1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1655
eleven o'clock for the purpose of voting against
every amendment and voting for this bill, and
then left because the state of his health would
not permit him to remain any longer.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire also to state tha'
my colleague [Mr. Saulsbury] is detained
from the Senate owing to the condition of his
health.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Boreman,
Buckingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Texas. Hamlin, Harlan, Howard. Howe, Howell,
McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Pome-
roy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey. Revels, Robertson, Ross,
Sawyer, Scott. Sherman, Spencer, Stearns, Stewart,
Warner, Williams, and Wilson—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston, McCreery, Miller,
Tliurman. and Vickers—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Cattell,
Davis. Fenton. Feny, Flanagan, Harris, Hill, Kel-
logg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Patterson,
Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz,Sprague,Stockton, Sumnor,
Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Willey, and Yates—25.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to amend the title
of the bill so as to read, " An act to prevent
the free and intelligent voters of the United
States from exercising the right of suffrage."
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title of the
bill will stand as reported.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
. 2579) making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department for the year
ending June 30, 1872.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet at
twelve o'clock to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. When the hour
of meeting was changed to eleven o'clock the
right was reserved by the Senate to fix twelve
o'clock if they desired.
Mr. CH ANDLER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion has
priority. The Senator from Ohio moves that
■when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet to-morrow at twelve o'clock ; and pend-
ing that motion the Senator from Michigan
moves that the Senate do now adjourn, which,
jfit prevails, will be to meet at eleven o'clock.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from Michigan.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on themotionof the Senator from Ohio,
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet at twelve o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 23, noes 25.
Mr. STEWART. Let us go on with the
Post Office bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes; let us pass it to-
night.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to state that I
have personally solicited the retention of a car
since twelve o'clock, promising that we would
leave here as soon as the election bill was dis-
posed of.
Mr. STEWART. Let the car go. We do
not want to go home till daylight. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. I do; and you cannot
pass this Post Office appropriation bill between
now and daylight, and there is no use of re-
maining here all night. There are amendments
to be offered to that bill which will take two
hours certainly, if not five, to discuss. I move
that the Seuate do now adjouru. p'Nol"
"No!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at one
o'clock and thirty-five minutes a. m., Saturday
morning) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 25, 1871.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev.
J. P. Newman, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved."
COLLECTION OF DIRECT TAX.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill (H. R. No.
3036) to collect the unpaid direct tax, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted.
Mr. MAYNARD also presented a commun-
ication from the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue upon the subject of collecting the direct
tax ; which was ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
MINTS, ASSAY OFFICES, AND COINAGE.
Mr. ICELLEY, from the Committee on Coin-
age, Weights, and Measures, reported back,
with a substitute, Senate bill No. 859, revising
the laws relative to the mints, assay offices,
and coinage of the United States; which sub-
stitute was ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted to the committee.
GERTRUDE A. LEFTWICII.
Mr. DOX. I rise to make a privileged re-
port from the Committee of Elections. I will
state to the House that it is a report in con-
nection with the contested-election case of
Leftwich vs. Smith, from the eighth congres-
sional district of the State of Tennessee, and
it is the unanimous report, not only of the
special committee in the case, but of the en-
tire Committee of Elections.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman states
that it is concurred in by all the Committee
of Elections. We do concur iti this special
report, but not in reference to the right to
the seat, for I think Dr. Leftwich was legally
entitled to the seat.
Mr. DOX. I mean that they all concur in
this report.
The report sets forth that owing to the death
of the contestant in this case, which occurred
on or about the 6th day of March, while he
was on his way to Washington for the purpose
of prosecuting the contest to his seat in this
House, the case terminated, so far as one of
the parties thereto was concerned, thereby in
effect leaving the sitting member undisturb ed
in his seat. But inasmuch as the contestant,
J. W. Leftwich, prior t.o his death had taken
an amount of testimony in the case, involving
necessarily considerable expense, and was also
subject to other expenditures in the prosecu-
tion of his claim to a seat, and the commit-
tee having moreover no doubt, from the exam-
ination they have given the evidence in the
case, that the contest made therein by the
contestant was made in good faith and with
probable grounds for success, they have
thought it but right that a reasonable sum
should be paid to the widow of the contestant
as a remuneration for expenses incurred by
her late husband down to the time of his
death; the amount of such remuneration to
inure to her benefit and separate use. There-
fore, the committee recommended for adop-
tion the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be, and is
hereby, directed to pay out of the contingent fund
of the House unto Gertrude A. Leftwich, widow of
J. W. Loftwich, deceased, late a contestant for a
seat in this House against William J. Smith, thosum
of 32,500, to belong to her in her own right and to
her own soparate use.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. DOX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jurors in united stat® courts.
Mr. MERCUR, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3067) to
regulate the drawing and summoning of jurors
in the district and circuit courts of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
and ordered to be printed and recommitted.
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. MERCUR also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with amendments, House
bill No._2687, for the apportionment of Rep-
resentatives to Congress among the several
States according to the ninth census; which
was ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
REPEAL OF INCOME TAX.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
the Clerk to read the letter which I send to the
desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department.
Office of Inteisnal Revenue,
Washington, February, 21,1871.
Sir : In view of tlio action that has been taken by
the Senate and the Committee of Ways and Means
of the House, looking toward the repeal of I he in-
come tax, I have naturally delayed until the last
moment before authorizing any expense in connec-
tion with the assessment ot this tax. Longer delay,
however, upon my part is impossible, and I respect-
fully urge that the action of the IIouso upon this
question may be pressed to an immediate conclu-
sion. The preparation of the necessary blanks and
the commissioning and payment of the large num-
ber of assistant assessors necessary will involve an
expenditure of many hundred thousand dollars,
which, with the present prospects for repeal, thus
rendering all labor in this direction nugatory, de-
mands proper consideration before authorizing.
Very respectfully,
A. PLBASONTON, Commissioner.
Hon. Samuel Hoopku, Chairman Committee Ways
and Means, House 0/ Mepresentutives.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to give notice that I shall take the earliest
opportunity to move to go into Committee of
the Whole to consider the bill to repeal the
income tax, that the House by their action
may settle the question so far as to relieve
the Internal Bureau from the embarrassment
referred to in the letter which has just been
read.
ESTIMATES OF APPROPRIATIONS, ETC.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3068) in relation to
estimates of appropriations and appropriation
accounts; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
NEW ORLEANS, ETC., RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back, with a substitute, from the.Com-
mitteeon Commerce, the bill (S. No. 878) to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish
and declare the railroad and bridges of the
New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga Rail-
road Company, as hereafter constructed, a
post road, and for other purposes," approved
March 2, 1808.
The substitute reported by the committee
was read.' It provides that an act entitled "An
act to establish and declare the railroad and
bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chat-
tanooga Railroad Company, as hereafter con-
structed, a post road, and for other purposes,"
approved March 2, 1868, be so amended as to
require the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chatta-
nooga Railroad Company to construct and
maintain a draw-bridge which, "when open,
shall give a clear space for the passage of ves-
sels of not less than one hundred feet in the
channel of the Great Rigolet, and at right
angles thereto; and the piers of the bridge
are to be so constructed as to be parallel with
the direction of the currents, and with proper
spring piling to the approaches on either side
of the draw; and the company shall at all
times open the draw-bridge, and shall provide
all necessary and convenient facilities for the
safe and speedy passage of all vessels requiring
the same. The second section provides that
Congress shall have power at any time to alter,
amend, or repeal this act.
The substitute reported by the committee
was agreed to.
