218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
flight, for it was plain that the olive branch would
not he accented, no matter by whom tendered.
''The staff officers about the President share his
feelings in this master, and one of them (General
liabeock) is reported to have gone so far as to declare
that it'he were not officiary connected with the Ex-
ecutive he would.subject Senator Scjin'Eb to personal
violence. This whole matter creates a good deal of
talk among those who have been aware of its extent
and nature."
Mr. SUMNER. If there were any reason
to believe that this statement would be confined
to the newspaper where I tind it, I do not know
that I should call attention to it; but I was
apprised last evening that a statement of this
character "would be made by telegraph, and I
wasasked to give some sanction to it. I replied
at once that nobody would have any authority
from me, nor would I say a word to anybody
on the subject. Last evening and the evening
before I was approached in the same way, and
each time I gave the same answer. I now find
the statement in print, and, as I say, with rea-
son to believe that it is already communicated
extensively over the country. I deem it, there-
fore, my duty, so far as I am concerned, to set
it right.
In the first place, there is an allegation that,
"Mr. Scmxer has attacked the President in
executive sessions of the Senate." I appeal
to my associates in this Chamber, one and all,
and make them my witnesses ; I appeal to my
friend, the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mor-
ton',] and I ask him to say to the President
simply what he said to me personally yester-
day with regard to this allegation. I have
never alluded to the President in executive
session except in most respectful kindness, and
1 challenge anybody to say the contrary. I
have criticised acts of his. As a Senator I was
obliged to do it. So much for that.
Then cornea a generality to which I will not
allude, simply on account of its vagueness. I
proceed to the next point:
" The President added that on some of these occa-
sions Mr. Sumnee had attributed dishonest motives
to him."
Never. I challenge every citizen of this
Republic, from one end to the other, wherever
I may have been ; I challenge every Senator to
testify on that point. Never! I know too well
his position and my own to make any such im-
peachment. I know not if it be necessary to
go into details on this point.
Then, as to what I have said generally of
the President, going back again to this allega-
tion which is so vague; I have summoned one
witnessi the Senator from Indiana; I now sum-
mon two others, and I hope my voice may
reach them wherever they may be. One is the
Secretary of State, and the other is the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, both members of the
Cabinet; and I have this to say : I have said
and written to the Secretary of State words of
the President and his acts as strong at least as
any I have ever expressed in the most private
intercourse ; I am inclined to think stronger.
1 have said in society, in the presence of the
Secretary of the Treasury, the hardest things
that I have said of the President, and he knows
whether they could in any way justify this im-
putation. 1 do not seek in any way "to involve
those distinguished friends, butl summon them
as witnesses. Let them tell the President what
I have said of him.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Maurice Fitzharris, late first lieutenant in the
forty-second regiment New York volunteers,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee 011 Pensions.
Mr. RICE presented the petitions of Leb-
beus A. Pindall, of Napoleon, Arkansas; of
J. B. Ford, of Boone county, Arkansas, and
of James P. Clayton and Eliliu Randolph, of
Napoleon, Arkansas, praying for the removal
of their political disabilities ; which were re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr, HARRIS presented the memorial of
Victoria C. Woodhull, praying for the passage
of such laws as may be necessary and proper
for carrying into execution the right vested by
the Constitution in the citizens of the United
States to vote without regard to sex; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
James Simons, surgeon United States Army,
praying compensation for property taken by
UnitedStatesforcesin 18G4; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
reports of committees.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 66) to forbid the conveyance of
Indian reservations by treaty to any other
grantee than the United States, reported ad-
versely thereon, and moved its indefinite post-
ponement ; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 59) for the relief of Jordan & McPike,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. C. S. Wilson,
| praying compensation for expenses incurred
and" services rendered in aid of Union prison-
: ers at Andersonville, Georgia, submitted an
| adverse report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WILLEY. The same committee have
instructed me to report back the bill (S. No.
740) to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to pay William Martin, of Virginia. This
is a bill to pay for arrearages due assistant
enumerators in the census of 1860. A bill
was passed at the last session authorizing the
payment, on the proper proof of loyalty being
made to the Department, of these arrearages
to all claimants who could show themselves to
be loyal. If this claimant be loyal, he has
Lis remedy under that bill. If he be not, it is
taken for granted that in the view of the Sen-
! ate his claim should not be recognized. I am
' therefore instructed by the committee to re-
1 port the bill back, and to ask to be discharged
from its further consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to attract the atten-
tion of the Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin]
to the bill (H. R. No. 891) for the relief of
Cliailes E. Dole. I have understood that this
bill was referred to another committee and that
committee reported favorably upon it, and the
] bill was passed and the money has been paid to
■ the claimant. How this bill got before the
| Committee on Claims I do not know, but if
| that be the true statement of the case I am in-
1 structed to ask that the Committee on Claims
! be discharged from the further consideration
' of the bill.
: Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from West Vir-
ginia has stated the case accurately. By some
mistake the bill was referred to two separate
committees, and one committee reported upon
it at the last session, and it passed the Senate
in concurrence with the House, and the claim-
ant has got the money in bis pocket.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill, then,
will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. HAMLIN. That will be right.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of William
Roacb, the father of Ellen Roach, who was
] killed by the explosion at the Arsenal in Wash-
I ington in 1864, praying an appropriation for
I his relief, asked to be discharged from its fur-
j ther consideration ; which was agreed to.
; Mr. SCOTT. The same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of A. G. and B. P.
Lee, praying remuneration for property de-
stroyed by United States troops at Paducah,
Kentucky, have directed me to report it back
with a wiitten report, and with a joint resolu-
tion refeiring this claim to the Court of Claims.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 271) author-
izing A. G. Lee and the legal representatives
of B. P. Lee, deceased, to prosecute their
claim against the United States in the Court
of Claims was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I inquire if it takes a
joint resolution to refer a case to the Court of
Claims. Will not a resolution of the Senate
suffice ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. He lias a right to have
it that way.
Mr. POMEROY. We have a right to do it
by joint resolution; but it is much better and
easier to get a Senate resolution, which disposes
of the question.
Mr. SCOTT. That did not strike me or the
committee at the time of agreeing in this report.
It was directed to be reported as a joint reso-
lution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
an impression that the rule stated by the Sen-
ator from Kansas has been altered so that it
requires a joint resolution. He is not positive,
however.
Mr. POMEROY. I am informed that it has
been altered, but I cannot find the alteration.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. li. No. 2049)
for the protection of settlers on the public lands
of the United States, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Thomas Niles, of
Gloucester, Massachusetts, asking for payment
of losses sustained 011 account of the action of
the Government in taking his property during
the war, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refened the joint resolution (S. R. No.
223) authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay certain cotton claims, the proceeds of
which are at present covered into the Treasury,
arising from the sales of cotton unlawfully
seized after the 30th of June, 1865, reported
adversely thereon, and ipoved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE subsequently said: Senate joint
resolution No. 223, authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay certain cotton claims,
the proceeds of which are at present covered
into the Treasury, arising from the sales of
cotton unlawfully seized after the SOfh of June,
1865, which I reported back from the Commit-
tee on Claims just now, was indefinitely post-
poned. I understand that it is desired by some
Senators that it should go on the Calendar, and
I make that suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go 011
the Calendar, with the adverse report of the
committee.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1014) to abolish the tribal relations of
the Miami tribe of Indians, and for other
purposes, reported adversely thereon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
indefinitely postponed if there be 110 objection.
Mr. HARLAN. It had better remain 011 the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar with the adverse report.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 825) to repeal the first section of*an
act relating to appeals to the Supreme Court,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its
indefinite postponement.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is inal a bill ! inin.dnced?
Mr. TRUMBULL, h h, a House bill. It
may go on the Calendar if anybody objects to
the indefinite postponement.
Mr. Yv JLL1AMS. I have no objection to
that disposition of it.
Mr, EDMUNDS. Let it be disposed of.
