1658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
the clause beginning on line five hundred and
twelve, and it seems to me a most unreason-
able sum for that purpose.
Mr, DAWES. When we come to that item
I will debate it with the gentleman.
' Mr. HOLMAN. I am willing to withdraw
my amendment, and propose an appropriation
of $1,000 for each of the squares.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is aware that
reservation No. 2 contains thirty acres. The
fences about that reservation are very poor
wooden fences. Itcosts a great deal to take care
of them and guard them. Five watchmen are
posted about that reservation all the time. It
costs much more to take care of that reserva-
tion than it does to take care of La Payette
square. Still, I think that $15,000 is more
than is needed, and, as I have said, I was very
anxious to get a detailed statement from Gen-
eral Michler, but his duties were such that it
was impossible for me to obtain from him an
estimate in detail.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am willing to modify my
amendment so as to provide that a sum not
exceeding $1,000 shall be appropriated for the
repair and improvement of La Fayette square.
Mr. DAWES. I must insist, I think, on an
appropriation of at least $7,500, which is half
the estimate of General Michler.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall have to adhere to
my original motion to this extent: I move to
strike out "fifteen" and insert "two so that
the appropriation will be $2,000.
Mr. DAWES. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment so as to make the amount of the appro-
priation $7,500.
Mr. BLDRIDGE. I rise to oppose that
amendment. Ever since I have been in Con-
gress it has been my habit to vote and advo-
cate, so far as I have spoken, the most liberal
policy toward the city of Washington. I am
influenced by none of that, narrow-minded
bigotry which seems to have controlled many
gentlemen here at different times during the
period I have served in Congress, on account
of the peculiar views of the people of Washing-
ton. 1 am in favor at all times of giving for all
these improvements all that is necessary. I
would not be narrow or mean about this mat-
ter. I do not think that such should be the
policy of the Government.
But it seeins to me that this appropriation
of $15,000, in regard to which the committee
is unable to give any explanation, ought cer-
tainly to be reduced, especially when we find
in a subsequent, clause of the bill an appro-
priation of $5,000 for painting fences around
La Fayette square and Judiciary square. I do
not know much about painting; 1 have no skill
'or knowledge in that direction; but I under-
take to say that it cannot cost any such sum
for painting those fences. Adding this item
of $5,000 to the $15,000 now under consider-
ation, we have $20,000 for the improvement
of reservation No. 2, and La Fayette square,
and painting the fences of La Fayette and J udi-
ciary squares. I hope no such amount will be
appropriated.
Mr. MAYNAED. The gentleman will allow
me to suggest that this includes the fences
around the War and Navy Departments.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It does not include the
fences around the War and Navy Departments.
The item of $5,000 is for '' painting iron fences
around La Fayette square, in front of the War
and Navy Departments, and Government fence
around Judiciary square."
Mr. MAYNAED. Please remember that
La Fayette square is not in front of those
Departments.
Mr. DAWES. Wait until we get to those
appropriations.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I refer to them in con-
nection with this appropriation of $15,000 pro-
posed by the Committee on Appropriations
and the appropriation of $7,500 moved by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, the chairman
of the committee. I am willing to give a lib-
eral sum for aay of these improvements, and
insist that we should not be narrow-minded
on these subjects.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I quite agree
with the spirit of the remarks of my friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldeidge] as to what
the Government ought to do in respect of the
public grounds of Washington. It seems to
me, however, from his criticisms on this para-
graph that he must be under some misappre-
hension in reference to the matter. The
provision in the bill is for care and im-
provement of public reservation No. 2, and
La Fayette square, $15,000. The chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations proposes
to reduce this appropriation to $7,500. The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] moves
to reduce it to $2,000. Now, if I am correct
about this square No. 2, it includes the grounds
about the President's House, and also the
grounds in front of the President's House,
.extending all the way to the Potomac river.
These extensive grounds include some thirty
acres.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does that include more
than the Smithsonian Institution grounds?
The chairman of the committee says that it
includes those grounds only.
Mr. POTTER. I ask the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions. I do not understand this square No.
2 to be the Smithsonian Institution grounds.
What is square No. 2? Is it not the grounds
about the President's House ?
Mr. DAWES. Square No. 2 is made up of
the grounds between the Washington monu-
ment and the President's House, including
the ground's in that neighborhood.
Mr. POTTER. Including all the grounds
about the President's House?
Mr. DAWES. Not those between the Pres-
ident's House and Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. POTTER. But on the other side, all
the grounds south to the Potomac river?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does that include the
Smithsonian grounds?
Mr. DAWES. No.
Mr. MAYNARD. It will take $15,000 to
put them in proper condition. We all know
the open, unfinished condition of the grounds
south of the President's House.
Mr. POTTER. Iam quite right, then, that
this appropriation is for the care and improve-
ment of these grounds extending in front of
the President's House. I do not mean the
grounds in the, rear, or toward Pennsylvania
avenue, but on the south, toward the Potomac
river; and also for the care of the grounds of
La Fayette square. Now, I know no outdoor
place in Washington to which strangers and
members of Congress resort in the season so
much as to La Fayette square. There are no
grounds more accessible, none more delightful,
none kept in better order, none of more public
use, not merely to the residents of Washing-
ton, but to the general public of the United
States happening to be in Washington, than
those of La Fayette square. It w_ould be a great
misfortune, in my judgment, to fail to make an
appropriation to keep those grounds in decent
and satisfactory order nor should we fail to
improve the grounds south of the President's
House. There is propriety, and, as far as I see,
no extravagance in it. As the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations is willing to
take $7,500 for these purposes, I hope it will
not be refused.
Mr. DAWES. I insist on my amendment,
to insert $7,500.
Mr. Dawes's amendment to the amendment
was agreed to; and Mr. Holman's amendment
as amended, appropriating $7,500, was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows :
. Kor painting iron fences around La Payette square,
in front of the War and Navy Departments, and
tioveminent fence around Judiciary square, $5,000.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
offer the followiug amendment:
Strike out the words " and Government fence
around Judiciary Square," and instead of " $5,000"
insert "$2,000;" so that it will read: " For painting
iron fence around Lafayette Square, in front of the
War and Navy Departments, $2,000."
Mr. DAWES. I do not oppose that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For improvement, care, protection, and so forth,
of seats and fountains in Capitol grounds, $2,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by
striking out the words " and so forth."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For expenses to be incurred in the improvement
of avenues, streets, a nd alleys running by or through
the property of the United States, and to abate nui-
sances, $30,000.
Mr. LOGAN. I am not in a condition to-
day, if I desired, to have a discussion over
these propositions making appropriations for
the city of Washington. But I say when you
take this appropriation bill and run through it
and examine the different items that are being
appropriated for streets and alleys, and for such
purposes as cleaning snow off the streets—I
say to make such appropriations for any city
is an outrage, an imposition upon the tax-pay-
ers of the country, such as no committee ought
to have reported to this House. I am sur-
prised that such appropriations should have
been reported by my friend from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes,] who is always in favor of
economy. *
Mr. CREBS. They amount altogether to
over half a million dollars.
Mr. LOGAN. The committee thrust into a
bill the other day the sum of $200,000, to be
paid into the hands of General Michler, to be
expended in this city. And now they take up
the same things and appropriate over three
hundred and fifty-five thousand dollars, mak-
ing over five hundred thousand dollars to be
handed over to this man, never to be accounted
for, but certainly to be expended ; all for im-
proving streets, for cleaning away snow, for
sprinkling streets, for alleys, for things which,
when the law passed last session for paving
Pennsylvania avenue, it was understood the
city itself would do. There are some things
here, of course, that are right; but a majority
of the appropriations of this kind in the pres-
ent bill are an outrage upon the House and
upon the people, and I am surprised that they
should be reported to this House. Let us
read the section now under consideration :
For expenses to bo incurred in the improvement
of avenues, streets, and alleys running by or through
the property of the United States, and to abate
nuisances, 430,000.
Now what is the meaning of that ? The
meaning of it, in my judgment, is to allow this
man, General Michler, to go and lay out streets
and new alleys, and if a house or anything
else is in the way, to abate them as nuisances.
That is the meaning of it. It is giving the
power to this man to lay out new streets and
new alleys, and to abate nuisances, according
to his own discretion, without the authority
of any existing law or anything else. That is
the sort of legislation which the Committee on
Appropriations propose to this House. If I
am mistaken I should be glad to be corrected.
But I take it that is the meaning of the section,
and you follow that with appropriations of'
$5,000, $20,000, $30,000, in one line after
another, all to be put into the hands of this
man to be disposed of as he sees fit.
Mr. DAWES. If General Michler is an
improper person to have the care of these
improvements, it is not the part of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to remedy that evil;
that is in the hands of Congress or some other
authority. A point of order would have been
at once made on the Committee on Appropri-
ations if they had proposed to interfere with
General Michler.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not wish my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to say that I stated
that General Michler is not a proper man. I
made no reference to him as regards his per-
