THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
senators envelopes.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer a resolution which par-
takes somewhat the character of a question
of privilege:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate furnish
Senators with envelopes that will stick.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution? [''Oh. no!"'] Does the Senator from
Kentucky insist upon it?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
The resolution was agreed to unanimously.
duties on sugar.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask unanimous consent
to bring before the Senate for consideration the
first resolution on the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. I mtost object to anything
but the regular order.
Mr. KELLOGG. It will take but a minute.
It is only for the purpose of setting down a bill
for the 10th of next month. I presume there
will be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will take time. There
are but a few minutes left to act on the sugar
bill, for which there is a pressing necessity. I
insist on my motion to proceed to the consid-
eration of that.
Mr. KELLOGG. Before the expiration of
the morning hour?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is concluded.
Mr. KELLOGG. Is it not in order to call
up a resolution ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is ; but the
Senator from Ohio has obtained the floor. The
motion of the Senator from Louisiana is similar
to the motion oftheSenator from Ohio, to pro-
ceed to the consideration of a resolution lying
over on the Calendar. It is in the same category
as a bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill in regard
to the duties on sugar.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move, instead of that,
to take up Senate bill No. 1080.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind the Senator from California that it has
been decided repeatedly and uniformly that
every motion to take up a bill must stand on its
own merits, and is not amendable. After a bill
is taken up it can be postponed, but the ques-
tion of taking it up must be submitted inde-
pendently, and such a motion is not subject to
amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I understand that
to reach what I desire I must make a motion
to postpone.
The VICE PRESIDENT. After the bill is
taken up or the Senate may reject this motion.
If this motion shall be rejected, then the motion
of the Senator from California will be in order.
Mr. CASSERLY. .1 understand the Chair,
then, to rule that the sugar bill must first, be
taken up before I can move to displace it by
the income-tax bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is true.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2530) to
amend an act entitled "An act to reduce inter-
nal taxes, and for other purposes," approved
July 14, 1870.
Mr. CASSERLY. I now move to postpone
the consideration of the bill of the Senator
from Ohio, in order to take up the bill (iS, No.
1080) for the repeal of all laws fbr the collec-
tion of an income tax or anytax in that nature,
which I ask to have read for the information
of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows:
JJeit eiiactcd, &c., That sections six to sixteen,both
inclusive, of an act to reduce internal taxes, and
for other puu'oses, p^s&ed July 14, 1870, and ail
other acts and parts of acts for the assessment, levy,
or collection of a tax upon incomes, or upon any
gains, profits, or receipts of the respective classes
affected by said sections, or any of them, are hereby
repealed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall take effcet on the 1st day of January, 1871.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is it in order to debate
such a motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. On a motion to
proceed to the consideration of any bill, by the
eleventh rule, the merits of the bill cannot be
debated. The rule has often been quoted.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will simply state, then,
that this is one of three bills introduced about
the same time for the same general purpose.
I select my own because it seems to nae to
accomplish more precisely the object in view,
to abolish the income tax.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill in regard
to the duties on sugar being before the Senate,
the Senator from California moves to postpone
it and all other orders for the purpose of con-
sidering the bill in regard to the income tax.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to have
the yeas and nays 011 that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. The yeas and nays hav-
ing been ordered, and feeling constrained,
as I shall, to vote against the motion of the
Senator from California, I with to precede my
vote by a statement. On every fitting occasion
I will vote with that Senator and with every
other Senator who will vote with me to put
an end to what he denominates the income
tax, believing as I do that it ought to have
been repealed in toto, and that the remnant
of it ought now to be swept away. I shall
vote against the motion on this occasion only
because I do not feel at liberty to interpose
against the Senator from Ohio, who has ob-
tained a hearing for another bill.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, no one can be
more anxious for the repeal of what is prop-
erly called the remnant of the income tax than
myself, and I shall vote with my colleague to
take up that measure as often as the question
is raised. Bat judging irom what appears
already, particularly m the speech of the Sen-
ator from New York, it is a very inopportune
time to move that question. It will be put-
ting it in antagonism with other business
which has, in appearance at least, priority over
it. I regret, therefore, that my colleague has
brought it up to-day. I fear it will but operate
against the final success of the measure if it is
pressed on this occasion. 1 am very much in
favor of it, and shall seek at some other day to
have action upon it: but it seems to me very
certain that the matter cannot be concluded
to-day, the very last but one before the holi-
days; and if my colleague will consent to its
going over, I think we can have the aid of a
sufficient number of Senators to take it up
and act upon it at some other lime not far
distant, t am afraid, and I express the fear,
that a vote upon it at this time, which will of
course be against taking it up, will be con-
strued as a vote against the repeal of the income
tax. We see already that one Senator who
is in favor of that repeal has expressed him-
self against taking up the bill. 1 hope, there-
fore, that my colleague will consent to let it
pass over for this time, knowing that there
are Senators who will vote against taking it
up now who are in favor of the repeal of the
income tax.
Mr. CASSERLY. Ordinarily I should yield
to any suggestion such as that made by my col-
league. I11 this case I cannot. When Congress
adjourned at the last session there was, 1 think,
a general feeling among Senators who were in
earnest in their opposition to the income tax
that it had been passed in this body in a man-
ner which was not satisfactory to their sense
of what was due to the legislation of this body,
or to the great interests involved. 1 made up
my own mind that I should lose no time and 110
fit opportunity in pressing upon the Senate the
subject of the total repeal of an obnoxious law.
On the first day of the session I introduced the
bill which was referred to the Finance Com-
mittee and a few days ago was reported back
adversely. To day is the first opportunity for
calling it up 1 have found. I know of 110 better
time for the purpose.
The sugar bill of the Senator from Ohio, the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, [Mr.
Siikkmas,] is certainly not comparable in in-
terest or importance to the people of this coun-
try with my bill, which is a bill to abolish not
only what the Senator from New York has
spoken of as the tax called the income tax,
but to abolish all taxes upon incomes, profits,
gains, or receipts of the classcs specified iti
the present law. I regret that my colleague
[Mr. Cole] thinks this is not an opportune
time to press my bill. My colleague has not
suggested what will be an opportune time to
do what the country, in his judgment as well
as in mine, demands with singular unanimity
and earnestness. When I am in favor of a
bill, and there is no other measure of greater
importance contending with it before the Sen-
ate, I regard any time as an opportune time
to bring it forward. If I am not in favor of a
bill I am very apt to consider any time, as in-
opportune. But as my colleague is in favor
of this bill I shall expect him to vote at least
for giving it a position before the Senate which
will enable us to take it up and dispose of it at
an early period in the present session.
Mr. STEWART. If I am to be called upon
to vote on this motion, I desire to say that 1 am
most earnestly in favor of the bill of the Sen-
ator from California ; but I appeal to him to let
it pass over on the present occasion. There are
a large number of Senators who feel as I do and
who are desirous of proceeding with the busi-
ness that we had under consideration yester-
day. If the Senator from California presses
his motion to a vote his bill will appear to great
disadvantage. On another occasion it will have
a great many more friends than it can get now.
I hope it will not be pressed under these un-
favorable circumstances. I desire to have that
bill pass. 1 believe it is time to get rid of this
income tax, but I am afraid that to press the
bill now will injure it. That is my only reason
for voting against this, motion.
Mr. CORBETT. I think the Senator from
California, if he is a true friend of this bill for
the repeal of the income tax, will withdraw his
motion. It is evident that it cannot be taken
up in preference to the bill that was brought
up by the Senator fiom Ohio yesterday and dis-
cussed at some considerable length, and which
it seems important, now that it is understood,
should be acted upon at once. The Senate know-
that I lost no opportunity at the last session to
enforce upon them the importance of a repeal
of the income tax ; but I shall feel constrained
to vote against taking up that bill now in pref-
erence to the one suggested by the Senator from
Ohio. Therefore, I hope the Senatorfrom Cali-
fornia will not press his motion.
Mr. CASSERLY. I cannot well reply to the
remarks ofthe Senator frorb Oregon, [Mr. Cor-
uett,] for I was not so fortunate as to hear
them. But I have this to say: 1 am perfectly
willing, if this bill can be taken up so as to
have a place before the Senate, to allow it to
be passed over, in order to take up the bill of
the Senator from Ohio. So far as I am con-
cerned, 1 have no disposition to delay the con-
sideration of _ his bill. I desire simply that
this subjected the abolition, in every shape and
form, of this most odious and unjust tax shall
occupy the earliest place in 1 lie legislation of
this session. 1 trust this will be agreed to.
The VICE PHES1 DENT. Doej the Sen-
ator still insist 011 his motion?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 wish simply to inform
the Senator from California that whenever he
desires to bring up the income tax bill at a time
when we ate prepared to discuss it I shall be
