1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1047
names with their mark. That would give the
Senate exact information upon that point, it
is admitted that there is a large proportion of
these signatures written in the same hand-
writing. It might be of utility, or at least it
might be agreeable, to some Senators that
they should know how many of these parties
could write and how many could not write,
how many were white men and how many were
black men: andlsuppose that when an instru-
ment of writing is executed, and a marker is
required to attach his name to it, the person
who desires him to attaeli his name writes it
himself and writes "his mark," the word
"his" above the line of his name and "mark"
below, and the marker inserts his cross. I
think that that plain, old fashioned way of
signing petitions ought to be practiced here.
But there is another suspicion about this
matter in my mind. A man is paid to get up
a petition of this kind, and he gets so many
signatures to it. He may be paid by the ten,
the hundred, or any other number. He sets
to work and circulates actively over the coun-
try, pen in hand, his inkstand tied to his but-
ton-hole, and he goes over the country solicit-
ing signers, and men dirpct him to put down
their names. That is not the right way of
getting signatures to an important petition to
Congress.
Sir, I admit the right of every citizen, how-
ever humble, to petition Congress; but when
citizens-send petitions here they ought to pre-
sent themselves in theirtrue character, in their
true aspect. When they can write they ought
to present themselves with their own signa-
tures; and when they cannot write they ought
to present themselves as markers, and the
paper ought to carry the intrinsic evidence
that they were markers ; and in these times of
black and white petitioners and of petitioners
indiscriminately there ought to be some mode
of designating the white from the black.
Mr. CASSERLY. The question of the gen-
uineness of these signatures becomes interest-
ing. I find here one signature which, could
we be assured that it were genuine, would very
greatly iudeed strengthen the representations
of this paper. It is the signature of one who
in his day and generation bore testimony which
has been accepted by a great proportion of the
civilized world since as the irrefragable truth.
I find here written legibly enough on one page
of these signatures the venerable and vener-
ated name of " John Evangelist." [Laugh-
ter.] I do not think, sir, there is anything in
the practices or the teachings of the modern
Radical piirtv 
Mr. ABBOTT rose.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall be through in a
moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT.- The Senator
from California declines to yield the floor, and
cannot be interrupted except by his consent.
Mr. A BBO IT. I simply wish to say——
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 shall be through in a
moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California is on the floor, and must not
be interrupted except by his ownconseut.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 was about to say that
there is nothing in the doctriues or practices
of the modern Radical party, especially in the
reconstructed States of the South, to warrant
us in the belief that they have succeeded in
enlisting in their ranks the apostle of peace,
love, and mercy known and honored by us all
as John the Evangelist. That is all I have
to say.
Mr. ABBOTT. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia sbouM go down into the southern coun-
try he would find Luke and Paul and John
and all the scriptural names. He need not be
surprised-to see John the Evangelist, i had
nothing to do with these names.
Mr. POOL. Mr. Presideut, the petition
comc-s here 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morniug
hoar has expired, and the unfinished business .
of yesterday is before the Senate. If there be
no objection the Chair will, however, continue
to receive morning business.
KEP0HT3 OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of U. P.
Monroe, praying to be remunerated for expend-
itures and services rendered in opening the
Sacramento river to steam navigation, andcom-
pensation for services rendered in clearing that,
river of obstructions, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which wasagreed
to; and submitted a report, which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
David J. Millard, praying payment of a bal-
ance due him on a contract with the Govern-
ment for the manufacture of sabers, asked to.
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to; and "he submitted a
report, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1128) to aid in the construction of
a railroad from Wilmington, in the State of
California, to Wickenburg, in the Territory of
Arizona, reported it with amendments.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Warren
& Moore, praying compensation for lumber
taken for the use of the Army in 1SG2, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 1319) for the relief of Warren & Moore
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom were referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2727) regulating the removal of
actions from State to United States courts,
and the bill (H. K. No. 2922) amendatory of
an act entitled "An act for the removal of
causes in certain cases from State courts,"
reported adversely thereon, and moved their
indefinite postponement; which wasagreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. li. No. 2805) supple-
mentary to an act to establish the Department
of Justice,, reported it without amendment.
TESTIMONY BEFORE DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2911) to provide for taking testimony
to be used before the Departments, have in-
structed me to report it back with a slight
verbal amendment; and as the amendment
merely changes a word, and I presume there
is no objection to the bill, I ask that it be put
on its passage now.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
2911) to provide tor taking testimony to be
used before the Departments was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that any head of a Department or bureau in
which a claim against the United States is
properly pending may apply to any judge or
clerk of any court of the United States, in any
State, District, or Territory, to issue a sub-
pena for any witness residing or being within
the jurisdiction of such court, to appear at a
time and place in the subpena stated, before
any officer authorized to take depositions to be
used in the courts of the United States, there
to give full and true answers ^to such written
interrogatories aud cross-interrogatories as
may be submitted with the application, or to
be orally examined and cross-examined upon
the subject of such claim; and if any witness,
after being duly served with such subpena,
shall neglect or refuse to appear, or appearing
shall refuse to testify, the judge from whose
court the subpena issued may proceed upon
proper process to enforce obedience to the
process, or to punish the disobedience, in like
manner as any court of the United States may
do in ease of process of subpoena ad testifican-
dum issued by such court; and witnesses in
such case shall be allowed the same compen-
sation as is allowed witnesses in the courts of
the United States. If any witness who shall
be duly sworn and examined under the pro-
visions of the act shall be guilty of intentional
false swearing in his testimony he shall be
deemed guilty of the crime of perjury, and on
conviction shall be punished in the same man-
ner and to the same extent as is provided
against perjury committed in the courts of
tho United States. Whenever any head of a
Department or bureau shall make application
to take testimony, and shall be of opinion that
the interests of the United States require the
attendance of counsel at the examination, or
if he shall be of opinion that the interests of
the United States require legal investigation
of such claim, he shall give notice thereof to
the Attorney General, and of all facts neces-
sary to enable the Attorney General to furnish
proper professional service in attending such
examination, or making such investigation;
and it shall be the duty of the Attorney Gen-
eral to provide for such service.
The amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary was to strike out in line sixteen of
section one the words " from whose court"
and insert" of the district in which so as to
read, "the judge of the district in which the
subpena issued may proceed," <fec.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, aud the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
senator from georgia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution, (S. li. No. 306) prescribing the oath to
be taken by H. V. M. Miller, Senator-elect
from Georgia, have instructed me to report it
back and recommeud its passage. I will state
to the Senate, if they will allow me'to do so,
that this joint resolution authorizes Mr. Miller
to take the same oath which was taken by
Mr. Hill here; the same oath which was
taken by Mr. Shober, of North Carolina, and
by Mr. Butler, of Tennessee, in the House
of liepresentatives. I do not wish to debate
the matter unless somebody else does. If we
could take the vote upon it and pas-s it, it
would allow Mr. Miller to be sworn in, taking
the same oath which was taken by Mr. Hill
and that can be taken by any one from whom
disabilities have been removed. The case of
Mr. Miller is well understood, and if we could
take the vote upon it at once I would prefer
that course rather than to have a discussion
about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the joint resolution will be before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and
it will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Illinois,
I think, is not ignorant of the fact that I was
opposed to that resolution in committee. I
object to its further consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 knew that the Sen-
ator was opposed to it, but I did not know
that he wished to discuss it in the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to its consider-
ation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be placed upon the Calendar.
RECORDS OP COURTS.,
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the amend*
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 141) relating to records of tne
courts of the United States, have instructed
me to report it back and recommend that the
Senate non concur in the amendment of the
House of Representatives. Let it be acted
on at once.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
