1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
ready to meet "it; but evidently this is an ex-
traordinary motion. I take it that the great
body of the Senate will, as a matter of course,
vote down a proposition of this kind, which
would keep the Senate from doing anything
at any time, because if this kind of practice
can spring up in the Senate, and when one
Senator move3 to take up a bill, and his mo-
tion prevails, another Senator can move to
postpone that in order to take up another, we
never can get a vote of the Senate on any
question whatever. The Senator himself can
see the practical effect of this kind of parlia-
mentary tactics.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will allow me to say a word.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. If there was anything
"extraordinary" in my course, so as to deserve
the peculiar epithet of ''tactics." applied by
the Senator fnom Ohio, [Mr. Shi;hmax,] it might
well be attributed to my want of acquaintance
with parliamentary usage. But my impression
is very distinct that I have known just such
tactics to be practiced several times since I
have been in the Senate, without observation
from any quarter, and more than once on the
part of the Senator from Unio himself. Pro-
tected by such authority I must .nsist that there
was nothing unusual, oront of order, or con-
trary to parliamentary fairness or propiiety in
my course.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say nothing
unkind to the Senator from California: bat I
am sure that he is mistaken in reference to
myself. When the Senate have by vote delib-
erately taken up a particular proposition, then
I do say to him, iti all kindness, it is unusual
at once to commence to antagonize that par-
ticular proposition wiih a proposition to take np
some other bill. If that practice was resorted
to in the Senate, where our rules are rather
liberal, it would be impossible for tiie Senate
to dispose of any single question. AThen a
majority of the Senate take up a particular bill,
and there is debate and consideration of it,
then reasons may occur why a moibm to post-
pone may be in order, with a view to take up
another bill: but it is not usual to antagonize
it immediately with another proposition which
will give rise to debate.
Mr. CASSERLY. For that reason, if the
Senator from Massachusetts will pardon me
a moment further, and in order to meet the
views of the Senator from Ohio, who, being
chairman of the Committee on Finance, is
undoubtedly entitled in a special degree to
the consideration of every Senator, myself
included, I have offered, if the income tax bill
can he taken up, to let it be postponed, to go
on with the consideration of his bill. Having
made that entirely plain to him and to the
Senate already, 1 confess my surprise that the
Senator shouid have expressed himself as he
has. I think everybody in the Senate, the
Senator included, will understand that 1 can
have no purpose to delay or to defeat. Lb.e
consideration of his bill alter the offer which
I have made and just lenewed.
Mr. SUMNER. I was about to make a
suggestion to the Senator from Ohio, that his
bill should bo proceeded with, wnli the uni-
versal understanding of all who were really for
the abolition of the income tax that we should
then take up tliiJ bill of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, and make an end of the income tax.
Let us show the country that we are in earnest
to abolish taxation, instead of proceeding v,:th
a mea'Uiie which, «hen it i.-, fully diseUs<ed.
v, ill appear to be only anoi her mode of mvi 1'. -
in^ tlie country in untold laxalsoa. 1 imp
theretbie, there wilt be an uud"r ;.iii'ii',;t i -
nveeu the t'.vo Senators that tin su;;,n- mo re. ./
be uUposid of, and then the bill for lie' repeal
of theiiKOm" tax. le 1 us finish both of them.
Mr. SHERMAN. All 1 cam ay to (Ik vcit
humorous proposition of my honorable tneud
from Massachusetts is that when the income
tax bill comes up I shall have something to
say against the passage of any bill repealing
that tax; and a good many other Senators
are in a like condition. But, as a matter of
course, whenever a motion is made to take
up that bill, if it seems to be in order I shall
vote to take it up. I have never voted, that
I know of, to defeat a bill by refusing to take
it up at an opportune time, ^'he time will
come undoubtedly when the income tax will
be a proper subject for discussion ; and then
I shall be prepared to discuss it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The sugar bill
being now before the Senate, the morning hour
has expired, and the Senate resumes the con-
sideration of the joint resolution in relation
to Dominica, on which the Senator from
Nebraska [Mr. Tiptox] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that that joint
resolution be postponed, in order to enable us
to finish the su<;ar bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nebraska yield to allow the motion
to be made?
Mr. TIPTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire to state that I am
informed officially that there are a great num-
ber of invoices now in different ports of the
United States, audit is impossible to ascertain
the duty fixed by lav/ upon sugar; and when I
make this statement officially to the Senate I
hope they will consent to dispose of this bill
one way or the other. I do not desire to con-
sume any more time upon it; but it is a matter
of immediate, imperative necessity that what-
ever is done in regard to this subject be done
to day or to-morrow. This is really the last day
of the session piior to the holidays, because
to-monow there may not he a quorum. I was
in hopes that, we should pass this bill without
any further discussion. X think if the pending
proposition in legard to San Domingo is post-
poned for a few minutes we shall be able to do
so. I hope, therefore, it will be postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves to postpone the joint resolu-
tion in regard to Dominica for the purpose
of continuing the consideration of the sugar
bill.
Mr. MORTON. I hope that will not be done
until after wo dispose of the pending proposi-
tion. 1 think it is very likely that there will
be a difference of opinion in the Senate in re-
gard to the importance of the Senator's bill.
1 think so from what 1 have already heard. I
hope, at any rate, that it will be deferred until
we get through with my resolution, which I
trust we can dispose of before a great while.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CASSERLY. The yeas and nays were
ordered on my motion to take up the income
tax bill, as I understood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. I hey-were.
Mr. CASSERLY. And while that was pend-
ing, in order to conciliate opposition in any
quarter, I declared te at it was tnv wish, if that
bill were taken up, that it should be postponed
in favor of the bill of the Senator from Ohio :
and I presume that the yeas and nays are now
to be taken on that motion of mine, alter that
declaration on mv part.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour ha>ing expiied. the Senate passed Irom
the coi.sideiation of the bill in regaid to sugar
and the moiion pending in regard to it, and
resumed, under its nile, the joint resolution ill
regaid to Dominica, pending which the Sen-
ein; fiom Oh.o moves to postpone the further
cei.sideiv.non of ihe j i.nt resolution m regard
Eo l)e nieiee. m omW- to continue the consal-
el i'i:! relaiIve to the oa.ies on
,-u-er. Ii' that should prevail, then the mo-
le a > tn ■ Seuaue' t:oia Ca..f..rula will come
a - peieii at to the bitl itselt, fhej ant res-
olution in ri^r.vd to Dominica w now before
the Senate, and ihe iirst question is oil the
motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
if the order to bring up the Calendar each day
at one o'clock has expired.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is superseded
by the unfinished business of yesterday, the
rules requiring that the unfinished business
pending at the last adjournment shall have
priority.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That supersedes the
other?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business pending at the previous evening super-
sedes even a special order, which by the rule
it requires a two-thirds vote to make.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then that will only come
up when nothing else is pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. When there is
no unfinished bnsinessofthenightbefore. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio.
The question being put, there were—ayes
thirty-three.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thirty-three is
a majority of the Senators present.
Mr. HOWARD. I think we had better have
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to make an
inquiry of the Chair before I vote: whether a
vote to postpone this pending resolution is a
vote to postpone it until to-inorrow ; and if so,
whether it can be again considered to day?
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the eleventh
rule the only motions in regard to postpone-
ment that are in order are to postpone indefi-
nitely and postpone to a day certain; and, of
course, by a strict construction of the rule, the
postponement must be until to-morrow. It
would therefore require, if any Senator ob-
jected, after the sugar bill should be disposed
of, a formal motion to proceed to the consid-
eration of the Dominican joint resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 am satisfied with the
decision of the Chair, if thai is what the Chair
means : but I had the impression that if the
vote were taken to postpone the San Domingo
resolution until to-morrow we could not again
reach it without a reconsideration, on the
ground that the Senate had ordered that it
should not be considered to-dsy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the usage of
the Senate, a postponement until to-morrow is
simply a direction that the bill or resolution
shall resume its place on the Calendar, and
the Chair thinks that by a vote of the Senate
it could be again taken up. Certainly a recon-
sideration would apply during the same legis-
lative day so as to comply with that rule. The
Chair therefore answers that if the sugar bill
be proceeded with and disposed of it will re-
quire a formal motion to resume the consid-
eration of the joint resolution in regard to
Dominica, as the postponement is, by the
eleventh rule, until to-morrow.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall vote against this
motion, and I shall do it for this reason, among
others : if it be true that there is time to con-
sider both the sugar bill and the resolution in
question before the expiration of the present
session, that is just as true if the Dominican
resolution comes first as if it comes last. Now,
when the question is one of time, as you, sir,
very well know from long experience, there is
nothing more fatal to a measure which mem-
bers of the body oppose for the purpose of
throwing it over than to allow every favorite
thing behind it to come in and be considered
first; whereas there is nothing that advances
and expedites the disposition of a measure
more ihan the fact that other measures are be-
hind biding its event. If, therefore, we are to
be permiued to vote ay or no upon the Domin-
ican resolniion, so ca;ied, wo .shall enjoy that
privilege. I 'hmk, if privilege it be,^ much
earlier"'.!' a few things are reserved which are
of interest to the body and to members of it,
which shall be considered when we are per-
mitted to record this vote. Therefore I shall
vote to hold on to the Dominican resolution,
in the hope that a question so simple as that
