222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
particular preliminary resolution seems to me
to involve may be adjudicated, and that we
may be allowed to record our votes upon it in
season for the honorable Senator from Ohio to
consider this bill, ilie opportunity to consider
which I hope he will not lose.
Mr. SHERMAN. The answer to the observ-
ations of the honorable Senator from New
York is twofold ; first, this bill, in order to
have operation, must take effect on the 1st of
January, when the new tariff law takes effect;
and second, this sugar bill is a House bill; it
requires only the simple vote of the Senate to
make it a law, while the proposition in regard
to San Domingo is a Senate resolution, which,
after it passes the Senate, must receive the
sanction of the House of Representatives to be
effectual and from the condition of the House,
in all human probability, under their rules it
cannot be voted on before the holidays. It
seems to me that on these facts it is palpable
that we should proceed to complete that which
is of present importance and which we may
complete by our simple vote. • I am in favor of
the San Domingo resolution, and am surprised
that any opposition should occur to it now in
the form in which it is presented ; but I do not
think it ought to stand in the way of immediate,
pressing, practical business which ought to be
acted upon before the holidays.
Mr. CONKLINGr. The answer of the hon-
orable Senator would be very complete but
for two considerations. Jn the first place, if
we can pass the San Domingo resolution, con-
taining as it does no appropriation and noth-
ing to carry it to the Committee of the Whole
in the House, there being in the House a pre-
vious question, I see no reason to apprehend
that the members of that body will find diffi-
culty in recording themselves presently upon
such a question as this resoluiion contains.
In the second place, while the San Domingo
resolution is not to go into effect on any par-'
ticular day, as the Senator says the tariff bill
is to go into effect, inasmuch as its whole pur-
pose is to delegate a group of men to go down
into the tropics and make observation, it is
important that they should go diligently and
at once, not only because wc need the inform-
ation, but bocause the expedition, if such I
may call it, cannot start too soon to go to such
a latitude for such a purpose. Therefore I
submit that if we can pass this resolution, and
send it to the other House to-day or to-mor-
row, I believe it will be concurred in there,
and concurred in promptly, and then the meas-
ures for which it provides may go seasonably
forward, in place of being postponed to an
inconvenient season, and the information that
is sought being postponed also when we need
it at once.
Mr. S UMNER. Mr. President, I am incline'd
to think that Senators are not aware of what I
have been told of the business of the House.
There is to be a funeral m the House at two
o'clock to-day.
Mr. CONKLTNG. That is a mistake, the
Senator will allow me to say. It has been
postponed.
Mr. SUMNER. I was told a few moments
ago by a member of the House there was to be;
and besides there is an understanding in the
House, if not a formal order, that there shall
be no vote taken iti the House to-morrow, and
the amnesty bill is to be disposed of to-day. I
think there is no reason to believe that any
action of the Senate on the Dominican reso-
lution to-day would receive the action of the
House before the adjournment. Senators are
well aware that the Dominican resolution will
be debated—(he d<*l:ate has only begun—and
that there arc a gient many amendments which
must be considered and voted on. I merely
mention that by way of information, to enable
Senators todefermmo v/bctherthey will proceed
with the consideration of n practical measure
of legislation of large interest to the country,
and instead take up a measure, as I think will
be demonstrated, pernicious to the country.
Mr. MORTON, Mr. President, the Senator
from Massachusetts never, I believe, loses an
occasion, whatever may be the character of the
question before the Senate, to give us his opin-
ion on the propriety of annexing Dominica.
I do not propose to follow him in that example.
But here is a simple proposition to acquire
information, and, as was remarked by the
Senator from Ohio a moment ago, I think it
ought not to have been opposed by anybody,
and more especially by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. I think we can dispose of it this
afternoon, for I do not believe there can be
ingenuity enough to wear out very much time
in the discussion of this simple resolution, and
I think the Senate will gain time by going on
with it. I believe it can be disposed of before
the Senate adjourns. I for one am disposed to
sit it out, and then the sugar bill, about which
the Senator now expresses a great deal of
interest, can be taken up.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Will the Senator let me
make a suggestion to him ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I beg to suggest to him,
as he has charge of this resolution, that it
ought imperatively to be disposed of to-day
if the Senator from Massachusetts is right. If
there is an agreement in the House by which
no voting is to proceed to-morrow, then I
think those who are in favor of this resolution
are called upon to stay here and sit it out, to
the end that we may get a vote before the time
comes after which no vote is to be taken in the
House.
Mr. MORTON. I trust that we shall sit it
out, and I trust that we shall not permit any
sort of delay to be thrust in the way of the
consideration of it. It is a very simple propo-
sition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered ;
and the Secretary will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Buckingham,
C.tsseily, Diivit, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Har-
ris, Johnston, Kellogg, McCreery, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Patterson, Robertson, Ross.Saulsbury, Sehurz,
Seott, Sherman, Stockton, Sumner, Thnrman, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, and Vickers—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Chandler, Cole,
Conkhng, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Gilbert, Ham-
lin, Howard, Howe, Howell, Lewis, Morton, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy,Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels. Saw-
yer, Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, Warner, Williams,
and Yates—29.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameron,
Carpenter, Cattell, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Harlan, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Rlee, Spencer, Wilfey, Wilson, and Windom—-17.
So the motion of Mr. Sherman was not
agreed to.
MESSAGE FROJI TIIB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clixtox Lloti>, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 2592) to forfeit to the United States
certain lands granted to the Placerville and
Sacramento Valley Railroad Company, to aid
in constructing a railroad from the town of
Folsom to the town of Placerville, in the State
of California; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
REPUBLIC OF DOMINICA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No.- 262) authorizing the appoint-
ment of commissioners in relation to the re-
public of Dominica.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thependingques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Buckingham,] that the joint res-
olution be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations, The Senator from Nebraska
[Mr. Tii'ton] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I have but
little to say on this subject, but I desire to say
that little previous to casting my vote.
I find that on the 9th day of December the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
SujIXEr] introduced a resolution calling upon
the President of the United States for ceitain
information relative to the question of San
Domingo that is now before the Senate. I find
that on the 12th day of December the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
introduced a joint resolution "authorizing the
appointment of commissioners in relation to
the republic of Dominica," and now the mo-
tion before the Senate is that the resolution
of the Senator from Indiana be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations; amotion
which ordinarily, certainly, would be consid-
ered entirely in place.
I am in favor of that reference, first, because
I desire that a resolution of such grave import-
ance as this shall be thoroughly, candidly, and
entirely investigated and reported upon by a
committee so well prepared for its considera-
tion as the Committee on Foreign Relations.
It is the proper place ordinarily* for the reso-
lution to belong for investigation. But it is
argued against this commitment to that com-
mittee that it is merely .a resolution of inquiry,
and consequently such a resolution of inquiry
as in this body is not necessarily at all times
referred to a committee.
Mr. President, I do not understand that sucli
is in any degree the character of this joint res-
olution. An ordinary resolution of inquiry
which would be passed through without a ref-
erence to a committee would be a resolution
calling upon the heads of Departments or upon
the President of the United States for such
information as might be supposed to be within
their possession: and such a resolution ordin-
arily admitted might be acted upon without
being referred to a committee. This resolu-
tion is not of that character at all. It asks
nothing of a head of a Department here, it
in the first place provides for establishing a
commission that shall be empowered to per-
form a certain function ; and in the second
place, it authorizes the President of the United
States to make the appointment of these com-
missioners. In this view of the resolution it
is not by any means such a resolution as would
be indicated by the argument of those who
contend that it may pass through the Senate
and out of the Senate without having the action
of a committee upon it.
In the next place, I desire it referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations in order to
secure the harmony of the Republican parry
upon this floor. It is known to the country
that there has been intense feeling heie on the
subject of the annexation, or a negotiation rel-
ative to the annexation, of a portion of the
island of San Domingo to the United States.
It is also charged in the newspapers of the
country that the feeling has become so intense
that there is an antagonism existing between
members of the Republican party in this Cham-
ber and between the Executive and Senators.
If these chargesare groundless, they are, never-
theless, the popular charges of the day; and
for that reason 1 would not have a presump-
tive argument sustaining a charge of that kind
drawn from the manner in which we here under-
take to treat such a question as this.
Further than that, the public press has
charged distinctly and emphatically that strat-
egy would be used for the purpose, of carrying
thtough legislation upon this Dominican ques-
tion. The public press has said that an ellbrt
vvas commenced, but unsuccessfully, on a por-
tion of the Senators for the purpose of manip-
ulating the Committee on Foreign Relations
in such a manner as to give the ascendency in
that committee to the friends of Dominican
annexation. Now. if we hero refuse to send
this resolution to that very committee that it
is said is under a cloud of distrust on the part
of the friends of this measure—and the charge
is made that, it rests also under a cloud of
distrust as to the Administration—if we here
refuse to permit even a proper resolution to
go to that committee for its examination and
