1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1661
of them I shall account myself the happiest
of mortals. But I am not to be deterred,
while occupying this place, from discharging
my duty, nor shall I take directions from
other gentlemen.
About fifteen years ago—whether rightly
or wrongly I do not say, it was before my
day here ; whether the distinguished gentle-
man from Illinois was a member of Congress
then I do not remember; I do not say he is
personally responsible—Congress passed an
act saying they would build an aqueduct for
the city of Washington. Whether Congress
did right or wrong in undertaking this obliga-
tion 1 do not know. It has involved a very
large expenditure of inoney_, between three
and four million dollars. It is not completed
yet. Last year the Committee on Appropria-
tions went into a thorough investigation of the
whole matter with the aid and cooperation of
the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and sought to put a stop to the enormous ex-
penditure on the aqueduct; and, with the
cooperation and upon the advice of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, they last
year made an appropriation for completing
the aqueduct with the exception of the coping
and covering of the bridges.
Notwithstanding that enactment of last year
there has been an estimate made here for many
hundreds of thousands of dollars to go on en-
larging and amplifying .and deepening reser-
voirs. I have not the footing here, but I think
the total amount is about half a million dol-
lars. The Committee on Appropriations put
thsir foot upon t.hat estimate, and they sub-
mitted to tlie distinguished gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Niblack] this whole matter. He
reviewed it, and the best judgment the gentle-
man from Indiana could offer was what is
embodied in the bill as reported, the commit-
tee having adopted his recommendations.
Upon further examination of the law, I am
prepared to move to strike out all these appro-
priaiions except the first paragraph, and to
hold to the law of last year, which was to com-
plete that aqueduct with the exception of the
coping stone and iron railing, which are pro-
vided for in the first paragraph. I have noth-
ing to say about the mann.eriu which the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have discharged
their duty, in answer to any remarks which
have fallen from gentlemen here to-day. If
the first paragraph is adopted I shall move to
strike out the rest.
Mr. WELKER. I move to amend the par-
agraph which it is proposed shall be stricken
out by striking out "$20,000" and inserting
•'$10,000." i offer this amendment for the
purpose of suggesting to the gentlemen repre-
senting the Committee on Appropriations, as
well as the members of the House generally,
that this appropriation is not actually necessary
to be made now. It is for the purpose of fin-
ishing the bridges along the line of the aque-
duct, and a great part of this sum is to be
expended in putting coping upon the aque-
duct, that is the largest structure connected
with this public improvement and putting a
railing upon the top of that coping. It may
be, Mr. Speaker, that some time or other this
improvement oughtto be finished, but itseems
to me that under the circumstances surround-
ing us now it is not wise to make this appro-
piiation of §20,000 for the purpose of finish-
ing this work. 1 myself made personal inspec-
tion of these bridges and this aqucduct, and
I am perfectly well satisfied that no injury to
these improvements will occur by reason of
not now finishing the putting of this coping
• upon 'these bridges, and upon the aqueduct.
It the work is to be entirely completed, I con-
cede thatitan amount of money perhaps aslarge
as this will be required to finish these public
improvements; but the point I make is that
it is not necessary to do it now, that we can
get along very well without ir, and if we do
not make these improvemeuts, there is no
danger of any damage resulting to this work.
I think, therefore, we ought not to make the
appropriation at this time.
Mr. DAWES. I will state simply that the
estimates for this work were $440,330.
Mr. WELKEJR. That is for the whole aque-
duct improvement.
Mr. DAWES. That is what thejr estimated
for, and we have cut it down to this amount.
Mr. NIBLACK. As the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,J the chairman
of the Committee on Appropiations, has re-
ferred to me in this connection, it is perhaps
proper that I should make a brief statement.
I was on thesub-committee to whom this mat-
ter of the Washington aqueduct was referred
by the Committee on Appropriations, Mr. Kel-
set, of New York, being the other member of
the sub-committee. I perhaps gave more per-
sonal attention to the subject than any other
member of the committee.
General Michler, the acting Commissioner
of Public Buildings, had also until recently
charge of this Washington aqueduct, and the
estimates referred to by the chairman of the
committee were prepared by him and sub-
mitted by the Secretary of the Treasury. Dur-
ing the last fall, however, so many duties had
been imposed upon General Michler by Con-
gress, which made him one of the commission-
ers for the improvement of Pennsylvania ave-
nue, and also required him to perform some
other duties under some of our legislation, by
which his time was much occupied, that the
War Department felt compelled to relieve him
from further duty as superintendent of the
Washington aqueduct, and Major Elliott, the
secretary of the Light-House Board, a very
competent and accomplished officer, was as-
signed to that duty. It will be observed, by
reference to the estimates which are to be
found upon page 196 of the estimates for the
next fiscal year, that it is contemplated that
one of the reservoirs, the large reservoir, shall
be deepened, and that is estimated to cost of
itself $376,115. When Major Elliott, how-
ever, made an examination of that reservoir
he came to the conclusion that there is no
present necessity for deepening it, and that
that estimate for the present year might be
dispensed with, and he revised the estimates as
prepared by General Michler and submitted to
us the items which the Committee on Appro-
priations have reported and which are now
under consideration.
It is a great work ; some of it perhaps was
extravagantly laid out, but that is no fault of
anybody now connected with the aqueduct.
It is approaching completion. The amount
perhaps to be appropriated by this bill is, as
we understand it, to complete it for the pres-
ent. Some enlargement of the reservoir per-
haps after awhile will be made, and some
little changes and occasional repairs, but this
will complete for the present the aqueduct, in-
cluding the coping of certain bridges which the
chairman is willing to dispense with, and which
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Welkeb] seems
to think might be omitted for the present.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do think, after having
given this matter due attention, that we ought
not to strike out this item l'or the coping of
bridges. One of these bridges rests upou the
longest archof the kind in the world, as we are
informed, a stupendous piece of masonry,
more stupendous and more expensive, I think,
than it need to have been, but it has been long
since completed. It is ninety-six feetfromlhe
bottom ot the stream to the top of the bridge
and the bridge is now without coping. It is
one of the most dangerous places of the kind
that I have ever seen. It is not safe to drive
any horse over it however quiet he may be, and
all prudent persons feel compelled to get out
and walk over it leading their animals. Some
time or other this coping must be done. So
dangerous is the condition of the bridge con-
sidered by the present Secretary of War that he
ordered the engineer or the superintendent
or some person connected with the aqueduct
to put up a temporary wood fencing or coping
upon it, but they had no money to do it with
and could not do it.
Mr. COBURN. I would ask my colleague
whether or not the water rents will not do it?
Mr. NIBLACK. I do think that commoa*
prudence and common economy would require
that the work shall be done. Any gentleman
managing his own private affairs, I am sure,
would not hesitate, af ter having done so much,
to do the remainder of this work, and do it
immediately if he could raise funds to do it.
I will content myself with stating further that
I think the estimate submitted by Major Elliott,
under all the circumstances, is both econom-
ical and proper, and Congress, in the exerciso
of a fair and reasonable economy, ought to
grant it.
Now, as to water rents; that is a matter
which has been exacted by the corporation of
the city of Washington, and might be dispensed
with if Congress should see proper.
Mr. WELKER. I want to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] about what
proportion of this appropriation of $20,000
would pay for putting the railing over the
aqueduct proper?
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not know; it would
require much the larger portion of it; I do
not know what amount.
Mr. CO BURN. I move to strike out the last
word for the purpose of asking my colleague
[Mr. Niblack] what is the amount of water
rents annually assessed in this city, if lie has
ascertained what it is; and also if those water
rents would not pay for these repairs ?
Mr. NIBLACK. As I am informed, the
Government does not collect any water rents;
they are collected by the city of Washington
under some arrangement, I do not know what.
Mr. COBUllN. A law of the last session
required that those water rents should be ap-
plied to the improvement and repairs of these
water-works. Has the gentleman ascertained
what is the amount collected as water rents?
Mr. NIBLACK. I have not inquired into
that matter. I have always understood that
heretofore these water rents have been col-
lected under some arrangement by the author-
ities of the city of Washington, and applied to
laying water-pipes, <$e.
Mr. LOGAN. Although the Government
pays for building the aqueduct, the water rents
are collected by the city of Washington, and
appropriated for their own purposes, not for
the benefit of the Government, but for their
own use.
.Air. WELKER. The Government lays the
mains along the avenues and streets, and the
city authorities lay the pipes from the mains
in the streets into the houses, and they claim
on that ground that they are entitled to all the
water rents.
Mr. LOGAN. Pipes that run into their own
houses ?
Mr. WELKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. Exactly.
Mr. COBUltN. It seems to me they should
at least keep their own works iti repair first,
before they lay more pipes.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am inclined to think thai
some legislation is necessary on this subject
of water rents. But that has nothing to do
with completing the aqueduct. This matter
of water rents is another matter, and belongs-
exclu^jvely to the District of Columbia. I have
not inquired into the matter myself.
Mr. COBURN. I withdraw my motion to
strike out the last word.
Mr. WELKER. I must insist on a vote on
tnv motion to strike out "$20,000" and insert
"§10,000."
The amendment moved by Mr. Weleeb was
agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Logan, to strike out the clause as amended :
