1662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
and being taken it was not agreed to, upon a
division—ayes twenty-nine, noes not counted.
Mr. DEGENER. I move to insert after
the paragraph last read the following :
That fchesum of $10,000 be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to defray the ordinary ex-
flenses of the Reform School of the District of C!o-
umbia for they oar ending June 30,1872, be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior; one half of this sum to be refunded by the cities
of Washington and Georgetown and tho county of
Washington, in the proportion of four and one half
for Washington, one for Georgetown, and one half
of one for the county of Washington.
Mr. DAWES. I raise a point of order on
that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
For wideningembankmentsoverconduitand mac-
adamizing roads, $10,000.
For completing gate-houses at distributing reser-
voir, $20,496.
For completing high-service reservoir, $4,000.
For ventilators over conduit, S2.S00.
For fencing reservoirs. $.5,600.
For building oifico at Bock creek bridge, $3,300.
For engineering, superintendence, and repairs for
tho fiscal year ending Juno 30,1872, $20,000.
For completing earthwork and making the slope-
frail of division dam, $20,000.
For completing slope-wall of distributing reser-
voir. 620,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the clauses just
read be stricken out.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to insert in lien
of the clauses just stricken out " for inclosing
Lincoln square with an iron fence, $10,000.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order
on that amendment. There ia no authority
of law for it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
will hear me a moment. 1 was going to ob-
serve that Lincoln square is at the intersection
of Massachusetts, North Carolina, Kentucky,
and Tennessee avenues. If I am not mis-
taken, the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
General Michler, has estimated for its improve-
ment and for putting a fence around it. I do
not speak from any personal examination of
the estimates, but from information which I
deem reliable.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order made by the gentleman from
Massachusetts. There is no authority of law
for the appropriation.
Mr. MAYNARD. My information is that
General Michler has estimated for this.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman state
that this is in the estimates along with the
other items ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I am not able to speak
positively on that point, for I have not the
estimates at hand.
Mr. DAWES. I think the presumption is
that it is in the estimates, for almost every-
thing I ever heard of is there. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I can only speak from
the information 1 have received.
Mr. DAWES. I do not find it in the esti-
mates.
The SPEAKER. At a later stage of the
bill this question can be again raised, if the
item should be found in the estimates.
The Clerk read as follows:
For Rock Island armory and ar.semi I, Itock Island,
Illinois: Continuing the development of water-
power, 3200,000; permanent forging shop, $200,000;
constructing permanent workshop, $200,000; purchas-
ing anil laying pipe, $8,000 ; two blockb of subaltern
ofiicers' quarters, $55,000; macadamizing main ave-
nues and streets, $5,000; tools and machinery re-
quired for new shops nearly completed, $20,000,
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I see in
the paragraph just read an appropriation of
$200,000 for a "permanent forging shop."
i do not believe, sir, that there is on the con-
tinent of America a forging shop costing more
than half the amount provided in the bill for
this building. The next clause of the para-
graph makes an appropriation of $200,000
for a permanent workshop, which seems to
be equally extravagant. I therefore move to
reduce the amount of each appropriation to
$100,000, which I think will be ample.
Mr. HAWLEY. The amendmentproposed
is to reduce the appropriation for the building
of these two shops. In answer to what has
been said by the gentleman from Missouri in
reference to the necessity of these shops, and
as to what may be required to carry on the
work or to complete them, I have to say that
the appropriations contained in this bill are
recommended |by General Rodman, who is in
charge of the work at Rock Island. They are
recommended by General Dyer, the chief of
ordnance, and by the Secretary of War. Rock
Island was visited last summer by General
Dyer, who spent probably more than a week
there in examining the works upon the island.
The works were also examined by the Secre-
tary of War himself, who spent some two or
three days there for no other purpose than to
look into the necessities of the works in course
of construction at Rock Island. Those three
officers, General Rodman, General Dyer, and
the Secretary of War, after this full examina-
tion of the necessities of the case, unite in the
recommendation that Congress shall make
this appropriation. It is included in the book
of estimates, being apart of the regular esti-
mates submitted to Congress.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Under
those estimates what kind of material is in-
tended to be used in the construction of these
buildings?
Mr. HAWLEY. All these shops are being
constructed of the very best stone.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Of Joliet
stone?
Mr. HAWLEY. They are constructed of
Joliet stone, every one of them.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. That is
the cause of the great expense.
Mr. HAWLEY. It may be expensive now
to build them of Joliet stone; but once they
are built of this material they remain.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. How far
is it necessary to bring this stone ?
Mr. HAWLEY. It is brought about one
hundred miles by railroad. There is no other
stone in that section of the country that bears
any comparison to this in point of durability
and general adaptation to building purposes.
General Rodman tested the stone from the Le
Claire quarries, which are the nearest to Rock
Island, and which yield the only stone in that
section at all suitable for such work. One
building, which cost the Government perhaps}
$250,000, was constructed out of Le Claire
stone from the head of the rapids. General
Rodman determined that it was not fit for the
purpose, and he discovered that some parts
of the building he had constructed, or which
was constructed by his predecessor, was crack-
ing or yielding. It did not stand the weather;
it did not stand frost or wet. He determined,
for the purpose of such buildings, he would
procure Joliet stone, which would stand for all
time.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, rose.
The SPEAKER. The debate is exhausted.
Mr. DAWES. Let us have a vote.
The amendment of Mr. McCormick, of Mis-
souri, was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For Alleghany arsenal, Pittsburg, Pennsylvania:
repairs to public builcSngs, grounds, machinery, and
so lorth, $1,500; one half the cost ofgiading, paving,
and curbing on Thirty-ninth and Fortieth streets,
from Butler street to Penn avenue, and on Penn
avenue, between Thirty-ninth and Fortieth streets,
$11,500; under-pinning, and so forth, boundary wall,
$5,700.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
words "and so forth.-''
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
F r Benicia arsenal, Benicia, California: perma-
nent barracksfor enlisted men, and cistern forsame,
$52,8o7; cistern for new office, $2,857; brick reser-
voir. $14,286; guard-house and fire-engine house,
$11,429; grading and impr-oving arsenal grounds,
$5,000; repairs of public buildings and machinery,
and so forth, $1,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out the
words "and so forth."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For Columbus arsenal, Columbus, Ohio: eisterna
and wells, $1,000; grading grounds, making roads,
drains, and so forth, $5,000; repairs to buildings,
$1,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
words "and so forth."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For Charleston arsenal, Charleston, South Caro-
lina: repairs of officers' Quarters, enlisted men's
barracks, and other public buildings, grounds,
fences, drains, and so forth, $5,000.
For Detroit arsenal, Dearbornvillo, Michigan:
repairs to public buildings, grounds, and so forth,
$5,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
words "and so forth " in these paragraphs,
and wherever else they may occur in the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For Vancouver arsenal,Vancouver's Island, Wash-
ington Territory: repairs to public buildings and
grounds, 61,000.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I move to strike
out the words "Vancouver's Island." I pre 
same the Committee on Appropriations fol-
lowed the estimates which came from the
Department. Vancouver's Island is in Brit-
ish Columbia, and I do not suppose that the
House wishes to establish an arsenal in the
British dominions.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned
Lands:
Forcollection and payment of bounty, prize-money,
and other legitimate claims of colored soldiers and
sailors, namely: for salaries of agents and clerks;
rents of offices, fuel, and lights; stationery and print-
ing; office furniture and repairs; mileage and trans-
portation of officers and agents; telegraphing and
postage, $187,000.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to strike out that
paragraph. I am getting pretty nearly tired,
Mr. Speaker, of voting supplies for this in-
fernal Freedmen'a Bureau. This is the most
extraordinary, and, if I may so characterize it,
the most outrageous proposition I have seen
in reference to this bureau. An appropriation
is asked—
For collection and payment of bounty, prize-
money, and other legitimate claims of colored
soldiers and sailors, namely: for salaries of agents,
and clerks, &c.
Now, if the House will look at the book of
estimates, they will find that of this sum pro-
posed to be appropriated in this paragraph,
$120,000 is for salaries of agents and clerks
alone. Rents of offices, fuel and lights are
$25,000; and so on. Now, I inquire of the
gentleman who has charge of this bill, what
is this for? The language is certainly very
indefinite. It is said to be—
For collection and payment of bounty, prize-
money, and other legitimate #laims of colored
soldiers and sailors.
Collection from whom? Where? These, as
I understand, are appropriations for the ben-
efit of these persons named, now in the hands
of the Government. And yet we propose to
pay $187,500 for collecting this money—col-
lecting it of the Government, and placing it
in the hands of the Freedmen's Bureau, in
the hands of General Howard, he receiving it
from the Government, and charging this enorm-
ous sum for taking possession, and holding
possession of that money, and the large pro-
portion of it, as I understand, remaining in
his hands for a year or more. His last report
shows that he had $1,250,991 25 on hand.
How long he is to hold it-we certainly cannot
tell. But in the report made by the minority
