1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
a member of the Republican party; nor
favor been shown to any man simply because
he was a Republican. It is certainly a mistake.
For over a year I have been a member of that
committee; there are other members of the
committee here who can speak for themselves;
and I say it here for the committee that it is
certainly a mistake when the Senator states
that gentlemen are relieved simply because
they belong to the Republican party.
I did not propose to enter into this discus-
sion, but to correct this, which I regard as a
very grave error, one that does great injustice
to the Republicans of this body and of both
branches of Congress.'
Mr. LEWIS. I will simply say that I have
never brought forward a bill and urged the
removal of the disabilities of any one because
he belonged to any political party except upon
one occasion, and I have asked the relief of
ten Democrats where I have asked the relief
of one Republican. I now withdraw this bill,
though I want to get it through. I hope to
get it up to-morrow. It is very important.
Mr. MORTON. I call for the regular order.
annexation ob dominica.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
Tesumes the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 2G2) authorizing the appoint-
ment of commissioners in relation to the repub-
lic of Dominica.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, there are
executive messages that have come within a
few moments from the President of the United
States, on which it is important, on one of
them at least, that there shall be action at
once. I therefore move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. MORTON. I hope not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Delaware, who is entitled to the
floor, yield to the Senator from Massachusetts?
Mr. BAYARD. For the purpose of making
that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, when I was
interrupted by the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Lewis] I was commenting upon the fact that
if the usual and orderly process of the business
of this body, as I understand it, had been fol-
lowed out in relation to these two resolutions,
the probability is the sesond might be found
entirely unnecessary, the chief objects of it
being covered by the language of the resolu-
tion first introduced by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts f but, for some reason or other, it
has pleased the majority of the Senate to give
it undue precedence. A motion, and the cus-
tomary one of reference, has been made that it
may be passed upon by the appropriate com-
mittee ; and to that thsre seems to be opposi-
tion. I am unable to see any reason why the
usual motion to refer should not prevail, but,
on the contrary, I can scarcely imagine a case
in which greater necessity for such a reference
could exist..
This has been termed a resolution of inquiry.
That is only a part of the truth. It is not the
simple reference to an officer of the Govern-
ment in one of the Departments for informa-
tion of record and at his hand. It passes far
beyond it, and is coupled with provisions that
take from it entirely the character of a reso-
lution of inquiry, and make jt nothing less
than a preliminary for a treaty of annexation of
foreign territory. It is a resolution appointing
three embassadors. I care not if it is sought to
disguise their real character by terming them
"commissioners." They are embassadors, and
you give them a clerk who i3 really a secre-
tary of the legation. This is the substance of
this resolution. These three commissioners, so
called, have the duties of embassadors, with
many unusual and laborious duties superitn-
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 15.
posed upon them. These duties are prelim-
inary to what? To the annexation of a foreign
and distant island; and included in that is not
the mere matter of a political treaty with the
authorities of that distant country, but they are
asked, in effect, to take a census, to compile a
most elaborate statement of statistics, to do
that which in our own country, with all the
machinery which our laws and our constant
experience in such matters have enabled us to
accomplish with so much greater facility, yet
occupies in the mere collection of material
many months, and in the proper digestion and
preparation of that material for anything like
practical usefulness perhaps years. Such has
been the history of every census taken in the
United States; and we were told here six
months ago that all that had hitherto been
taken had been too incomplete for the pur-
poses of scientific knowledge of the country's'
business. How, then, can it be expected that
these three strangers in a semi-civilized coun-
try, deprived of all reliable means of obtaining
knowledge, can in a brief period prepare even
a tithe of the multifarious information called
for by this remarkably worded resolution?
Sir, my objection in limine to this proposi-
tionis, that without the usual and proper exam-
ination by an appropriate committee it is pro-
posed that we should embark the Government
of the United States upon the vast and track-
less sea of imperialism, to change it into an im-
perial Government of outlying and distant de-
pendencies with a foreign population, strangers
to us in race, in blood, in customs, in all their
systems, political, social, moral, and religious.
In so important a departure as this resolu-
tion proposes baste is not only unwise, but, in
my opinion, grossly indecorous. Already this
measure has been proposed in due form to the
Department appointed by our Constitution of
Government for its consideration, and it has
been rejected. The fact has been adverted to
in debate and is known to the country that this
treaty—I care not now to consider how regu-
larly or irregularly it was negotiated—has been
proposed to the Senate of the United States,
and, after a long, patient, and able discussion,
has been positively rejected.
The resolution looks to the incorporation
within our political system and family of
States of part of an island now held by a semi-
barbarous race, the descendants of African
slaves, whoseattempts at self-government, con-
tinued for upward of half a century, have
been but a series of blood-stained failures;
whose populations have dwindled away to a
mere fraction of their former number in in-
ternecine strife and moral and physical degra-
dation. Their institutions are mere mocke-
ries, bloody travesties of political government,
and to them the presence of a strong-handed
and just-minded white ruler would be the
greatest blessing that Heaven could bestow.
I will not at this time enlarge upon the results
of this departure from our former practice and
theory. Ours is a Government of States united
for mutual protection against forces from with-
out, whose Constitution was ordained, accord-
ing to its own preamble—
"In order to form a more perfect Union, establish
justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the
common defense, promote the general welfare, and
securc the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our
posterity."
These were the objects which induced the
several States that constituted the confeder-
ated Republic of the American Union to yield
up a portion of their State sovereignty for the
purpose of forming a union among themselves.
Our Union was a sisterhood of neighboring
States, and we had natural boundaries. One
of these is the Atlantic ocean. Are the people
of America prepared to disregard every tradi-
tion of their Government? Are the people
of America prepared to embark upon this
imperial system of which I have spoken, to
forsake the ancient landmarks and guides of
our nation's history?
It may be that to some men in this country
the voice of him who was justly called the
Father of his Country may yet have influence;
and on this subject we have in his great legacy
to the American people of his affection and-wis-
dom commentaries upon propositions sounding
very much like the one now before the Senate.
Washington in his ^Farewell Address warned
the American people that— '
" The great rule of conduct for us, in regard to
foreign nations, is, in extending our commercial
relations, to have with them as little political con-
nection as possible."
Again, he says:
" Our detached and distant situation invites and
enables us to pursue a diitcrent course. If we remain
one people, under an efficient Government, the p eriod
is not far off whonwe may defy material injury from
external annoyance." * * * * "Why
forego the advantages of so peculiar a situation?
Why quit our own to stand upon foreign ground?"
* * * * "It is ourtrue polioytosteerclear
of permanent alliance with any portion of the for-
eign world."
It may be said that he at that time directed
his thoughts particularly to political alliances
with either England or France, in whose affairs
we were invited to mingle; but the principle
that he there stated was true for all time ; and-
no words can come with stronger -significance
and more effect to the ears of his fellow-coun-
trymen than that potent question, "Why quit
our own to stand upon foreign ground ?"
Why, sir, every man must see that the acqui-
sition of a portion, and that the moat distant
portion, of the island of San Domingo will
inevitably lead to the acquisition ,of the re-
mainder of that island, and then, finally, of the
circumjacent islands, those lying between the
United States and the Bay of Samana. This
spirit of greed, this land-robbing spirit of the
Norman, which we have expanded under Dem-
ocratic institutions, will crave all that surrounds
this island, and the entire group of the West
India islands will finally be absorbed by the
American Government. At the cost of what
losses by war, at what cost of death by climate,
of public treasure, of demoralization to our
people, who shall say? And yet who can doubt
that complications of a military character, in-
volving all the evils that I have suggested and
far more, must necessarily ensue from the
embarkation upon this unscrupulous course
of empire?
One thing I-do see so plainly that I cannot
imagine how any other man, however hope-
ful he may be of other benefit that may arise
from the acquisition of this territory, can doubt
that such a scheme of empire, if indulged in,
will destroy our republican system of govern-
ment. The population of this island, or of
these islands, can never be governed by a con-
stitutional Government like_ ours, They are
utterly unfitted for it, permanently, naturally
disqualified-for it; and another Government
unknown to our system of laws must be framed
to bring anything like peace or order or secur-
ity to life or property among them. Sir, we
are unable, the fiat of nature has declared
that we are unable, to elevate such a race as
inhabit that island to the level of our own.
If a level is to be achieved at all it will only
be by dragging ns down, and not by bringing
them up:
"We to herd with narrow foreheads, vacant of our
glorious gains
Like a beast with lower pleasures; like a beast with
lower pains?"
Sir, the idea is repellant to every man who
values the institutions of this country and who
recognizes the great difficulty in our own land
of sustaining sufficient virtue in the public
mind or intelligence throughout the country to
maintain the institutions of government that
have descended to us.
And yet, sir, wc find this matter of grave
importance pressed with haste, with hot haste,
with unusual haste, in disregard of tha common
procedure of business in thisbody. This ques-
tion, the importance of which was never ex-
ceeded, in my opinion, by any before the Con-
gress of the United States, has never been made
an issue before the people. If it is to be pressed
