1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1051
far as I know, this bill is not offensive to any
citizen of Washington. I have not heard, a
word ol objection to it from any individual.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
eoy in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ore-
gon, [Mr. Corbett,] to insert the word
1 national" before the word " bank."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON. In line ten, section one,
I move to strike out the words "Washington
city" before the word "dime," and after the
words " bjink of" to insert the words " Wash-
ington, in ;" so as to read:
Declared to be a body politic and corporate, by
the name and style of the Dime Savings-Bank of
"Washington, in tbe District of Columbia.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. The subject of savings--
banks is one that appeals to the most benevo-
lent emotions of our nature; and yet it un-
doubtedly has proved in practice very difficult
so to regulate it as to protect it against abuses
to the detriment of the people, generally poor
and frequently uninformed, who deposit their
money in these institutions. I think every one
who possesses any practical knowledge on the
subject will agree that these bills cannot be
too carefully guarded. I do not say that they
should be so guarded as to render them prac-
tically inoperative; but all reasonable guaran-
ties slionki be thrown about them so that the
poor people who deposit their money will not
have cause to rue their misplaced confidence.
Now I find in section four, at the top of page
8, of this bill a provision which seems to me,
at first Sight at least, extremely objectionable.
It is a provision that the.funds deposited in
tins bank " may be invested in the stock of
liny bank incorporated by Congress, or may
be loaned on interest to any such bank, or
may be loaned on bonds or notes with collat-
eral security on the stock of such banks at not
more than ninety per cent, of its par value."
The portion of the provision that I partic-
ularly except to is that which provides for
investing the funds of this institution iu the
stock ot the banks incorporated by Congress,
or lending them on interest to auy sueh batiks.
1 oo not know what liability is imposed upon
the national batiks of the country with respect
to their stockholders. I 'suppose the stock-
holders in those banks are subjected to certain
liabilities.
Mr. CORBETT. They are liable to double
the amount of their stock.
Mr. CASSERLY. Precisely. Now, is it
desirable that this bank should be subjected
to that liability? I think'not. In the nest
place, why should the funds of a savings-bank
be loaned upon interest to a general hank?
What are we to think of the solvency of such I
an institution that borrows money upon inter- 1
est? It seems to me, in every point of view, j
thai that also is a dangerous and objectionable j
.provision. I
1 ask the attention of my friend, the Sen- j
ator from New Hampshire,.who has charge j
of this bill, to the views which I have ex- j
pressed. 1 trust he will agree with me as to j
the propriety of stiiking out that part of the I
bill beginning with the word "invested," in
line four, page 3, and ending with and includ-
ing the word "bank," in line six.
Mr. CORBETT. I suppose the object of
that provision may be—I do not know posi-
tively that it is—in order to give the power to
the directors of this savings-bank to loan small
sums of money, as they are collecting the
money together, until such time as they can
loan it upon bond and mortgage with proper
security. Sometimes money is lying idle for
sotne little time. Perhaps there should be
some limitation as to the amount loaned to
sueh corporations ; but still 1 think it is a pro-
vision that peibaps ought to be made.
Mr. HAMIL'ION, of Maryland. I agree
with the honorable Senator from California
[Mr. Casserly] in his views upon this propo-
sition. Here we undertake to say that a na-
tional bank shall borrow money. They ought
not to be permitted to borrow at all. No bank
ought to be permitted to borrow. We ought
not to countenance it in auy way. If they have
power to borrow money we ought to stop it.
They are lenders of money and not borrowers
of money; and it is against all proper princi-
ples of banking that a bank should borrow
money from the citizen. It is expected that
the bank should lend money to the citizen,
and not undertake to become a broker iu the
market as between citizen and citizen. There-
fore this provision ought to be stricken out as
against all the principles of proper and just
banking.
, Mr. PATTERSON. 1 see no objection what-
ever to the bill as it stands in this particular.
I see no reason why this savings-bank should
not loan its money to other banks any more
than to individuals. I see no risks that are
run on the part of the depositors in the bank
by sueh a provision. If the gentleman from
Maryland expects that we are going to reor-
ganize and reform the whole banking system
of the country on this little bill he will lay ft
heavy task oil the Senate this morning. Ttiere
is nothing unusual in this, and I see nothing
that is dangerous to the depositor or to the
institution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Our national
banks are all required to keep a certain por-
tion of their funds on deposit in other banks.
This provision in this bill, practically, I am
sure will not lead to any practice that will be
offensive to the Senator from California. I
suppose, if well managed, and I have no doubt
it will be, as the men engaged in it are entitled
to our confidence, that they will keep as much
of their deposits on hand oil interest as pos-
sible. It may often occur that they may not
be able to loan all their funds to private appli-
cants, and yet they may desire to keep the
whole amount of their deposits on hand draw-
ing sotne interest, even a low rate of interest;
and therefore auy excess of what they may
have on hand over what they can loan to pri-
vate individuals on the requisite security, it is
exceedingly proper it should be within their
power to loan to other banks where they can
call for it on demand.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not think that the
small amount of interest which may be gained
by loaning small sums of money from time to
time to these banks, as suggested by the Sen-
ator from Oregon, would be any compensa-
tion whatever for the risks; nor is there any
restriction of that kind in the bill. I shall not
detain the Senate arguing this question. 1
supposed that the proposition which 1 had
presented was so just as to recommend itself
at once to every Senator. I am not aware
that, there is any precedent for this sort of
legislation on the subject of savings-banks.
I think we have no sueh practice, on the
Pacific coast at least. Sir, the result of all j
this is quite manifest. This savings-bank j
will become the tender of some bank here j
in this city, which will be borrowing its funds ;
at a reduced rate of interest and loaning them >
out at an increased rate of interest, and the |
depositors of .the savings-banks will run all j
the risk and receive at the most but a share ;
of the profits. I
Mr. COliBETT. I will say that this pro-
vision only proposes to allow this bank to do
what is done in California and almost every
other State. The private bankers of Califor-
nia pay interest to these savings-institutions.
The savings-institutions loan their money to
private corporations and private individuals
until they can find a safe and secure invest-
ment in other ways, it is only in that wuy
that they can afford to pay the interest upon
deposits, that savings-institutions pay in that
country. Now I will state 
Mr. CASSERLY. Before my friend leaves
that part of the subject, allow me to ask him
one question. I should like him to name a
private banker m California who pays inter-
est on deposits. I should like him to name
one savings-bank in California that loans its
money to a private or public bank on interest
or without interest.
Mr. CORBET!'. I do not know that it is
necessary for me to name the banks. I sup-
pose my word is sufficient if I say that 1 know
it to be the case.
Mr. CASSERLY. I never heard of any
such case, and I have lived iu California since
the institution of savings-banks there, and 1
think I know as much as anybody can well
know about the mode of doing business by
those banks, and by the other banks referred
to by the Senator as borrowing money of the
savings-banks and paying interest for it. I
can say that I never heard of any bank in San
Francisco, for instance, paying interest on its
deposits, except the savings-banks. They do
pay interest on deposits; but the private bank-
ers of whom the gentleman speaks, or the pub-
lic banks, so far as I am aware, have never
paid interest on ordinary deposits. They do
pay interest sometimes upon special deposits,
but upon ordinary deposits I never heard of it.
Mr. CORBETT. This does not provide for
an ordinary deposit from day to day. Any
national bank may require this savings-bank
to deposit the money for thirty, sixty, or ninety
days, agreeing to pay them interest if they will
keep it on deposit that length of time.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will my friend allow 
Mr. CORBETT. I hope the Senator will
alloc/ me to finish my sentence.
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. CORBETf. The banks in California
do pay mteiest on deposits from other banks
where they are left for ninety days. I know
that propositions have been made to banks m
the State of Oiegon that if they would allow
deposits to remain ninety days a certain rate
of interest would be paid. That is my answer
to that portion of the Senator's remarks.
I was going to suggest further that as the
bill is now amended this power of loaning to
hanks is limited to the national banks. The
national banks are required by the Govern-
ment to make reports of their condition at any
past day that may be named; consequently
that keeps them within a certain sphere, and
keeps them tiom loaning too large an amount
of money, because they have got to exhibit to
the Government their condition at any day
previous to the time they are called upon.
Therefore the guard upon the national banks
is much greater than upon any other banks.
Besides, the stockholders are liable for such
amount of stock as they hold iu those banks.
That is an additional security. I think, there-
fore, that the bill, as now amended, affords a
greater security for the money being deposited
in this way than in almost any other except
upon bond and mortgage, and I think they
ought to have this privilege.
Mr. VICUERS. In order to obviate the
difficulty suggested by my colleague, I move
an amendment, to come in after the. word
"bank," in the sixth line of the fourth sec-
tion.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from Mary-
land will allow me, I understood that I moved
my amendment to strike out. The amend-
ment that 1 offer is to strike out from the
words "may be," in line four on page 3,
down to and including the words "may be,"
in line six on the same page.
The PRESIDING OFFICES. The first
question will be on tbe amendment offered by
the Senator from California, [Mr. Casseuly.]
Mr. PATTERSON. I hope that amend-
ment will not be agreed to. 1 think that the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Maryland will meet the difficulty and ought to
satisiy my friend from California.
Mr. YlCKERS. is it in otuer to amend
