1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1663
of the committee we get some information as
to this, which I ask the Clerk to read. And I
want him to read it loud enough, so that those
who are not in favor of the bureau may hear it.
The Clerk read as follows :
The grossest and most unpardonable frauds, per-
petrated through and by the officers of the bureau,
are known all over the country as the bounty-claim
frauds. Abundant testimony was offered to show
the extent, character, and complicity of bureau
officers in these. The practice is for these agents to
buy up, or procure in some way, from the poor col-
ored soldier a transfer of his claim to themselves,
and then to pay themselves, from the public funds
in their possession, the full amount of the claims.
Howard had procured the passage of the act which
allows him to keep possession of the amounts
necessary to meet such claims,which he calls his
retained bounty fund. To show the enormous
amounts thus obtained Uyhim we refer to his official
statement, produced before the Committee on Ref-
ugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands of the
House of Representatives, in March, 1870:
jBounty account.
Amount received from bounties, prize-moneys, &c..
March, 1870 $8,097,980 89
Amount paid to March 1,1870  6,840,989 64
Balance on hand March 1,1870 $1,256,991 25
Thus it is seen that over one and a quarter mil-
lion dollars remain in the hands of Howard on this
account alone. Whether it is in safe-keeping or not
may be judged by the evidence already referred to,
which no unprejudiced or disinterested mind can bo
long in determining.
About thirty thousand of these colored men are
missing, or who have not made application, and in
almost all cases from one to two y ears elapse between
tho application and the final decision of the bureau
whether the papers weie regular and the claimant
entitled to the pay. Thus, between the absence of
claimants and the delays interposed by Howard and
his officers, this enormous sum may remain in his
hands for an unlimited period.
That these frauds have been practiced upon the
freedinen to an alarming extent, there is no doubt.
It is in evidence that General Howard confessed to
General Boynton that he (Howard) knew that such
frauds had been practiced by certain persons in Ken-
tucky. General Burbridge, of Kentucky, was called
as a witness, who testified that he had written How-
ard, and had received an answer from him on the
subject of buying up claims. It was then proposed
to prove by the witness that such frauds had been
practiced, and that officers of high position in the
Freedmen's Bureau were parties to such frauds ;
that they were perpetrated through the bureau,
witli the knowledge of Howard; but the majority
refused to allow the witness to be interrogated in
reference to these frauds.
Mr. ELDRIDGE rose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish merely to add
that the whole amount proposed to be appro-
priated here under this head is $265,500.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations a
question. This appropriation is :
For collection and payment of bounty, prize-
money, and other legitimate claims of colored sol-
diers and sailors.
I desire to know whether this money is to
be paid for collecting this money. If this is
the object, I think the paragraph should be
stricken out. If the money we are now asked
to vote is to go to those people, I have no ob-
jection to their getting it; but I do not see,
as these people have an average amount of
intelligence, why we should appropriate this
large sum of money to agents to collect for
them what they are entitled to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
allow me, 1 will say that we are asked to make
this appropriation to collect money from the
Government and place it in the hands of offi-
cers of the Government who shall again pay
it to these people. It is a complete absurdity.
Mr. CULLOM. I was addressing my in-
quiry to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr, DAWES. I will state to the gentle-
man that the Freedmen's Bureau has its ori-
gin in the fact that it has become necessary to
take care of the three or four million people
whom we have held in bondage, and from
■whom we have taken without compensation,
and appropriated to ourselves, all their time
and all their earnings, and have taken from
them also all their opportunities of taking care
of themselves or of learning how to take care
of themselves. The necessities of the Gov-
ernment compelled us to let go our hold upon
them, and they went forth into the land help-
less and unable to take care of themselves in
a great measure, in consequence of the fact
that we had taken their time, their money, and
their opportunity to learn how to take care of
themselves. Several hundred thousand of
these people went into our Army and fought
our battles. We promised them bounty, we
promised them pensions, we promised their
widows and dependent children pensions.
Theydo not know how to get them, and the
land is full of claim agents ready to grasp up
these things and gather them together and
impose upon those they can impose upon, and
practice frauds upon them ; so that the Gov-
ernment thought it was due to this class of
persons to protect them against such agencies
and such practices. They thought that it was
no more than fair to see to it that these people
got what was their due, and in order to do that
under the Freedmen's Bureau, they employed
clerks to do for them justice and right.
Mr. McNEELY. Does not the gentleman
know that these same clerks and bureau offi-
cers are practicing the very frauds which he
speaks of?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I have tried in
vain this morning to occupy the floor. The
moment I take it, without any protection to
me from the Chair, other persons put their
speeches into mine.
The SPEAKER. The Chair considered that
the gentleman from Massachusetts was amply
able to protect himself. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I say in pursuance of this
just and righteous policy demanded of the
Government they have employed clerks to do
the work for those poor, ignorant people, be-
cause if they are turned loose, then the army
of claim agents will get hold of them and
they will be stripped of that which is their due.
It is to pay the expenses of these clerks that this
appropriation is made. It is necessary if you
will take care of the men who fought our bat-
tles, if you will take care of these people who
are poor and helpless and exposed to this plun-
der, because we have taken their wages, and
taken their time, and taken their opportunity,
and turned them out loose and helpless upon
the land. It would be an outrage upon them
to open upon them this army of claim agents
to plunder them. The charge that General
Howard has got this money and has used it
for improper purposes has been sufficiently
refuted and condemned by the enlightened
testimony and judgment of a committee of
this House, and I take no time in refuting
that charge. The object of the appropriation
is what I have stated.
Mr. MOORE of Illinois. I move to strike
out the last word. I desire to say, in refer-
ence to this matter, that no amount of money
which has been spent by the Government in
behalf of this suffering people ha8 ever met
with my disapproval., I think that the people
have not exhibited any too great an amount
of benevolence toward them; but, sir, I in-
sist upon it that the very persons provided for
in this bill have the average intelligence of the
soldiers of the Army. They are soldiers and
sailors that served the country during the war;
they are not an ignorant class of men.
Mr. HOAR. Can they read and write ?
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. The majority of
them can read and write.
Mr. ARNELL. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken.
Mr. MOORE, oflllinois. Very well. Now,
sir, it is very well known that a most rigid sys-
tem, regulating and controlling the conduct of
claim agents, to prevent them from swindling
the white soldiers, has been resorted to, and I
cannot for the life of me see why the Pension
Bureau could not look after the interests of
these persons without the appropriation of this
large sum of money for an additional set of
claim agents. Human nature is perverse every-
where, and they will take the opportunity to
skin these men. I have no more confidence
in this outside arrangement for the protection
of these colored men than I have in the integ-
rity of_ the Pension Bureau. Under proper
regulations the money can be safely taken out
of that bureau for negroes or ignorant white
men, if the bureau is faithful in the discharge
of its duties.
Mr. McNEELY. I fully concur in much
that has been said by my colleague who has
just spoken, and I think that the Pension
Bureau, under proper regulations, can make
this payment much better than it can be made
through the Freedmen's Bureau. This Freed-
men's Bureau, for the payment of these boun-
ties, has agents all through the South. It is
known by every gentleman here from the South
that frauds are constantly being perpetrated
on these colored soldiers. And it is for the
reason that I want to protect them, so that they
may get their dues, that I oppose this clause.
I am in favor of placing the payment of the
bounties and pensions of these colored soldiers
within the charge of the Pension Bureau.
When the Committee on Education and
Labor was investigating the charges against
General Howard, Mr. Wood proposed to prove
by General Burbridge of Kentucky that the
officers of the Freedmen's Bureau were impli-
cated in these frauds. Mr. Wool) proposed,
if he could be allowed to present the testi-
mony, to show that General Howard himself
was cognizant of these frauds. When that
offer was made the majority of the committee
ruled that he should first prove that General
Howard was informed of the frauds before
he should be permitted to prove that the
frauds existed. I offered an amendment to
the proposition of the majority, in the words
" That Mr. Wood be at liberty to prove the fact
he has stated; " that is, that General ltunkle,
who was one of the officers of the bureau, as
well as others, were implicated in these frauds,
and that General Howard knew of the frauds;
and "that then he, [Mr. Wood,] be at liberty
to prove that it came to the knowledge of
General Howard." My amendment was re-
jected, ayes 2, noes 4; Mr. Rogers of Ark-
ansas and myself being the two. So we were
prevented from proving this allegation by
showing a fact which I insist existed, and
which the people of the South know exists,
that these Freedmen's Bureau agents have
covered that whole country all over like a
cloud, persuading the negro that he must trust
them and nobody else, thus enabling them to
commit these frauds with impunity while'pre-
tending to be friend the negro claimants. By
being distant from the capital and away from
the seat of Government, they could commit
these frauds without their being proven and
brought to light by the proper authorities here
at Washington. But the minority of the com-
mittee were not permitted to prove those facts.
I know it will be claimed upon the other side
that it has been proven before a commission
that these frauds have not been perpetrated by
bureau officers. But by looking at the House
Executive Document No. 241, of the second
session of this Congress, you will find that the
chairman of that commission which undertook
to exculpate the Freedmen's Bureau was this
very General Runkle, who is charged with hav-
ing been implicated in the frauds themselves.
Now, I say that we ought to place the pay-
ment of the bounties and prize-money due to
colored soldiers and sailors under the charge
of the Pension Bureau, where they would be
more honestly paid. This $1,250,000 now in
the hands of the Freedmen's Bureau should
be taken away from its control.
Now, let me state another fact, that these
freedmen's savings-banks scattered all over
the South are the agents through which these
bounties are being paid. And when the negroes
come to them and call for their bounties, they
are persuaded to let the money due them re-
