1052
Jfffi CON&KfiSSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
the part of the section proposed to be stricken
out? .. . •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. VICKERS: I move to insert after the
word " bank," in the feixth line on the third
page, the words " preference being given to
individual applicants," so that this bank may
loan its money 'to the national, banks, but
preference shall be first given ,to individual
applicants. I think the Senator from New
Hampshire will accept tha| amendments.
The amendment was agreed to.
■ Itfr.' CASSERLY. Now, my amendment is
to strike out the portion of the bill previously
named by me, carrying with it the amendment
of the Senator from Maryland.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California moves to amend the bill
in section four, line four, by striking out the
following words:
Invested in the stock of any bank incorporated by
Congress, or may be loaned on interest to any such
bank, preference being given to individual appli-
cants or may be.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to state that if
my amendment prevails the object of the
Senator from Maryland will be carried.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the committee to oue
consideration—it may have been remarked
on, but I have not heard it—that the clause
proposed to be stricken out gives to this cor-
poration power to invest in the stock of any
bank incorporated by Congress.
Mr. PATTERSON. That is the point
under consideration.
Mr. THURMAN. That power is given them.
Now, as I understand, there is no stock to
be paid in to this savings-bank. It is simply
an institution authorized to receive deposits,
and it invests its deposits in su.ch wise as will
produce interest. If it invests its deposits in
bank stock and is bound, as a subsequent
part of the bill provides, to pay its depositors
in sixty days where they make a deposit, under
a bond of forfeiture, and if in point of fact
there is no limitation upon the right of depos-
itors to demand their deposits at any time,
in what condition will this institution be to
comply with its duty of paying depositors, if
even one half of its money shall be invested in
the stock of banks ? Must it not then go into
the market and sell its stock? Do you not
make it thereby a dealer in the stocks of the
banks ol the District ? Do you not injure the
market for those stocks? if there is a run
upon this institution for its deposits, must it
not sell its stock invested in the banks of the
District? It seems to me that practically this
provision might work out very badly, if I com-
prehend the bill. I think this provision had
better be stricken out.
I also concur 111 the opinion expressed by
other Senators, that it is not a good example
to make the banks of this District the borrow-
ers of this money. Banks ought to be lenders
of money, and not borrowers. If I am right
in my view of the first clause, it seems to me
it ought plainly to be stricken out, and I think
it is best that the last clause should also be
stricken out, because, as I said, I do not think
that banks ought to be borrowers of money.
Mr. CORBETT. Unless this bankisallowed
to loan its money in this way it will be obliged
to reduce the rate of interest upon its deposits.
It cannot allow the same amount of interest
for deposits as it could if it had the right to
loan to banks until it could secure a sufficient
amount of money to find profitable invest-
ments on real estate and mortgage. If it is
invested in bank stock, or loaned to a bank
with the stock as collateral, or to individuals,
the bank can realize quicker upon that than
it could upon notes and mortgages if it was
called upon for the deposits.
Mr. THURMAN. Why, Mr. President, will
my friend from Oregon say that any bank would
pay the same rate of interest on money loaned
by this institution that an individual under the
laws of this District would pay ? An individ-
ual might contract under our law of the last
session to pay ten per cent. Is there any bank
in this District that would agree to pay ten per
cent.? If there is it ought to be wound up
to-morrow.
Mr. CORBETT. Of course not. The object
of this provision, as I understand, is that this
bank may loan money for a small rate of ih:
terest until it can find a private individual who
will give good security and borrow the money
upon real estate or mortgage; and unless they
have that privilege they will be deprived of
receiving a small rate of interest during the
time their money is waiting for profitable
investment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I know hot why the Sen-,
ator from Oregon should say that this bank is
prohibited from loaning its money by this prop-
osition. If it were prohibited from loaning
its money by any proposition made here that
would be a very strong argument against it;
but all that I contend for, and all that has been
contended for by any one who has sought to
amend this bill, is that it shall not be allowed
to lend this money in two of several specified
ways; and there are five other modes provided
in the bill in which the money of the bank
may be loaned or invested profitably, and, as I
think, with far greater security than in either
of the modes which 1 have sought to reach by
my amendment. I think gentlemen do not
always reflect that when they charter a bank
of this kind for the use of the poor—its name
as a dime bank shows that—we are holding
it out to them as a stable, solvent, accredited
institution. We may say, of course, with per-
fect truth, that that is not the just construction
of our act; that it is not the natural effect of
our legislation ; but with that class of people
it is the natural effect of our legislation. They
see a bank chartered by Congress, and the
names of the men who are the managers of
the bank inserted in the act, doubtless persons
of respectability. The trouble will be, as in
every ease of the same kind, that they will
leave the management of the bank to one or
two persons who may be of much less respect-
ability than themselves." I say, sir, that when
you pass such a bill as that and spread it before
the public, and these poor people are told what
you have done, they will consider this a Gov-
ernment institution to all intents and purposes,
and thousands of dollars will be deposited in
this bank which otherwise would never reach
it. 1 ask for a vote on the amendment which
I have offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
California.
The question being put; it was declared that
the noes appeared to hav6 it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I must ask for a division.
The impression on this side of the Chamber is
that the ayes had it.
The question being again put, the ayes were
twelve.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California demand a further
count?
Mr. CASSERLY. If I should call for a vote
on the other side it would show that there was
no quorum present, and so I shall not persist.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is not agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to amend the bill
by inserting in line six of section four, before
the word "bank," the word "solvent." I
presume there will be no objection to that.
Mr. POMEROY. Of course there will be no
objection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Its title was amended so as to read, " A bill to
incorporate the Dime Savings Bank of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia."
union i.ifb association.
Mr. PATTERSON. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 1219.
Mr. POMEROY. What is the title of the
bill?
Mr. PATTERSON. "A bill (S. No. 1219)
to incorporate the Union Life Association of
the United States."
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think wc should
incorporate iiny more of these institutions.
Mr. PATTERSON. The committee have
instructed me to move the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I have no objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 1219)
to incorporate the Union Life Association of
the United States.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move that the bill be
indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
capitol hill savings-bank.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 1126.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 1126)
to incorporate the Capitol Hill Savings-Bank
of Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think we should
incorporate any more savings-banks here.
Mr. PATTERSON. The committee have
reported this bill favorably, and I ask the
action of the Senate upon it. Those opposed
to it can vote against it.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to indefinitely
postpone the bill.
Mr. PATTERSON. I hope that action will
not be taken. It is proposed to establish a
savings-bank on Capitol Hill. If the people
here desire such a bank, what earthly objec-
tion can there be to establishing it? It is a
convenience to the people of the city.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 have no objection to
the bill if we are to establish these institutions,
but I thought one savings bank at this tune
would be sufficient. If we are to establish
them all over the city they will only injure
6^ch Gthcr *
Mr. PATTERSON. They are very differ-
ent in their character, as the Senator will see
from the reading of the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I am willing to hear it
read. A multitude of these banks will only
injure each other. One savings-bank, or two
perhaps, might be supported here; but if we
incorporate them all over the city they will be
of no account.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator irotn
Kansas to postpone the bill indefinitely.
Mr. POMEROY. I will withdraw that
motion in order to hear the bill read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It proposes
to create George F. Guliek, William McKee
Dunn, N. G. Otdway, John Eaton. Charles
H. Parsons, W. B. Todd, D. W. Middleton,
jr., Alfred Richards, C. II. Holden, Mat-
thew G. Emery, N. P. Chipman, A. Grant,
Peter McNamara, C. W. Swetland, C. M.
Ford, John J. Sullivan, Nathaniel Page, T.
Edward Clarke, and J. J. McElhone, their
saceessors and assigns, a body corporate and
politic, by the name and st.yle of the Capitol
Hill Savings Bank. The capital stock of the
bank is to be $100,000, to be divided into
shares of 550 each, and the capital stock may
be increased to a sum not exceeding $300,000.
The stock may be subscribed for upon the
books of the bank, which shall be provided
for that purpose by the corporators, and which
shall be opened on the second Monday follow-
ing the final passage of the act and its approval
by the President of the United States, in the
city of Washington, at twelve o'clock noon.
