THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
in this manner again and again by flank move-
ments and by forced marches, as befits its mili-
tary origin, the people have a right to vote upon
& question so grave in its consequences to them
and to. their, posterity. Js it not proper and
right that the representatives of the present
sentiment of the American people should be
heard in regard to this important subject? It
is well known to the Senate and to the coun-
try that nearly one half of the entire House of
Representatives are to be replaced within
the course of three months by newly-elected
men. In the Senate many changcs have al-
ready occurred, and many more are to occur
after the present session of Congress. Does
the Administration, to whom this measure
seents so dear, fear to meet the views of those
who have been chosen since this measure was
mooted before the people? It certainly looks
very much like it.
It might be asked, in view of this hot haste,
whether the Administration expects to have,
or has, any strong hold over the hopes and
the fears of unseated Congressmen, and their
consequent expectation of executive favors?
When the present Executive came into power
he declared" in his inaugural address that he
should '' on all subjects have a policy to recom-
mend, but none to enforce against the will of
the people." Those were honest words. Have
they been carried out by honest acts? Is this
haste upon a measure of such transcendent
public importance in consonance with the
promise to abide by the will of the people ?
Where is the respect for public opinion, where
is the respect for popular will, shown by this
unwillingness to allow this grave measure to
pass under the usual canvass at the hands of
a committee of Congress, or to await some
expression of the American people upon the
subject?
My honorable friend from Ohio [Mr. Thcr-
Man] ably demonstrated to the Senate the
utterly unconstitutional nature of this propo-
sition, that Congress "have no power by joint
resolution to annex territory to the United
States; and that even with the doubtful exam-
ple of the State of Texas before us, it must be
recollected that in that case we were dealing
with "a State;" and a State, in the precise
language of the Constitution, we are author-
ized to admit by vote of Congress. But who
pretends or who can pretend that this island,
peopled with a semi-barbarous population, this
chaotic mass of crime and degradation, can be
dignified into "a State," or that from among
such a people proper or decent selections can
be made to take part in the government of
this great country? No, sir; Congress has no
authority, no lawful power to annex foreign
territory by joint resolution. By treaty stipu-
lation alone can we become possessed of ter-
ritory, an unorganized political society.
There is this further objection to this reso-
lution. I have said that you call these three
gentlemen to be appointed to undertake this
multifarious and difficult task of making a
census, moral, political, and physical, of this
island, commissioners. I have said that in fact
and substance they are embassadors. You call
their secretary a clerk. That does not prevent
the same relation that our secretaries hold to
other legations. Now, how should such officers
be appointed? How does the Constitution re-
quire them to be appointed; and how have the
framers and inspirers of this resolution under-
taken to appoint them? By the second section
of the second article of the Constitution it is
provided that—
"He [the Presidentlshallhavo power, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to malce trea-
ties, provided two thirds of the Senators present eon-
cur; and he shall nominate, and by and with the ad-
vice and eonsentof the Senate shall appoint, embas-
sadors, other public ministers, and consuls, judges
of the Supreme Court, and all other officers of the
United States whose appointments are not herein
otherwise provided for, and which shall be estab-
lished by law."
Are not, therefore, "the advice and con-
sent of the Senate" requisite in a case of this
kind? Looking at the substantial character
of the duties to be executed by these three
commissioners, who will doubt that it was to
such a class of officers that confirmation by the
Senate was made necessary for their proper
appointment? If it ever was needful in the
history of our Government that the advice and
consent of the Senate should be obtained before
an officer should presume to act as a foreign
minister in behalf of this country, that case is
before us now.
There never was a time when the examina-
tion by the Senate of the United States into the
character and fitness of three envoys was made
so requisite as it is in the present instance; and
why? Not only because of the vast import-
ance of the duties which they are to perform ;
not only because this is the initial step upon a
career, as I have termed it, of imperial gov-
ernment of distant and outlying provinces;
but because in this especial case the Executive
has exhibited that passionate, personal.zeal in
regard to this matter which necessarily must
destroy his capacity for sound judgment in the
case. If it was ever necessary that we should
have for the safety of the country the advice
and consent of the Senate to his appointments,
of all cases this is the special one. He has
exhibited, as I say, that amount of individual
feeling on this subject that utterly disqualifies
hira for that calm judgment necessary for the
high duties connected with the appointment
of embassadors to a foreign country. His zeal
seems to know no limits, and he seems to use
almost any instrumentalities for the purpose
of carrying his object.
Is it to be supposed that the fact of not pay-
ing these commissioners compensation is in any
degree to recommend the passage of the reso-
lution or to change their real character? On
the contrary, that provision strikes me as being
one of the most dangerous features of this res-
olution. To whom is his choice limited? You
say these men are to go out there to take upon
themselves in a foreign land the performance
of the duties of this most troublesome office;
that they are to institute inquiries of this wide-
spread, miscellaneous character, involving the
greatest amount of physical labor and atten-
tion. From what class of men are you to select
these commissioners? If you give them no
compensation, you exclude at once all but the
wealthy citizens of our country. I ask, how
many rich men are there in this country who,
from pure love of country, for the public good,
and in a high sense of public spirit, are willing
to leave their homes, their property, their large
comforts and possessions, and go out of the
country for the purpose of obtaining this in-
formation, especially when it must be well
known to the country that the means for ascer-
taining the greater portion of it are already
here? Who, then, shall fill this office? Who
will be willing to go? Plainly, those who can
afford to disregard the legitimate compensation
and the legitimate pay for such duty, and rely
upon illegitimate gams supposed to surround
this transaction.
We have mo example in the history of our
Government that is known to me where citi-
zens have been appointed to perform onerous
and important public duties without compen-
sation. If the object of the resolution is a
just one, let the proper and usual compensa-
tion for the duties proposed accompany it. If
it be a sham of proposed economy, let no man
be so silly as to suppose that the American
people will not plainly see its true character.
Money could not be better spent than in ascer-
taining the truth in regard to this island, its
true condition, and its fitness for incorporation
into our political family, and if the project is
to be pursued, the more light, the more delib-
j eration that accompanies it the better.
I It is for these reasons, sir, expressed in this
i imperfect manner, that I must express my
; surprise at any opposition to permitting this
I resolution to be referred to the appropriate
1 committee. Tf any resolution ever needed
examination this does. The expense of these
commissioners, irrespective of any nominal
salary, must necessarily be very large, in order
to enable them to acquire this information in
a proper and authentic manner ; and it would
be right not to incur that expense if under
the resolution of the Senator from Massachu-
setts we can obtain tho information which, as
I hav.e said, may make it expedient to dismiss
this idea of a commission altogether.
For these reasons I trust this resolution will
go before the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and that they will take time thoroughly to con-
sider the question. If it be the will of the
American people thus to embark upon a system
of territorial aggrandizement without limit,
without consideration of natural boundaries,
without consideration of all the traditions of
our Government and its possibilities of main-
tenance, then, sir, at least let the experiment
not be tried until the voice of that people shall
have been fairly heard. I protest against this
hurrying of the nation into a policy in regard
to which they have had no opportunity dis-
tinctly and deliberately to express their views.
So far as they have been enabled to express
them, my own opinion is that the sentiment
of the people of the United States is over-
whelmingly in opposition to the scheme of the
Administration, without regard to party. In
the section of country in which I live I doubt
if one tenth of the people could be found to
sustain this proposition. Then, sir, in the face
of this opinion, why should this indecorous
haste mark the pressure of this pet measure
of the Administration through Congress?
I shall therefore vote in favor of this refer-
ence. I trust that the Senate will see the
necessity of having this resolution at least re-
modeled, pruned down, and many of its use-
less and objectionable features abstracted from
it, if after due examination it is found neces-
sary to be passed at all. I trust, therefore, that
the motion to refer to the Committee on Foreign
Relations will prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams. ) The question is on the motion to refer
this joint resolution to the Committee on For-
eign Relations, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I am going
now to renew the motion I made afew moments
ago, that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business. There is an im-
portant nomination on the table which ought
to be acted upon at once, and the sooner the
better. I hope, therefore, there can be no ques-
tion about this motion. We can come Out of
executive session at once and proceed with this
business if the Senate is so disposed. Mean-
while, I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business, with a view
to consider a very important nomination.
Mr. CONKLING. That can be considered
to-morrow or some other time.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, to proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 34; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Fowler.
Hamilton of Maryland. Harris, Johnston, Kellogg.
McCreery, Patterson, .Robertson, Schurz. Scott, Sher-
^t.ockton, Sumner, Tipton, arid Vickers—18.
NAlS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreman, Brown-
tow, Buckingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Conkling,
Corbett. Cragra, Edmunds, Flanagan, Hamilton ot
iexas, Hamlin,Harlan,Howe,Howell, Lewis, Mor-
ton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool. Pratt, Ramsev.
lievels, Kice, Sawyer, Stewart, Thayer, Trumbull,
Warn er. Wllhams, andYates—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell,
Cole,. I' cnton,.Kerry, Gilbert, Howard, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Spencer, Sprague, Thurman, Willey, Wilson,
and VYindom—49.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the reso-
lution before the Senate commits Congress to
