1664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
main in the banks on deposit. And the Freed-
men's Bureau agents are to-day inducing the
negroes to leave their bounties in those banks.
There is therefore to-day in the vaults of the
freed men's savings-banks over a million of
dollars of money thus deposited. That irre-
sponsible bank may fail to-morrow, and all that
those misled negroes have left on deposit with
them, through the inducements and persua-
sions of the Freedmen's Bureau agents, will
be lost. Those negroes ought to be protected
from all these frauds and saved from further
robbery contemplated by these Freedmen's
Bureau officers «aud these savings-banks, of
which General Howard is a stockholder and
vice president.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. CULLOM. Perhaps there is no man
who would more reluctantly than myself take
a course in reference to this bill, or upon any
other, which would result in the injury of the
poor colored soldier. 1 am, perhaps, as much
interested as any man on this floor in the col-
lection of the bounties of soldiers, whether the
soldiers be colored or white. Ever since I have
been a member of this House I have been in
favor of liberal legislation in reference to the
Freedmen's Bureau, for I believed, as has been
said here at every session of Congress for the
last six years, that some legislation was neces-
sary in order to protect these people, who,
being ignorant, are more likely to be imposed
upon and defrauded by designing and wicked
white men than others who served in the Army
and Navy of the United States.
I should hesitate very much to do anything
which might by any possibility result in an
injury to these people; yet I cannot but be-
lieve that the time has come when the Con-
gress of the United States should stop the
expenditure of public money in this way.
The great body of th.e bounties due to these
colored soldiers must have been paid long
before now; the prize-money must in large
part have been paid before now; the pen-
sions to which these people were entitled must
have been in a great measure paid before
now. Yet notwithstanding the fact that four,
five, or six years have passed since the Gov-
ernment commenced to pay these bounties,
these appropriations come in here year after
year, session after session, without any sort
of iet.-up. I think that the time has come to
stop this system.
My judgment is that one reason why this
appropriation is proposed here is not the fact
that these poor colored soldiers are in danger
of lo.sing the money which the Government
owes them, but because there is a reluctance
on the part of the persons controlling this
bureau to relinquish their hold on it, and to
abandon to that extent the vocation in which
they have been engaged. I want some of
these appropriations somehow or other to
be stopped some time or other, and I think
the people of this country will demand of this
Congress or of some other Congress very soon
that we shall cease this system of appropria-
tions.
I do not believe that the few colored soldiers
who have not received their bounties or their
pensions will be defrauded oftheir rights, even
though this appropriation does not prevail.
I have no doubt that some of them may have
been heretofore defrauded, as I have no doubt
hundreds of thousands of white soldiers in
tins country have been defrauded out of their
pensions and bounties by designing, wicked,
and corrupt claim agents in various parts of
the country. We cannot altogether prevent
such occurrences. Things of that kind will
take place in spite of whatever legislation we
may adopt here. But we must consider such
matters in their general results, and we ought
not extravagantly to appropriate money from
session to session simply because these peo-
ple happen to have been slaves, or happen in
some cases to be not quite so intelligent and
well educated as the whites.
message ekom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had disagreed to the amendment of the
House to the bill (S. No. 647) to incorporate
the Texas Pacific Ilailroad Company, arid to
aid in the construction of its road, and for
other purposes, asked a conference with the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and had appointed as conferees on
the part of the Senate, Mr. Howard, Mr. Kel-
logg, and Mr. Flanagan.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested •
An act (S. No. 1305) for the relief of Fred-
erick P. Dimpfel; and
An act (S. No. 1356) to amend an act to
revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to patents and copyrights.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill and joint resolutio n
of the following titles, with amendments,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (II. R. No. 1478) to provide for
celebrating the one hundredth anniversary of
American Independence by holding an inter-
national exhibition of arts, manufactures, and
products of the soil and mine, in the city of
Philadelphia and State of Pennsylvania, in the
year 1876 ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 469) granting
the Chicago and Illinois Ilailroad Company
the right to build a bridge across the Wabash
river, and declaring the same a post road.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles:
An act (H. It. No. 2324) granting a pension
to John E. Wilson;
An act (H. K. No. 2709) for the relief
of Joseph Anderson, a citizen of Davidson
county, State of Tennessee;
An act(H. R. No. 2933) ceding certain land
in the village of Mackinaw, Michigan, to E.
A. Franks; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 447) to extend
the benefit of the act establishing the National
Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers to the
disabled soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812
and the Mexican war.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The House resumed the consideration of
the miscellaneous appropriation bill.
southern pacific railroad.
Mr. WHEELER. I move, by unanimous
consent, that the House insist on its amend-
ments to the Southern Pacific railroad bill,
and ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I object, and call for
the regular order of business.
centennial anniversary.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous consent to take up and concur in
the amendments of the Senate to the centenary
anniversary bill.
Objection was made.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. HOAR. Have I the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has been
recognized and will proceed.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, something has
been said about the Committee on Education
and Labor, which investigated, under the order
of the House, into the affairs of the Freed-
men's Bureau, having declined to admit cer-
tain evidence. I will state the facts on that
subject once for all. The committee gave
sixty days of that investigation to the gentle-
man who made the charges. At that time an
application was made on behalf of the prose-
cution for a delay of one or two weeks, on the
ground that the counsel employed by Mr. Wood
was obliged to leave the city (a very respect-
able gentleman named Mr. Bradley) in conse-
quence of some difficulty which he had fallen
into, and a bench-warrant having been issued
out against him he was compelled to leave the
District. That was at a time when sixty days
had been consumed by the pro.secution. A
suggestion was made for further delay, the
result of which would have been that no oppor-
tunity would have been afforded for the defense
during the present Congress. The prosecu-
tion were inquired of about how much more
evidence th-ey had to put in, and they replied
that with the exception ofthree witnesses whom
they named they were closed. The committee
then passed an order granting this request for
delay on condition that the prosecution should
be closed with the exception of the witnesses
named. The offer of testimony alluded to
was an offer to reopen the case after that order
agreed to by both sides had been adopted by
the committee. If the case had been reopened
it would have shut out General Howard hav-
ing any defense whatever, for only three days
were left for that purpose.
In addition to that, Mr. Speaker, in refer-
ence to the charge of fraud committed in
Kentucky, the committee offered to reopen
the case whenever any evidence should be
adduced showing that General Howard knew
anything about them. It instructed the chair-
man, whenever any evidence was adduced
proving knowledge of any such thing on the
part of General Howard, to subpena wit-
nesses.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in addition to that these
charges of fraud in Kentucky have already
been investigated by court-martial under the
direction of the Secretary of War.
I wish to say, in reply to my friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Cullom,] that I think this
House may yield something to those who
have personally investigated this question,
and something to the unanimous action of the
experienced persons who have given special
attention to the facts.
Mr. COLLOM. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts whether helms
any information as to the number of negro
soldiers or sailors who have not received their
bounty or prize-money?
Mr. HOAil. I cannot precisely answer as
to the number; but the number is still very
large. These negro soldiers, large numbers
of them, were not only unable to read and
write, but they were unable to understand
business. They had not intelligent neighbors
interested in their welfare as in the case of
ignorant white soldiers ; and there were some
ignorant white soldiers. These negro soldiers
were peculiarly surrounded by difficulties and
so set upon by harpies that it became neces-
sary to establish this special bureau to secure
not only their rights, but the Treasury itself
from lraud. This appropriation is necessary,
as the number of cases is still very large.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] allow me to ask
him a question ?
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts has expired.
Mr. DAWES. I move to close debate on
the paragraph.
Mr. KERR. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. Though the House should
agree«to close debate, that will not prevent
the gentleman from offering an amendment.
The question being taken on the motion to
close debate, it was agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I move to amend the para-
graph proposed to be stricken out by inserting
m line seven hundred and four ''$87,500"
instead of "$187,500."
The question being put on Mr. Kerr's
amendment, there were—ayes 73, noes 46.
Mr. DAWES. I ask for the yeas aud nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
