1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1665
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 83, not voting
68; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Asper,
Beck, Bethune, Biggs, Bird. Biair, Booker, James
Brooks, Buffinton, Burchard,Burr, Calkin,Churchill,
Amasa Cobb, Corker, Cowles. Cox, Crebs, CuUom,
Dox, Duke, Duval, Eldrid^e, Farnsworth, Finkeln-
burg. Fox, Getz,Gibson, Gilfillan, Griswold. Haight,
Haldeuaan, Hambleton, Kamill, Hawkins, Hawiey,
Hay, Holman, Holmes, Johnson, Thomas L.Jones,
Kellogg, Kerr, Lawrence, Lewis, Logan, Mayham,
McCarthy, McCormick, McGrew, McNeely, Mercur,
Milnes, EliakimK. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William
Moore, Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Orth, Packard,
Pucker, William W. Paine, Phelps, Potter, Randall,
Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Schumaker, Sherrod, Shober,
John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Stiles, Slrader,Swann,Taffe,Trimble, Xyner,
Vau Auken,Vun Trump, Van Wyck,Voorhees, Wel-
kcr. Wells, Williams. Eugene M. Wilson. John T.
Wilson, Winchester, Witcher, Wolf, Wood, Wood-
ward, and Young—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Arnell, Barry,
Bennett,Benton. Bingham, Boles, George M.Brooks,
Buck,Buckley,Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Cessna,
William T. Clark, Coburn, Conger, Darrall, Dawes,
Joseph Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon, Dockery, Donley
Ela. Ferriss, Ferry, Fisher, Garfield, Hamilton,Har-
ris.Hays, Heflin,Hoar. Hooper,Hotchkiss, Jencices,
Alexander H. Jones, Kelley,KLelsey, Knapp, Laflin,
Lash, Long, Maynard, McKenzie, Morey, Morphis,
Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P.Morrill, Myers, New-
sham, O'Neill, Haibert E. Paine, Palmer, Peck,
Perce, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy. Porter.Pros-
ser, Rainey, Roots, Sargent,Sawyer, Shanks, Lionel
A. Sheldon, William J. Smith, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Tay-
lor, Tillman, Townsend, Tvviehell, Van Horn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Whitiuore, and Willard—83.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Atwood, Axtell,
Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Beainan, Beatty,
Benjamin, Bowen, Boyd, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake,
Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner,
Cook, Degener, Dickey, Dickinson, Dyer, Fitch,
Hale, Hill, Hoge, Ingersoll, Judd, Julian, Ketcham,
Knott, Loughndgc, Lynch, Manning, Marshall, Mc-
Crary, McKee. Morrissey, Ncgley, Pricc, Santord,
Scofield, Porter Sheldon, Slocum, Stone, Strong,
Sweeney, Sypher, Tanner, Upson, Wallace, Ward,
Cadwalader C. "Washburn, Wheeler, Wliiteley, Wil-
kinson, and Winans—58.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to strike
out the paragraph amended.
Mr. HOLMAN. Oil fcljafc motion I call for
the yeas aud nays.
Mr. LAWRENGE. Is the motion debat-
able ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the House hav-
ing ordered that all debate on the paragraph
should be closed.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 73, nays 107, not voting
60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Asper,
Beck, Bethune, Biggs, Bird, Blair. Booker, James
Brooks, Burchard, Burr, Calkin, Cox, Crebs, Cul-
lom, Dox, Duke, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fox, Getz,
Gibson, Griswold, Ilaight. lialdeman, Hale, Iiam-
bleton, Iiamill, Hawkins, Holman, Johnson, Thomas
L. Jones, Kerr, Lawrence, Lewis, Manning, May-
ham, McCormick, McNeely, Mercur, Milnes, Jesse
H. Moore, Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Orth. Pack-
ard, Packer, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Rogers,
Schumaker, Shober, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, Stiles, Strader, Swann, Trimble, Van
Auken, Van Trump, Wells, Wilkinson, Eugene M.
Wilson, Winchester, Witcher. Wood, Woodward,
and Young—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnell, Atwood, Barry, Beatty,
Bennett, Benton, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buck-
ley, Bufliuton, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Cessna,
Churchill, William T. Clark, AmasaCobb, Clinton L.
Cobb, Conger, Cowles, Darrall, Dawes, Dickey,
Joseph Dixon. Nathan F. Dixon, Dockery, Donley,
Duval, Ela, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher,
Garfield, Gilfillan, Hamilton* Harris. Hawley, Hef-
lin, Hill. Iloar, Holmes, Hotchkiss. Jenckes, Alex-
ander II. Jones, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Long, Lynch, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, MeGrew, McKenzie, Eliakim H. Moore,
Morey, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers,
Newsham, O'Neill,Haibert E. Paine, Palmer, Peck,
Perce, Phelps, Piatt, Poland,Pomeroy,Porter, Pros-
ser, Rainey, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Sco-
field, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. bmith,.
William J. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Steven-
son, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe,
Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Van Horn,
Wilhaia B. Washburn, Wolkcr, Wheeler, Whiteley,
Whitmore, Willard. Williams, John T. Wilson, and
Wolf—107.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arm-
strong, Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Bea-
man, Benjamin,Bingham, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland,
Coburn, Conner, Cook, Corker, Degener, Dickinson,
Dyer, Fitch, Hay, Hays, Hoge, Hooper, Ingersoll,
Judd, Julian. Knott, Logan. Loughridg'e, Marshall,
MeCrary, McKee, William Moore, Morphis,,Morris-
sey, Negley, William W. Paine, Peters, Price, Por-
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 105.
ter Sheldon, Sherrod, Slooum, Stone, Sweeney,
Sypher, Tanner, Taylor, Upson, Van Wyck, Voor-
hees, Wallace. Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
and Winans—60.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The following paragraph was read:
For support of Freedmen's Hospital and Asylum
at Washington, District of Columbia, namely: pay
of medical officers and attendants; medicines, med-
ical supplies, and rations; clothing; rent of hospital
buildings, fuel, and lights; repairs and transporta-
tion, $78,000.
Mr. McNEELY. lofferthefollowingamend-
ment, to come in at the close of that paragraph:
Provided, That no part of said appropriation shall
be used in support of or to pay any of the aforesaid
expenses on account of any person hereafter to be
admitted to said hospital and nsyium.
I will explain briefly my object in offering,
this amendment. I do not want to oust any
persons from the hospital that are there now.
I have been through that hospital and asylum,
and I think that those who are there now ought
certainly to be taken care of. On the 2d of
March, 1867, a law was passed looking to the
discontinuance of this very asylum, to which
I ask the attention of the House :
An act relating to freedmen's hospitals.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Jloute of Iteprenmta-
tivesofthe United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the Com.missioner of the Bureau of Ref-
ugees and Freedmen is a-uthorizod and directed to
continue the freedmen's hospitals at Richmond,
Virginia; Vicksburg, Mississippi; and in the Dis-
trict ot Columbia, including the asylum for aged and
infirm freedmen and for orphan children: Provided,
That the expense thereof shall be paid by the Com-
missioner out of moneys heretofore appropriated for
the use of tho bureau: And provided further, That
said hospitals shall be discontinued as soon as may
be practicahlc, in the discretion of the President of
the United States.
Approved April 7,1869.
Now, then, this hospital cannot be discon-
tinued so long as we continue to place addi-
tional persons in the hospital, and hence I
offer this amendment.
Mr. HOAR. Has the gentleman reflected
whether there are now any such persons in any
other Government hospitals or asylums who
might be transferred to this asylum ? If he
will modify his amendment so as to permit the
removal of persons from other hospitals to
this hospital, I do not see why his amendment
should not be adopted.
Mr. McNEELY. I understand that when the
House passed the law which 1 have read the
hospitals at Richmond, Virginia, and at Vicks-
burg, and the one in this District, were the only
hospitals of this kind then existing. Now,
then, my understanding is that the hospitals
at Richmond and Vicksburg have both been
discontinued, and that the hospital here in
the District is the only one now in existence.
I understand that the inmates of the other
hospitals were brought here. I know that before
the committee it was proven that some persons
were brought from Louisville and placed in
this hospital. It seems that they had got into
the hands of the United States, and the au-
thorities there were unwilling to take them off
the hands of the Government, and they were
brought here, and I think they ought to be
taken care of. My object is to place this hos-
pital in such a condition that the public mind
will rest in the belief of its ultimate extinction.
Mr. HOAR. Has the gentleman any objec-
tion to adding to his amendment the words
"unless persons removed thither from some
other Government hospital?"
Mr. McNEELY. I will accept that modifi-
cation of my amendment.
i Mr. DAWES. I will not oppose the amend-
ment as modified.
Mr. LAWRENCE. When the preceding
paragraph was under consideration the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. McNeely] took occa-
sion to say that the minority of the committee
which investigated the charges against Gen-
eral Howard offered to prove that General
Runkle had been guilty of fraud.
Mr. McNEELY. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman is not discussing the pending
amendment. I do not want to cumber it with
anything that will defeat the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. Let us vote on this amend-
ment first.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Very well.
The question was taken on Mr. McNeely's
amendment, as modified, andit was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I' move to strike out
the words "rent of hospital building" in line
seven hundred and nine. The gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. McNeely,] in discussing
the preceding clause, and as a reason why
these provisions should all be stricken out,
made the statement to which I have already
referred. I desire to say that General Runkle
is a constituent of mine; I know him very well;
and it is exceedingly unjust to charge him upon
the floor of this House with fraud simply be-
cause certain gentlemen offered to make proof
upon that subject. I undertake to say that no
more honest man was ever in the public ser-
vice, and I say it from my personal knowledge
of the man. I undertake to say that the mili-
tary service of this country never had a braver
man, and very few who have rendered better
or greater services, and none more patriotic,
none who have given better evidence of a de-
sire to serve the country faithfully and well;
and, sir, he has served it faithfully and well.
I say further that this is the first imputation
that has ever been cast upon his integrity, and
whenever any gentleman dares to intimate that
he has been guilty of any frauds, he stands
ready to prove that the allegation is untrue.
Now, having said this much, I propose to say
a word further in reference to the amendment
which I have offered. I think that the Freed-
men's Bureau should be entirely discontinued
after the 1st of July, excepting only that pro-
vision should be made for the maintenance of
the disabled colored persons who are how in
charge of the Freedmen's Hospital. I have
moved, however, to strikeout the words " rent
of hospital building," for the reason that these
infirm people in charge of the asylum are kept
in buildings which belong to the Howard Uni-
versity in this city. Those buildings were
erected mainly, if not entirely, with fund? be-
longing to the Freedmen's Bureau, with money
appropriated by Congress. When the defi-
ciency bill was up a few days ago we inserted
in that bill no provision for the payment of
rent. An estimate was made asking us to
appropriate money to pay for the rooflns in
these buildings occupied by these persons,
but the Committee on Appropriations did not
insert any such provision in the bill, and I
believe there was no proposition in the House
to put in any provision of that character ; cer-
tainly none ought to be in this bill. Now, I
submit that, after the large amount that has
been expended out of the public Treasury upon
these buildings, it is not just that the inmates
of these hospital buildings should be obliged
to pay rent. I hope, therefore, that the amend-
ment I have offered will be adopted.
Mr. WELKEll. I rise in form to oppose
this amendment, but more for the purpose of
saying that I, too, am acquainted with Gen-
eral Runkle, and have known him for many
years, and I concur fully in what my colleague
[Mr. Lawkence] has said in relation to his
character as a soldier and as an honest man.
And I regret exceedingly that the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. McNeely J has undertaken
to drag into this discussion the character or
integrity of General Runkle.
Mr. McNEELY. I said that he was charged
with having perpetrated frauds, that a witness
was presented, but no evidence was taken on
that point. As to whether he is an honest
man or not, is a matter which we did not inves-
tigate, because we could not do so.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I move to strike out
the last word of this paragraph, for the pur-
pose of saying that this paragraph, and mote
especially the preceding paragraph, is a con-
spicuous example of that which this bill and
the course of our whole legislation for the past
few days has conclusively proved: that an over-
flowing Treasury prolificaliy breeds extrava-
