1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
four citizens of tbe city of Washington, and one cit-
izens of the city of Georgetown, and one citizen of
the District outside said corporations, members of
said board, who shall serve for a term of three years
from the l&t day of Jauuary next succeeding their
appointment.
Sec. 3. And be it fartherenacted, That on or before
the fifteenth day after the passage of this act, at a
time to be designated by the Commissioner of Edu-
cation, the persons so appointed shall meet at the
city hall of said city of Washington, and organize said
board by the election from among theiv number of a
president, a secretary, and a treasurer, whoshali hold
their offices for one year, or until their successors in
office are duly elected and qualified, and said officers
shall perform the duties customary in such cases as
prescribed by said board. And said treasurer shall
give bond with five sureties, to the satisfaction of sa id
board, in tbe penal sum of $100,000, for the faithful
discharge of the duties of his office, and shall dis-
burse all moneys only in accordance with the order
of said board, signed by the president and secretary
of said board; and hereafter annually said board shall
meet on the first Tuesday after the 1st day of Jan-
uary for organization and the election of officers, as
hereinbefore provided, and shall meet regularly on
the first Tuesday in May, August, and November of
each year, and at any other time when requested by
a majority of the members resident either in the city
of Washington or the city of Georgetown, or in the
county outside the limits of said corporations; and a
majority of said board shall constitute a quorum.
And said board of education shall have power to
make rules for its own guidance, in accordance with
the provisions of this act, and to facilitate its busi-
ness b£ the appointment of committees: Provided,
That the schools for the city of Washington, and for
the city of Georgetown, and for the county outside
the limits of said corporations shall be under the
custody of the members of said board resident in said
sections, respectively, under the general control of
said board.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That said board
of education for the District of Columbia,when duly
organized, shall forthwith notify the corporations
of Washington and Georgetown, and the levy court
of the county of Washington, and the several boards
of directors, trustees, guardians, and commissioners
heretofore and now in charge of the public schools
throughout the District; and these several boards
 nd corporations, on the receipt of said notice, shall
immediately turn over to the said board of educa-
tion all school moneys, and ail right, title, and con-
trol over school property in their possession, together
with all official books and records relating to school
affafcs; whereupon said boards of directors, trustees,
guardians, and commissioners aforesaid shall ad-
journ without day: Provided, That all persons now
required or authorized by law to collect moneys as
lines and otherwise for school purposes shall here-
after pay over all such moneys to the treasurer of
said board of education.
Skc- 5. And be it further enacted, That all moneys
and ail property, real and personal, received by
such transfer, and that may hereafter come into
the possession of said board of education, shall be
strictly set apart and used for the maintenance of
free public schools in tbe city of Washington, or
the city of Georgetown, or the county outside the
limits of said corporations, respectively, as provided
in the appropriation, grant, deed, or bequest from
which said funds and property are or shall be de-
rived; and for this purpose the records of the sec-
retary and treasurer of said board of education
shall be so kept as specifically to show the sourccs
from which said property and funds are derived,
and the conditions under which they are held, and
the objects for which they are used and expended.
But no provision of this act shall operate to prevent
the establishment by said board of any central schools
of higher or special grade which may bo found neces-
sary, and which shall be common to residents of the
entire District. And the said board of education are
hereby especially authorized to establish schools of
such higher or special grade, and to apportion the
expenses of the same between the city of Washing-
ton, aud the city of Geoigelown, and iho county out-
side the limits of said corporations, proportionally
to the number of persons resident therein, respect-
ively, for whose instruction said schools of higher
or special grade may be required. And, moreover,
no provision of this act shall operate to prevent said
board of education from paying suitable compen-
sation to the officers of said board for their official
services, or from electing and compensating a super-
intendent of schools, and such assistant superintend-
ents as shall be found necessary for the proper super^
vision of said schools, or from hiring and compen-
sating such clerical force as shall be found necessary
to the thorough performance of the official duties
of the said board or the said superintendent.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That no appro-
priation, grant, deed, or gift of money or land, and
no privilege of pecuniary value, shall be voted,
given, granted, assigned, or allowed, directly or
indirectly, out of any of the funds, or the property,
real or personal, under the control of said board of
education, to any school or other institution of
learning which shall not be entirely free, or which
shall be conducted on any denominational or sec-
tarian basis; and no distinction on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude biiaU b9
made in the admission of pupilsto any ot the schools
under the control of the board of education, or m
the mode of education or treatment of pupils in
such schools. , „ % ,, ,
Sec, 7. And be it further enacted. That said board
of education of the District of Columbia, shall have
power, ap4 it to their duty, to purchase lots
and contract for the erection thereon of such suit-
able school buildings as sball be found necessary lor
the accommodation of the pupils; and the respective
authorises of the cities of Washington and George-
town and the levy court of the county of Washing-
ton shall make immediate provision for the payment
of such expenditures within their respective juris-
dictions of the same, either by the levy of a special
tax for the purpose on their taxable property for
the whole or in part of the amount, or by the issue
of bonds having not more than thirty years to
mature, and bearing six per cent, interest per
annum, payable semi-annually, for the whole or in
part of the amount; and all moneys accruing from
such tax and said bonds, if issued, shall be imme-
diately paid to the treasurer of said board of edu-
cation.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That two million
acres of the public lands of the United States be,
and the same are hereby, set apart and granted to
the District of Columbia for the support and main-
tenance of the free public schools thereof; and the
exclusive control of said land so appropriated shall
be vested m said board of education; and the scrip
for said lands shall be issued to said board imme-
diately after the passage of this act; and said land
scrip shall be located by said board upon any of the
unappropriated lands of the United States subject
to sale, at $1 25 or less per acre: Provided, That none
of.said lands shall be sold forless than the price at
which they are held for sale by the United States:
And provided further. That the proceeds of the sale
of said lands shall constitute a permanent and irre-
ducible fund, to be invested in United States stocks,
the interest of which fund shall be expended by said
board of education for the support of the schools
herein provided for under the direction of said board.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the board of education to make a written
report on or before the 15th of October, annually, to
tho United States Bureau of Education, in accord-
ance with the requirements of the Commissioner
thereof, for the information of Congress, a copy of
which report shall be furnished to the boards of
aldermen and common councils of Washington and
Georgetown and to the levy court ot the District of
Columbia; and it shall also be the duty of said board
of education annually to determine by estimate, as
nearly as practicable, the entire amount of money
necessary to be expended, after deducting all moneys
derived from any school fund, school revenue, or
from any appropriation by Congress, in each of the
cities of Washington and Georgetown and in the
county outsideof the limits of the said corporations,
respectively, for building, furnishing, and repairing
school-houses, for the payment of teachers, and for
any other current school purposes, which estimate
shall be included in the annual report; and said
board shall also certify in writing said estimate to
tne common councils of the citie3 of Washington and
Georgetown, itnd to the leyy court of the District
of Columbia, at least thirty days before the annual
assessment of taxes in said sections ; and said com-
mon councils and boards of aldermen of said cities
and said levy court shall, within thirty days there-
after, levy and assess the entire amount of said esti-
mate of the  aid board of education on ail the tax-
able property of the city ot Washington, or of the
city of Georgetown, or ot the county outside the lim-
its of said corporations, as the case may be, aud shall
collect and pay over the same without delay to the
said board of education of the District of Columbia.
Skc. 10. And be it further enacted, That every per-
son in the District ot Columbia having under his or
her control a child between the ages of six and four-
teen years shall annually, during the continuance
of such control, assure the instruction of such child
in the elements of an English education at least
twelve weeks, six of which shall bo consecutive ; and
for every neglect of such duty the party offending
shall forfeit to the board of education a sum not
exceeding twenty dollars, to be recovered before any
justice of the peace in the said District: Provided,
That if it be made to appear to the said justice that
the child of the party so offending by reason of
bodily or mental infirmity was not capacitated to
receive such instruction such penalty shall not be
enforced: And provided further. That if any parent
or guardian by reason of poverty is unable to pro-
vide proper means for attendance upon such instruc-
tion, or, through inability to control such child, to
secure such instruction, such child shall be commit-
ted by a justiee of the peace to tho lleform School
of the District of Columbia.
Sec. 11. And be it .further enacted. That the board
of education of the District of Columbia is specially
charged to use all appropriate means to secure the
instruction of every child of school age in said Dis-
trict. and said board shall take care that ample
school facilities are provided, and enforce the pro-
visions herein mado against non-atrendance, and
shall have full power to call on the superintendent
of the Metropolitan police of said District, whoshali
detail for them asutficiont force to patrol the District
and to arrest truants; and any child between the ages
of six and fourteen years found playing in the streets
during the customary school hours may be ques-
tioned and detained, at the discretion of any member
of said board of education, by any member ot the
Metropolitan police of the District of Columbia, in
order to discover whether said child does or does not
attend school or receive instruction; and said board
of education are hereby .authorized to make all
necessary rules for the prevention of non-attendance
and truancy and for the disposition of truants.
Sec. 12. And be tt further enacted, That if any per-
son shall molest or disturb any of the schools under
the control of the board of education, or any teacher
thereof in the discharge of his op tor diitjos, or any
meeting of teachers or scholars called by said board,
or any member thereof, or shall willfully destroy or
injure or deface any building, fence, furniture, or
other property belonging to said board. ihe person
so offending shall, on conviction by the police court
of the District of Columbia, be fined not less than
five nor more than twenty dollars lor each offense,
or in default of payment shall be confined in the
common jail not less than twenty nor more than
ninety days; and all fines collected under the pro-
visions of this act shall be for the uie of the public
schools of the District, and shall be accounted for
and paid over by the proper officer of said court to
the treasurer of said board on the 1st days of Janu-
ary, April, July, and October of every year.
Sec. l'i. And be tt fu> ther enacted, That all acts or
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this
act are hereby repealed.
Mr. PATTERSON. The committee amended
the sixth section by putting in all after the
word "basis" in the eighth line. I was over-
ruled in the committee in this matter, and I
feel it to be my duty to state how the bill stood
previous to that amendment, as I am in favor
of the bill as it originally stood. The bill
ignored the question of race and color entirely,
leaving to the school board the duty of organ-
izing the schools in the district as they should
see tit, providing for mixed schools or separate
schools.
Now, sir, I do not differ with the majority
of the committee as to principle, but as to
policy, in this matter. I think this amend-
ment will tend to destroy the schools of the
city, or to put them back at least ten or fifteen
years. All prejudices resting upou mere race
and color, "which are physical, are temporary
and transitory; but those differences which
are intellectual and moral are the ground of
prejudices which are more stubborn. My
idea was, in drafting this bill, to give to the
colored children and the white children alike
the best possible education which we could
in this District; to lift them up, if possible, to
the same level of intelligence and morality;
and then these prejudices, which are transi-
tory, will pass away, and the children of differ-
ent races and different colors wilL mix in the
schools.
I do not wish to make any discussion on this
matter; but, in order to test flip sense of the
Senate on the question, I move that that clause
of the sixth section, beginning in the eighth
line, be struck out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The words
proposed to be stricken out will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out of section six the following;
And no distinction on account of race, color, or
previous condition of sei vitude shall be made in the
admission of pupils to any ot the schools under the
control of the board of education, or in the mode of
education or treatment of pupils in such schools.
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish to call the at-
tention of the committee to section ten, which
I think contains the most remarkable piovis-
ion i ever "saw in an act. The section is:
That every person in the District of Columbia
having under Ins or her control a child between the
ages of six and fourteen years shall annually, dm mg
the continuance of such control, assure the instruc-
tion of such child, &c.
Then comes this proviso:
And provided further, Thatif any part*ui or guard-
ian, by reason of poverty, is unable to provide piuper
means for attendance upon such instruction, or,
through inability to control such child, to sceuic
such instruction, such child shall be committed by a
justice of the peace to tho Reform School of the
District of Columbia.
This is the first act I ever saw in the English
tongue which made poverty a crime, and vis-
ited it not upon the man who was poor, but
upon his children. ^ The Reform School of the
District of Columbia, I suppose, is a house of
correction, is it not?
Mr. PA rTERSOX. Partly so.
Mr. CARPEN fER. Tf any person i<? unable
to educate his child H might be very well for
Congress to appromiate money enough to do
it; but to thereby pass tbe child over to tiie
criminal law, and allow a justice of the peace
to commit it to a house of correction for no
cause in the world except that its father was
poor, is a proposition that will hardly go down
in this Senate, I should thiqk.
