187L
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1055
Mr. CASSERLY. I call the attention of
the Senator from Wisconsin, who has given a
properutteranccto a manly indignation against
what strikes me as one of the most atrocious
provisions ever seriously suggested as a part of
the law, to the fact that, to this Reform School
are sent all vicious and criminal boys from
the criminal or police court of the District of
Columbia; and those are the associates to
contact with whom the child of the poor man
is subjected, merely because liis father is
poor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson,] strik-
ing out certain words in the sixth section which
have been read.
Mr. SUMNER. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays ; and I wish to say a word
upon it. If that clause is struck out I shall
oppose this bill to the last. I consider that
that, clause is the vital part of the bill, which
will make this bill a benefaction to the District.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope this clause will not
be stricken out. We have adopted the prin-
ciple of equality in the Constitution of the
United States, and I think this is a proper
place to enact a law in accordance therewith.
J hope this clause will not be stricken out. I
think this the proper place and the proper
occasion for us to make a commencement.
Mr. PATf EliSON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Louisiana how the same provision
has operated in his own State ? Has it effected
good or ill in the schools there? I should
like to have him answer that question. I ask
whether they are able to mix the children m
the schools there or not? Because the prin-
ciple 1 do not oppose; it is only the policy.
Mr. HARRIS. I will answer the Senator
from New Hampshire that our laws provide
fur mixed schools. We have not been able so
far to operate those schools in our State very
successfully ; but in Louisiana we have diffi-
culties to contend with that they have not here
in Washington. I think this is the proper
place and the proper time; and I hope the
clause will not be stricken out.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, my friend,
the chairman of the committee, says that this
proposition is correct in principle. But to my
mind nothing is clearer than that where any-
thing is correct in principle it must b) inevita-
ble l.nv be correct, in practice. Nobody here
makes this law. not the Senate, not Congress.
By a higher 1 tw ttian any irom human power
whatever is correct in principle must be cor-
rect in practice.
I stand on tips rule. It is the teaching of
all history ; it is the teaching of human life;
especially is it the teaching of our national
experience during these latter eventful years.
How often have propositions been opposed in
this Chamber as correct in principle but not
practical! And how often what was correct
in principle triumphed over every obstacle !
When the proposition for the abolition of
shivery in: the District was brought forward
we were told that it was correct in principle,
but that it would not work well—that it was
not practical. So when the proposition was
brought forward to give the colored people
the right to testify in court, we were assured
that it was correct in principle but that it
would not be practical. . j
The same objection was made to the propo- j
siiion that colored people should ride in the '
horse-cars ; and 1 was gravely told that white
people would not use the cars if they were
oocned to colored people. The proposition
prevailed, and you and others know whether
a.iv iuj'iry therefrom has been done to the cars.
Then, again, when it was proposed to give
the ballot to all it. was announced that it might
be correct in principle, bat that it was not prac-
tical, and I, sir, was seriously assured by an
eminent citizen that it would bring about ma?-
tacre At the polls.
Now that it is proposed to apply the same
principle to the schools, we are again assured
with equal seriousness and gravity that though
correct in principle, it is not practical. Sir,
I take issue on that general proposition. I
insist that whatever is correct in principle is
practical. Anything else would make this
world a failure and obedience to the laws of
God impossible.
The provision which my friend would strike
out is simply to carry into education the same
principle which we have carried into the court-
room, into the horse car, and to the ballot-
box ; that is all. If there be any argument in
favor of the provision in these other cases,
allow me to say that it is stronger in the school-
room, inasmuch as the child is more impres-
sionable than the man. You should not begin
life with a rule that sanctions a prejudice.
Therefore do I insist, especially for the sake
of children, for the sake of those tender years
most susceptible to human influence, that we
should banish a rule which will make them
grow up with a separation which will be to
them a burden—a burden to the white, for every
prejudice is a burden to him who has it, and
a burden to the black, who will suffer always
under the degradation.
With what consistency can you deny to the
child equal rights in the school-room and
then give him equal rights at the ballot-box?
Having already accorded equal rights at the
ballot-box, I insist upon his equal right in.the
school-room also. One is the complement of
the other. It is not enough to give him a
separate school where he may have the same
kind of education with the white child. He will
not have the same kind of education. Every
child, white or black, has a right to be placed
under precisely the same influences, with the
same teachers, in the same school-room, with-
out any discrimination founded on his color.
You disown distinctions of sect; why keep up
those of color?
A great protection to the colored child, and
a great assurance of his education, will be
that he is educated ou the same benches and
by the same teachers with the white child.
You may give him what is sometimes called
an equivalent in another school; but this is
not equality. His right is to equality and not
to equivalit.y. He has equality only when he
comes into your common school and finds no
exsiusion there on account of his skin.
Strike out this provision and you will say
to the children ot this District, •"Thine is ;t
prejudice of color which we sanction; con-
tinue it; grow up with it in your souls.'' And |
worse still, the prejudice which you sanction j
will extend from this center over the wiiole |
country. This is a center and not a corner.
What we do here will be an example in dis-
tant places.
My friend says that this provision will hurt'
the schools. Pardou me ; he is mistaken. It
will help the schools. Everything that brings
the schools in harmony with great principles
and with divine truth must help them. Any-
tiling that makes them antagonistic to great
principles and to divine truth hurts them.
Strike out this provision and you hurt them
seriously, vitally; you stab them here in the-
house of their friends. In a bill to promote
education you deal it a fatal blow.
Sir, as 1 cherish education, as I love free-
dom, as at all times I stand by human rights,
so do I cherish, love, and stand by this safe-
guard. It is worth the whole bill. Strike it
out, and the bill is too poor to be adopted. If
it should be passed thus shorn—I say it, sir,
because I must say it—it will bring disgrace
upon Congress.
To the colored people here we owe, cer-
tainly, equality; we owe to them the practical
recognition of ilie promises of the DecUiation
of Independence; and still further, we must
see that the common schools of this District
are an example throughout the country. We
cannot afford to do less. Everywhere through-
nut the region lately cursed by slavery this
dark prejudice still lingers and lowers. Ftora
our vantage ground here, we must strike it,
and, according to our power, destroy it. But
if the proposition ot my friend prevails, you
will encourage and foster it.
Now, sir, against the statement of my fiiend,
the chairman, I oppose the statement of ex-
perts; I oppose a statement which, I venture
to say here, cannot be answered. It is not
my statement. I should not venture to say
anything like that of anything that I said. I
oppose a report made by the trustees of the
colored schools in Washington, and I ask the
attention of the Senate to what I read. It is
a report made to the Secretary of the Interior
December 31. 1870, and communicated to the
Senate by the Secretary January 18, 1871.
Under the head of '"need of additional legis-
lation" the trustees of the colored schools
express themselves as follows:
" It is our judgment that the best interests of the
colored people ot this capital, and not theirs alone,
but those of all classes, require the abrogation ol all
laws and institutions ereatins or tending to perpetu-
ate distinctions based on color, and the enactment
in their stead of such provisions as shall secure equal
privileges to at! classes of citizens. The laws^reat-
ins the pres.ent system of separate schools for colored
children in this District were enacted as a tempo-
rary expedient to meet a condition of things which
has now passed away."
How wise is that remark! These are colored
men who wrote this. They say;
" The laws creating the present system of separate
schools lor colored children in this District were
enacted as a temporary expedient to meet a condi-
tion of things which has now passed away."
That condition of things was a part of the
legacy of slavery. Tney then proceed:
"That they recognize and tend to perpetuate a
cruel, unreasonable, and unchristian prejudice, which
has been and is the source of untold wroug and in-
justice to that class of the community which we rep-
resent. is ample reason for their modification. The
experience ot this community for the iast few y^irs
has fully demonstrated that the association of differ-
entraces, in their daily occupations andcivicduties.
is as consistent with the general convenience as it is
with justice. And custom is now fully reconciled at
this capital to the seating side by side of white and
colored people in the railway ear, the jury-box, the
municipal and Government offices, in the city coun-
cils, and even in the Halls of the two Houses of Con-
gress. Yetwhile thefathers maysit together in those
high places of honor and trust, the children are re-
quired by law to be educated apart. We see neither
reason nor justice in this discrnnina'ion. Tt" the
fathers are fit to associate, why are not the children
equally so?"
I should like my honorable friend, the chair-
man, to answer that question when 1 hnv  fin-
ished this report. "If the fatheis are lit, to
associate, why are not the children equally
so?': The report then proceeds;
"Children, naturally, are not affected by this pre-
judice of race or color. To educate them in separate
schools tends to beget and intensify it in their young
minds, and so to perpetuate itto future generations.
If it is the intention of the United States that these
children shall become citizens in fact, equal before
the law with all others, why train them to recognize
these unjust and impolitic distinctions?"
There I would interpose a remark affirming
that inquiry: Why will you make your school-
house the nursery of prejudice inconsistent
with the declared principles of your institu-
tions? The report proceeds:
"To do so is not only contrary to reason, but also
to the injunction of .Scripture, which says 'Train
up a child in the way he should go, and when he is
old he will not depart from it.'"
And yet, could my friend prevail, he would
train up a child in the way he should not go,
because he would not, I kuow, encourage him
in this prejudice. The report proceeds:
" Objection to the step here recommended has been
made on the ground ot expediency. Every advanced
step in the same direction has been opposed ou the
same superficial allegation. . ,
" The right of the colored man to ride in the rail-
vrny cars, to cast the ballot, to sit on the jury, to
hold office, and even to bear artns in defense ot his
country, has encountered the same objection, A\ e
are confident that it will prove of no greater weight
in the present case than it has m the others. Ihere
is noaiguuient lor equality at the ballot-box, in the
e r«?, or ihojury, in holding office and bearing arms,
which is not *qualiy applicable in the present case.
We may go furlbor, and insist that equality in the
other eases requires equality here; otherwise, tUe
wholo system is incomplete aod iahannomous,"
