1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
discord ; they differ from- each other—one
seeking unity for these two Governments, the
other seeking to sell his country for a price.
But, whatever may be the sentiment of the
people, whether Baez and Cabral agree or
disagree, I- come back to the single practical
point that Baez has been maintained in power
by the naval fqrce of the United States. Deny
it, if you can.,-
Now, sir, try this again. Suppose daring
our civil war Louis Napoleon, in an evil hour,
had undertaken to setup Jefferson Davis as
the head of this Government, and then to make
a treaty with him by which Texas, said to have
been much coveted by the emperor, should be
yielded and become part of Mexico, which
itself.was to become more or less part of
France. Suppose Louis Napoleon had under-
taken such an enterprise) how should we feel
at it? Would not our blood boil? "Would it
be commended at all because we were told
that there were large numbers in the southern
Suites who favored it? Would not the trans-
action be considered intolerable? And yet this
is precisely what the United States are now
doing in the bay of Samanaand the port of St.
Domingo.
This may be seen in another light. We
complain of taxes. Do you know what we
have paid during this year in carrying out this
mistaken policy ? I have here an article which
I cut from a New York paper last evening,
being a letter from St. Domingo city, dated
December 6, 1870, from which I will read a,
sentence:
"The United States war steamer Swatara is on a
cruise, the Yantic is at St. Domingo city, and the
Nantaskct is at Samana."
Three ships out of the small Navy of the
United States sent down to these waters to
enforce this policy! If force were not to be
employed why these three ships ? Why the
necessity of any ship ? Tell me. Can there
be any good reason ?
When 1 think of all this accumulated power
in those waters, those three vessels, with the
patronage naturally incident to their presence,
it is not astonishing that there is on the sea-
board, immediately within their influence, a
certain sentiment in favor of annexation. But
when you penetrate the interior, beyond the
sight of their smoke, at least beyond the influ-
ence of their money, it is otherwise. There
the sentiment is adverse. There it is Cabral
who prevails. So at least I am assured.
Sir, I have presented but half of this case,
and perhaps the least painful part. I am now
brought to another aspect of it. This naval
force to which I have referred has also been
directed against the neighboring republic of
Hayti, (the only colored Government now ex-
isting in the world, a republic seeking to fol-
lowour great example,) penetrating its harbors
and undertaking to dictate to it what it shall
do. If you will read again the reports at the
Navy Department you will find that I do not
overstate when I say that they have undertaken
to dictate to the Government of Hayti what it
should do. Nor is this all. In an unhappy
moment the commodore of an American fleet,
going ashore, allowed himself to insult and
menace the Government there, saying that if
it interfered in any way with the territory of
Dominica he would blow the town down. So
I have been informed by one who ought 10
know. You look grave, sir. Well you may.
I wish I could give you the official evidence on
this assumption ; but I am assured, on evidence
that I regard as beyond question, that this inci-
dent has occurred. In what school was our
commodore reared ? The mother of Tittlebat
Titmouse told him that he must be careful never
to fight with a boy of his size. An American
commodore, in the same spirit, has undertaken
to insult a sister republic too weak to resist.
Of course, if ho did this on his own motion and
without instructions from Washington he ought
to be removed, in my judgment, and rather
than carry out such instructions he ought to
have thrown his sword into the sea.
Senators murmur. There isa rule of morals
and of honor above all other rules, and no
officer of Army or Navy can consent to do an
act of wrong. This was the voice of our fathers
during the Revolution. How we praised and
glorified those British officers who refused to
serve against them, generously sacrificing their
commissions rather than enforce a tyranny.
Often have I honored in my heart of hearts that
great man, one of the greatest in English his-
tory, Granville Sharpe, foremost of all Eng-
land's abolitionists, because while an humble
clerk and poor in one of the departments in
London, he resigned his post rather than sus-
tain that policy toward the colonies which he
regarded as wrong.
No naval officer should have allowed himself
to use such a menace toward this weak repub-
lic. By their very weakness were they strong;
and yet, sir, their weakness was the occasion
for the insult they received. Think you, sir,
that he would have used such language toward
England or France ? I think not.
All this is aggravated when we consider the
relations between Dominica and Hayti, and
bring this incredible transaction to the touch-
stone of international law. Dominica and
Hayti became one under President Boyer in
1828, and the whole island continued as a unit
until 1844, when Dominica rose against Hayti,
and after a bloody conflict of four years, in
1848 succeeded in securing its independence.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts yield to the Senator from
Indiana?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to suggest that it might help to a better under-
standing of the proposition he is about to state
if he will say that they became one by the con-
quest of Hayti, not by consent, but' by force
of arms?
Mr. SUMNER. I said that they became
one in 1828 and that they continued one till
1844. To what extent arms played a part I
have not said. Suffice it to say that Dominica
constituted a part of the Government of Hayti,
which was administered under the name of
Hayti. In 1838, while the two constituted
one, a treaty was made with France, which I
have before me, by which the Hay tien Govern-
ment agreed to pay, in certain annual install-
ments, the sum of 60,000,000 francs. Since
the separation of the two, Hayti has proceeded
with those payments, and I think the Senator
over the way will not deny that there is at least
ground of claim on the part of Hayti against
Dominica for contribution to those payments.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question about that? because I
do not desire to take up the time of the Sen-
ate in answering him, and that is this: whether
the debt for which Hayti agreed to pay France
00,000,000 francs was not for spoliations upon
the property of French citizens in Hayti, and
not in Dominica, and with which Dominica
never had anything to do ? That is the fact
about it.
Mr. SUMNER. Nothing is said in this
treaty before me of the consideration for these
payments.
Mr. MORTON. The history of the trans-
action shows that.
Mr. SUMNER. History shows, however,
that the two Governments were one at_ this
time, and I have to submit that there is at
least a question whether Dominica is not liable
to Hayti on that account. I mention this that
you may see the relation between the two Gov-
ernments.
But this is not all. Besides the treaty with
France, there is another between Hayti and
Dominica. I have no copy of it. The reso-
lution v h'ch I introduced the other day calls
for it. I became acquainted with it through
this protest which I hold in my hand, made by
the Government of Hayti to Mr. Seward, as
Secretary of State, and dated at Washington
the 5th of February, 1868, against the sale and
purchase of the Bay of Samana. In the course
of this protest I find the following allegation :
"Th&t there is a treaty between the Government
of Hayti and that of St. Domingo to the effect that
no part of the island can be alienated by either of
the two Governments."
Now, the point which I wish to present to
the Senate and to impress is that Hayti having
these claims on Dominica is interdicted from
their pursuit by an American commodore.
But perhaps I may be told—I see my friend,
the Senator from Indiana, is taking notes—that
the American commodore was justified under
the law of nations. _ I meet him on that point.
How could he be right? How could the law
of nations sanction such a wrong? The only
ground would be that during the pendency of
the negotiation, or while the treaty was under
consideration, the Government of the United
States would protect the territory to be trans-
ferred. I have seen that impossible pretension
put forth in newspapers. 1 call it "impossi-
ble." It is unfounded in the law of nations. Our
ships, during the negotiation of the treaty and
during its consideration in the Senate, had no
more right or power in those waters than before
the negotiation. Only when the treaty was
consummated by the act of the Senate, giving
to it advice and consent, could we execcise any
semblance of jurisdiction there. Every effort
at jurisdiction until that time was usurpation.
I read now from Wheaton's authoritative work
on international law, page 337, being part of
the section entitled, '' The treaty-making power
dependent on the municipal constitution
"In certain limited or constitutional monarchies
the consent of the legislative power of the nation is,
m some cases, required for that purpose. In some
republics, as in that of the United States of America,
the advice and consent of the Senate are essential
to enable the chief executive magistrate to pledge
the national faith in this form. In all these cases it
is consequently an implied condition, in negotiating
with foreign Powers, that the treaties concluded by
the executive Government shall be subject to ratifi-
cation in the manner prescribed by the fundamental
laws of tae State."
The Chief Magistrate can pledge the national
faith only according to the Constitution. Now,
I turn to another place in this same author-
itative work, being page 718, and read as fol-
lows :
"A treaty of peace binds the contracting parties
from the time of its signature."
Then follows an emphatic note from the
very able commentator, Mr. Dana :
"It would be more exact to say, 'from the time at
which the treaty is concluded.' If the political con-
stitution of a party to the treaty requires ratifica-
tion by a body in the State the treaty is conditional
until so ratified."
The treaty, therefore, had no effect until
ratified by the Senate, and, I repeat, every
attempt at jurisdiction in those waters was a
usurpation and an act of violence ; I think I
should not go too far if I said it was an act of
war. If a commodore leaves his quarter-deck,
goes ashore, and, with his guns commanding a
town, threatens to blow it down, is not this an
act of war ?
In Great Britain the exclusive prerogative of
making treaties is in the Crown, and so in most
other countries it is in the executive ; but I
need not remind you that in our country it is
otherwise. The exclusive prerogative here is
not in the Executive ; it is in the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate
and until that advice and consent have been
given he can exercise no power under that
treaty. Those waters were as sacred as the
waters about France or about England. He
might as well have penetrated the ports of
either of those countries and launched his
menace there as have penetrated the waters of
this weak Power and launched his menace.
I have called itanactof war—war, sir, made
by the Executive without the consent of Con-
