1056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Now, my friend, the chairman, would make
the system incomplete and inharmonious. He
would continue here at the' base that discord
which he would be one of the last to recognize
in the higher stages. The report proceeds:
" It is worthy of note in this connection that some
of tho most distinguished men in literary, social, and
political circles in this section of the country have
recently, in settihg forth their claims .to be Consid-
ered the best and truest friends of the people of
color, taken pains to inform the public that they
were reared With colored ohildren, played with them
in the sports of childhood, add were even suckled
by colored nurses in infancy; hence, that no preju-
dice against color exists on their part. If this be so,
then with what show of consistency or reason can
they object to the ohildren of both classessittingside
by side in school ?
"That the custom of separation on account of color
mustdisappear from our public schools, asithasfrom
our halls of justicc and of legislation, we regard as
but a question of tiuie. Whether this unjust, unrea-
sonable, and unchristian discrimination against our
children shall continue at the capital of this great
ltepublic is for the wisdom of Congress to determine.
' We deem it proper to add that a bill now be-
fore the honorable Senate, entitled 'A bill to secure
equal rights in the public sOhools of Washington
and Georgetown,'(8, No. 361, Forty-First Congress,
second session,) reported to that body May 6.1870. by
Mr. Senator Sumnbk, meets our approbation. It is
plain and simple, and prescribes the true rule of
equali# for our schools.' This bill is in the nature
of a "corner-stone."'
This report, so honorable to these trustees,
showing that they have a true appreciation of
principle, and also of what they owe to them-
selves and their race, and I trust also a true
appreciation of what they may justly expect
from Congress, concludes as follows:
"In conclusion, the trustees suggest that those
equal educational advantages to which all children
are entitled in accordance with the great principle
of equality before the law can.be obtained only
through the common school, where all children meet
together in the enjoyment of thesame opportunities,
the same improvements, and the same instructions.
Whatever then is done for white 'children will be
shared by their colored brethren, and all shall enjoy
the me care and supervision."
This is signed "William Syphax and Wil-
liam H. A. Wormley, trustees of colored
schools." There is, then, a minority report
signed by "Charles King, trustee of colored
schools of Washington and Georgetown," dis-
senting in some respects from the majority
report, but coinciding with it absolutely oti
this most important question. From the
minority report I read as follows :
'"In reference to schools of mixed raoes I think a
difference of opinion may exist among the real friends
of the colored people; but the time is rapidly ap-
proaching when this discrimination must be oblit-
erated all over our country, a.nd I know of no better
locality in which to make a beginning than in the
District of Columbia, and no better time than the
present."
Sir, those are wise words. That is Well put,
whatever may be the difficulties elsewhere in
other States, in other places, they should not
be allowed to prevail here. This member of
the board knows "no better locality in which
to make a beginning than in the District of
Columbia, and no better time than the pres-
ent."
He then proceeds:
"Let all discrimination on account of color be
avoided in the public schools of Washington, let
them be amply provided for in respect to funds and
teachers, and a very few years will see the example
followed all over our free country. The colored race
will feel the stimulating effects of direct competi-
tion with the white race, their ambition and self-
respect will grow under its influence and add dig-
nity to their character, and rapidly develop a style
and type of manhood that must place them on an
equality with any of the other races of men ,
"We baveseen this prejudice die outonthe field
of battle, where white and colored have fought to-
gether for the same flag. It has been met and con-
quered at the ballot-box and in the halls of our local
and general Legislaturesv and why should it not
receive the same fate in our school-rooms? Why
educate the American youth in the idea that supe-
riority exists in the color of the skin, when our Dec-
laration of Independence, of which we boast so
much, flatly contradicts it?"
Now, sir, I might wellleavethis whole ques-
tion on this remarkable statement by these
colored trustees. They have spoken for them-
selves, for their race, and for us. Who can
speak better ? I know not if anything can be
added to their report. I content myself with
one further word, concluding as I began.
The Senator from New Hampshire finds the
principle correct, but it is not practical. To
that 1 say try it. Try the principle and it will
be found practical. It will work. Never was
there any correct principle that would not
work. I know it is sometimes said that white
parents would not send their children to the
Schools. How long would that be? One
week, two weeks, one month, two months?
Some might do so possibly for a brief time,
just as for a brief time white persons refused
to enter the street cars when they were opened
to colored persons. It did not last long. Ac-
cording to my experience, men are not in the
habit of biting off their own noses for any
very long time. Life is too short to prolong
this process; and I do not believe that the
people of the District of Columbia would
reject for their children the advantages of the
common schools simply because these schools
were brought into harmony with the promises
of the Declaration of Independence.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I shall
vote against this amendment. The amend-
ment does not assume the form of striking
out this provision and making other provision
for the education of colored children. The
bill purports to provide a complete system of
education for this District. If this amend-
ment prevails and this provision be stricken
from the bill, there will be no provision what-
ever for the education of colored children, as
I understand the state of the law and the pro-
visions of the bill.
Mr. PATTERSON. Allow me to say that
that is an entire mistake, as I understand the
case. There is every provision then left for
the education of the colored children that there
is for the white children.
Mr. CARPENTER. That disposes, then,
completely of that objection; but that is only
one, and the smallest of the two objections
which I rose to make.
Mr. President, we have said by our Con-
stitution, we have said by our statutes, we
have said by our party platforms, we have said
through the political-press, we have said from
every stump in the land, that from this time
henceforth forever, where the American flag
floats, there shall be no distinction of race or
color or on account of previous condition of
servitude, but that all men, without regard to
these distinctions, shall be equal, undistin-
guished before the law. Now, Mr. President,
that principle covers this whole case. We
have said that these men, in common with all
men, shall vote. We have said that they shall
sit in the jury-box and upon the bench; that
they may hold office; and we have assumed to
destroy all these distinctions. If wo insist upon
destroying this distinction as to suffrage and
holding office, how absurd it is to set up the
distinction at the very fountain of life, and to
say that in education, which is to shape the
course of life, there shall be made the very
distinction which we have been amending the
Constitution and legislating for ten years to
abolish !
Mr. PATTERSON. Will the Senator allow
me to say one word?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir.
• Mr. PATTERSON. I will say that the
Senator entirely, I think, mistakes the char-
acter of the bill. The law of the District of
Columbia as it now stands enforces a sepa-
ration of whites and blacks ii^ the schools.
This bill is precisely like the law as it stands
in all our northern States. It ignores the word
"white" or "black," and provides a system
of education for the children of this District,
and says nothing about white or black, but
simply leaves it to the board of education in
each school district to determine for them-
selves whether they will mix the whites and
blacks or have separate schools for each. We
say nothing about it one way or the other,
but leave that question entirely to the board.
Mr. CARPENTER. I cannot be mistaken
in the motion which is made by the Senator
from New Hampshire, and which raised the
question now before the Senate. The bill con-
tains this provision:
And no distinction on account of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude shall be made in the
admission of pupils to any of the schools under the
control of the boaid of education, or in tho mode of
education or treatment of pupils in such schools.
The Senator now proposes to strike out these
words. Now let me ask him what is the object,
of striking out that clause if it be not to allow
the existence of such a distinction?
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say to my friend
that that clause enforces the mixing of whites
and blacks in the schools, so that in any in-
stance the boards have not liberty to make
separate schools if they choose. If that is left
out, it leaves it entirely optional with the
school board to mix the children in the schools
or not, as they please.
Mr. CARPENTER. Even with that explan-
ation I do not see that the principle involved
here is at all changed. We are by this bill
establishing a system of education in this Dis-
trict, or else we are doing nothing whatever;
and this bill as it comes from the committee
declares a principle which is sound if the
amendments to the Constitution are correct,
and if our legislation be proper for the last
ten years, that there shall be no distinction on
account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude made in our common schools.
This is no question of social equality. If
the Senator from New Hampshire chooses to
give a dinner party, he may make such dis-
criminations as he pleases; he need not do it
on the ground of color only, but coming into
his own color he may discriminate between
Senators and outsiders, and coming into the
Chamber he may discriminate among Sen-
ators; he may invite only those who belong to
his own political party or those who come
from his own section of country, or he may
make any other arbitrary distinction he pleases
in inviting his guests to partake of the hospi-
talities of his home. But here we are pio-
viding for the establishment and management
of a public institution, and I maintain that,
there is no more ground or reason in discrim-
inating as to color in the establishment of the,
common schools of the District than there is
in voting at the polls, and one cannot be
granted and the other justified.
Mr. THURMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish the Senator
from Ofeio would give way to me fora moment
to explain what the bill is for. It seems gen-
tlemen do not understand it.
Mr. THURMAN. I will reserve my right
to the floor when the Senator concludes.
Mr. PATTERSON. The present law, as I
just stated, enforces a separation ol black and
white children in the schools of the District.
Now, we have here some three or four differ-
ent school boards in the District of Colum-
bia. We have a board for the white schools
in Washington and a board for the, colored
schools; we have a board for Georgetown and
a board for the District outside ot thepe two
cities. The whole school policy of the Dis-
trict of Columbia is in a perfect muddle ; and
the board for colored schools have been in a
controversy for the last year and a half or two
years among themselves, fighting constantly at
their meetings. We found it necessary to have
some change made for the good of the schools,
colored as well as white.
What do we do? We simply make a bill
providing for the establishment of a school
system which shall cover the entire District,
and the schools are to be under the supervis-
ion of a single board, and we leave the law
just as it stands in our northern, eastern, and
western States, with "color " left entirely out,;
so that we do not legislate for colored children
or for white children, but we leave it to the
board of education to determine in each indi-
vidual case whether the schools shall be mixed
or separate. That is what we do in this bill
without this clause. Why do we do that?
