1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1057
Simply because men were constantly coming
to the committee saying that if the schools
were mixed we should lose the attendance of
very many children ; that many parents would
not send their children to schools where there
was a union of black and white children.
Even some ten of the most intelligent of the
colored people of this District came to my room
and discussed this matter with me. They said,
" Of course we should like to be on terms of
social equality with the white people, and
should like to mix with them in the schools
and elsewhere on such terms." But they
admitted that in their judgment the colored
schools of this District would be injured, and
the educational advantages of the colored
children would be injured, if we enforced a
mixing of white and colored children in the
school room ; and one of the board of trustees
lor colored schools came to my committee-
room yesterday and told me thatif that amend-
ment was put in the bill and passed by the
Senate it would be impossible to carry it into
execution, and if it were attempted it would
destroy the white schools of the District. So
members of the board of education for white
schools in this District have been to my house
and said the same thing.
I regret as much as anybody can the state
of things which exists in this District. I wish
that these prejudices did not exist and that
the children might be thrown together in the
schools; but we must take things as we find
them. My friend says that whatever is just is
politic. We hear from very good authority
that the times of men's ignorance must be
winked at. We hear also that it is the right
of every man to enjoy self government; but
my friend will hardly say that you could intro-
duce a democracy or a republic in the Micro-
nesian islands, among barbarians; and yet
they have all the natural rights whiclvwe have.
They must be educated up to a point where
they can exercise these political privileges and
rights. And so I hope the day will come, if
we educate the colored and white' children
alike in this District—and this bill gives equal
privileges—when they will be willing to mix
in the schools, and when this question which
now perplexes us will be done away with.
1 shall be perfectly content if the Senate
refuse to blot out this amendment. I only
wish to leave it to the Senate to decide. In
principle 1 am with the Senator from .Massa
chusetts. It is simply a question of the good
of the schools of this District.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, this is a
very large question that is now before the Sen-
ate. in my judgment it is the largest question
that is before the Senate. It is a question that
concerns not simply the white and colored
races, but it goes far deeper.
Now, I wish to say in advance of what I
shall submit to the Senate that I lmve always
been a friend of the common-school system.
1 have been so much a friend of it that I have
served for six years in the humble capacity of
a director of com mon schools. But i have not
been ignorant of the difficulties that arose from
our system of common schools; and though I
have not seen all the evils that the opponents
of that system see in it, these difficulties have
required of me the most careful consideration.
Sir, when a government is united with an
established church and it is part of its func-
tions and its policy to enforee a particular
religion, when a government is inseparably
connected with a peculiar fine of policy and it
has all the powers of government to enforce
that policy, then it may be that government
can override all individual liberty ami enforce
its system in every mode that it shall see fit to
adopt. But, where individual liberty prevails,
where individual liberty is the chief thing to
te promoted by government, where govern-
mMt is not to be a tyranny over the mdivid-
where no man has a right to enforce his
oMnious by governmental power upon any
man, then it becomes a very serious quea-
41st Cong. 3d Sssa.—No. 67.
tion how government shall deal with such sub-
jects as this.
Now, sir, let u's look for a moment at our
school system in the various States. All prop-
erty-holders are taxed by it. Every one, what-
ever his race, whatever his political opinions,
whatever bis religious creed, is compelled to
contribute to the support of these schools;
and yet, sir, how often has the complaint been
made—with how much justice i shall not now
say—that a man who is taxed to support these
common schools cannot in conscience send his
children to them? How often has he been
compelled to contribute to the'burdens of gov-
ernment for a purpose to which, exercising his
individual liberty and in the conscience of his
heart, he cannot subscribe?
That has been a very great difficulty in the
success of this system. We know, and know
full well, that thousands, nay, hundreds of
thousands, of parents in this country pay their
taxes, and yet receive no particle of benefit
from the common-school sj-stem. Whether
they are right or whether they are wrong I do
not pretend to say. But now it is proposed
that we shall go one step further and say not
only thatGovernmentshall exercise this power
of taxing all men for the support of the com
mon schools, disregarding all political opinions
of the parents and the children, and disregard-
ing all religious creeds too, but that it shall
also disregard the marked differences of race
that the Almighty himself has stamped upon
the people.
Sir, what is this but despotism? It was
Beranger, I think, who said : " Let me make
the songs of a people and I will make their
government." With much greater wisdom has
a distinguished philosopher said: ■' Let me edu-
cate the people and 1 will make the govern-
ment." Here the Government assumes to do
that which makes the Government, to educate
the people. Instead of leaving individual lib-
erty to choose for itself what shall be the edu-
cation of the youth of the country, we have an
attempt made here by arbitrary law to govern
every man's volition in the education of his
own children.
I say again the common-school system has
so many advantages that they outweigh the
objections which are made to it; but do not, I
entreat you, if you are friends of that system,
aggravate and' increase those difficulties. They
are large enough already; they keep hundreds
of thousands of children out of your common
schools; they tax hundreds of thousands of
people for the sapport of common schools who
do not derive one iota of benefit from them.
Do not aggravate these' difficulties by bringing
in the additional and terrible difficulty that
arises from the distinetions of race.
Why, sir, what is it that this bill with the
amendment of the chairman of the committee
proposes? Does it propose to deprive colored
children of education? Not the least bit in the
world. Every Senator knows fuil well thatthey
will be as woll educated as white children, so
far as they are capable of receiving education.
If they are, as so many Senators suppose, quite
as capable of recei vingeducation as the whites,
they will receive that education. It does them
no unjustiee; it creates no discrimination
against-theni any more than would a provision
that female and male schools should be sepa-
rate do injustice to female children. It appeals
simply to common sense to let this common-
school system succeed, and to let it succeed by
not arraying against it prejudices that every-
body agrees exist and that, I tell Senators, no
law in this world can obliterate. Never yet were
prejudices obliterated by law. I will go into
no question whether they are wise or unwise,
whether they are well or ill fouuded; it is suffi-
cient that they exist., and they are as much a
part of our nature as the color of our skin or
the features of our face. Every wise legislator
recognizes the fact. He may deplore it, but
when he deplores it he questions the wisdom
of Almighty God. The Almighty has made 113
what we are, physically, mentally, and mor-
ally ; and he who assumes to be winer than the
Almighty may in his own opinion be sapient,
but in the opinion of thoughtful men he only
shows his own folly.
Sir, we recognize facts that we deplore all
the time; and we recognize them in every way
and form; and wise legislation requires us to
do it. You do not attempt to force into onr
schools vicious or diseased children, because
you recognize vice as an existing fact and dis-
ease as an existing fact. I do not say that this
is parallel to the color of the skin, but the
principle is the same. You want to protect
your institution, you want to protect yonr
schools, and you accept a fact which you can-
not deny.
Now, Mr. President, let me give a little of
my own experience. I said that I had served
six long years in the humble capacity of a
director of common schools, and I will say
that I bestowed a large part of my time and
a great deal of labor in the discharge of that
function. In all that time, in the city in which
I live and where I was a director, there was a
larger proportion of colored population than
in any city in Ohio save one. In all that time
there vferc colored schools, and in all that time
they throve and prospered well. Not one man
of thein complained ; and I will say it to the
credit of some of the colored men of Columbus
that they are equal to any colored men I have
ever seen anywhere. In all that time not one
word of complaint was made that the schools
were kept separate, not one man of them
desired anything else. For the prosperity of
their schools they did not desire anything
else.
But now the Senator from Massachusetts
says that here in the national capital we should
set the example. The example of what? The
example of a forced mingling of these races in
the schools ; the example of the Government
exercising that power which I was going to
say would be tyrannical—the power ot'forcing
the mingling of these two races in the common
schools. I wish to call the attention of the
Senator to what is to be the result of this. We
are to set the example. Why set the example?
In order that it may be followed all over the
country. What will be the condition then? I
appeal to him, the friend of the colored youth,
what will be the condition of the colored youth
if this law is to be enforced everywhere ? Can
you not see it in your Military Academy at
West Point? Can you not see there what will
be the late of the minority, of the feebler, the
weaker race, at least in numbers, and some
people are uncharitable enough to suppose in
the qualities that make us what we are ? Can
you not see it? I tell you, if you want colored
children maltreated, if you want colored chil-
dren driven from the schools, if you wish to
deprive them of the benefits of your common-
school system, there is no better way than to
force them, by the power of the General Gov-
ernment, into those schools.
We were told that when you gave to the
colored race the right of suffrage, there you
intended to stop; that it was only political
rights that yon intended to give them; that
you did not intend to enforce social equality ;
that you did not intend to say to the white
race and the colored race, "Intermarry with
each other, mingle with each other in the pri-
vate parlor or at the private dinner table; we
mean nothing of that kind; we do not mean
social equality, but we mean political equality,
and that as a defense to this, race against the
aggressions of the more numerous and superior
white race." That is what von said, and yet
here we have had bill afier hill to do what?
Not to give them political equality, for that is
already given, but to enforce social equality,
for that is the step which is taken every day
by these bills. That is what you are doing.
I do not say anything about allowing them to
ride in the public conveyances of the country.
I never saw any great harm in that. In the old
