1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1669
make surveys around Charleston harbor and
in the Gulf, and to buoy new channels so that
our troops could get into the southern ports,
all the buoys and light-houses of which had
been destroyed. So the work was stopped all
along our coast. The gentleman also forgets
the difference between now and 1857. In
1857 we had only a little line of coast. Can
he tell me to-day where is the center line of
this country between the northwest and the
southeast, taking Key West in Florida as the
southeast point, and taking the most north-
western point in the country? The center,
sir, is Portland, Oregon. That is the center
of this country on that line, showing what a
vast addition there has been of northwestern
coast.
If he will examine the appropriations further
he will find that it has become necessary for
us to survey liydrographically from Panama to
San Francisco, on the Pacific side, in order to
protect our immense and growing country
upon that ocean. The loss of one steamship,
to say nothing of the lives which would be lost,
would be more than this whole appropriation
for the purpose indicated. We have not only
" to survey our own coast but the whole coast
of Mexico and the whole coast of Central
America between Panama and San Francisco
to protect our commerce, so that oun coast is
something more than eleven thousand miles
greater than in 1857.
Mr. M A YN ARD. This appropriation limits
the expenditure to the Atlantic and Gulf
coasts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
talking about the whole coast survey, which
was what he talked about. The gentleman
insists on the maxim 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I move to close debate on
the pending paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to add the words
"to be expended under the direction of the
Navy Department."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I make
the point that it is not in order, as it changes
the existing law.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to add the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That the superintendent of the Coast
Survey shall report to Congress, at the beginning of
cach annual session, the number and names of civil
employes arid their compensation, and the number
and names of each of the officers of the Army and
Navy employed upon this work, and full statement
of all other expenditures made under his direction.
Mr. DAWES. I make the point on that
amendment that it is not in order, as it changes
the existing law.
Mr. MAYNAHD. When we make appro-
priations we can require that he shall make a
report.
Mr. PETERS. No ; but you may say how
he shall expend the money.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
For continuing tho survey of the western coast of
the United States, including compensation of civil-
ians engaged in the work, $200,000: Provided, That
the operations shall include a hydrosraphic devel-
opment of the dangcrsof ocean navigation between
San Diego and Panama.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to increase the
a^ropriation from $200,000 to $400,000. The
survey of the Gulf and Atlantic coast has been
going on for sixty years, and we had the promise
twelve or fifteen years ago that it would be
long since completed ; but we have in this bill
an appropriation for the survey of the Atlantic
and Gulf coast of the United States and Lake
Champlain $391,000. Of the $600,000 appro-
priated in this bill only $200,000 is appropria-
ted for the survey of the northwestern coast,
extending as it does all the way from Mexico
so far west, as the gentleman from Massachu-
setts has told us, as to bring Portland, Ore-
gon, to be the center of the country. This
whole coast survey is one of those things which
has grown up to be an intolerable barnacle
upon the body-politic. It is one of those things
which ought to be looked into by Congress.
The fact is, Mr. Speaker, that the North
Atlantic coast.is a very agreeable place to
spend the summer ip. And there has been a
great disposition to make hydrographic sur-
veys there, while the Gulf and the southern
coast generally have been so much neglected
that, as has already been stated, when it be-
came neoessary to go there daring the war the
whole force of the survey had to be detailed
down there in order that ships might know
what course to take, and how to reach their
stations.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend so as to
make the amount $240,000. That was the
sum intended by the committee.
The remarks the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] has just made disclosed the
animus of all this opposition. It is local, and
belongs to that class of statesmanship which
believes in partition and equal distribution in
breaking into the Treasury of the United
States, and seeing to it that one mati carries
off just as many dollars as another. That is
the length and breadth of the statesmanship
which has animated the opposition of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee. After having de-
nounced the Coast Survey -as useless, as a
wasteful expenditure of money, as a matter
that ought to have been closed up ten years
ago, and ought not to be continued now, he
turns round and proposes to double the appro-
priation, provided he can have it somewhere
else than on a coast toward which he seems
to have some innate hostility.
Sir, I trust the officers of this Government
to administer it and to spend the moriey which
we intrust into their hands. Sir, we are about
opening up a large extent of new coast. I
stated it at eleven hundred miles a little while
ago; I should have said eleven thousand miles.
Mr. MAYNARD. Where does it lie?
Mr. DAWES. On the western coast. To-
ward that the for.ce of the Coast Survey is now
extending, and it is toward that we propose to
give this increased appropriation. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations have not got micro-
scopes to look and see that no one little foot
of ground has more of the public money ex-
pended upon it than another. The country is
a whole, and that which benefits one part of
it benefits the whole; and that is little and
miserable statesmanship which is bound down
to little localities and partialities in the appro-
priation of money for the general benefit of tho
whole country.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to oppose the
amendment. It might be supposed that from
my locality, if for no other re :son, if any-
body was able to look impartially on the dif-
ferent sea-boards of the country, I might be
able to do so ; and I ask gentlemen, I ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts himself, what
I have said to authorize or warrant anything
that has fallen from his lips?
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
order. Is not debate exhausted on the pend-
ing amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. MAYNARD. I claim to be a friend
of the Coast Survey as much as any mem-
ber of the House. My complaint is that this
work has been going on for such a length of
time with such miserable results, that we have
spent $10,000,000 and have so little to show
for it. Why, sir, the British coast survey,
under the charge of one rear admiral, accom-
plished more than has been done by our Coast
Survey during the whole of these sixty years.
England has surveyed all her coast and all
the coasts of her dependencies, while we have
been higglingalong on the north Atlanticcoast,
with no prospect that we shall ever get away
from there. I want to see our coast surveyed,
so that those who sail along our coasts shall
not be obliged to depend on a British admiralty
chart, as some of us were two years ago when
sailing on the western coast of the continent,
along the coast of Oregon and beyond. I am
in favor of having this work done; and if it is
necessary in order to complete the work on
the north Atlantic coast to spend a thousand
years or one year, and a million dollars or half^
a million dollars, let it be done. But in the
name of Heaven when is it to be done? They
told us in 1857 that it was more than half done
and was going on at an accelerated rate" of
progress. And when I ask the gentleman when
it is to be done I am told that it is a miserable,
pitiful spirit, and unstatesman-like, and that I
take microscopic views. I wish to see this
work done, and done not only ob the north
Atlantic coast, but done all around the country.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I can tell the gentleman
when it will be done.
Mr. MAYNARD. When ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. When there are np
salaries attached to the offices.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman has it
exactly. That is what I have been trying to
impress upon the House. We have got hero
some forty or fifty men in snug and comfort-
able places, going along quietly fqr a lifetime,
and who have no interest in bringing this work
to a close.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. DAWES. I move to close debate upon
the pending paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment offered by Mr. Dawes was
then agreed to.
The following paragraph was read:
For continuing tho publication of tho observations
made in the progress of coast survey, including
compensation for civilians engaged in the work, the
publication to be made at the Government Printing
Office, Slfi.OOu.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out that
paragraph. I have here the report for 1867,
containing some of these matters, and I wish
to call the attention of gentlemen to what
some of them are. I read from the table of
contents: "Comparison of Meters; Report
of J. A. P. Barnard and M.Tresca." That is
one. Then here is a report on " The Fauna of
the Gulf Stream, by L. F. Pourtales." Well,
that may be all very fine, but we do not want
it in this Coast Survey report. .We do not
care about printing the observations of gentle-
men engaged in that department of scientific
labor. Then I find " Geological and Zoologi-
cal Resources"—letters by Louis Agassiz.
That may be all very well, but it has no busi-
ness in the Coast Survey; it does not belong
to it. Then I find here "Vocabularies of
the Kodiak, Kenai., Sitka, and Alaskan Lan;
guages." Here is a specimen:
To fish for cod. 'Turn she-komtz. *
To barter. 'Turn shit-i-agh.
To buy. Turn ki-nk,
I love. Shee pu 'no it.
You love. Shee pun ne.
Heloves. Shee punt kuh.
We love. Shee pun. mpt.
Youlovo. Shee puntsh mpt.
Thoy lovo. Ta-shee-punt-kuh.
Alllove. Shitl-shoe-punt kuh.-
JL fight. Tull-'no it.
You fight. Tull-ne.
He fights. Tull-'ltuh.
"VVe fight. Tulln.mpt.
You fight. Tall sh. mpt.
They fi^ht. Ta-tull-.g. h.
All fight. Shitl-tull-.g.h.
1 did fight. Tum-tan-no it.
You did fight. Tum-tan-i.
Hedid fight. Na-tull't.
We did fight. Tura-tan-n. mpt.
You did fight. Turn tuu-shum-i.
Thoy, or all, did fight. Tum-cull co-oyt.
Now, if these gentlemen who are engaged in
this work wish incidentally to cultivate their
own taste or scientific ,knowledge while en-
gaged in prosecuting the coast survey, all very
well; but we are not here to publish any such
works or to cumber a work which ought to be
* The women who havo th6 small bon.6 or sticlc
through the under lip are called ske-homtz.
