HIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
times of slavery nothing was .more common
than to find in a stage-coach in the southern
States a lady and the nurse of her children or
her servant-maid by .her -.side. No objection
was made to it that ever I heard of in my life.
That is not it; I do not object at all to that;
but it comes to be a very different question
when yon seek by law to force the two races
into the same common schools together.
1 will say %vhile i am speaking on this sub-
ject that there is another singular thing that
we have, in legislation. I can understand how
a common carrier is bound to carry any man
who comes decently and is a respectable man
and tenders his fare for his conveyance; but I
never could understand why a private mail or
a private company having a place of amuse-
ment for his or their own emolument should
not be allowed to select whom they would
receive into their places of amusement. 1
never could understand by what right or au-
thority Government could say to the proprietor
of a theater, "You shall lceep a theater for
everybody." I never could understand why an
occupation that does not depend upon Gov-
ernment., an occupation that Government has
scarcely any right to interfere with at all, the
licensing of which is 110 prerogative ef Gov-
ernment, which comes under 110 prerogative
known 10 any Government in the world—I
never could understand why those who sustain
such an institution, if that great word can be
applied to it, or the proprietors who seek profit
from a private undertaking, might not say,
"This is a theater," or "This is an opera
hall" for such and sush people-and none
others. I have always thought, in my humble
anil poor way of judging, that, it was simply
tyrauny on the part of the Government to
undertake to iuterfere with the amusements
of the people.
But, the amusements of the people are of
slight consequence compared to this question
of the education of the pec pie; and wheu it
conies to that, 1 appeal in behalf of these very
colored children 10 the facts which no man can
deny, that when you undertake by means of
law to force them upon the white youth of the
country, whatever may be your intentions,
however good they may be, you are the worst
enemies the colored race ever had. There is
antagonism enough between the colored race
and the white race in this country. By means
of your Loyal Leagues and other such instru-
mentalities you have drawn the line between
the races in the whole southern country ; you
have made it almost impossible for a black
man to vote a particular political ticket in that
country. You have forgotten that in a few
years the bUck race in this country will not be
one ninth of its population. You have for-
gotten that before the youngest man on this
Senate floor will probably die it will not make
the one fifteenth of the population of the Uni-
ted States. And yet, in the lace of this, you
insist upou forcing that minority into an antag-
onism with the superior and the dominant race
of the country.
I say if you want the destruction of the
weaker race this is the way to begin it. In-
stead of antagonizing that race with the white,
you ought to have done everything you could
to prevent antagonism. Friends of the black
race, you ought not to have urged them 011 to
a battle against three times their number and
ten times their intelligence. And yet this is
done; the peculiar friends of this race, for-
sooth, are urging them—now only about one
ninth of the country, in a short time to be only
one fifteenth of the population, in less than
half a century to be only one twentieth of the
population—forcing them into a contest; you
keep up antagonism between the races; you
force tuern into strife with a race far their
superior in the energy of its character, and far
their superior in the number of its people.
Do it, gentlemen, if you please; but if you
do not live to regret it the future historian of
America will record that you have precipitated
these people into a contest which has resulted
in their utter destruction.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I regret
that this question has come here in this form.
If the bill had been reported without the clause
to which attention is now drawn I can con-
ceive no considerable objection that might have
been urged to the section as thus reported.
But since the committee have included in the
bill a provision tliat "no distinction on ac-
count of race, color, or previous condition of
servitude shall be made in the admission of
pupils to any of the schools under the control
of the board of education, or in the mode
of education or treatment of pupils in such
schools," we must meet the question fairly
and squarely. If the Senate shall see fit to
strike out that provision, it seems to me that
it will be a distinct announcement to the coun-
try that the Senate do not agree to the policy
of giving the colored race equal rights in the
public schools. Had the bill been originally
reported without this clause it would not ne-
cessarily follow that the children of the two
races would be denied equal rights in the
schools; for it would be left to the board
created by the bill to exercise their discretion
011 the question whether children of either
race should or should not be admitted to the
same schools. This questioH might or might
not be decided on the principles to which the
Senate and the country stand committed on
questions of this character. But strike out
this clause now that is here and it will be
taken as a renunciation 011 the partof the Sen-
ate of their faith in the universal application
of the doctrine of the equality of all men before
the law. I shall therefore feel compelled to
vote to retain it.
1 am aware that in the practical operation
of this bill serious difficulties may be encoun-
tered. I know that prejudices 011 this subject
do exist, and that their entire annihilation, if
possible at all, will come only by a radical
change in the habits of thought now prevailing
and the lapse of much time ; I know that there
are white people in this District, and large num-
bers of white people, who will probably take
their children away from the public schools if
you admit into the public-school system the
principle that all ehilren shall be equal there
and have equal privileges. But that same pre-
judice has existed with regard to every other
step Bfhich has been taken by the Congress of
the United States toward the establishment of
the equal rights of the races. It has manifested
itselt 011 every occasion. It exhibited itself
when you proposed to enroll the colored man
in the ranks of the defenders of the country.
It exhibited itself when you decreed that the
testimony of a colored man should be admitted
in your courts of justice. It was not silent
when you declared that a dark skin was not
enough to exclude the negro from the jury, it
was outspoken when you placed in his hands
that great safeguard for his liberties, the bal-
lot. It will be heard and seen for years yet-to
come.
But is it for a Congress or a people who have
taken the giant strides of the past ten years
against these prejudices to retrace their steps
011 a question like this? Will not the preju-
dices 011 thissubject, as on many other kindred
quesfions, be gradually softened and ultimately
Uie out? But granting that they exist for long
years to come, are we ready to concede what
we know to be just and proper and wise 111
deference to a prejudice never so firmly rooted ?
I remember very well when, under the gov-
ernment of the State which 1 have the honor
in part to represent on this floor, a provision
was made that the public conveyances should
be open to the people of both races that large
numbers of the white population said they
would not ride in public conveyances; they
would go in their private carriages, or they
would walk; and lor nine days or less that was
the talk. Some were as good as their word,
and took other modes of conveyance. But
finally they got leg weary and tired of the ex-
pense of paying lor private conveyances, and
they went back and took their s-eats in the
public conveyances, and sat side by side with
that race, in sitting by the side of which there
had been no indignity when that race was sub-
ject and they were dominant.
Mr. President, this prejudice of race is not,
perhaps, so deep as it appears. I have some-
times thought that it has been made much more
prominent by the fact that the colored 111,111 has
by the turn of events been placed 011 a political
equality with his former master. Tne most
intimate association between whites and blacks
was of frequent occurrence in the days ot sla-
very, and 110 loss of self-respect was experi-
enced, 110 pride of race aroused, 110 delicacy
of taste offended. 11 is when the wronggd are
righted, when the downtrodden are lifted up,
when all are recognized as political equals,
that the prejudices of race and pride of caste
assert themselves.
Mr. President, the Senator from Ohio has
said that they are no true friends of the black
race who ask that a provision like this should
be inserted in this bill; that it will tend to
bring on a conflict between the races, in which
the black race, as the weaker, must go to the
wall; and that in the end tliey will lie great
sufferers by this attempt to give them the rights
of the public schools.
Sir, 1 do not apprehend any such result.
Every step we have hitherto taken to elevate
the black race to a political level with the
whites has resulted in their benefit. In a revo-
lution like that through which they have passed
it would be indeed marvelous if there had not
been occurrences to be deplored; but the im-
provement of their condition in the last five
years is, 011 the whole, more marvelous than
anything ou record, and it is directly the result
of the measures of the Republican Congress
of the United States, all taken in direct hos-
tility to the prejudices of our political oppo-
nents. Conflicts have occasionally arisen be-
tween the two races 011 account of the exercise
by the colored men of the rights accorded to
them by law; but they have been few in num-
ber ill comparison to what might reasonably'
have been expected considering the condition
from which the negro had risen and the spirit
left as one of the terrible legacies of slavery.
With this experience, shall we now hesitate
to do right because men choose to hug their
old idols and cling to their old prejudices?
Can the American Congress to-day afford to
take a retrograde step in this important mat-
ter? There is but one ground 011 this question
so far as the principle of it is concerned. No
man who accepts what has been done with
regard to placing the black race 011 an equality
with the white race in this country and giving
them equal political rights can maintain for
a moment the position that it is not right to
give them equal rights in the schools.
Mr. PATt'ERSON. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will be glad if my
friend will proceed to show bow the colored
children are deprived of any right which white
children enjoy if this provision be stricken
out. I ask him if they have not every right in
the schools under the bill without this pro-
vision which white people's children have.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then what is tha
object of striking it out?
Mr. PAT 1'EltSON. Simply so as not to
enforce their being together in the same school.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Under the original bill,
they can mix or not.
Mr. PAT 1'EliSON. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. My friend fiotu New Hamp-
shire and I were boih born in that portion of
the country where it is a very common thing to
answer a question by asking another; and I
will ask him whether he does not in conscience
believe that, if this provision by formal vote
of this body is stricken out, it will be taken
