1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1671
You will see that provision is made for per-
manent improvements in all of them. Here,
where we have only a couple of old tubs, stiil
there are officers enough employed to man a
whole navy. These are appropriations for
permanent improvements, so that you cannot
abolish them hereafter, or at least will not; for
when the proposition comes up to have two or
three or four navy-yards which would be suffi-
cient for the whole Navy of the country for
building your vessels, for repairing them, for
everything, when you desire to have that policy
established, then you will be told, "No, you
cannot; you have made permanent improve-
ments ; you have got your navy-yards, and
you cannot abolish them; you have spent so
many hundreds of thousands of dollars, and
it will not do to talk of abolishing them."
The very object of the gentlemen who made
these estimates was to prevent that policy being
adopted by Congress, which is in the line of
the policy we have carried out in reference to
the Army, and the Navy too.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman allow
mo a question?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman speaks of a
policy with regard to the abolition of the navy-
yards. I would ask him. who has recom-
mended any such policy?
Mr. LOGAN. 1 will answerthe gentleman.
I do not know that the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lyxch], has recommended it. I think
fie has not. I will tell him who has recom-
mended it. It has been recommended by the
ablest men on this floor. It has been recom-
mended by the men who are intrusted with
these appropriations. It has been recom-
mended, so far as the Army is concerned, by
the Secretary of War; and all the men who
desire the affaire of this country to be admin-
istered honestly, fairly, and justly want to see
that policy'carried out. But gentlemen who
do not measure breadlh of beam sufficient to
understand the great interests and wants of
the whole country, and are only governed by
some miserable interest that is close to them
or their constituents, or their homes, and who
are interested in some little officers, some
petty satraps, want these navy-yards to be
scattered all over the land, so that there may
be expenditures here, there, and everywhere,
and that hordes of people may constantly be
maintained at the public expense. That, sir,
is what all this means. England has adopted
the policy of abolishing the navy-yards, and is
now building her war ships, many of them, by
private contract.
•[Here the hammer fell.']
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all but the last word.
It is my impression, Mr. Speaker, that the
"permanent improvements" spoken of in this
paragraph do not imply any extension of the
yards or any expenditures of money that will
make it impracticable or difficult to remove
them if it should be necessary. The appropri-
ation is not of such an amount as to justify any
such improvements as will have that effect.
If there is a new foundation to be laid, if there
is new machinery introduced, that is a perma-
nent improvement; it is not strictly repair.
And these are the improvements that are
intended to be covered by this appropriation.
It is not such an extension of the yard nor
such an extension of the means of doing the
work of the yard as will weigh at all against
any general policy for the removal or aboli-
tion of the yards, if that shall be thought to be
nccessary.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if the extension of the yards is not a
" permanent improvement?"
Mr. BANKS. The extension of the yards,
no doubt, would bea permanent improvement;
but that is not embraced in this appropriation,
and could not be made without a special act
of Congress.
Mr. LOGAN. We have hero an appropri-
ation for "repairs of all kinds" of $75,000,
andan appropriation for " permanent improve-
ments" of $75,000. Improvements of what?
Why, improvements of the navy-yards.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] must see that the difference
between repairs and permanent improvements
is a very narrow one. Suppose there is a forge
in the navy-yard at Charlestown, and it is out
of repair, then it will be repaired out of this
fund for repairs. Suppose there is a forge
wanted or a new forge of more extensive
dimensions to do some work that is of import-
ance to be done, or any kind of machinery that
is of importance or necessary to complete some
job, then that is a permanent improvement,
and not a repair. And certainly the House
ought not to take from the navy-yards the priv-
ilege of having those improvements.
Mr. LOGAN. That is not the intention
at all.
Mr. BANKS. I think it is. I so under-
stood. I submit that there is a necessity
for appropriations of this character. If, for
instance, it should be necessary to provide a
more permanent foundation than now exists,
in order to complete some work, that is a
permanent improvement. It does not come
absolutely within the language of "repairs,"
because it is the construction of new works,
and yet it does not weigh for a single moment
against the abolition of this yard or all the
yards, if such a policy should be indorsed by
the Government.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me a single moment?
Mr. BANKS. I will.
Air. STEVENS. There are in the Wash-
ington navy-yard to-day what may be called
"improvements " when put in, machines cost-
ing ten or twenty thousand dollars, perma-
nent improvements which are placed there for
permanent use. I mention that merely by the
way of illustrating the gentleman's position.
Mr. BANKS. Yes, if there is necessity for a
machine in the Washington or the Charlestown
navy-yard for the manufacture of percussion
caps, it comes under the head "permanent
improvements and repairs;" and yet the gen-
tleman from Illinois,-and certainly the House
of Representatives, will not say that if such an
expenditure were necessary, it ought not to be
allowed, because it would interfere with the
question of the removal or the abolition of the
yards. If the gentleman will consider that dis-
tinction between repairs and permanent im-
provements in the light of the amount of the
appropriation, which is $75,000, he will see
that there can be no such extension^ of the
yards and no such increased value given to
"them by these appropriations as will weigh for
a single moment against any proposition to
change them.
Mr. LOGAN. I am not questioning the fact
that naval men may construe " permanent im-
provements " so as to bring them within this
appropriation, but I ask the gentleman this
question. Suppose the superintendent of the
yard desired to extend the yard, or to extend
any house or building in the yard, or to put
up a wall, or anything of that kind, would not
thatcomeunder the term'1 permanent improve-
ments?"
Mr. BANKS. It should come in under the
term " permanent improvements, " but it
would not be within the power of the officers
of the yard to do these things. It is not within
the power of the officers of these yards under
this appropriation to extend the yards or to
buy land to extend them.
Mr. LOGAN. Not to buy land. I am not
talking about purchasing land.
Mr. BANKS. " Extend the yard " was the"
gentleman's very phrase.
Mr. LOGAN. The Government may own
the land, and then may extend the yard with-
out purchasing land.
Mr. BANKS. No; the yard covers the land
pretty well now.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, and suppose they
extend a machine-shop, or any other building
in the yard, or aperruanent wall, that becomes
a fixture, 1 ask if this may not be under this
bill?
Mr. BANKS. That certainly is a perma-
nent improvement.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. That is what I am talking
about.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the House will give
mo two minutes longer. Such work as that
referred to by the gentleman from Illinois
would undoubtedly come within the scope of
"permanent improvements:" but every man
will admit that if there is a wall to be built a
rod or two, or two or three rods, in order to
encompass lands owned by the Government,
for a navy-yard, they ought to have the power
to construct it. Now, let me say that the
amount necessary for repairs in these yards
will be from fifty to sixty thousand dollars.
That is the ordinary expenditure for repairs,
and that would leave not more than from ten
to fifteen thousand dollars for permanent im-
provements if any should be needed. Now I
propose to the gentleman from Illinois a com-
promise. Why should not this question of the
removal or abolition of the navy-yards be
postponed until wo consider the question of
the removal of the capital of the country?
[Laughter.] Let these questions go over
together.
Mr. LOGAN. Is the gentleman speaking
to me?
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, I did not desire to
discuss the removal of the Capitol at this par-
ticular time, but I am ready for the discussion
if the gentleman desires it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. I propose to postpone it.
Mr. SCHUMAKElt. Mr. Speaker, I am
opposed to the proposition to remove the
Brooklyn navy-yard to New London, Connec-
ticut. The harbor of New London is too much
exposed upon our coast to be of any service
as a naval station in time of war. It would
require a large army on the land and a large
fleet on the sea to protect it from an enemy;
besides, it is too far removed from -the mate-
rials—coal and iron—which will hereafter be
extensively used in all our navy-yards in the
building of iron vessels. Another potential
reason is that it is not near any of the large
cities of this country, tor whose defense a
navy-yard is essential and a great auxiliary in
the construction of engines of war and the
manufacture of munitions of war. Similar
views to these were entertained and avowed
by Hon. Gideon Welles, late Secretary of the
Navy, when he accepted League Island a few
years ago, in preference to New London, as a
site for a navy-yard. Although Connecticut
was his native State and his home, although
he was personally and politically interested
in her welfare, yet as an impartial executive
officer he decided, for the reasons above
stated, that New London was not a fit place
for a naval depot. Its past history in time
of war will be of some interest to this House.
General Arnold, the traitor, at the head of an
English army, burned the town in 1781 and
massacred the garrison in Fort Griswold, and
during the war of 1812 with Great Britain the
harbor was almost continually under a close
blockade. Commodore Decatur, with the flag-
ship Macedonia and sloop of war Hornet, was
blockaded there from June 1, 1818, until the
end of the war. He was obliged to abandon
the vessels and return to New York by iand
during the summer of 1814. And now,^ Mr.
Speaker, with the immense and powerful iron-
clads of the present, day, who can doubt for an
instant that New London would become an
easy prey to au enemy ? I think that if any gen-
