1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
and understood by the opponents of mixed
schools in 1 his District as an indorsement of
the principle of separate schools?
Mr. PATTERSON. I think not; and it is
very doubtful from my information whether a
majority of the colored people in this District
desire this clause in the bill. I have pretty
good reason to think that a majority of the
colored people in the District do not want this
provision in the bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow rae to suggest
to my friend that we heard here for twenty
years that the colored people of the South did
not want their freedom.
Mr. PATTERSON. Suppose we did; I do
not know that that affects this question one
way or the other.
Mr.SAWYER. I do not think the question
whether this or that class of people want a
thing which is right in itself has much to do
with it here. The question is whether the
privileges of the public schools are privileges to
which one man lias as good a right as another.
The question is whether the privileges of the
public schools are privileges which belong
to the public. I take issue entirely w'ith the
distinguished Senator from Ohio, who talks
about these as social privileges. These schools
are maintained by the public funds, common,
public funds—funds contributed by the entire
community, funds raised by taxation, paid not
by white men alone, but by men of all colors—
and those funds should be administered im-
partially, giving to no class of men any privi-
lege over another class of men.
1 say again, that if we adopt the principle
which the Senator from Ohio has laid down,
and assert th: t we can exclude the children
of colored men from the schools on the same
principle that we would exclude diseased
pupils, we prove too much; for, carrying out j
that principle, we should be enabled to exclude
any class that happened to be disagreeable or
obnoxious to the prejudices of over-nice peo-
ple. No such doctrine can be maintained by
any man who believes in the doctrine of equal
rights for men of all races who are recognized
as American citizens.
Mr. President, strike out this clause and we
stand before the country as reversing the action
which has been the chief glory of the Repub-
lican party, as disavowing at this late day
principles we have battled for and established
in the hearts of the good men of this country,
as unsaying all the grand dicta of human rights
which have illustrated the pages of American
history in the last ten years. We cannot
afford to do this. To do it here, and now,
in a bill which is to provide for the education
of the youth of this District, would be in my
judgment a betrayal of our trust, a gross sac-
rifiee of principle, an unnecessary and impol-
itic concession to a prejudice having its origin
in that once, but fortunately no longer, pro-
lific source of evils, slavery.
Now, Mr. President, it does seem to me
that from the logic of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts on this question there is no escape
whatever. Having voted for all the measures
which tended to equalize the rights of the two
races, when we come to this which is perhaps
as important as any of the kindred propositions
which have preceded it, we must, if we keep
faith with ourselves, with our constituencies,
with our principles, so vote that the board of
school commissioners created by this bill can-
not play fast and loose on a subject so vital to
the colored race.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I am aston-
ished at the amount of excitement that has
been gotten up oil this question. On this
question I tread no step backward. Every
Senator understands perfectly that in the be-
ginning of the rebellion, when we commenced
to enroll colored soldiers we mixed them, if
they were very few in numbers, with our white
soldiers. Every gentleman understands per-
fectly that when there were enough of them,
when they were sufficient in numbers to form
companies and regiments, they of choice asked
that they might be permitted to organize col-,
ored regiments. They preferred to be drilled'
together. They had not had the opportuni-
ties of military education that our white men
had had, and they desired to be drilled together
in order that they might make the greater
advancement; and it was sensible to permit
them to be so drilled in companies all of their
own kind.
And on the subject of education: to-day,
sir, in your Village at home you have one or
two or three colored children, and you take
them into your schools. It is so in the schools
at my own home ; there are very few of them,
and rather than deprive them of any privilege,
rather than deprive them of any right, we
receive them into our schools, and there is no
distinction there so far as education is con-
cerned, and no distinction so far as the asso-
ciation is concerned, except for their positive
benefit. But is it a crime to be practical ? Is
it a crime to act and practice upon common
sense and the dictates of common humanity
everywhere? When in my own Radical town,
with an overwhelming Radical population, we
shall have an equal number of colored chil-
dren to educate with our white children, then,
in justice to those colored children, that they
may have better advantages than they could
when mixed up with our white children, we
will give them separate schools, if I can edu-
cate the public mind up to that point; or per-
haps I should make no such qualification, for
it will need no education on that subject.
Here provision is made for a common fund,
and each race is to draw that which of right
belongs to it; we give to each its proportion of
that common fund.' We simply permit the col-
ored children to sit on the other side of a thin
partition to receive their instruction, the same
instruction in letters, the same instruction in
science, without any distinction on account of
the education at all. If we permit them, for
convenience' sake, for the sake of their own
individual advantage and education, to be
taught ia a buiiding separate, or in separate
rooms of the same building, we are told that
therefore, forsooth, we are treading steps
backward upon a subject of this kind I It
would not be parliamentary for me to utter
the language which my feelings would dictate
in describing such a system of ethics and of
logical deduction.
it is said that because we have given to
both races equal opportunities of the ballot-
box we are bound to make all go into the
same house and sit on the same benches at
school. You have but one place of casting
your ballots, and therefore you all go to the
same ballot-box. You have in this case but
one fountain of education, and you all go to
that same fountain of education. You have
but one set of text-books, and all participate
in instruction to the same ultimate extent from
the same text-books. And while that is the
case, you ask me to fear that somebody will
suppose that I am going backward in the
cause of humanity when I say that I prefer,
and intend to have it in this District so far
as my vote is concerned, the privilege given
to the colored children of associating where
they shall not be overshadowed by the superior
advantages of your children and my children;
but for their own good I demand for them the
high privilege of separate schools.
Mr. REVELS. Mr. President, I rise to
express a few thoughts on this subject. It is
not often that Iask the attention of the Senate
on any subject, but this is one on which I feel
it to be my duty to make a few brief remarks.
In regard to the wishes of the colored peo-
ple of this city I will simply say that the trus-
tees of colored schools and some of the most
intelligent colored men of this place have said
to me that they would have before asked for
a bill abolishing the separate colored schools
and putting all childreu on an equality in the
common sohools if they had thought they
h could obtain it. They feared they could not;
! and this is the only reason why they did not
! ask for it before.
I find that the prejudice in this country to
;j color is very great, and I sometimes fear that
j it is on the increase. For example, let me
' remark that it matters not how'eolored people
act, it matters not how well they behave them-
selves, how well they deport themselves, how
intelligent they may be, how refined they may
be—for there are some colored persons who
are persons of refinement; this must be ad-
mitted—the prejudice against them is equally
as great as it is against the most low and
degraded colored man you can find in the
streets of this city or in any other place.
This, Mr. President, I do seriously regret.
And is this prejudice right? Have the col-
ored people done anything to justify the pre-
judice against them that does exist in the
hearts of so many white persons, and gen-
erally of one great political party in this coun-
try? Have they done anything to justify it?
No, sir. Can any reason be given why this
| prejudice should be fostered in so many hearts
against them, simply because they are not
| white? I make these remarks in all kindness,
j and from no bitterness of feeling at all.
! Mr. President, if this prejudice has no cause
| to justify it, then we must admit that it is
' wicked, we must admit that it is wrong; we
' must admit that it has not the approval of
Heaven. Therefore I hold it to lie the duty
of this nation to discourage it, simply because
it is wicked, because it is wrong, because it
is not approved of by Heaven, if the nation
| should take a step for the encouragement of
] this prejudice against the colored race, can
i they have any ground upon which to predicate
■ a hope that Heaven will smile upon them and
j prosper them ? It is evident that it is the
j belief of Christian people in this country and
j in all other enlightened portions of the world
i that as a natiou we have passed through a
severe ordeal, that severe judgments have been
poured out upon us on account of the manner
ia which a poor, oppressed race was treated in
this country. ,
Sir, this prejudice should be resisted. Steps
should be taken by which to discourage it.
Shall we do so by taking a step in this direc-
tion, if the amendment now proposed to the
bill before us is adopted? Not at all. That
i 8tepwill rather encourage, will rather increase
i this prejudice ; and this is one reason why i
am opposed to tiie adoption of the amend-
, ment.
] Mr. President, let me here remark that if
I this amendment is rejected, so that the schools
i will be left open for all children to be entered
into them, irrespective of race, color, or pre-
vious condition, I do not believe the colored
people will act imprudently. 1 know that in
one or two of the late insurrectionary States
the Legislatures passed laws establishing mixed
schools, aud the colored people did not hur-
riedly shove their children into those schools ;
they were very slow about it. In some local-
ities where there was but little prejudice or
opposition to it they entered them immedi-
ately ; in others they did not do so. I do not
believe that it is in the colored people to act
rashly and unwisely in a matter of this kind.
But, sir, let me say that it is the wish of the
colored people of this District, and of the
colored people over this land, that this Con-
gress shall not do anything which will increase
that prejudice which is now fearfully great
against them. If this amendment be adopted
you will encourage that prejudice; you will
increase that prejudice; and, perhaps, after
the encouragement thus given, the next step
may be to ask Congress to prevent them from
riding ia the street cars, or something like
that. I repeat, let no encouragement be given
to a prejudice against those who have done
nothing to justify it, who are poor and per-
fectly innoceut, as innocent as infants. Let
nothing be done to encourage that prejudice.
