1672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
tleman on this floor -will take the trouble to
examinethe map and see howexposed the port
is on Long Island sound he will readily see that
it would be extreme folly for our Government
to expend any money at that point for a navy-
yard.
Mr. Speaker, a few words about the removal
of the navy-yard from Brooklyn. There has
been a great deal aaid on this floor about the
clamoring of the citizens of Brooklyn for its
removal. The faets are these: while the news-
papers of New York and Brooklyn have been
divided upon the subject, none have favored
its abolition or removal beyond the vicinity of
those two cities. Many of our tax-payers want
its removal from the city limits, alleging that
it obstructs its growth and injures its com-
mercial prosperity; while, on the other hand,
the great majority of our mechanics and poor
men desire its retention. The latter class look
upon the navy-yard in the light of a cash-pay-
ing employer. Several hundred are always at
work in the yard, and frequently several thou-
sand ; and so far as the noise and clamor goes
the most has been made by those who oppose
its removal.
As regards my action as a Representative in
the matter, I will not vote for any bill to dis-
mantle or remove the yard until a suitable site
has been selected within short ferriage or short
railway communication with New York and
Brooklyn. I suppose in a few years at fur-
thest this will be done, and in the mean time
there is no pressing necessity to suspend Gov-
ernment work in such yard.
The real difficulty about the matter, Mr.
Speaker, is that ive have too much of a navy-
yard, too much land unfitted for navy-yard
purposes; it takes tip too much of our valu-
able water front, which cannot properly be
used for such purposes. It is four times more
than is wanted. We have a mile and a quar-
ter, and we only want a quarter of a mile;
and I think if a mile of it were sold, which
is really unnecessary—I refer to all that part
along Flushing avenue east of Carleton ave-
nue, amounting to two hundred acres, (I get
my data from the Navy Department,) which in-
cludes the newly-made land, the swamp and
marsh land, and the land owned by Government
underwater—the people of our city would
be satisfied. After all this valuable property
is sold there would still be left that part of
the yard upon which are all the machine-
shops, dry-docks., wharves, ship-houses, fonnd-
eries, most of the ollicers' quarters; in fact,
the whole working portion of the navy-yard
proper, besides the cob-dock, would remain
intact, while the unnecessary land would be
turned into taxable property, and opened up
by streets running through it to the East river
for business purposes. By this means the
Government will not destroy any property,
but would realize many millions of dollars,
enough to pay for all its improvements made
at Brooklyn, and for ils entire yard there.
And if in the course of a few years, which in
my judgment will be the case, the Govern-
ment, after selecting another site, found a
necessity of again selling its remaining prop-
erty, it could do so at a price greatly in excess
of what it would now bring, mainly owing to
the great improvements which then will be
made by business men on the property it form-
erly owned. I think this is the correct way to
dispose of the Brooklyn navy-yard. This, f
think, will satisfy all parties in Brooklyn. It
will afford two more ferries for the accommo-
dation of its citizens and open to the Bast
river at least a dozen streets; and the old
navy-yard will still remain capable of employ-
ing as many persons as ever, until a new site
is selected and purchased in its vicinity.
In relation to a location of a navy-yard about
the haibor ot New York, there are no two opin-
ions as to iis propriety and fitness by any offi-
cers of the Army or Navy, or any other Govern-
ment official ot high or low degree, and there
never have been. There are at least a half a
dozen sites within the outer fortifications of
New York harbor, as I have been informed by
prominent naval officials who understand the
matter thoroughly.
Governor's Island was surveyed and a plan
made of it for a navy-yard and fortifications
as long ago as the winter of 1828-29. This
was done under an act of Congress passed
March 3, 1827, authorizing the Navy Depart-
ment to appoint commissioners and a compe-
tent engineer to survey and make a plan of
that island for such a purpose. Commodores
Bainbridge, Chauncey, and Morris were ap-
pointed commissioners. Their map and report
is dated January 24, 1829, L. Baldwin, engin-
eer, and is now on file at the Navy Department.
It was at the time supposed to be the finest
location for a yard on the Atlantic coast, with
dockage sufficient for the whole United States
Navy. The island contained sixty acres of
land, with water from thirty to forty feet deep
all around it. It would at that time have been
accepted and the navy-yard removed from
Wallabout bay to that place had not Com-
modore Chauncey, one of the commissioners,
opposed such removal. His action in the
matter was attributed to the fact that he and
his wife's family own large real estate prop-
erty in the city of Brooklyn, which would be
damaged by such removal.
Elisha Ruekman, a few years ago, offered
to the Government a fine piece of property
lying under the Palisades, below Piermont, on
the Hudson river, at a reasonable price. This
property extended along such Palisades for
three miles, with an average width of six hun-
dred feet. Captain Sanger, a distinguished
engineer of this Government, examined the
property, and expressed a high opinion at the
time of its being very valuable for purposes
of a navy-yard.
The two cites I have described I think are the
best for the location of such yard. The Gov-
ernment owns Governor's Island, and the prop-
erty under the Palisades can be had for a rea-
sonable sum of money. There is an easy and
short water communication with the cities
about them, and plenty of first-class mechanics
and good laborers could be had at a moment's
notice from New York, Brooklyn, and Jersey
City whenever their services wfer^ needed.
If there is any place in the United iStates where
a navy-yard is needed I most unhesitatingly
say that that place is the city of New York
and the cities in its vicinity. In case of war
those cities are the great headquarters of this
Government, not only of men, but of materials
and provisions, to carry on war. To protect
its wealth, to protect its two million inhab-
itants, and to properly provide for their de-
fense is this nation's duty, for in doing so it
simply protects itself and its own resources.
Look at those cities during our late war.
Regiments of men left daily such cities for the
scene of aetion. Could those regiments have
been sent with such dispatch and promptness
if a naval station was not at hand? War
frigates, as convoys, were always furnished at
the Brooklyn navy-yard to accompany trans-
ports of troops at a few hours' notice.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in relation to the posi-
tion taken by some gentlemen on this floor in
favor of the abolition of all navy-yards and
the building of all war vessels by contract, the
testimony of the world is not that navy-yards
are being done away with. We certainly know
that the British Parliament has recently passed
acts increasing all their dock-yards, and some
of them, as Chatham, Plymouth, and Pem-
broke, have been nearly doubled within the
last few years. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] must have had some
'wrong information given him. Deptford,
close to London, used as a victualry establish-
ment, it is true has not been used for ship-
building for about thirty years, and Wool-
wich, a few miles from London, was proposed
to be turned over to the War Department; but
it was not done, and the admiralty may yet
resume it.
With regard to the French dock-yards there
never has been an idea of abandoning them.
All the reports of the chamber of deputies
show the other way, and are full of projects for
improving them. Spain is now reviving her
old and long-celebrated dock-yards, and in the
meanwhile is compelled to have some ships
built in England. The Tetuan, one of'her
finest ships, that was recently in the Brooklyn
dry-dock, was built in the dock-yard at Car-
thagena. Our policy as regards dock-yards is
exactly that of all naval Powers. They show
no signs of abandoning the building of their
own ships of war. If the Government must
have yards (in the language of some gentle-
men, " to command the situation when the
exigency may be upon us") common sense
would seem to say you had better work them,
and they can in that way only be kept ready.
The assertion put forth by my distinguished
colleague, [Mr. Slocum,] that the private ship-
yards of England and Prance are superior to
the public yards, is a great mistake. It is in-
conceivable how such an assertion could be
made. France has little or no commerce, and
the private yards of Havre, Nantes, Bordeaux,
Marseilles are wholly insignificant. They are
not to be compared to the smallest ship-yards
in Brooklyn or New York. The Government
yards of France have a historical reputation,
and are considered in all their equipments and
appointments to be inferior to none in the
world. As to any private yard in England
comparing with her dock-yards, it requires a
great amount of credulity to conceive. The
great yards of the private builders on the Clyde,
in Scotland, which are now considered the
greatest and most profitable in Great Britain,
have no docks. The ships are put up and built
in the open codntry and oil banks of the streams
where they are lodged.
My colleague [Mr. Slocijm] is again in error
in his comparison of vessels made by our
Government and those built by contract. He
is very unfortunate in those he selected for
comparison. In the case of the cost of the
Madawaska, now the Tennessee, builtat Brook-
lyn, we have a ship built of live-oak, perfectly
sound in every respect, that will. last for
many years. She is now employed by the
Government sending commissioners to San
Domingo. He compares her to the Chatta-
nooga, a ship built out of white oak, which
rotted before she was finished, which now lies
at League Island rotten fore and aft, and only
fit to be sold for old iron and rotten wood.
She never has done a day's service, and never
will. I obtain my information from the Navy
Department in relation to her, which informs
me 'that she was rotten when she came from
the contractor's hands.
His comparison of the Miantonomoh with
the Winnebago is also unjust. The Mianto-
nomoh, also built in Brooklyn, is the most
formidable and complete iron clad vessel that
has ever been built, and was the wonder and
admiration of England, Russia, and France
when she visited their waters a few years ago.
She carries four fifteen-inch guns in turrets,
and is a model of strength and endurance.
On the other hand, the Winnebago is about
half her size, is a light, iron shell vessel, flat
bottomed, built to be used on the western
rivers, of small draught of water, and only fit
to be used there, carrying only four nine inch
guns. There can scarcely be a comparison
made between them further than they are both
steam vessels. The Miantonomoh has no supe-
rior in the world for her tonnage.
I was very sorry, indeed, to hear my col-
league refer to Barry and his book. I was
sorry to see the _ man and his worthless book
receive such distinguished attention, and if my
friend had known, or been informed as much
about Barry and his book as I have been, i
