1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
Naval Affairs. The bill originally introduced
compelled the restoration of this gentleman to
his rank in the Navy, with the promotion that he
would have gained had he not been dismissed.
We struck that out and left it to the Depart-
ment to decide what rank he .is entitled to.
That was the unanimous opinion of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like my friend
from Nevada to state to the Senate what the
■lature of the case is, and whether this restor-
ation is recommended by the Department.
Mr. NYE. It is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the ground of
the recommendation? *
Mr. NYE. The recommendation comes
from the Department. I forget its exact
phraseology, but it is in substance that they
think he ought to be restored, and only rais-
ing a question as to the rank that he is enti-
tled to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the ground on
which he was retired?
Mr. NYE. There was a board of inquiry
in regard to some of his transactions; but it
was ascertained that the whole truth was not
told there. There is other evidence "which
should have been considered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was the charge?
Mr. NYE. I do not now recollect what it
was, but I remember the case by name.
Mr. POMEROY. I only know that it was
strongly recommended by the Secretary of the
Navy.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
reports of committees.
Mr. CARPENTER. There are several peti-
tions which have been referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee, asking for bills to be passed to
aid and relieve ship-builders and with regard to
giving Hens, &c., on vessels constructed in the
United States, and three bills—a bill (H. R.
No. 1353) to regulate the exercise of the ad-
miralty jurisdiction of the courts of the United
States in certain cases; a bill (S. No. 651) for
the relief of ship-builders and material-men,
and to provide a speedy remedy for the collec-
tion of claims against domestic ships and ves-
sels; and a bill (S. No. 681) for the relief of
ship-builders and persons furnishing material,
and to provide a speedy remedy for the collec-
tion of claims against domestic ships and ves-
sels. The committee have instructed me to
report them back, asking to be discharged from
the further consideration of the petitions, and
recommend that the bills be indefinitely post-
poned.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(II. R. No. 748) for the relief of the heirs of
Lieutenant Colonel Humphrey M. Woodyard,
late of the twenty-first Missouri infantry, re-
ported it without amendment, and submitted
a report thereon: which was ordered to be
printed.
bills introduced.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask leave without pre-
vious notice to introduce at this time a bill for
the relief of Roxalana W. Sawyer, and in the
same connection to present certain papers and
a memorial asking for a pension. The me-
morial sets forth the service of her husband in
the Naval Department, and sundry technical
difficulties that exist against her getting a pen-
sion under the general law. I ask that the
bill maybe twice read, and, with the memorial
and papers, referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 1101) for the relief of
Roxalana W. Sawyer; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions, with the accompanying papers.
Mr. CARPENTERasked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1162) to amend the third section of an act
entitled "An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved March 2,1867, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to De
printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1163) to amend an act entitled "An act
for the relief of Rebecca S. Harrison,." ap-
proved February 25, 1865; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
saraii n. engleton.
Mr. WILLEY. With the leave of the Sen-
ator from Indiana, who is entitled to the floor
on the regular order, I desire to ask the court-
esy of the Senate, at the instance of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, who is absent and who
is indisposed, [Mr. Ferry,] to take up a little
bill which will occupy but a moment. It is
Senate bill No. 901, for the relief of Sarah N.
Engleton. executrix of the last will and testa-
ment of J. Joseph Engleton, deceased.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 should like to hear it
read at length.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The preamble recites that letters-patent were
granted to J. Joseph Engleton on the 20th day
of May, 1856, for a new and useful improvement
in annealing-furnaces, and that lettefs-patent
were reissued on the 24tli day of June, 1856,
and that Sarah N. Engleton, executrix of J.
Joseph Engleton, without any default on her
part, failed to apply for their extension within
the Ijmit of ninety days, as prescribed by the
law, as appears by her memorial. The bill then
authorizes the Commissioner of Patents to con-
sider and determine her application for an 
extension without regard to the delay in filing
the formal petition, and to act upon it the
same as if such matters had been done and
performed more than ninety days prior to the
date of the expiration of the original term of
the letters-patent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have my
friend from West Virginia explain the nature
of that case.
Mr. WILLEY. There is a very short report
which will explain it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Ferry, from the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office, on the 12th
of May last:
The Committee on Patents and the Patent Office,
to whom was referred the petitioner Sarah N. Engle-
ton, praying Congress to pass an act authorizing the
Commissioner of Patents to hear and determine her
application for an extension of a patent, together
with a bill for the relief of the said Sarah JST. Engle-
ton, have had the same under consideration, and
report as follows:
The petitioner is executrix of the last will and
testament of J. Joseph Engleton, deceased, who died
on the 19th day of February, 1870, owning a patent
for an improvement in annealing-furnaces, issued to
him May 20,1800. The day of his death was there-
fore just ninety days before the expiration of his
patent. Ilis disease was paralysis, and he had been
helpless for a considerable period before his death.
1-Ie had spoken b el ore he became helpless of apply-
ing for an extension of his patent.
The petitioner, his widow, upon his death found
herself unable to apply ninety days before the expira-
tion of the patent, as executrix, for such extension,
and she now asks for leave to file her application m
the Patent OOice, notwithstanding that fact.
The committee are of opinion that the prayer of
her petition ought to be granted, and recommend
the passage of the accompanying bill.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
W. B. CARPENTER.
Mr. ROSS. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Indiana, I ask the Senate to consider
Senate bill No. 1081, for the relief of W. B.
Carpenter.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to* con-
sider the bill (S. No. 1061) for the relief
of W. B. Carpenter. It proposes to direct the
proper accounting officer of the Treasury to
pay to W. B. Carpenter the pay and allowances
of an assistant surgeon of the Army of the
United States from January 1, 1862, to May
27, 1862.
Mr. ROSS. I ask the Clerk to read a very
short report, which explains the bill.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
submitted by Mr. Spragce, from the Commit-
tee on Claims, on the 13th of July last:
The Committee on Claims, who have had under
consideration the claim of Dr. W. B. Carpenter for
compensation for services as contract surgeon from
January 1,1862, to May 27,1862, while in charge of
hospital at Fort Scott, Kansas, report:
The claimant was employed by Brigade Surgeon
Gillispie, of Ueneral Lane's brigade, and continued
in employment and assignment to duty in hospital
by Surgeon Tinder, the successor of Gillispie. Gen-
eral Blunt was charged by the War Department to
adjust all claims for irregular service, and states that
Dr. Carpenter's claim would have been reported on,
and embraced in his report to* the War Department
had it been received in time: that he made an effort
to open the report, but failed from the fact of Cap-
tain Sidney Clark having delivered the report before
he received General Blunt's direction.
Three surgeons of regiments testify to havingcon-
fided sick soldiers to the hospital in charge of Dr.
Carpenter.
The committee recommend payment as an assist-
ant surgeon from January 1, 1862, to May 27,1862,
and report a bill accordingly.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
zaceaeiah petti john.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish the Senate would
allow me to call up the bill (H. R. No. 771)
for the relief of Zachariah Pettijohn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is that; the case of
a postmaster losiDg money ?
Mr. RAMSEY. No; it is the case of a
homestead settler, an old man.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to confirm the claim of Zachariah Petti-
john, made under the homestead act of May
20, 1862, to the northwest quarter of section
thirty, in township one hundred and seventeen
of range twenty-eight, in the district of lands
subject to sale at Greenleaf, Minnesota; and
upon completion of the claim by payment of
the final commissions required by the act, the
Secretary of the Interior is to cause to be
issued to Zachariah Pettijohn a patent for the
land as in other cases.
Mr. RAMSEY. This bill passed the House
of Representatives and was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims, of which
the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] is
chairman, and reported favorably. It is the
ease of a claimant under the homestead law
who on the adjustment of his claim foutid that
his house was a rod or so beyond the line. He
is an old man; he has had the claim for five
years, and that was the only difficulty in issu-
ing the patent.
There being no objection, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, reported
to the Senate without amendment, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
bear river and salt lake.
Mr. WARNER. At the request of a gentile
in Utah Territory, which has no representation
here, I ask the Senate to proceed to the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 1085, which was
reported by the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Wil-
liams] from the Committee on Public Lands,
making a little grant of lands to a ditching
company in Utah Territory.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama asks unanimous consent that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 1035) to incorporate the Corinne, Bear
River, and Salt Lake Canal Company, and for
a grant of land to aid in the construction of a
