11062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is there any
contest about it ?
Air. TANNER. No, sir.
Mr; GARFIELD, of Ohio. Are all the
parties agreed ?
Mr. TANNER. All the parties are agreed.
The jointresolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. TANKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
dem ps is y and o'toole.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
milted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
jResolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
be authorized to send for persons and papers and
examine witnesses in regard to the cancellation of
tne contract of Deinpsey & O'Toolo for stamped
envelopes by the Postmaster General.
location of a national bank.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on Banking and
Currency, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2996) to
authorize the Worthington National Bank of
Cooperstown, New York, to change its name
and location ; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. RANDALL. Is that a solvent bank?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. RANDALL. Has it never been in
solvent?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Never; and the
bill is protected by all proper guards. There
are three banks in this town, and it is pro-
posed to move this bank to another town, in
the same county, where there is no bank.
_ The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion authoiizes the Worthington National Bank
of Cooperstown, New York, to change its loca-
tion to the village of Oneonta, in the county of
Otsego, New York, whenever the stockhold-
ers representing three fourths of the capi-
tal stock of said bank, at a meeting called for
that purpose, shall determine to make such
ehitnge, and the president and cashier shall
execute a certificate nnder the corporate seal
of the bank specifying such determination, and
shall cause the same to be recorded in the
office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and
thereupon such change of location shall be
effected; and the operations of discount and
ueposit of said bank shall be carried on under
the name of the First National Bank of
Oneonta., in the village of Qneonta, in the
county of Otsego and State of New York. The
second section provides that nothing in this
act, contained shall be so construed as in any
manner to release the said bank from any iia-
biliiy or affect any action or proceeding in law
in which said bank may be a party or inter-
ested ; and when such change shall be determ-
ined upon as aforesaid, notice thereof and of
such change shall be published in at least two
weekly newspapers in the aforesaid county
in Which Cooperstown.is situated, in the State
of Mw York, for not less than four successive
weeks.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
und also moved that the motion to reconsider
De^iaid on the table.
Ihe latter motion was agreed to.
s* dempjky and o'toole.
Sir. FARNSWORTII. I rise to a privileged
motion. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the Committee on Appropriations have
been authorized to send for persons and papers
in reference to the envelope contract. My
object in making that motion is for the pur-
pose of ascertaining some reason for such a
resolution. I wish to know why the Commit-
tee on Appropriations are seeking to appro-
priate to themselves the business.of all the
other committees of this House in reference
to the examination of the operations of the
several Departments.
Mr. DAWES. Nothing would satisfy the
Committee on Appropriations so much as being
relieved from the further consideration of this
matter, and if the House will take it off their
hands the committee would be greatly obliged.
Without seeking to have the matter referred to
them—the proposition not coming from any
member of the committee—a" resolution of the
House instructed them to inquire into this
envelope contract, probably because they were
about to make an appropriation for it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Was it not a mem-
ber of the Committee on Appropriations who
introduced the resolution?
Mr. DAWES. I do not think it was; I do
not remember who it was. I know this: that
the committee did not feel very well about hav-
ing this matter put upon them. If the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to
which, in my opinion, this matter more prop-
erly belongs, will take it off our hands right in
the middle of the investigation, they can have
it, and also have the benefit of all that we have
done.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads have had some
papers and reports referred to them in refer-
ence to this same matter.
Mr, DAWES. I assure the gentleman that
the Committee on Appropriations will make
no opposition if the House will take it away
from them. We have now gone about half
way through the examination, and it becomes
necessary to send to New York for certain
witnesses. The witnesses we have had before
us have been here voluntarily. When the
committee came to consider the propriety of
sending to New York for witnesses, we found
that we had never been instructed to send for
persons and papers.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I have no anxiety
about the matter.
Mr. DAWES. Then I will move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The motiou was agreed to.
business op committee on commerce.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to withdraw
my objection to the proposition of the gentle-
man from Rhode Island, [Mr. Dixon,] to have
the evening session of Tuesday of next week
assigned for the business of the Committee
on Commerce.
_ Mr. RANDALL. It ia understood that I
insist upon the condition that the Committee
on Commerce shall not then report any sub-
sidy bill, bridge bill, or emigration bill.
Mr. P011ER. Ihatwasthe order of the
committee, as I understand it.
Mr. RANDALL. I only want to carry out
the understanding of the committee.
Mr. IIOLMAN. As all bridge bills are
excepted by that arrangement, I object to the
proposition.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sy.mp-
S|?N' *ine c'erks> informed the House
that the Senate had passed without amend-
ment bills and a jointresolution of the House
of the following titles:
A bill (H. It. No. 794) for the relief of H.
Lawrence Scott, late agent for the sale of
internal revenue stamps in the thirteenth dis-
trict of Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. R. No. 1010) for the relief of
Hiram A. Cutting;
■ A bill (II. R. No. 1274) for the relief of Mrs.
Caroline G. Gardner, widow of Brevet Briga-
dier General John L. Gardner;
. A bill (H. R. No. 1687) for the relief of
Janes, Fowler, Kirtland & Co. ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2250) for the re'ief of
John Wilson; and
A joint resolution (H. II. No. 209) twthor-
izing the Secretary of War to audit and pay
the claim of Robert T. Kirkpatrick, a loyal citi-
zen of Tennessee.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed with amendments, in vrhich
the concurrence of the House was requested,
bills of the House of the following titles :
A bill (H. R. No. 266) for the relief of
Abram G. Snyder, of the Watervliet arsenal,
at West Troy, New York; and
A bill (H. R. No. 689) for the relief of Hull
& Cozzens and John Naylor & Co.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
House:
A bill (S. No. 685) for the relief of loyal
citizens of Loudoun county, Virginia, therein
named;
A bill (S. No. 836) for the relief of Jane
Ellen Birckbead and others, heirs-at-law of
Alexander Watson, deceased; and
A bill (S. No. 1003) to define and protect
the rights of miners and to encourage the
development of mines.
order OF business.
Mr. DEGENER. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour now begins, at
twenty-thiee minutes after twelve o'clock.
Reports are in order from the Committee on
Public Expenditures.
No reports being presented from the Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures, the next com-
mittee in order was the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
peter mills.
Mr. WELKER, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported back, with a
recommendation that it puss, a bill (LI. 11. No.
2966) to amend an act entitled ''An netfurtho
relief of Peter Mills," approved June SO. Ib34.
The bill, which was read, proposes to amend
the act named in the title so as to requiie the
Secretary of the Interior to cause patents to be
issued ill the name of Peter Mills lor the parts
of the tiact authorized to be located under
said act which have been actuuily located
under the act, as may appear on the records
of the General Land Office, the uatents to be
issued for each separate tract so located.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the thud time, and passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
edwin w. t'arcelt.s and otlleiw.
Mr. \ ELKER also, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, lepcrned back, with
a recommendation that it do not. pass, the bill
(II. It. No. 1796) for the relief of Edwin W.
1 arcells and others, and moved that the bill
be laid on the table.
The motiou was agreed to.
settleiis in california.
Mr. MAYHAM, from the Committee on
invate Land Claims, reported back, with
amendments and a report m writing, the bill
{ I. it jNo. ~0o7) fur the relief of seitlers upon
cenam lands in ihe Slate of California; which
was lecommited, and, .with the amendment*
aim report, ordered to be printed.
thomas b. valenti.ni5.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, reported
back, with a recommendation that it pass, the
