236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
canal for irrigation and other purposes in tlie
Territory of Utah; which will be reported, sub-
ject to objection or to a demand for the regu-
lar order.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Ur. EDMUNDS. That contains a land grant
which is open to a good deal of consideration.
I think it had better go over and let us have the
regular order. *
Mr. WARNER. I will say to the Senator
that it only grants forty-eight sections of land.
Mr. EDM UiTDS. I am opposed to granting
forty-eight sections of land to anybody for any
propose I know of now.
annexation 0]? dominica.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont demands the regular order, and the
Senate resumes the consideration of the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 262) authorizing the ap-
pointment of commissioners in relation to the
republic of Dominica, on which the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Scjiner,] this after-
noon, in the course of his speech, thought
proper to refer to my personal relations to the
President of the United States, and he pre-
sented me as the confidential adviser of the
President, a frequent visitor at the White
House, and as conferring with the President
alone in the Blue Boom.
I have seen the President in the Blue Room
on several occasions, for I am somewhat lame
and unable to go up stairs, and the President
is kind enough when I visit the White House
on business to come down stairs and see me,
and I presume he would do the same for any
Senator or Representative, or any other per-
son who was not able to climb the stairs with-
out difficulty. But, sir, in going into the Blue
Room, I beg to assure my friend it has not
been for the purpose of secrecy or private con-
ference.
The Senator advises me to go and tell the
President certain things, and to give the Pres- I
ident certain advice which he puts into my
mouth. Sir, I do' not propose to act in the
capacity of agobetween. I am too old and too
lame now to begin the exercise of that char-
acter. I sometimes go to the White House-
not as often as a great many others—and I
always go there on business. I have never
obtrudeil upon the President my opinion on
any subject. I have never given it except
when asked for, and then I have endeavored
to give it honestly, and to tell the truth, for to
advise a President falsely in regard to matters
of State has always been and must be regarded
as a crime.
If the Senator means to impute to me the
fact that I am a friend of the President, person-
ally and politically, he is quite right. 'l have
been his fiiend and admirer ever since the
battleot Fort Donelson; and although I some-
times disagree with him, perhaps in regard to
appointments, or perhaps in regard to meas-
ures, I always try to differ with him in such a
way as not to assail his personal character or to
demoralize the party of which he is the head.
A series of assaults have been made on the
President, from time to time; ever since his
inauguration ; scarce has one subsided before
anotner is begon. And I think he has been
treated with a bitterness of persecution and a
torrent of calumny that have not been lavished
upon any Executive of the United States per-
haps since the days of Thomas Jefferson. But,
sir, one by one these assaults have failed, ut-
I f 7-\ At« lirtlTA lxi..« 1 1 T
'umny nave tallen
harmless at his feet ; and although it has been
frequently announced that the President has
fallen, Le always manages to fall upon his feet;
and so he will, I predict, throughout his ad-
ministration or his connection with public life.
Sometimes the arrows of calumny have been
so thick as to darken the air; but invariably
he has triumphed, and I predict his continued
triumph.
Why, sir, this Administration is thus far a
great sueccss. The assaults upon it are of a
personal character, and do not touch the merits,
the wonderful success of the Administration,
the general results of this Administration are
grand, grand almost beyond precedent. If it
shall go on for the next two years as it has for
the last twenty-one months, these grand results
will be so cons]:>icuous, so well understood and
admired of all men that they will overwhelm
all opposition.
Mr. President, the people do not look to
these personal considerations. They do not
care whether Mr. Cox is the Secretary of the
Interior, or Mr. Delano ; whether Mr. Motley
is the embassador to the Court of St. James,
or General Schenck. Wrhat they want to know
is that the Government is well and faithfully
administered, and all these personal considera-
tions are brushed aside as mere idle straws.
I must say that the assault of the Senator
from Massachusetts upon the President this
afternoon was most unprovoked and inde-
fensible. It was not a difference from the
President on mere political principles, but he
charged the President with usurpation, with
crimes. He compared his administration to
that of Buchanan and to that of Pierce, and
denounced it as he formerly denounced the
administrations of those predecessors ; and,
sir, he drew a comparison, and I was pained to
hear it, between Saget, the murdering usurper
of the Government, of Elayti, and President
Grant, much to the disparagement of the
President of the United Slates. Saget, who
murdered Salnave in cold blood ; Saget, who
has led the " dance of blood'' of which ,the
Senator speaks, has been held up to the
admiration of the American people in favor-
able comparison with President Grant!
He says that President Grant has threatened
Hayti in his message : ay, he says there are nine
menaces against the republic of Hayti in the
President's message. I was surprised to hear
that. I had heard that message read here in
the Senate ; I had myself read it carefully, and
I confess it never suggested such a thought.
Sir, these "nine menaces" are simply nine
men in buckram, existing only in the Senator's
imagination; and I submit to candid men of
all parties that the President's message does
not mean any such thing as the Senator has
attributed to it. He give3 it a strained and
technical construction that has never been
given before by anybody or by any newspaper
that I have read or heard of. He says the
President threatened the whole island of San
Domingo, threatened the republic of Hayti,
and he endeavors to support that by referring
to the conduct of Admiral Poor upon the coast
of Hayti.
Mr. President, if yon will take this message
and read it on that point, you will say unques-
tionably—I say unquestionably—-that the Presi-
dent only refers to the acquisition of the terri-
tory of the republic of Dominica. He does
speak of -'the island of San Domingo" in
one or two places. He does that perhaps
inadvertently,because we often speak of "the
island of San Domingo.'' In common par-
lance, perhaps, "the island " is spoken of more
frequently by that name than it is by that of
Hayti and the distinction drawn between that
and the republic of Dominica. But, six-, allow
me to read a brief extract to show what the
President means: and I was surprised that the
desperation of the .Senator's cause required
him to put what I regard as a false and strained
construction upon this message. Speaking of
the republic of Dominica, the President says:
I' woak Power, nuuihering probably less than
one hundred and twenty thousand souls"—
That is about the population of Dominica,
while Hayti ha-; «:ven or eight hundred thou-
sand—
" It is a weak Power, numbering rrobably le s than
ouo hundred ami twenty thousand souls, and yot pos-
sessing one of the richest territories under the sun,
capable of supporting a population of ten millions
of people inluxuiy. Tlie people of San Domingo aro
not capable of maintaining themselves in their pres-
ent condition, and must look for outside support.
They yearn for the protection of our free institutions
and laws, our progiess and civilization, Shall wo
refuse them?"
I therefore put aside this pretense that the
President in his message has threatened the
republic of Hayti.
The argument of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts throughout has demonstrated the ne-
cessity and the importance ofthis investigation.
My friend has appeared upon the stand this
afterrlbon as a witness. He has testified copi-
ously, voluminously, and yet has scarcely pro-
duced testimony to sustain one of his asser-
tions. He states these things, he says solemnly,
because he knows them to be true; but he has
not favored the Senate with any evidence to sus-
tain the most of them. Perhaps the Senator
thinks that what he does not know in regard
to the republic of San Domingo is not worth
knowing; but while he may know it very well,
he may not be able to satisfy all the rest of
us; he may not be able to satisfy the country.
And new we propose a commission that shall
go upon the ground and make an examination
so far as it can be made, and report to us the
facts, thai we may judge for ourselves whether
or not annexation is desirable; and, as I have
said before, when I introduced this resolution
I supposed it could not elicit debate; I sup-
posed it would not be opposed, for, presuming
that the Senator himself was desirous of full
and complete knowledge, that he desired to
be accurately informed, and believing that this
was the very best possible method to get fall
information upon points which have been here-
tofore in dispute, I supposed this resolution
would pass without opposition.
Now, sir, allow me to say that nearly all the
Senator's points are immaterial—immaterial
to the purpose of this resolution. He has
spent his force upon matters that, so far as
the merits of this resolution are concerned,
may be designated as frivolous, wholly unim-
portant. We aro not now proposing to exam-
ine whether the treaty was corrcctly and prop-
erly negotiated. We have passed by the treaty;
we are beginning de novo ; we are proposing
to examine this question as if a treaty had
never been made, and we propose to go to
the vital and material points in the matter,
and to do that wo propose to send a com-
mission to the island, where this informa-
tion is most accessible and can be most ac-
curately obtained. We are proceeding, as I
said before, as if there had been no treaty ;
and now, of what importance is it in proposing
to examine these questions and ascertain the
facts, to go into a long, labored, ingenious,
and, I may say, unfriendly examination of the
mode in which that treaty was negotiated?
The Senator has spent perhaps half an hour
in commenting upon the way in which Gen-
eral Babcock had signed his name, alleging
that he had styled himself aid-de-eamp to the
President. Why, Mr. President, if we were
considering the treaty itself, if that was be-
fore us, it would be a mere frivolous objec-
tion ; it would be a mere verbal complaint
that the Senator would make, and could not
possibly go to the merits of the case; but he
brings that circumstance here as one of over-
whelming importance that must override the
value of the intenogatories that are to be
answered by this commission.
And as to the protocol that General Babcock
entered into, he says that protocol provides that
the President should privately use his influ-
ence with members of Congress or of the Sen-
ate to bring abou! its ratification. Sir, it pio-
vides no such thing. The protocol was pri-
vately made ; was not attached to the treaty ;
was not part ot the treaty; but it made no
provision that f hi; President should privately
influence members of Congress or try to do so ;
but that was the interpretation the Senatoi
