1676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
is given to them. That is all I have to say
upon-the subject.
.Mr. ARCHER. Has the Government yet
expended any money there?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The Government
has expended some money there.
Mr. ARCHER. How much?
Mr, STARKWEATHER. Two years ago
an appropriation of $10,000 was made to con-
struct a wharf, make a survey, and inclose the
ground.
Mr. ARCHER. How much did that land
cost the State of Connecticut?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The land was
purchased by the State of Connecticut, and
has cost that State and the citizens of New
Loudon $50,000, and much more than $50,000.
The title is perfect, and it has been accepted
by the Government. Two boards have said
that it is the best site along all our coast for a
navy-yard. I am not saying this to antagonize
League Island or any other place. But I am
bound to state the facts here, and to claim for
our station that consideration which you give
to others. I do not propose if we can have
fair play to oppose any other proposition which
is brought forward here. I have fixed the sum
in my amendment at $100,000, one half the
amount asked for the other navy-yard, and I
hope my amendment may be adopted.
Mr. ARCHER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, for the purpose of saying that I am not
particularly friendly to League Island, nor am
I an antagonist of New London. But I wish
the permanent improvements to go on in the
yards that are already fully established. I am
opposed to the expenditure of anything at New
London until a board which we wish to have
established by the Navy Department shall
have fully investigated the matter and reported
thereon to Congress.
Mr. STARKWExVTHER. One board has
already made a full investigation of the mat-
ter, and I have its printed report before me
now, fully approving the site at New London
in every particular.
Mr. ARCHER. Then, too, it is the inten-
tion of this House, as I understand it, to go
into a consideration of the subject whether
our navy-yards shall be curtailed in number.
If that subject is to be investigated and con-
sidered maturely by the House, 1 think it would
be well for us to pause before we make an
appropriation of $100,000 for the New London
navy-yard, especially when only $10,000 has
yet been expended by the Government there.
I do not wish to antagonize New London or
to particularly favor League Island. I would
not, vote for this appropriation for League
Island except for the fact that I know the
property of the Philadelphia navy-yard will
sell for more than will be necessary to estab-
lish the yard at League Island and make a
very much better yard there than the one now
in Philadelphia. I shall reserve in my own
mind what I shall do hereafter when the New
London yard comes to be considered.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Connecticut[Mr. Stahkwkather] to withdraw
his amendment, and I will renew it for the
purpose of making some remarks.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will do so.
Mr. DAWES. I renew the amendment,
though [ shall oppose its adoption. I am op-
posed to both these propositions. I have here-
tofore submitted somewhat at length my rea-
sons for that opposition, and, at this late day in
the session, I will not repeat them. After a full
and elaborate discussion of the question, this
House decided by the yeas and nays that, for
the present at least, we would not make this
large expenditure for the navy-yard at League
Island, it being the commencement of an ex-
penditure that will ultimately reach a very
large amount.
I have risen now simply to restate the case,
and to call for a vote and have the judgment
of the House upon this proposition. The gen-
tleman who proposed this amendment in rela-
tion to League Island [Mr. Scofibld] said that
it will not cost the Government anything in
the end : that the present yard can be sold for
some $3,000,000, while the expenditure ne-
cessary for the removal of the works to League
Island would not exceed two or three hundred
thousand dollars.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I said no such thing; I
said that it would cost from one to two-mil-
lions dollars.
Mr. DAWES. Then I do not see the object
of spending that amount at this time for this
purpose, while our appropriations at this ses-
sion are swelling by millions beyond those
of last year and beyond those of any other
year in time of peace. What is the purpose
of spending $200,000 at this time, if there
is no prospect that that $200,000 will enable
them to remove the yard from Philadelphia
to League Island? If the present yard must
remain where it is and be carried on until a
million or two millions dollars have been
expended at League Island I am at a loss to
understand the need of making an appropri-
ation of $200,000 this year for this purpose.
I ought rather to say that I should be at a
loss if I had not knowledge about the matter
which I do not feel just now at liberty to com-
municate. But I have here a letter from the
Secretary of the Navy 
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to remind the gen-
tleman that the sale of the land will more than
reimburse the Treasury for every dollar paid
out.
Mr. DAWTES. I was just going to say that
I have a letter, addressed to me on the 24th
of this month by the Secretary of the Navy, in
which he shows that the gentleman is mistaken,
that all that can be obtained from the sale of
the land will not put League Island in a con-
dition for the removal of the works there. I
will read that letter.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. Let the Clerk read it.
Mr. DAWES. Secretary Robeson says:
"It is believed that a large portion of the whole
expenseof moving the working portion of this yard
will bo finally repaid to the Government by the sale
of the valuable propcrtynow occupied in the midst
of the city of Philadelphia."
All that the Secretary claims is that a large
part—only a large part—of the expense of
removing the working portion of the present
yard will be defrayed by the sale of this prop-
erty.
Now, when we are considering the unsettled
question of curtailing the number of navy-
yards, I hope we shall not decide upon an
expenditure of $200,000, looking to an ulti-
mate expenditure of more than three million
dollars, a proposition which this House has
already by a large majority, on a vote by yeas
and nays, decided that it will not adopt. If it
is to be adopted now, I trust the House will
give us the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. DICKEY. I ask the gentleman to send
to the Clerk's desk the letter to which he has
referred, and let it be read.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Yes, I hope it will be read.
It is a letter addressed to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] He suppressed
it. I got a copy of it; and that copy he took
out of my hands and refused to return to me
when I was making my remarks.
Mr. DAWES. In reply to what has been
said by my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Sco-
field,] I wish to say that the only copy of this
letter which I ever saw in my life he took
from my desk. I have only seen the letter in
that form, and in no other.
Mr. SCOFIELD. A copy of that letter
came to me yesterday, inclosed in an envelope
which now lies on my desk, from the Navy
Department. When I was about rising to
make my remarks the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts asked me for the letter; and after-
ward when I went to him and begged him for
it he said: "I am going to have it read when
I come to speak in closing the deba.te." The
statement of thegentleman, although I haveno
doubt he thinks he is right, is entirely a mis-
take. This is a letter which came from the
Secretary to me, and is a copy of the letter
which was sent to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, and which he suppressed.
Several Members. Let it be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Navy Department,
Washington, February 24,1871.
Sir : Referring to the recommendation in regard
to the League Island portion of the Philadelphia
station made in my annual report of December, 1869,
and my reference thereto in the last annual report-
I beg to submit herewith an estimate of $200,000, to
be expended in preparation for the removal of tho
■working yard of this station to the island.
This sum, though by no means adequate to tho
amount of work necessary to be done, can be ex-
pended at this time for the purposes aforesaid with
great advantage to the service, and it is believed that
a lar^e portion of the whole expense of moving the
working portion of this yard will be finally repaid
to the Government by the sale of the valuable prop-
erty now occupied in the midst of the city of Phila-
delphia.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEO. M. ROBESON.
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. H. L. Dawes, Chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, House of Representatives.
The question being put on the amendment
of Mr. Starkweatheb, it waa declared not
agreed to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. It has been sug-
gested by gentlemen around me that they would
prefer to vote on this as a separate proposition,
and in deference to their opinion I withdraw
my amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. 8con eld.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 138, nays 43, not voting
59 ; as follows : ■
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Archer,
Armstrong. Arnell, Axtell, Banks, Barry, Bennett,
Bethune, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Boles, Booker,
George M. Brooks. Buck, Bnrdett, Ben jauiin F. But-
ler, Roderick B. Butler, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill,
William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb,
Conger, Conner, Corker, Cowles, Cox, Darrall, Dcge-
ner, Dickey, Joseph Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon, Dock-
ery, Donley, Duke, Eldridge, Ferriss, Perry, Fisher,
Fox, Garfield, Getz, Gilfillan, Haight, Haldeinan,
Hale. Hambleton. Hamill, Hamilton, Harris, Haw-
ley, Hill. Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Alexander H.
Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr,
Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin, Logan, Long, Manning,
Mavham, Maynard. McCarthy, McGrew. McKee,
McKenzie, Mercur, William Moore, Morey.Morphis,
Daniel J. Morrell, Mungen, Myers, Negley, O'Neill,
Packard, Packer, Halbert E. Paine, Palmer, Peek,
Perce, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Pomeroy. Porter, Pot-
ter, Price, Prosser, Kainey, Randall, Rice. Sanford,
Sargent, Sawyer, Schtrmaker, Scofieid, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Sherrod, Shober, John A. Smith, William
J. Smith, Worthington. C. Smith, Starkweather,
Stiles, Stoughton, Strader, Strickland, Strong,
Sypher, TaEFe, Taylor,Tillman, Townsend, Trimble,
Twichell, Van Auken, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wal-
lace, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Wolf, Woodward,
and Young—138.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler. Asper, Atwood. Beatty,
Beck, Benton, Blair, Buckley, Bufiinton, Burchnrd,
Amasa Cobb. Coburn, Cullom, Dawes, Dox, Ela,
Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Griswold .Hawkins, Hay,
Heflin, Holman, Jenckes, Thomas L. Jones, Law-
rence, Lewis, Marshall, McS.ecly, Morgan, Orth,
Reeves, Shanks, Stevenson, Tyner, Upson, Van
Trump, Cadvvaladcr C. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Willard, Williams, and John
T. Wilson—43.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ayer, Bailey, Barnum,
Beaman," Benjamin, Bowen, Boyd, James Brooks,
Burr, Cake, Cleveland, Cook, Crebs, Dickinson,
Duval, Dyer, Fitch, Gibson, Hays, Hoge, Holmes,
Ingersol I, Johnson, ICnott, Lash, Lough ridge, Lynch,
McCormick, McCrary, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore,
Jesse H. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey,
Newsham, Niblack, William W. Paine, Poland,
Rogers, Roots, Porter Sheldon, Slocum, Joseph S.
Smith, Stevens, Stokes, Stone, Swann, Sweeney,
Tanner, Voorhecs, Ward, Wheeler, Whitelcy, Whit-
more. Wilkinson, Winans, Winchester. Witcher,
and Wood—59.
So the amendment of Mr. Scofield was
agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was adopted:
and  
The SPEAKER. That is not necessary.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I move that the House!
do now adjourn.
Several Members. Oh, no; we have just
refused to adjourn.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
