1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1065
already existing, but toany otheryard," sitp,"
or " sites" now owned by the United States.
Let me explain what is undoubtedly the object
of (his provision; and I ask the attention of
members to this point. It is proposed to sell
the Brooklyn navy-yard. That is the bill as
originally reported. The amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
subjects the navy yards at Charlestown, Mas-
sachusetts, and Kittery, Maine, to the same
sale or to a like sale. If the amendment is
adopted the provision as to removal of movable
property will apply to the three yards. I have
no doubt this will amount ill all to some mil-
lions of dollars in value. Under the phrase-
ology of section four of the bill the Secretary
may transfer all this to the "site" at New
London or the "site" at League Island, and
thus commit the Government to the immediate
construction of new yards at those places. Is
the House prepared to do this? Is it prepared
to put that power into anybody's hands?
This is a different question from that pre-
sented by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] either in his amendment or in
what he has just said. Whether or not he is
in favor of committing the Government to such
transfer of property, I do not know. I hope
he wili inform the House. J, for one, am not.
I am willing the yards shall be reduced grad-
ually in number after due investigation; but
I do not. want the whole coast of New England
left without a navy-yard, and I certainly do
not want all the property taken from the navy-
yards at liittery and Charlestown and Brook-
lyn to be removed to League Island, so that
the Pennsylvania members and all persons
interested in that yard may have a new argu-
ment to urge before this House in behalf of
appropriations of hundreds of thousands and
millions of dollars for that great future depot
for iron clad ships of war. Let members look
carefully to the provision of the bill on this
point, for I desire it to be understood.
As to the amendment of thegentleman from
Massachusetts, I hope it will not be adopted.
The Brooklyn yard stands upon a different
basis from any other. The argument urged
here that the navy-yard is an inconvenience
and even a nuisance to the city of Brooklyn
does not.-apply in the same degree to the
other yards. It may have some application
to Charlestown, but in no degree is it appli-
cable to Kittery. In the latter case the yard
is not in or near any populous, growing city,
•where land is valuable, and where the navy-
yard stands in the way of the march of im-
provement and the growth of the city. And
besides, the country is left deprived of a station
for half its coast if yon remove the yards at
Charlestown. at Kittery, and at New York,
leaving no effective navy-yard on the whole
coast until you come to Norfolk; for at Phil-
adelphia the yard is in process of dismantling.
Is the gentleman from Massachusetts pre-
pared, without investigation, to strike from
half the Atlantic coast every navy-yard?
The committee have examined the question
as to the Brooklyn yard. After considering
both sides of the question and weighing the
pros and cons, if. has been deemed judicious
that this yard should be sold. I for one do
not believe it proper that the bill should be
passed just as reported, giving authority to
remove the property to other " sites." 1 be-
lieve that word ought to be struck out so that
the bill may be really what it purports to be,
a d what I suppose the gentleman from Mas-
sachuse.ts believes it to be, a measure of
economy witn the view of reducing the num-
ber of navy-yards.
But wo should not proceed too fast, even in
a desirable direction. If the Brooklyn navy-
yard can be sold and the money turned into
the Treasury, good. Then if it appears, after
proper investigation and report, that the
Charlestown navy-yard ought to be sold, let a
measure for that purpose be adopted. Then if
it appears that the Kittery yard is not needed
and ought to be sold, although it is in my
State, 1 will join in urging that it too shall go.
But let us not proceed rashly and at one blow
strike from half the Atlantic coast every pro-
tection of this kind.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Before the gentleman
from Maine takes his seat, as he is a member
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, I desire
to ask liiin a single question.
Mr. HALE. I wili hear it.
Mr. VAM W1CK. Will the gentleman from
Maine allow me to inquire why the Naval Com-
mittee, il they desire to discontinue navy-
yards, should recommend the sale of only one,
and that the most important, where the outlay
of millions has made it the most perfect and
complete in its appointment and machinery of
all our yards ? And will the gentleman inform
us what could be realized from the dry-dock,
which cost over two million dollars, and ship-
yards and other buildings now worth over live
million dollars? Is it desirable to sacrifice so
much property to inaugurate this experiment?
Mr. HALli. The answer to this question is
patent. The gentleman's inquiry is why the
Committee on Naval Affairs have struck at
one of the most valuable navy-yards, one more
valuable than any other? Because it is so val-
uable is the very reason why its sale is provided
for by the committee. It is not only valuable
because it has cost largely, but because it will
bring an enormous price largely in excess of
that cost; and this is why before any other
yard we propose to sell it, having also become
convinced that it is an obstruction to Brooklyn
and is not needed by the Government.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, a member of
the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire, in addition to
what the gentleman from Maine has said, to
ask whether it is not a fact, bringing this mat-
ter before the House more prominently than
otherwise, that the people of Brooklyn desire
the passage of this bill; and whether the dis-
tinguished gentleman representing that district
[Mr. Sloccm] has not appeared before the
committee asking for this removal ?
Mr. HALE. That is certainly so. There
was practically but one expression before the
committee from the great cities of New York
and Brooklyn in reference to the selling of
this-yard. The press and the Representative
from the navy-yard district took that ground.
That is a marked difference between this aud
any other yard.
Mr. tsCOFJELD. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Slocc'M.]
Mr. AllCiiER. For how long does the
chairman yield to the gentleman from New
York ?__
Mr. SLOCUM. I only want twenty minutes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 desire to demand the
previous question, and put the bill on its pas-
sage to-day.
Mr. SLOCUM. I will be satisfied with fifteen
miuutes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will yield to the gentle-
man for fifteen minutes.
Mr. WOOD. At the expiration of the morn-
ing hour, does not this go over? ,
The SPliAKEll. Even if the previous ques- !
tion be demanded, at half past one o'clock, to 1
the exclusion of all other orders, the House j
has ordered House bill No. 2690, for the better ]
protection of the frontiers of Texas, shall be j
considered. I
Mr. SLOCUM. Mr. Speaker, tbeBrooklyn I
navy-yard is the most valuable and important
of all our navy-yards. It will be seen by refer-
ence to Executive Document No. 15 of the pres-
ent session that the lirst purchase of laud was
made in the year 1801; that in the year 1810
the Stale of New York ceded jurisdiction of
the territory embraced within the yard to the
General Government, with the condition that
jurisdiction should revert to the State when-
ever the Government should cease to use it
for the purpose for which it was purchased.
Underlie Montgomery charier cf 1730 the
city of New York acquired title to the land
between high and low water irark on lb®
Brosklyn as well as the New York side of
East river. On the 18th of May, X%1. the
city of New York conveyed to the Govern-
ment title to the land between high ai:d low
water mark bordering on the navy-yard, with
a condition that this should revert to ibe city
when the Government ceased to use tbe prop-
erty as a navy-yat;d. Subsequently the city
conveyed in fee, without any right of rever-
sion, the greater portion of the land between
high and low water mark. (See Conveyance
No. 6, dated May 13,1853.) From these con-
veyances it will be seen that if the yard is now
sold the only portion that will revert to the
original owner is that between high and low
water mark along a small portion of the present
yard, and that the land bordering upon this
wili be held just as ail the land along our water
front has been held.
New York city has always been liberal with
the owners of land bordering upon the river,
and has generally conveyed the title to the land
between high and low water mark at merely
nominal prices. The document to which I
have referred gives tbe title of the Government
to all tbe land embraced within the navy-yard,
and from this it will be seen that no obstacle
exists to the sale and conveyance by the Gov-
ernment of every acre of land within the limits
of the yard.
The consideration of this bill necessarily
involves a question as to the wisdom and eeon-
oiny on the part of the Government in main-
taining at this lime great dock yards for the
building and repairing of Government vessels.
It may have been wise, and perhaps abso-
lutely necessary, for the Government fifty years
ago to establish yards where it could do its
own work, for commerce was then in its in-
fancy and no private yards existed where such
work could be done.
In a treatise upon dock-yard economy, writ-
ten by Barry and published in 1863, aud which
I have in my Land, he says:
"The English dock-yards were originally estab-
lished for what were deemed good reasons of State
policy. They were intended to provide that which
could not be conveniently or so weil provided else-
where. AtthatperiodEngland, continental Europe,
and America presented a striking contrast to their
state just now. The mechanitul audmiiout'acturing
arts may be said to have been since created. ESutce
the establishment of the dock-yards modern ship-
building takes its rise. The ship-building tliat then
and long subequentiy existed was an unsightly small
craft, rude, ill-finished copies oi rlie old school that
had long preceded, ana it was m the hands ofquamt
old fellows who were particular as to the season
when keels were laid, timber set up, and the first
stake of planking tastened. However, to do them
justice, ship-buiiding was not encouiaged greatly,
aud they were not behind their neighbors in general
intelligence and skill. Commerce then flowed within
narrow bounds. The impression then existed that
it was ruinous to receive commodities iiorn other
nations, and only profitable to bestow tiiem. Only
between a country and its colonies was trade un-
shackled, and such a trade could at the best lurnish
an intermittent and tee.de impulse to the buildirg
of sea-going ships from year to year. So, when it
became necessary to possess cruisers, squadrons, and
fleets, lord high admirals had no choice but that of
building for themselves. Conti.iets they could not
give, because there were no private iiims to take
them. Left, therefore, between building ships and ■
not possessing them, they neceseariiy adopted the
former course.
" There is an obvious eonseqaence of some import-
ance arising out of this first intention. It is that as
the dock-yards have theirorigm m thenecei-sities of
naval war, and in the absence of great private estab-
lishments in which ships of w:ireould be built, there
is not another word to be said iu suppoi t of the con-
tinuance of the dock-yards as they now exist. Mani-
festly. if up to tbe present time war had been
unknown, and ail at once its ghastlv forms presented
themselves to men's minds, as somethiogwith wliieh
they must at last become familiar, no sane man
would have thought of providing ships in any oiher
way lor ihe publio service than ships are provided
for private seivice. Some may answer that the
dock-yard service is better and-more to be depended
upon than ship-yard work: bat surely it must be
apparent that this is only saying that (hedock-yard
officials are incapable to supei intend ship-y.ird work,
and that workmen cannot perform their task in so
satisfactory a manner outside Ihe dock-yards ns lhey
can within. The objections, as wilt bo shown here-
after. are altogether groundless. The first intention
of the dock-yards was to provide that winch could
