1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
Lands or at anybody else's. He can defend
himself. His deeds of patriotism are as grand
and as noble as those of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts. No man living has a
higher appreciation, in proportion to what he
is able to conceive, of the efforts of the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts than myself.
I caught my inspiration from him in the fight
for freedom. I lighted my youthful taper at
his full-glowing lamp. But, sir, the Senator
has not displayed all the patriotism, nor has he
performed all the efforts in this great work of
freedom. He marshaled around him greater
armies than the President ever had, and armies
as potent with the ballot as were those of Grant
with the bullet. I regret exceedingly, then,
that he should have thought it necessary to
make this uncalled-for attack.
Mr. SUMNER. Do not do me injustice.
Mr. NYE. 1 do not seek to do the Senator
injustice. It is not in my heart to do so.
Now, what is the fact? The honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has made a vow to
himself, and has proclaimed it to the world,
that San Domingo shall not be annexed to the
United States. The President differs with
him in opinion on this subject, and desires an
examination into the propriety of annexation.
While the one seeks information, the other is
in most stubborn opposition to any inquiry.
Is the reservoir of knowledge full to the hon-
orable Senator? Is he not willing to go again
to the fountain ; and if he can draw new light
is he not willing to change his opinion ? No ;
but it is a crime to differ with him in opinion !
Allow me to call the honorable Senator's
attention to a fact of which, perhaps, I have
no right to speak; but at one time a large
majority of the people who have acted with
him for years entertained a different opinion
from himself. Sir, is it a cause of offense on
the part of the President of the United States
to differ in opinion with any Senator on this
floor? Is it a cause of offense on the part of
the President for any Senator to differ with
him? Not at all; and I call the attention of
my Democratic friends to an instance which
they will all remember. At the time Mr. Van
Buren first broached the idea in his message
of a sub-Treasury, it met with stern opposition
from his own friends. In his next message he
renewed that recommendation, and it cost him
his reelection, but is now the law of the land.
Perhaps the crowning laurel on his brow is
the fact that the sub-Treasury was established.
There was an instance where the opinion, not
only of Senators, but of the people differed
from that of the President, but time has vindi-
cated the wisdom of his suggestion, and the
sub-Treasury stands as immovable to-day as
the Constitution itself.
Sir, I do not understand the system of ethics
or reasoning by which it is argued that because
the President may differ from me, or I may
differ from my brother Senator, it is a cause of
offense. Had the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts clothed his remarks in language less
severe, I should not have had so much cause
to complain. I believe it to be a sound rule in
the action of all of us not to call everything by
its harshest name. Good neighborhood and
intercourse are kept up by applying milder
appellations to what we may even consider
offenses. I do not know wherein lies the pro-
priety of charging the President of the United
States with crime. What is his offense? Is it
because he differs from the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts in opinion ? I think it is.
No such language will escape the President
toward that honorable Senator. He yields, as
we must all yield in political as well as other
intercourse, the right to every man to think for
himself. I do'not by any means consider it a
crime that the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts should oppose the annexation of San
Domingo. It is his right to do so, and nobly
has he sustained it. He has no right to blame
me, acting perhaps by lesser lights, for favoring
the annexation of San Domingo. Is ita crime
in me? No, sir. Were I to sit in judgment,
I should say it was a mistaken judgment on the
part of the honorable Senator. What he would
say of others who differed from him is that per-
haps they did not know as well as he, but that
they were as honest in their conclusions, and
as earnest in their convictions. That seems
to me to be the only rule by which political
associations can be held together, so as to
insure their success, and upon which success
may depend principles as dear as the life of
the institutions under which we live.
But the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts started off in a quadrille of blood,<and
nobly did he dance; and when he could not
get blood enough really flowing, he had rivers
of it. in imagination. His fancy reddens at the
prospect of slaughter! Blood, blood, blood!
Would the honorable Senator stay the rivers
of blood that flow in San Domirigo? Let the
flag of our country float in her harbors. No
greater complimentcould be paid to this nego-
tiation than the fact that the simple presence
of the American flag, a symbol of power and
protection, has stayed the effusion of blood
and the overthrow of Baez, who is, to use the
Senator's language, "a jockey." I do not
know whether it is proper in the Senator to
call the president of a neighboring republic a
jockey. It would be unbecoming in me. Why ?
Because he is the authority through whom his
people speak, and we listen to what he says.
He is the acknowledged authority of the people
of Dominica. My friend from Massachusetts
says he would not be if Cabral could getathim,
Cabral has been at him, and Baez has driven
him back to the mountain fastnesses of aborder
ruffian. Cabral, whom the honorable Senator
is ready to eulogize, has received his deserts
from the president of that republic, Baez. _ He
has been driven from his.marauding incursions
back to his mountain fastnesses. Therefore I
doubt the propriety of the honorable Senator
calling him a''jockey."
He says there were three of this tribe: Caz-
neau, Fabens, and Baez. - Now the honorable
Senator will not feel offended with me if I in-
form him that Fabens is a correspondent of
his own and has broken bread at his own table.
I know my honorable friend would not asso-
ciate with such men as he has described. He
had forgotten that fact. I found that out in
another way. My honorable friend will recog-
nize the fact. He not only corresponded with
Fabens, but corresponded with hira upon this
very question. My friend was for giving them
a protectorate, and his correspondent, Fabens,
was for annexation. So it seems that every-
body who does not agree precisely with my
honorable friend must be vicious and bad, from
the President of the United States down to
I Cazneau and Fabens!
I Would my friendstop this "dance of blood?"
I Let him be no more troubled about the now
1 ruling power of Hayti. Sir, if we are correctly
| informed, Salnavewas the lawfully constituted
I president of the republic of Hayti, and he was
I overthrown and murdered by Saget,, the man
who now holds power, and whom the Senator
holds up in preference to the President of his
own country.
Mr. SUMNER. Never.
Mr. NYE. The Senator says '-never." He
said that if that was all he would leave them
opposed to each other, and let the world judge.
Mr. SUMNER. On that question.
Mr. NYE. What did the honorable Senator
mean by that but to convey the impression to
the world that. Saget was the superior in morals
of the man whom the Senator says is guilty of
a crime as the President of his own country /
I desire to be candid. I can hardly believe
that the honorable Senator weighed with his
usual care the language that he used, for his
manner was that of excitement and impulsive-
ness. I hope he will read it to-morrow, and
then he will see the great wrong he has done.
''Nine menaces against Hayti,' he savs,
are to be found in the message of the Presi-
dent. My friend overlooked all the good things
in that message. He was looking for what
seems to be the nightmare of his mind, and
trying to find something to weigh against those
who are in favor of the annexation of the
Dominican republic.
Sir, since we have sat here to-night I have
been honored by the receipt of a little coun-
try newspaper from the interior of New York,
from the township in which I spent the best
part of my life. It is edited by two gentlemen,
whom I knew when they were children. I will
ask the Secretary to read some little comments
to be found in that paper upon the message of
the President. This paper comes from the
mountains of New York, where the people are
honest, if they are not as smart as in some
other localities.
The Secretary read the following article from
the De Ruyter New Era, of the loth .instant:
"President Grant, at the conclusion of his annual
message, thus concisely states the aspect and aim of
the Republican party:
'"In conclusion, I would sum up the policy of the
Administration to be a thorough enforcement of
every law, a faithful collection of the taxes provided
for, economy in the disbursement of the same, a
prompt paymentof every debtof thenation, areduc-
tion of the taxes as rapidly as the requirements of
the country will admit; the reductions of taxation
and tariff to be so arranged as to afford the greatest
relief; fair dealings with all other people to the end
thatwar.with all its blighting consequences, may ba
avoided, but without surrendering any right or obli-
gation due to us; a reform in the treatment of the
Indians, and in the whole civil servieeof the country;
and finally, in securing a pure, untrammeled ballot,
where every man entitled to cast a vote may do so
just once at each election, without fear of molesta-
tion or proscription on aceountof his political faith,
nativity, or color.'
" Yre commend the above to the careful attention
of every citizen. Where in so few words can we find
distinctly stated the trueobjectof government? Can
we improve on the great principles laid down in the
foregoing? Well it will be for our country when
such an era as President Grant thus describes is in
political operation alloverourland. We can all bear
witness to the fact that the administration of Presi-
dent Grant has labored assiduously to promote this
end. Whatbetterplatform can be devised to promote
the welfare and happiness of our land ?"
Mr. NYE. Such are the honest utterances
of honest men in regard to that message.^ My
friend from Massachusetts found no time in his
remarks to pay a passing commentary upon
any other portion of the message. Like the
stock-jobber who reads nothing in the papers
but the sale of stocks and the markets of stocks,
my friend sees nothing in this message but what
applies to San Domingo.
Now, sir, what higher evidence could there
be of the honesty of the President than that,
against the noble judgment of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, he should dare to
venture to suggest to the Congress of the Uni-
ted States that he thinks it worthy of inquiry
whether this project of annexation should be
pressed further or not? Spme gentleman in
the course of the debate said that if this com-
mission were organized there would be a white-
washing report. I have not quite lost all my
confidence in the honesty of mankind ; I have
not lost all my confidence in the honest judg-
ment of my fellow-men, and I hope the time
is far distant when I shall distrust ix. Sir, in
what possible milder form could this measure
be submitted than in its present shape ? I ask
my honorable friend, if there are facts about
this subject that are unknown to him and un-
known to the world, does he not want them
brought to light? If indeed there are reasons
to be urged in favor of the annexation of San
Domingo thathave not been urged, or if a more
thorough exploration and a more thorough
mastery of thefactsin relation to the finances,
&c., of that country is required, where else
should you look but to an honest commission
sent out for the purpose of honestly inquiring
in relation to these much-needed facts? -
But the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts says that if his ftiend Agassiz were
appointed, he would not act without compen-
sation. Well, sir, others could be f<?u"d w"°
would go without compensation, J. cio not
believe that the American character is reduced
