240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
to that low ebb that there cannot be found three
men of high standing, both in social and polit-
ical life, who would be willing to go to San
Domingo for the future glory of their country
to inquire into these facts. Sir, the trouble
lies here: the President and, from all appear-
ances, a majority of this Senate disagree with
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, and
for that there is no forgiveness. If I could be
made to feel that his position on the question
of San Domingo shouldaffect bis standing any-
where, I should be ashamed of myself, acting
upon any evidence aside from his own asser-
tion. lknow that he stands upon high ground,
and I am wot asking too much of the honor-
able Senator when 1- ask him to concede to
others who differ from him that same meed of
honesty.
Well, sir, acting upon that, I submit the
question to the country whether the honor-
able Senator to-day in his speech treated the
President with that fairness with which I would
have him treated by everybody. There are cer-
tain characters that have been made so lumin-
ous by deeds of bravery and of patriotism
as to attract attention and stand out preem-
inently in advance of their fellows. Two such
characters are the President of the United
States aud the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts. Do what he may, cut down this friend
or the other, I shall remember the glory that
has clustered around him and the triumphs that
he has won, and nothing shall cxtraet from
me an expression of unkindness toward him.
While I glory in his independence, I glory
likewise in the independence of those who
differ in opinion from him. Sometimes long
series of successes to those who have been in
the habit of leading make it appear an offense
for a person to differ with them. I do not
know but that may be slightly the case with
my honorable friend. He has led us through
a terrible labyrinth. But other questions have
sprung up on which minds differ, and I do not
know bnt that he feels as though we all ought
to bow down to him as we did upon the great
measure that he made the specialty of his life.
Sir, did it not involve a principle, I would
always do it with deference to his superior
judgment.
But, sir, we are told that the people of this
country are opposed to Dominican annexation.
If so,theywant the information which we seek.
Is there any better way? Not at all. If the
honorable Senator desires to share further in
this matter let him be a commissioner and go
himself, and he will come back with a new
song in his mouth, I will warrant you. So
apparently blind to everything else, he seems
to think that the President reached out after
him to remove him from the Committee on
Foreign Relations. This mysterious knowl-
edge; this knowledge that is not for the public;
this knowledge that one keeps so sacred that
he will not even tell the body that he asks to
aetupouit—what is it except that he has beem;
told so and so? Sir, what have you been told
a thousand times; what have all of us been
told? And when we came down to the foci
the teller was the inventor of the tale. X have
been told worse things than that, but I did not
believe them. Do you suppose that if I should
hear to-morrow that my friend was longing for
the blood of the President I would believe it?
[Laughter.] No, sir; the only place where
lie uses blood is in a "dance." [Laughter.]
He dances it, but never takes it. No, sir; the
story would be too ridiculous to think of. Be-
lieve you that the warrior wants my friend's
blood? It will course until nature chills it, in
its veins before it will be harmed by any one,
I hope. Visions of danger are floating about
him when he is as safe as the babe in its moth-
er's arms. Nobody would harm him. It only
shows what n heightened, quickened fancy can'
imagine. Everything is wrong because the
President of the United States is in favor of
annexing San Domingo, and not a creature
that his fancy can create but what starts at his
bidding! I advise my friend to just take a
little of Rad'way's Beady Relief, [laughter,] get
a sound sleep, and all these fancies will flee
away to the source from whence they came.
There is no danger.
The honorable Senator is not quite content
in swinging his saber in a threatening attitude
over the head of the President, but lie attacks
with more ferocity still what he terms the aid-
de-koiiff—that is the French of it, I suppose;
we call it in plain English aid-de-camp. Now,
sir, because in this protocol, as it is called,
evidently drawn by Mr. Gautier, in which he
descsribes this man as aid-de-camp of the Pres-
ident, fancy is on its wheels; here is a regal
power, the President has got an aid-de-camp,
and the Senator inquires whether in the Con-
stitution or laws there is such an office! I an-
swer no, there is no such office ; but a man of
tinsel put it in ; but when Mr. Babcock comes
to sign his name, he signs it plain "Orville E.
Babcock." But my friend says—now comes
the lawyer—that the description in a deed is
what gives it character.
Suppose I should, in a deed that I was
going to execute to my friend, describe him
as "Charles Sumxer, the greatest of living
American statesmen," would it vitiate the
deed? [Laughter.] Suppose I should say
'' Chaiiles Sumner, the leading abolitionist in
America," would that vitiate the deed ? Sup-
pose I should say "the man who had military
aspirations, but never gratified them," would
that vitiate the deed ? [Laughter.] But sup-
pose that Mr. Sumxer was conveying to me,
and I should be described in some unnatural
character, would I be bound by it? No matter
how he was described, if he signed it plain
"Charles Sumner,'' as nobody else can sign
it, would he be aid-de-camp or Scmxer?
[Laughter.] Why Sumner, of course, for that
is his own description of himself; and that was
Babcock's description of himself in the pro-
tocol. There is anarchy, there is usurpation ;
consult the Constitution, consult the law, says
the honorable Senator, and sec if you can find
such a thing ! We all knew before he told us
that there was not any such thing there. He
puts up an image to combat when there is no
image there.
Sir. it was hardly worth all the towering
ability and the genius of the honorable Sen-
ator to get up such a figure as that. Babcock
still lives notwithstanding that Spanish descrip-
tion, and through the grace of God the country
still survives and it will continue, and in the
history of the world, if it had not been for the
speech of the honorable Senator, nobody would
ever have known that a Spaniard had written
"aid-de-camp to his Excellency the President
ofthe United States."
" Optics nice it takes, I ween,
To see what is not to be seen."
The Senator tries to make out a case not only
upon broad grounds, but upon little specialties
on which he dwells with a relish equaled only
by those who like to feed on rottenness, as ele-
ments of the criminality of the President of the
United States. Sir, before some country jus-
tice of the peace that might do in an early day ;
but it will not do in this day of light and intel-
ligence. It is reaching out after something
that does not exist and magnifying a mole-hill
into a mountain. Upon such authority he hurls
the dart of his power against the President of
the United States. It may do for Sumner, but
it would not do for me.
Now, sir, the treaty to which this was a pro-
tocol is dead through the instrumentality of its
most polite executioner, the honorable Senator
himself. Why resurrect that? This inquiry is
not in relation to that treaty. Assume, if you
please, that Mr. Babcock's conduct was wrong,
does that prevent a right course of conduct
hereafter by men more experienced and better
fitted for the place? That is the argument.
Why stand here and pound a corpse? That
treaty is dead. My friend seems desirous of
convincing us that there is punishment after
death, and he goes after that dead treaty.
[Laughter.]
Sir, in conclusion, it seems to me that my
friend from Massachusetts has reached out for
on occasion to give vent to his imagery upon a
supposed state of facts. I do not care if he i-s
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, one thing I stand here to declare: that
to submit a proposition to a committee who
j have written the seal of condemnation upon it
in advance is indulging in a farce with the best
interests of this country. Does my friend mean
to say that if the resolution was referred to him
he would report in its favor? Does my honor-
able friend from Missouri [Mr. Suhurz] or my
honorable friend from New Hampshire [Mr.
Patterson"] mean to say that? By no means ;
for they have all expressed their opinions de-
cidedly against it.
Sir, in the trial of any measure or any man
before any tribunal on this earth it is entitled
to an unprejudiced jury and a fair-minded judge.
To submit a question to-day that they decided
yesterday is to insult their intelligence and to
make appear very dull the intelligence of those
who submit it. Were I chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, having expressed
such an opinion, it seems to me that when this
proposition was made I should have risen to
my feet and said, "It would be improper to
refer it to this committee ; my mind has been
I made up and has been expressed." It seems
| to me that I would have done that; but per-
i haps that would not have been right.
I But, sir, the question is addressed to the
| intelligence of this Senate whether that refer-
ence, after this exhibition, shall be made.
The President and his measures are at least
entitled to a fair hearing ; and where can they
have a fairer one than before this body ? Is it
in the secrets of the committee-room ? No. Is
it upon the musty files among the archives of
the country, where none but the privileged are
allowed to look? No, sir. The proposition
stands upon its own merits, and addresses
itself to the judgment of each individual here.
This Senate needs no enlightenment from the
committee upon thatsubject. They have had all
they can get. But the country does require u.
fair trial, and the Administration upon these
points is entitled to a fair hearing, and entitled
i to an examination that shall give the world to
understand whether the Executive is right in
his convictions, or the Senator from Massa-
chusetts and those who believe with him. Has
the President done anything to forfeit this
right? In what branch has his administration
failed to be a success? In none. Has he man-
aged your finances well ? Let the record speak.
Are the recommendations that he makes in
his message those of peace, and not of blood?
Let the message speak for itself. Has he so
demeaned himself before the world as to be
entitled to the privileges and prerogatives of
the poorest of the earth ? A fair hearing, un-
eondemned at least before trial, will be the
verdict of an honest people.
I complain, therefore, that in the discussion
upon this question of reference the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts has seized upon
an occasion to do what will be painful to him
to his last day ; he has seized upon this occa-
sion to strike so high that the bow which he
drew with such terrific power will not have
strength enough in it to carry the arrow to the
mark. No, sir; he will stand to-day and for
all time as the boldest among the bold of the
champions of human freedom. He will stand
as spotless as the mountain snow of anything
of crime within the memory of all of us who
know him. Pure as is the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, equally pure is the Presi-
dent of the United States, and he wouldshrink
from the commission of a crime with all the
sensitiveness that the fine feeling of the honor-
oWe Senator from Massachusetts would.
_ Sir, let us not indulge in these wild expres-
sions upon this simple question of a reference
to a committee. Does my honorable friend
