1678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Mr. DAWES. I move to close all debate
upon the pending paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COX, (at five o'clock and fifty-five min-
utes p. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. Oh, no ; let us take the
sense of the House on the amendment of the
gentleman from Connecticut, and then go on
with the bill.
The question was put on Mr. Cox's motion ;
and there were—ayes 77, noes 80.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon Mr. Stark-
weather's amendment; and being put, there
were—ayes 52, noes 102.
The SPEAKER pro tempore stated that the
amendment, was not agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to suspend the rules
and pass the bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I call for tellers
on my amendment.
[Cries of "Too late!" "Too late."]
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Then I will offer
the same amendment, only reducing the appro-
priation to $50,000, and call for the yeas and
nays upon it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House do now adjourn. There are too many
jobs in this bill for it to be passed under a
suspension of the rules, too many bad appro-
priations in it.
Mr: STARKWEATHER. I renew my
amendment, in the modified form.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gen-
tleman from Connecticut says that he called
for tellers on his amendment in time the Chair
will take his word for it.-
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I certainly did
call for them in time; but I am witling,to
waive the call and to try the amendment again,
modified as I have suggested.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dasves] with-
draws his motion the amendment will be iu
order.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw his motion.
Mr. DAWES. No, sir; I insist on my
motion.
Mr. S TARKWEATHER. Then I insist on
my demand for tellers.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Connecticut informed the Chair that
he called for tellers in time, and the Chair will
entertain the demaud for tellers.
Mr. AMBLER. The gentleman waived
the demand for tellers right here before the
House.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I said that I
would waive it if 1 could have an opportunity
to offer the amendment in a modified form.
Mr. AMBLEK. He could not do it condi-
tionally.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
orders tellers.
Mr. Starkweather, and Mr. Dawes were
appointed tellers.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I quite agree with the Chair that it
was right for him to recognize the call of the
gentleman from Connecticut for tellers. I do
not wish to antagonize him; but the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] rose to a
privileged motion and moved that the House
adjourn. Was that motion in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It was, but
the Chair understood that the gentleman from
Illinois waived it until a vote could be taken
by tellers upon the amendmeat of the gentle-
man from Connecticut.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not waive my
motion ; but I have no objection to a vote
being taken on the amendment.
The House then divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-eight, noes not counted.
So the amendment of Mr. Starkweather
was not agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now insist on my mo-
tion that the rules be suspended and the bill
passed.
Mr. COX. I renew the motion that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. Oh, no; let me try my
motion.
Mr. COX. The House is not in a condition
to try it now.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to the House to let
us try if wecanflot pass the bill. [Loud cries
of"No!" "Nol" "Order!" "Order!"] I
demand the yeas and nays on the motion to
adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 70', nays 99, not voting
71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Beatty,
Beck, Biggs, Booker. Burchard, Burdett, Burr, Sid-
ney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Cul-
lom, Wegener, Joseph Dixon, Dockery, Box, Duke,
Ela, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss. Carfield, Gretz,
Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hay. Ilolman. Holmes,
Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Lawrence,
Lewis, Lynch, Manning, Marshall, McCarthy, Mc-
Crarv, McNeoly, Morgan, Mungren, Packer, Ifalbert
E. Paine. William W. Paine, Pomerov, Potter,
Reeves, Rice, Sawyer, Shanks, Shob.er, Joseph S.
Smith, "William J. Smith. Worthington C. Smith,
Stiles, Stokes, Strader, Tafi'e. Van Auken, Van
Trump, Welker, Willard, John T. Wilson, Win-
chester. Wolf, and Young—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Atnes, Armstrong, Arnell,
Asper, Atwood, Axtell, Banks, Barry, Bennett, Ben-
ton, Bethune, Bingham, Blair, Boles, George M.
Biooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Benjamin F.
Butler. Roderick It Bufcler. Calkin. Cessna. Church-
ill, William T. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Con-
ger, Cowles, Dawes, Dickey, Donley, Ferry, Fink-
elnburg, Fisher, Fox, (xiliillan, Ilaight, Haie, Ilam-
ill, Hawley, Hill, Hoar, IXooper, Jenckcs, Kclley,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Kctckam. Knapp. Lutlin, Logan,
Long, Mayham, Maynard, McKee, McKenzie, Mer-
enr, William Moore. Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell,
Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Palmer,
Peek, Peters, Phelps, Piatt. Porter, Prosser, Rainey,
Roots, Sargent, Sehumaker, Scofield, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Shorrod, John A. Smith, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,
Stfpher, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble, Twichcll,
Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, William B. Washburn,
Wells, Williams/and Eugene M. Wilson—99.
NOT VOTINU—Messrs. Ayer, Bailey, Barnuin,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bird, Bowen. Boyd, James
Brooks, Cake, Cleveland, Cook, Corker, Darrall,
Dickinson, Nathan F. Dixon, Duval, Dyer, Fitch,
(ribson, Grisvvold, llaldeman, llambloton. Hays,
Hetliri, Hoge, Hotehkiss, Tngersoll, Johnson, Judd,
Julian, Kerr, Knott, Lash, Loughridge, MeCormiek,
McGrew, Milues, Ulialtimll. Moore, JesseH. Moore,
Morey. Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Newsham,
Niblack, Perce, Poland, Price, Randall, Rogers,
Sanford, Porter Sheldon, Slocum, Stone, Swann,
Sweeney, Tanner, Taylor, Van Wyck, Vooihees,
Wallace, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wheeler,
Whitetey, Whitniore, Wilkinson, Wmans, Witcher,
Wood, and Woodward—VI.
So the motion to adjourn was j^ot agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CHURCHILL said: My colleague,
Mr. Wheeler, has been obliged to leave the
House on account of indisposition.
The SPEAKERyro tempore. The question
recurs upon the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to suspend the
rules and pass the bill under consideration.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will it be in order
to have the bill read, so that the House may
understand what it is that they are asked to
pass in this way?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
to suspend the rules includes the suspension
of the rule which gives a member the right to
call for the reading of the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order that when a motion is made to sus-
pend the rules and pass a bill, not merely to
bring it before the House for consideration,
we have a right to have the bill read, so that
we may understand what it is.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There are thirty pages
of this printed bill which have not yet been
even read in the hearing of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order. The motion to
suspend the rules includes a suspension of all
the rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to make a
point of order on several paragraphs in this
bill for which tbere is no existing law warrant-
ing the appropriation proposed.
Mr. DAWES. There is not a dollar in this
bill for which there is not an estimate from
the proper Department.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
to suspend the rules includes a suspension of
all rules, which, if not suspended, might ex-
clude certain matter from this bill. The only
remedy that the Chair can see is for the House
to vote down the motion to suspend the rules,
when the consideration of the bill will be pro-
ceeded with under the rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This bill has never
been read to the House. [Cries of "Order!"
" Order! "]
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to offer
an amendment to this bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No amend-
ment is in order pending a motion to suspend
the rules and pass the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want to make an
inquiry of the Chair.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw my call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BINGHAM. I renew the call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want to make an
inquiry of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will hear the gentleman.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would it be in order
to point out the items of appropriation in this
bill for which there is no provision of existing
law?
Many Members. Order! order!
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am addressing an
inquiry to the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That would
not be in order, for it would be in the nature
of debate, and a motion to suspend the rules
is not debatable.
Mr. POTTER. I wish to put to the Chair
a parliamentary inquiry. Do I understand the
Chair to decide that it is in order to pass a bill
under a suspension of the rules without its
being read ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will decide that question whenever it may
come up. He now decides that the pending
motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill
is in order.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I rise to a point
of order. As I understand, the House ordered
that this bill should be considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and should be read by
sections for amendment. I desire to know
whether a motion to suspend the rules can
override that order of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a mo-
tion to suspend all rules which may stand in
the way of the itnmediate^passage of the bill.
The motion is entirely in accordance with the
ordinary practice -of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think that all rules
are suspended already.
The question was taken on the motion to
suspend the rules ; and there were—yeas 69,
nays 92. not voting 79 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Atwood, Ax-
tell, Banks. Bennett, Bingham, Boles, Buck, Buffin-
ton, Burdett, Benjamin F.Butler, Roderick R. But-
ler, Cessna, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Con-
ger. Dawes. Diekey, Nathan P. Dixon, Ferry, Fisher,
Ciltillan, Hale, Hamilton, Hawley, Hoar, Hotcbkiss,
Jenckes, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketchaui, Lailin,
Long, Maynard, McKcnzie, Mercur, William Afo.-t c,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell,Myers, Negley. O'Neill,
Orth, Palmer, Peck, Peters, Phelps. Plait, Poller,
Prosser, Roots, Sargent, Lionel A. Sheldon, Slark-
"weathcr, Stevenson, Stokes. Stoughton. Strickland,
Strong, Sypher, Tillman, Trimble, Twichell, Van
Horn, William B. Washburn. Eugene M. Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—69.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Ambler. Archer. Arnell,
Asper, Barry, Beatty, Beck, Benton, Bird. Blair,
Booker,(Jeorge M.Xirooks, Buckley, Burchard, Burr,
Calkin, Churchill, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Coburn. Conner. Cowles, Crebs, Cullom. Degener,
Joseph Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Dox, Duke. Ela,
