1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1067
S irao of the sowers from the city of Brooklyn
empty into the Waiiabout,the place where ourships
lio. and there is a constant destruction of the copper
on 'heir bottoms, owing to this circumstance.
The Waiiabout is a thoroughfare which tho Gov-
ernment canuot close, and the cob dock i3 separated
by itlrom the navy-yard. The land occupied by this
yard would bo of inestimable value to the city of
Brooklyn, and would afford great facilities to the
commerce of New York, if the Government would
dispose of it. The buildings arcof an inferior kind,
in some cases unsuitable, and there ore many rea-
sons why this yard could be more advantageously
loeated up the North River, where machinery,stores,
tools. &c.t could bo transported from time to time, as
tbe woikon tho new yard progressed. This would
entail no expense on the Government, the value of
the land occupied by the present navy-yard being
so great that tbe proceeds of a sale would build up
an establishmentoffour timcathe size of the present
yard.
Atleast eight hundred acres are required fora first-
ehis* navy-yard in New York with a water front of
not less than one mile. This can only be obtained
up the North river, whero vessels are not likely to
bts crowded, where they can get to sea at all times in
winter without fear of damage irom ice, and where
the work can bo done with more advantage to the
Government than is at present the case.
Mr. SLOCUM. Mr. Speaker, this bill lias
also the approval of the Secretary of the Navy,
who in his lust two messages has recommended
its passage. Captain Ammen, chief of the
Buieau ot Yards and Docks, in his last annual
report, uses the following language:
,4 The location of tbe navy-yard at Brooklyn, New
York, has long been considered unfortunate. Tho
water front available is quite limited, the Waiiabout
channel narrow and subject to extraordinary depos-
its ol dire awd washings in by sewers, so as to render
tbe continual use of dredsing-machines necessary,
at a latge annual cost, in order to maintain a re-
quired depth of water. At this important station
in the harbor of the commercial metropolis of the
nation there are always numbers of vessels of war
necess.nity crowded together and exposed to immi-
nent danger from fire, the yard being adjacent to
buildings of v.irious characters, among tbe number
a large gas-bouse.
"Tne lact that a very large tract of land has its
natural dt.linage through *-he yard, the rightof way
tor (hisdraiuagc reserved /or the city, and the form-
ation 9!'tbe surrounding laud such as to render it
impossible, cxcept at an enormous expense, to dis-
charge the contents of the public sewers outside the
limits ot the yard, is now a grave injury. Vessels
newly coppered, lying near the discharge of these
sewers, require almost entire recoppering iu a few
months,caused by theaction of the acids pom manu-
facturing establishments and other chemical agents.
"At my i equest General Sherman was good enough
to detail some ot the ablest engineer officers belong-
ing to the Army lor the purpose of examining into
wuat can be done to mitigate tho disadvantages
which weigh upon this naval Ration.^ A3 yet the
bareau i- not inlormcd as to their opinion.
" Under all the circumstanecs it would seem judi-
cious 10 have a carclul examination made ot the
a<tjae -nt water.-, to ascertain it some other r-ite can-
not be found ir.oic suitable for the purposes of tho
Nav>. Ii is h.udly a m.itter of doubt that a tar bet-
ter s uc can be selected. Tne present sue is valuable
lor city purposes, and it is believed that the pro-
ceeds of its &«le would bo quite sufficient to detray
the expense attendtog the establishment of a new
yard with capacity commensurate to the prospective
wanto ot the country."
Admiral Godon, who was for several years
in command of the Brooklyn navy-yard, and
•who knows all its advantages and disadvan-
tages, addressed the following letter to a mem-
ber of this House who wrote to him for his
views on this subject;
Dear Sir: I hare no hesitation in stating frankly
the principal disadvantages of thesitenow occupied,
and tho causes which m my opinion will ever render
its conversion into a fiist-class dock-yard impracti-
cable. . .
First and greatest among them is the limited water
front, which is a coustunt Kmrcool annoyance and
expense, and for years has been inadequate to the
wants of tho yard.
It m&y have served for all tho requirements of the
Government whou thcstation was m its infancy and
tho Waiiabout was a bay of some extent, but since
the conversion of tho latter into a small stream,
yoaviy becoming less by the accumulation of deposits
from tbe Bastiiver and from two sewers which drain
alarge part  .fBrooklynaud Williamsburg, thespa.ee
baa been insufficient.
Tho vessels, in consequence, are crowded at the
docks, arcmoro exposed to danger from fire, and are
repaired at a much greater expense than t hey would
be were thero sufficient room to movethtsm properly,
Tho filling up of the channel by the deposits
already tpoken of entails upon the Government a
yearly expense of from fifty to one hundred thou-
sand dollars ior dredging, and the gases which arise
from the emptying of the city sewers have a most
destructive effect upon the copper of ail vessels
exposed to their influence.
So great indeed is the damage resulting thero-
from that the cost of simply replacing the copper
destroyed by the action of these gases has become
an item of considerable magnitude, and an expend-
iture of S3 000 semi-annually on each vessel bing in
the Waiiabout is required from this cause alone.
Another dry-dock is greatly needed to expedite
the Government work and increase theefficieucy of
the yard. Out owing to the limited capacity of the
latter its construction is almost if not quite imprac-
ticable.
In addition to these reasons, which in my opinion
unfit the present site for a naval station, may be
mentioned an objection which, did no other exist,
would render a change of location most desirable;
that is, its being in the heart of two large cities.
Whatever may be the advantages possessed by
such a location in respect to the facilities afforded
for obtaining mechanics,they are, in my judgment,
more than counterbalanced by concomitant evils.
The danger from fire to which the public property
is exposed by reason of its being surrounded as it
now is (and must necessarily be in such a locality)
by manufactories, lumber-yards, &c., and above all
oil depots, is greatly increased, and the opportun-
j| ities for the exercise of political influence in tbe
■! employment ot workmen, always injurious to the
jl interests of the Government, are greatly augmented,
ii Of course no location would be entirely exempt
'{ from the last-named objection, but it necessarily
h exists in a greater degree in the midst of political
j centers.
[{ The removal of the present yard, or rather the
j establishment of another—for it would be impracti-
| cable to remove the buildings—would be, ot courso,
ij attended with great expense, and for a time would
il doubtless be detrimental to the interests of the Gov-
ernment; but in view of the great increasing worth
of t he present property, its valuable wharf privileges,
and the price which it would probably bring it sold,
I doubt if the change would cause any ultimate loss.
The land and Government property in the yard
is fully worth $40,000,0^0, and not less than that price
should be obtained for it.
The disadvantages which I have pointed out as
so prominent here as a public establishment would
soon be removed when it became private property.
An antagonism seems ever to exist between the
corporations which havecbargeof greatcities'inter-
ests and Government establishments.
This fact, I think, will be admitted by all who have
had opportunities ol judging in such cases.
The sewers now so destructive to the interests
of the yard would have th< ir coarse changed at once,
and would pass through Brooklyn to the East river
as an outlet: streets would at once be cut through
to the water front, and tbe entire section would be
opened to commerce, and the value of the pioperty,
as well beyond tbe yard as in its immediate neigh-
borhood, would grow incalcuably.
These are matters, however, of which you will be
as able to judge as inysett". No location should be
selected for a uavy-yard without having sufficient
room in all directions, not only for increasing its
capacity when occasion might require it. but to pre-
vent the erection of buildings near its walls which
might endanger its safety*
In thus submitting to you some of the view? which
have suggested themselves to me in connection with
this matter, I havo to apologize for the hasiy man-
ner in wnich they havo been written, and for the
d'.'lay which has occurred in auswering your com-
munication.
My timo has been so much occupied since the re-
ceipt of your letter that I have been unable to reply
to it sooner, or to give the subject tne consideration
which its importance merits.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
S. W. GODON,
Rear Admiral and Commandant,
I think the advocacy of this measure by the
Secretary of the Navy, and such prominent and
well-informed naval officers, should commend
it to the House. As a matter of economy, if
we are to keep up a great navy-yard, it shouid
be upon a site where the interest on the in-
vestment in the land alone will not be greater
than the value of all the ships we build within
irs limits. If we are to keep it, let us build it
np where land can be bought for two or three
hundred dollars per acre, instead of retaining
it where itis worth $100,000 per acre. Let us
locate it in fresh water on a site where iron
vessels," the only ones we shoi*ld think of con-
structing, can be built.
Finally, let it be removed outside the lim-
its of a great city, where political prizes are
fought for once or twice each year, and where
nearly every Administration that has controlled
the country for the last thirty years has per-
mitted the yard to be used as a political ma-
chine, to the detriment of the best interests
of oar cities as well as that of the Govern-
ment. Let us take it to a location where there
will be less temptation to the authorities to re-
move experienced ship carpenters and put in
their places men who have no trade, no occu-
pation, except that of ward politicians. This
has been done repeatedly, and for no other
purpose than to carry an election. I might
appeal to the House to remove the yard in be-
half of the interest of Brooklyn, but [ refrain
from this, believing as I do that on this as
well as on all other questions on which we are
called to act we should be governed solely by
what is to the interest of the people at larg<\
[At the expiration of his time, Mr. Slocum
not having concluded, by unanimous consent
he was allowed to print the remaining portion
of his speech.]
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous con-
sent, was allowed to print in the Globe some
remarks on the bill. [See Appendix.]
The bill then went over.
PROTECTION OP TEXAS FIlOXTIBUS.
The SPEAKER stated that by order of the
House at this time, half past one o'clock, the
question utider consideration was House bill
No. 2690, for the better protection of the front-
iers of Texas.
The Clerk read the pending substitute, as
follows:
That the Secretary of War be authorized to organ-
ize in such counties as are exposed to Indian depre-
dations, andcall into tbe service of the United States,
detachments of mounted men not exceeding thirty
privates and non-commissioned officers and one lieu-
tenant to each county: Piovided, That tbe entire
force shall not exceed the aggregate number of one
thousand..
Sec. 2. And be U further enacted, That said com-
panies shall provide their horses, equipm> nts, and
provisions at their own expense; that they shall be
ready to turn out at all times whenever theirierviees
may be needed; and that they shall not be requited
to serve beyond their own < r the adjoining counties
except under the special order of tac general com-
manding.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said com-
panies shall be recruited from the residents of tho
respective counties only; that they sb-dl be able-
bodied men, between sixteen and forty-five years of
age, who shall receive as lull compensation for each
day of actual service §1 2a lor each private, 53 for
each non-commissioned officer, and $2 oO for tho
lieutenant, and shall be paid by the quartermasters
at the several military posts, at the end of every
month, under such regulations a3 tbe Secretary of
War may prescribe.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$100,000 be, and is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to pay said troops for their services, supplier, and
equipments furnished, at the rate hereinbefore
named.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That a telegraph
line built to conpect the frontier posts in said dis-
trict, and from a suitable place with headquarters
of the emmnuding general, am that the f-um of
$70,000, or so much thereof as may be needed, bo, and
is hereby, appropriated out ot auy money in the
Treasury uototherwise appropriated, to be expended
under the direction ot tho Secretary of War. tor too
erection ot said telegraph line or liu^s*: tjooided,
That no liability on the pait of the United States
thall be incurred lor said telegraph lino or Une3
exceeding said .*um ot £70.000.
Stc. 6. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$50,000 be, and is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
as an additional sum to the appropriation already
made, to carry out negotiations Tor the removal of
the Kiekapoo and other American Indian tribes
low resident in Mexico to reservations within the
United Scates.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed arid read a third time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Texas [Mr. Deggxbr] yield to
me to ask unanimous consent lur the passage
of a joint resolution ?
Mr* DEGrBNEU. T will yield to the gentle-
manjmmediately. But, in the first place, I
desire to offer a word or two of explanation.
The Ilou^e has universally shown me such
courtesy that i regretted 1 was under the ne-
cessity before the morning hour commenced
of insisting on the regular otder. And 1 owe
it to the gentlemen who have showed me this
courtesy hitherto to give an explanation why
1 appeared deficient in courtesy this morning.
The reason was this, that if I had been crowded
out this morning the Committee on Education
also would necessarily have been crowded out
stibseqaemly; and in that case i believe the
Committee on Education would not have had a
chance of being heard again during this ses-
sion. Jt was for their sake, therefore, that I
felt called upon to assume the responsibility
of insisting on the regular order. 1 now yield
