1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1679
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Einkelnburg, Fox,
(xarfield, Grotz, Haight, Harris, Hawkins, Hay, Hill,
Holman, Alexander II. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Lawrence, Lewis, Logan, Manning, Marshall, May-
ham, McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew, McKee, Mc-
Neely, Morgan, Mungen, Packard, Packer, Ilalbert
E. Paine, William W. Paine, Pomeroy, Potter,Ran-
dall,Reeves, Rice, Sawyer. Seofleld, Shanks, Sherrod,
Shober, John A. Smith, William J.Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Stevens, Stiles, Strader, Taffe,
Townsend. Tyner, Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Welker, Wells, Willaid. Williams, Winchester, and
Young—92. „ T,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ayer. Bailey, Bar-
iimn. lieauian, Benjamin, Bethune, Biggs, Bowen,
Boyd, James Brooks, Cake, Cleveland, Cook, Corker,
Cox, Darrai), Dickinson, Duval, Dyer, Fitch, Gib-
son, Griswold, JIaIdeinan,Hambleton,IIamill,Hays,
Heflin, Hoge,Holmes, Hooper, Iugersoll, Johnson,
Judd, Julian, Kerr, Knapp, Knott, Lash, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, MeCormiek, Milnes, Eliakiui II.
Moore, Jesse II. Moore, Morey. Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Mori issey, Newsham, Niblaek, Percc, Poland,
Price. Rainey, Rogers, Sanford, Sehumaker. Porter
Sheldon, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stone, Swann,
Sweeney, Tanner, Taylor, Van Wyek, Voorhees,
Wallace, Ward, CadwaladorC. Washburn, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Whitmore, Wilkinson. Winans, Witcher,
Wolf, Wood, and Woodward—79.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the motion to suspend the rales was
not agreed to.
Mr. DAWES Now let us go on with the
bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no; let us
adjourn. I make that motion.
The question being put,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ayes
appear to have it.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 81, nays71, not voting
88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Beatty, Bock, Bird, Blair, Booker, Burehard, Bur-
dett. Burr, Roderick R. Butler, Sidney Clarke,
Amasa Cobb, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Cullom. Wegener,
Joseph Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Dox, Duke, Eld-
ridge, Farnsworth, Ferries, Garfield, Ger.z, Hale,
Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins. Hay, Holman, Hotch-
kiss, Alexander 11. Jones, Thomas L.Jones, Law-
rence, Lewis, Lynch,Manning,Marshall, McCarthy,
Me.Cr.iry, McKee, MeNeely, Morgan, Morphis, Mun-
gen, Packard, Packer. William W. Paine, Palmer,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Sawyer,
Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith. Stiles, Stokes, Strader, Sypher, Taffe, Trim-
ble, Tyner, Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wel-
lter, WilLird, Williams. John T. Wilson, Winches-
ter, Wolf, and Young—SI.
NAYS — Messrs. Armstrong, Arnell, Asper, At,-
wood, Axtell, Barry, Benton, Boles, George M.
Brooks, Buttintou, Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin,
Cessna. Churchill, William T. Clark, Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cowles, Dawes, Dickey, Ferry,
I'mkelnburg, Fisher, Fox, Gilfillan. Haight,Ilamill,
IIawtey, Hill, Jenekes. Kelley, Kelsey. Ketcham,
Knapp, Laflin, Long, Maynard, Mc-Grew, Mercur,
William Moore, Daniel J. Morrelt, Myers, Negley,
O'Neill, Orth, Peck, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Por-
ter, Prosser, Roots, Sargent, Schuinaker, Scolield,
Shanks, Sherrod, John A. Smith, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stoughton, Stiickland, Strong, Tillman,
Townsend, Twichell, Van Horn, William B. Wash-
barn, Wells, and Eugene M. Wilson—71.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Allison, Ayer, Bailey,
Banks, B.iiuum, Ben man, Benjamin, Bennett, Beth-
une. Biggs, Bingham, Bowen, Boyd, JamesLrooks,
Buck, Buckley, Cake, Cleveland, Cook, Corker, Dar-
r,ill, Dickinson, Nathan F. Dixon, Duval, Dyer, ilia,
Fitch, Gibson, «Griswold, Haldeman. Dambleton,
Hays, lleliin. Hoar, Hoge, Holmes, Hooper, Inger-
soll, Johnson, Judd, Julian, Kellogg, Kerr, Knott,
Ln.-h, Logan. Lougbridge, Mayham, MeCormiek,
MuKonzie. Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore. Jesse H.
Moore, Morey, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, New-
sham, Niblaek. Uulbert E. Paine, Perce, Puce,
Rainey, Riee, itogeiv, Sanford, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Pinter Sheldon. Shober, Slocum, Stevenson, btone,
Swann, Swocnej. Tanner, Taylor, "V an \\ vek, y oor-
hoes, Wallace, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn.
Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Winans.
Witcher. Wood, and Woodward—SS.
So the motion to adjourn was agreed to.
Accordingly (at six o'clock and fifty-five
minutes p.m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presen ted
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. AMBLER: A memorial of a num-
ber of the soldiers of the Mexicau^ war resid-
ing in Stark county, Ohio, praying for the
allowance of pensions to the surviving soldiers
of that war.
By Mr. AXTELL : A petition from citizens of
Tulare county, California, praying -Congress
to extend the time for making payment on
their preemption claims.
By Mr. BEAMAN : The petition of Robert
D. Huff and others,prayingthat the bill to grant
homesteads tosoldiers may be so amended that
the grant to soldiers who have lost a leg or
arm, or both, may be without settlement.
By Mr. BECK: Resolutions adopted at a
public meeting in Woodford county, Kentucky,
praying Congress to grant a charter to the
Cincinnati Southern railroad through Ken-
tucky.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Noah Swettand 41 others, citizens of Wellfleet,
Massachusetts, praying for a modification of
the present duties on salt.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH : The petition of
Sylvanus Town, B. Hackney, and 200 others,
citizens of Aurora, Illinois, in favor of perma-
nent peace.
By Mr. HAWLEY : The petition of Messrs.
Deese & Co., and 10 others, citizens of Mo-
line, Illinois, praying Congress to continue the
publication of the illustrated report of the
Commissioner of Patents as heretofore.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 25, 1871.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Bctler, D. D., Chap-
lain of the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
portage lake canal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now submit a joint resolution of the House
of Representatives which he submitted yester-
day, and which the Senator from Kansas stated
that he desired to have read in full.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand it merely
extends the time for completing a canal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was read twice
yesterday. It will be reported now, subject to
objection.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to put it on its
passage.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 519) extend-
ing the time for the completion of the Portage
Lake and Lake Superior ship caual was read.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Michi-
gan [Mr. Chandi.ee] has not been consulted;
and as he is not here, I ask that it lie on the
table-until lie comes in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will lie on the table.
credentials.
Mr. HOWARD presented the credentials
of Thomas White Feury, chosen by the Legis-
lature of the State of Michigan a Senator from
that State for the term commencing March
4, 1871; which were read, and ordered to be
placed on file.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petition of
D. L. Hogg, praying the removal of the polit-
ical disabilities of John Cranberry, of Texas;
which was referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the petition of
a very large number of citizens of Scott county,
Kentucky, sigued, I should judge from the
number of names I see, by several hundred at
any rate, praying for the passage of the bill to
promote the construction of the Cincinnati and
Southern railway. They set out at consider-
able length the reasons for the passage of that
bill, and the action of the Legislature of Ken- j
lucky in refusing to grant the requisite author- j
ity to construct the road in that State, and \
ask the intervention of Congress by the pas- ;
sage of that bill to secure the construction of j
the road. I move that the petition lie on the i
table, as the bill has been reported.
The motion was agreed to. I
Mr. IIA MLIN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Waterville, Maine, praying the pas-
sage of the bill now before Congress to secure
cheap transportation of breadstuff's from the
West to thesea-board at uniform rates through-
out the year ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. AMES presented a letter of J. R. Smith,
of Mississippi, calling attention to a recent
case of lawlessness in that vicinity; which wag
referred to the select committee on alleged
outrages in southern States.
Mr. CASSERLY presented a petition of
citizens living along the line of the Central
Pacific railroad, praying the sale on reason-
able terms of the timber lands along said
road; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
REPORTS of committees.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was recommitted the bill (S.
No. 1275) for the relief of the owners of the
bark A 1, reported it -without amendment,
the committee seeing no reason to change the
former report.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2358) for the relief of the widow and heirs
of Thomas W. Harvey, deceased, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
application fok patent extensions'.
Mr. WILLEY. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Patents to report back the bill
(S. No. 135B) to amend an act to revise,
consolidate, and amend the statutes relating
to patents and copyrights, without amend-
ment. It is a bill of eleven lines to correct
an oversight in the present law, and I shall be
obliged to the Senate, as I have not asked
mueh time this session, to allow this bill to be
put on its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 135G) to amend an act
to revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to patents and copyrights. It pro-
vides that that part of section thirty-three of
an act entitle'd "An act to revise, consolidate,
and amend the statutes relatingto patents and
copyrights," approved July 8, 1870, which re-
quires that in case of application by assignee
or assignees for reissue of letters-patent the
application shall be made and the specification
sworn to by the inventor or discoverer, if liv-
ing, shall not be construed to apply to patents
issued and assigned prior to July 8, 1870.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
frederick p. dimpi'el.
Mr. SCOTT. I have a bill from the Com-
mittee on Patents to authorize an application
for an extension of a patent which will expire
in July next. It is favorably reported from
that committee, is only ten lines, and I hopo
it will be put on its passage.
Mr. CAMERON. I am sorry to object to
anything my colleague desires ; but the centen-
nial anniversary bill ought to be taken up.
Mr, SCOTT. If there is any objection at
all to this bill I will withdraw it at once.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
1305) for the relief of Frederick P. Dimpfel
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
authorize the Commissioner of Patents to hear
the application of Frederick P. Dimplel tor a
reextension of the patent heretofore granted
him on the Iflth of July, 1850, for an improve-
ment in steam-boilers, and to grant an exten-
sion of the patent for seven years from and
after the ltSih of July, 1871, if the Commis-
sioner, upon examination, shall consider that
he is entitled to such extension.
The bill was reported to the Senate witliout
