1680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN E. WILSON.
Mr. TIPTON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions to report back the bill (H.
R. No. 2324) granting a pension to John E.
Wilson, who has lost an eye in the service of
the country; and the House having passed the
bili, I ask that the Senate pass it now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. 11. No. 2324) granting a pen-
sion to John 15. Wilson. It is a direction to
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and lim-
itations of the pension laws, the name of John
E. Wilson, late a second lieutenaut in the elev-
enth regiment Maryland volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
JOSEPH ANDERSON.
Mr. HOWE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred House
bill No. 2709, for the relief of Joseph Ander-
son, to report it back without amendment, aud
to recommend its passage.
Mr. FOWLER. I move that that bill be
acted on at once.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
2709) for the relief of Joseph Anderson, a cit-
izen'of Davidson county, State of Tennessee,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to Joseph Ander-
son, a citizen of Davidson county, State of
Tennessee, of $15,000, in full for lumber taken
by General St. Clair Morton and used in the
erection of Fort Negley, near the city of Nash-
ville, Tennessee.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
VOLONTEKIt SOLDIEUS' ASYLUM.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to call up the
Southern Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are in orde.*.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 447) to
extend the benefit of the act establishing
the National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer
Soldiers to the disabled soldiers and sailors
of the war of 1812, and the Mexican war, to
report it back without amendment. It has
only eight lines in it.
Mr. CAMERON. It has eight lines too
many. I object.
Mr. WILSON, (subsequently.) The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania withdraws his objec-
tion to my request.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It authorizes the
board of managers of the National Asylum
for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers to extend the
benefits and provisions of the act approved
March 21, 1866, establishing that asylum, to
the disabled volunteer soldiers and sailors of
the war of 1812, and of the Mexican war.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
DUPLICATE GOVERNMENT BONDS.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance reported a few days ago the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 488) to enable owners to
obtain duplicates of lost evidence of indebt-
ment against the United States with an
amendment. There will be no objection, I
think, to the resolution in the amended form
proposed by the Finance Committee; it is a
matter of general legislation, affecting thou-
sands of people, and I hope it will be allowed
to pass.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall object to that
now, certainly. I should object under other
circumstances, because I think it very doubt-
ful whether any of those bills ought to pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. This, as amended, only
applies to registered bonds.
Mr. CAMERON. I must object. It needs
examination.
COURTS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. McDONALD. I appeal to the Senate
to allow me to have a vote on the reconsidera-
tion of the hill (H. R. No. 1582) authorizing
terms of the United States district court to be
held at Helena, Arkansas. It was acted upon
in my absence, and I feel very much embar-
rassed about it. It is a matter of very great
importance to my constituents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a bill for a
new judicial district in Arkansas and another
judge.
Mr. McDONALD. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I only want the Senate
to understand it.
Mr. McDONALD. And it provides for a
court at Helena. The fees in our district are
more than the whole amount required to pay
the salary of the judge.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Senator from
Arkansas asks unanimous consent to proceed
to the consideration of the motion to recon-
sider the vote on the bill named by him. Is
there objection? The Chair hears none, and
the motion to reconsider is before the Senate.
The question is, " Will the Senate reconsider
the vote on the passage of this bill?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. We had better have the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 20 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Chandler. Cole, Flanagan,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Harris, Howard,
Kellogg, McDonald, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Seott, Stewart,
Thayer, Tipton, Warner, and Williams—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Buckingham,
Casserly, Cragin, Davis, Edmunds, denton, bow-
ler, Hamilton of Maryland, Ilamlin, Johnston,
McCreery, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, Sherman,
Sprague, Trumbull, Vickers, and Wilson—20.
ABSENT — Messrs, Abbott, Anthony, Blair,
Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Conkling,
Oorbett, Ferry, Hill, Howe, Howell, Lewis, Mil-
ler, Moirill oI'Mame, Patterson, Pool, Revels, Ross,
Saulsbury, Schnrz, Spencer, Stearns, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, Willey, and Yates—29.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote by
which the bill was rejected having been recon-
sidered, thequestion now recurs onthepassage
of the bill.
Mr. McDONALD. I hope the Senate will
act upon it at this time.
Mr. DAVIS. Is it in order to act on the
bill now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is before the
Senate. They have reconsidered the vote by
which the bill was rejected, and the question
again recurs on its passage.
Mr. DAVIS. Does that place it in a posi-
tion to be acted on at the present time ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does. It can
be laid upon the table or laid aside by vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should be very sorry
indeed if the Senate were to pass this bill; not
that I should not be glad to accommodate my
excellent friends from Arkansas, who wish it
very much, I have no doubt, but the public
service, as far as we can find out from anything
that has been done in the courts in Arkansas,
does not require this additional establishment.
What was said by my honorable friend from
Illinois the other day was what anybody who
studies the subject will see that no one can
deny, that if we are to go on spreading the
district courts over the country into smaller
and smaller departments of territory, and with
smaller and smaller opportunities for dignity
and for business, the whole theory of carrying
on the judicial departments of the State and
national governments will be broken down and
overthrown. It is desirable, wherever justice
can be obtained in the local courts, that it
should be obtained there; and the opportuni-
ties for counsel and others who get more fees
for bringing cases into the United States courts
ought not to be increased except where indis-
pensable public emergencies make it neces-
sary.
Now, there is a general movement all over
the country from people who like to have more
judges, more officers, and more advantages,
as they look upon it, to have new districts,
first without any additional judge, and then
having got the new district, a year or two after-
ward to have a new judge. You thus multiply
a set of officers whom by the Constitution we
cannot fairly get rid of, because these judicial
officers hold their offices during good behav-
ior. You cannot abolish the office directly;
and it is only by an indirect and a somewhat
questionable proceeding that you can ever dis-
pose of a bad district judge or a useless dis-
trict judge or get rid of a district which is
once established. We ought, therefore, to
exercise the greatest caution in entering upon
this course of legislation ; but I do not make
this remark as applicable to Arkansas any
more than to half a dozen other cases or more
that are now within my knowledge which are
being pressed upon local considerations. It
is a useless expenditure of money when you
take everything into consideration, and in my
opinion it is highly detrimental to the public
service.
Mr. McDONALD. I will merely state that
our judge now has entire jurisdiction overthe
Indian country and the State of Arkansas.
There are already two courts held in the State
of Arkansas. This bill establishes another court
at Helena. The witness fees at this time and
the jury fees at Helena and Little Rock are
more than enough to cover the additional ex-
pense of this judge. The events of the war
and its consequences have thrown a large
amouut of business of the Mississippi river
and elsewhere into the United States courts,
so as to make it almost an impossibility for
oue judge to do the business. There is no
additional expense involved in the bill except
the salary of the judge.
Mr. WILSON. How many United States
courts are held in your State?
Mr. McDONALD. We have two places for
holding court now and one judge ; and we ask
for another judge and provide for holding
three eourts. It is no additional expense I
contend, and it is a thing we need very much,
and a matter in which I feel very great inter-
est. I hope it will be passed now.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr, President, I do not
propose to discuss this special case or its
special features which it is claimed take it out
of the general category of district courts. It
has been well said by the honorable Senator
from Vermont that this is the creation of a life
office, and not only a life office to the mere in-
cumbent, whoever he may be, but it is an office
which we cannot ever abolish, and which must
be continually kept up during the existence of
our Government.
It was but the other day that I, with others
here, and I am glad to say a majority, were
in favor of increasing the pay of our district
judges. I voted for that most cheerfully and
conscientiously, believing that their labors were
not fully paid, and that they were hot compen-
sated in a manner corresponding to the high
station which they were called upon to occupy.
But at the time we increased their pay it was
little thought that their labors were to be les-
sened by the creation of these new districts.
They were paid more because their work was
considered in excess of their compensation ;
but all the reason for that is immediately cut
away from us if we go on increasing the officers
at the same time.
I do not consider that the Treasury of this
country is in a condition, or that the pockets
of our people in private life are in a condition
to have this further office established as a
drain upon the country's resources. I cannot
