im-
the oongebssig^al globe.
1681
believe that there is any necessity for this. I
gm well aware of the continual drift of legis-
lation towaid giving new jurisdiction to the
Federal courts. 1 deplore that. I deplore it
for every reason, because it tends to deprive
the people of that which is the very soul of
their institutions, which is their local self-
government, that local self-government which
trains them to know how to rule and to know
how to be ruled.
HopiDg that there will be no extension of
jurisdiction to the Federal courts, and believ-
ing that the salaries of our judges have been
advanced to a reasonable standard for their
services so far as the action of the Senate
goes, I trust there will not be a reduplication
of judicial officers at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, naya '2,'i ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Chandler. Flan-
agan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, ltarlan, Harris,
Howard, Kellogg, McDonald, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Potneroy, Ramsey, Kice, Sawyer, Seott, Stewart,
Thayer. Tipton, Warner, and Williams—24.
NAYS—.Messrs.Bayard, Blair, Boreman, Bucking-
ham, Casserly, Cragm. Davis, Edmunds, l'enton.
Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Johnston,
MeCreery, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, Robertson,
Sherman. Sprague, Trumbull, Vickers, Willey, and
Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Cattell, Cole, Conkling. Corbett, Ferry,
Hill, Howe, Howell, Lewis, Miller. Morrill of Maine,
Patterson, Pool, Revels, Ross, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Spencer, Steams, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, and
Yates—27.
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. RICE, the title of the bill
was amended by adding the words " and for
other purposes."
compensation of georgia. senators.
Mr. CAMERON. I now move to take up
the bill which was under discussion the other
day, fixing the place for celebrating the cen-
tennial anniversary of independence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask leave to offer a
resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is not yet concluded. The introduc-
tion of bills and joint resolutions ^is first in
order.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well. The Senator
very ungraciously occupied the morning hour
yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I made reports which
were regular and proper to be made. I do
not know why the Senator from Pennsylvania
should suppose that he is entitled to the floor
any more than anybody else.
Mr. CAMERON. I am just as much enti-
tled.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And no more. When
he is in order he can get the floor and make
his motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
hills or joint resolutions, the presentation of
resolutions is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to pay to the Senators from the State of
Georgia the compensation allowed by law from the
29th day of July, 1868; and to XI. P. Farrow and
Richard H. Whiteley, contestants from the State of
Georgia, compensation from the 16th day of Febru-
ary, 1870, the date of their election by the reorgan-
ized Legislature of Georgia, to the 30th day of Jan-
uary, 1871, when rhe Senate decided they were not
entitled to seats.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that resolution
involves a question which ought to be consid-
ered a little. It had better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT._ Resolutions
granting money out of the contingent fund are
treated the same as bills. Objection being
made, this resolution will lie over.
irrigating canal in california.
Mr. CAMERON. I now renew my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 106.
further morning business, the Senator from
Pennsylvania moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill in relation to
fixing the place for the celebration of the cen-
tennial anniversary of American independence.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator from
California would do me the favor to let me
bring up this bill now. I have been trying for
several days to get it acted upon, and there is
only a quarter of an hour left of the morning
hour. If the Senator's bill is one which will
not spoil by keeping until to-morrow, he will
do me a great favor not to press it now.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to the Senator
from Pennsylvania that the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Conkling,] who takes a great in-
terest in the bill he proposes to call up, is not
now in his seat.
Mr. CAMERON. There is a Senator from
New York here.
Mr. FENTON. I was about to appeal to the
Senator from Pennsylvania to let this matter
pass over until my colleague shall come into
the Chamber, as he has had charge of the
counter proposition to this bill. As 1 have
been absent for some days, I do not know ex-
actly what condition the matter has assumed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from California has risen to present morning
business, that has priority. If he has risen
to ask unanimous consent, the Senator from
Pennsylvania has priority, and has moved to
proceed to the consideration of a bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand that the
Senator from Pennsylvania has the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He has the floor,
and has submitted amotion.
Mr. CASSERLY. With his indulgence, I
desire to say a few words in reference to a bill
which I should like very much to get up, and
at least to have read.
Mr. CAMERON. There is but a quarter
of an hour left of the morning hour ; after
•which my bill will have to go over, of course.
I hope, therefore, the Senator will allow me to
proceed with it.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator will in-
dulge me in five words, and after that declines,
I shall have done my duty, and I shall not be
responsible any further.
Mr. CAMERON. I cannot give way.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania declines to yield. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, to proceed to the consideration
of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am sorry that the Sena-
tor feels obliged to take that course. I will
merely say that I refer to Senate bill No. 1017.
It is a bill on which depends the water supply
of one of the most interesting interior towns of
our State, which may fail at any time and the
population of that portion of the State be left
without water. It is a matter of most urgent
necessity.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will yield.
Mr. CAMERON. I give way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania yields to the Senator from Cali-
fornia, who asks unanimous consent to proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 1017.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say that, after
that bill is considered, I shall ask unanimous
consent to report the fortification bill and put
it on its passage, saying that it only appropri-
ates all the way through, one half what has
been called for.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill that the
Senator from California desires to have consid-
ered will be reported, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill
(S. No. 1017) granting the right of way and
lands in aid of the construction of a canal for
irrigation, and other purposes, in the county of
El Dorado, and other counties, in the State of
California; but was interrupted by,
Mr. CAMERON. The bill which is being
read is one which will certainly require some
investigation, and I must, therefore, object to
it. It is a bill giving away public lands.
Mr. CASSERLY. If it gives rise to debate,
I will allow it to pass over.
Mr. CAMERON. There are now only ten
minutes left of the morning hour.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is certain to give rise
to debate. When the last land grant bill was
under consideration—and I thought I had the
Senator from California on my side; but it
seems I have not—I was cut off in the midst
of some remarks that I intended to submit on
the subject. I am perfectly ready to go upon
the subject of land grants now.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will yield at least to have the bill
read. It is very essential that the bill should
pass.
Mr. FENTON. I hope the Senator will
allow it to be read. It will only take two or
three minutes longer.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from New
York says it will only take two or three min-
utes to get through with the reading of the
bill; so the other day his colleague said it
would only take two or three minutes to dis-
pose of something else. If I have a right to
object, I insist upon the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
a right to object, as he yielded to allow the
Senator from California to ask consent to have
this bill considered. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania was entitled to the floor at the con-
clusion of the morning business, but yielded
to the Senator from California at his request,
and of course can resume the floor if he
insists upon it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir, I understand
that; but I hope the Senator will at least allow
the bill to be read.
Mr. CAMERON. I cannot to-day.
centennial anniversary of independence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recfurs on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Pennsylvania will be allowed to have his bill
taken up.
Mr. FENTON. I hope this matter may be
delayed a few minutes. My colleague is ex-
pected in the Chamber every moment, and it
seems to me it would be hardly fair to take up
this measure in his absence.
Mr. CAMERON. Let me say in reply to
the Senator from New York that his colleague
has been here two or three days and has occu-
pied the time for the purpose of preventing
the passage of the bill. _ How could I or any-
body else ever pass a bill here if, in the first
place, a gentleman wastes all the time while
he is here and upon another occasion refuses
to come here, and on each occasion the bill
is to wait for him? I think it is unreasonable.
There is one Senator here from New York,
who is perfectly able, as we have seen, to take
care of himself, and of his State too. I trust
that my bill will be taken up.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania to allow me to introduce a reso-
lution of inquiry simply.
Mr. CAMERON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1478) to
provide for celebrating the one hundredth
anniversary of American independence by
holding an international exhibition of arts,
manufactures, and products of the soil .and
mine, in the city of Philadelphia and State
of Pennsylvania, in the year 1876.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from New York [Mr. Conklixo] to add the
words " and New York."
