1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1069
defense such as I had laid down in my bill.
The President was kind enough to accord
me an audience on the subject, entered fully
into the details of the bill, and expressed his
approval. In the mean time, the committee
of the gentleman of New York—not that on
Indian Affairs—entered into correspondence
with the Secretary of War. His answer is
the letter alluded to by the gentleman from
New York. The contents are that the President
approves of the bill; there is no undue inter-
ference; nothing more than a polite answer
to a polite question.
'Ihe opposition to the bill seems to arise
from the supposition that it is in antagonism
with the '-peace policy" or the "Quaker pol-
icy," a< ihe gentleman from New York called
it. This is not the case. The bill is in no
manner or shape in contradiction to^that pol-
icy. On the contrary, these minute-men are
to be called into the held just for the purpose
of avoiding the necessity of keeping rangers
in the lield who are supposed to be aggressive
in their warfare. Gentlemen may, perhaps,
recollect a speech I made during the last ses-
sion of Congress, when 1 warned them what
ranger service meant; that ''rangers" meant
aggressive war. It was- so understood by the
executive department, aud to obviate that
possibility our rangers were placed under the
command of the general commanding in Texas.
Thus that danger was avoided ; and this bill
means to further avoid that danger and pro-
poses to substitute miuute men for rangers.
The bill proposes that the citizen's defense
shall consist «>f men who are reeruited in the
country which they will be called upon to
delend. It is, under this bill, not permitted
or to take the minute-men out of their county
the adjacent counties except under the express
order of the general commanding. Thus is
avoided the supposed danger of raids into the
Indian territory, resuitiug in aggressive war.
Does this explain the anomalous connection
between rangers and Quakers and their har-
mony?
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Si.o-
CBit] speaks sneeringly of the indemnity bills
which for the last forty years have been before
Congress, and says that probably children yet
unborn will never see the day when this ques-
tion shall disappear from the floor of Congress
and such claims cease to be made. I agree
with the gentleman that such claims will be
madi?, and with justice too, if the Government
does not afford us the necessary protection.
Self-defense is the first law of nature, aud if
the Government does not defend us we are
bound to defend ourselves, if the States are
forced by the negligence of the Government
to call miliiia into the held, the Government
will have to pay the bil1, whether it does it
now, m ten years, or titty years hence. Con-
gress is in honor bouud to refund to the States
money expended for purposes of defense which
the national Government failed to afford. This
is all 1 have to say ia reply to the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to occupy tiie floor for a few moments V
Mr. DEGENKR. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, lam very sorry
to be obliged to oppose anything presented to
this House by my tneud from lexas; but,
being chairman ot the Committee on Military
Affairs, I cannot sit here quietly and allow a
bill of this kind, coming irom anotln-r com-
mittee, although it proposes to raise troops,
and, failing to receive the consent of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to pass without pre-
senting such objections as suggest themselves
to my mind.
Ibis bill proposes to raise and organize
troops. It proposes that the private soldiers
shall be paid $1 25 per day. Sir, it is but a
short time Bince we consolidated and reduced
the military ibrcesof thiseountry, when privates
were receiving only thirteen dollars per mouth,
though actually performing tin* duties of *ol-
l! diers, being enlisted for that purpose. Now,
| if the frontier of Texas is overrun by Indians
! and the people there are so desirous of pro-
tecting themselves that they are willing to be
organized in companies under the control of
an offieer of the Army; if this is necessary for
ihe protection of their property and their lives,
it does seem to me that men who are serving
for their own protection ought not to want
$1 25 per day wh«n we ordinarily pay our
soldiers only thirteen dollars per month.
The provisions of this bill with reference to
the manner of organizing and paying the offi-
cers strike me as if it were a bill for the pur-
pose of affording payment to a parcel of gen-
tlemen on ihe border of Texas who have not
sufficient employment. It has more of this
appearance than of a bill for the purpose of
raising troops to protect the frontier. For the
purpose of raising this corps or regiment, or
whatever else it may be called—I do not know
what term the Committee on Indian Affairs
will apply to this new army which they pro-
pose to raise; I do not know how they will
classify it, or by what name they will desig-
nate it—it is provided in the bill that $100,OuO
shall now be appropriated for the payment of
these troops, or horsemen, or cavalry, or what-
ever else they may be. it is further provided
that telegraphs shall be built at an expense of
$70,000. 1 do not know whether these mil-
itary forces are to build the telegraphs or
not. Then, after making this appropriation
of $TO,000 for telegraph lines, by which these
troops may communicate with each other,
§50,000 is appropnated for the purpose of
removing the Kickapoo Indians from inside
the Mexican lines to Texas, so that this force
may have somebody to fight.
Mr. DEGENER. The committee propose
to withdraw that section.
Mr. LOGAN. I speak of the bill asit is now
before us. it proposes to expend §50,000 tQ
get Indians into Texas, so that this frontier
force may have employment in fighting some-
body, and may thus require an appropriation
of $100,000.
This bill was before the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, who were unanimously opposed
to it. Why? The gentleman from Arizona
[Mr. McCormickJ came before us with evi-
dence to show that a great number of white
persons had been killed in his Territory by the
Indians within the last year or two; and he
applied for the adoption of a measure of this
kind except the telegraph and other things of
that sort. He asked us to authorize the rais-
ing of a regiment of horsemen for the protec-
tion of the people in Arizona. We refused
our assent to any such measure. A similar
application was made to us on behalf of New
Mexico. We refused that application. The
gentleman from Texas [Mr. Dbgexer]—and I
admire his energy aud persistency in trying to
procure the passage of such a measure as he
deems right—a«ked the same thing for Texas.
We refused that application also.
Now, sir, if the House should pass this bill
it impliedly takes the charge of these matters
from the Committee on Military Affairs and
turns them over to the Committee on Indian
Affairs. You impliedly convict us of failing
to do our duty. If you to-day pass a bill of
this kind for Texas, authorizing the raising
of troops to protect the borders of that State,
Arizona will to-morrow ask the passage of a
similar bill; and Aiizonais certainly in a worse
condition, with regard to the Indians, than
Texas is. So it will be with New Mexico;
so it will be with every Territory within the
confines of the United States. They will ask
you io do the s.une for them that you do for
the State of Texas. It will cost ttie Govern-
ment millions upon millions of dollars.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if you intend to adopt
this policy, what do jou want with an Army at
I all? Abolish the Army, wipe it out ot_exist
I once, and then organize my friend's Texan
i rangers, as he desires them to be organized by
this bill. But while you have an Army paid by
the United States for the protection of the lives
and property of citizens, it is yonr duty to re-
quire that that shall be done by that army and
not by such a bill to provide that new armies
shall be raised, ofdilferent character, atdiffer-
ent pay, of different material, and for the pur-
pose of performing the same duties which are
required to be performed by the Army of the
United States. Who ever heard of anything
like this pay for soldiers serving in defense
of themselves and their property? Nobody
ever heard of it before this bill. No such bill
was ever before presented to Congress, if
the Army of the United States is not suffi-
ciently strong to protect the frontier of our
country, make it strong enough to do it. I
think it is strong enough to do it. I think we
have more than are absolutely uecessary in the
service of thecountry to day, if they were prop-
erly disposed of round the borders. There is
no necessity for more troops than we have. If
we listened to the cry coming up from the
frontiers of the country, we can have a Piegan
raid every time we are asked to listen to it. I
do not wish to encourage war. I do not wish
to encourage war between the whites and the
Indians. I am in favor of a peaceful policy,
a policy which tends to civilization, a policy
which tends to quiet the red men of the plains,
a policy which tends to give repose to the
country, a policy which puts a stop to blood-
shed and war; I am in favor of that kind of
policy, and every bill of this kind you pass in
the Congress of the United States carries with
it war. bloodshed, and desolation ; and every
member of this House who votes for them lakes
the responsibility of encouraging war.
I have adifferentidea. I know, Mr. Speaker,
that my friend from Texas [Mr. Degexer] ig
an honest man and a faithful Representative.
I know he desires to represent his constitu-
ents faithfully, and to do everything he can for
their protection. But let me whisper this into
bis ear: that this bill, if you pass itinto a law,
means nothing more nor-less than war on Mex-
ico. It means the organization of men banded
together under law which will protect them
from being punished for crimes which they
may perpetrate under military orders. It does
carry within itself war with Mexico. You
know by your organization of men of the front-
iers, made up of rangers and men like those
you have there—men of each of the armies
of the late war, men upon the border, panting
for something to do, desirous of seeing more
blood, anxious to have a war with Mexico,
so that they may have the opportunity of
driving the "greasers" from the plains of
Texas and from the valleys of Mexico—you
know incursions would take place, if these
men are raised, embroiling us with that Gov-
ernment; and the Congress which passes the
bill would be responsible for all these conse-
quences.
Mr. Speaker, for these reasons I am opposed
to this bill, as well as for other reasons which
I need not now stop fully to refer to. It is
not the province of the Committee on Indian
Affairs to report bills to thi< House for the
organization of armies after they have been
voted down unanimously in the Committee on
Military Affairs. If that be proper, then joa
had belter abolish the Committee on Military
Affairs and turn over to the Commit tee oil
Indian Affairs the duty of providing rules and
regulations for the government of the armies
of the United States. This bill has been re-
ported by the Committee on Indian Alt'.urs,
although it had failed to receive the sanction
of the Committee on Military ASUirs. I suv
this much, not from any opposition to my friend
from Texas, [Mr. DEGEXEit,] but as chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs 1 feel
that I am bouud to say it. I look upon such a
report from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
iu refereuee to military affairs, as an insinua-
tion that the Committee on Military Affairs
has failed to perform their duty to the couifi-
