1682
THE COJSTGEESSIONAL* GLOBE.
February 25,
Mr. FENTON. I have been absent during
the discussion of tbis bill, and I do not know
■what is the situation of the question now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
stated the situation. The pending question
is on an amendment offered by the Senator's
colleague, to add " New York."
Mr. HOWARD. How will it read then ?
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed,
the first section will read :
That an exhibition of American and foreign arts,
product?, anil manufactures shall be held, undertho
auspices of the Government of the United States, in
the city of Philadelphia, and the city of New York,
in the year 1876.
Mr. FENTON. I ask for a division on that
amendment, in order to teat the sense of the
Senate.
The amendment was rejected—ayes nine,
aoes not counted.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to the Senator
from Pennsylvania that 1 know the Senator
from New York [Mr. Conkling] has other
amendments to propose in regard to this bill,
and that he feels a great interest in it. It does
not seem to me to be right to pass it without
giving him a chance to be heard. We had a
very_ late session last night, and he may be
detained at his room by sickness or something
of that kind.
Mr. CAMERON. He ought to be here.
Mr. STEWART. I will not interpose any
delay to action on the bill at any time after
be comes here; but I think it would be better
to let him be heard.
Mi\ SHERMAN. I do not think the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania ought to be worried
any more about this bill. It simply authorizes
the people of Philadelphia, at their own ex-
pense, to have a show; and it is a very proper
place; and I think the heart of every Amer-
ican will respond that of all places in this
country Philadelphia is the place where this
exhibition ought to be held.
Mr, RAMSEY. And, in addition to that,
tins bill will rise up against us every day in Jhe
morning hour until we dispose of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, it stands in the way
of public business. I hope, therefore, we shall
pass the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was concurred in. It was ordered
that the amendment be engrossed and the bill
read a third time. The bill was read the third
time, and passed.
southern pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. I move now to take up
the Southern Pacific railroad bill for the pur-
pose of asking for a conference. I believe
there will be no objection to that now.*
The Senate proceeded to consider the
amendments of the House of Representatives
to the bill (S. No. 647) to incorporate the
lexas lacific Railroad Company and to aid
m the construction of its road, and for other
purposes.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, it was
Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the amend-
ments ot tho House ot Representatives to the said
bill, ana ask a conference on tho disagreeing votes
or tho two Houses thereon.
Ordeicd, That the conferees on tho part of the
senate bo appointed by the Vice President.
I he VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Howard, Mr. Kellogg, and Mr. Flanagan.
message from this house.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. HcPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 878)
to amend an act entitled "An act to establish
and declare the railroad and bridges of the
New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga Rail-
road Company, as hereafter constructed, a post
road, and for other purposes," approved March
2, 1868, with an amendment, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 716) to provide for the better
security of life on board of vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam, and for other
purposes: and . .
A bill (H. R. No. 2998) to establish certain
post roads.
amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. FOWLER submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(H. 11. No. 2860) making appropriations for
the construction, preservation, and repairs
of certain fortifications and other works of
defense; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT submitted for Mr. Schurz,
who is detained from the Senate by indisposi-
tion, an amendment intended to be proposed
to the bill (H. R. No. 2789) making appropri-
ations for ihe naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1872, and for other purposes; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McDONALD submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
3063) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1872, and for other purposes ;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
2789) making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending June 30, 1872, and
for other purposes ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
wabash river bridge.
Mr. PRATT. On Monday last the Senate
had under consideration the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 469) granting the Chicago and Illi-
nois Railroad Company the right to build a
bridge across the Wabash river, and declaring
the same a post road. It was laid over at the
request of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds,] who expressed a desire to offer an
amendment. He has shown me that amend-
ment which is acceptable, and I now ask that
the joint resolution be taken up, the amend-
ment made, and the resolution put on its pas-
sage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee "of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the joint resolution.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
offered by the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,
which was to strike out the second section of
the joint resolution as reported by the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads and
in lieu thereof to insert:
And le it further resolved. That the structure herein
authorized shall be built under and subject to such
regulations tor the security of navigation of said
liver as the Secretary of War shall prescribe; and
the said structure shall be at all times kept and
managed, as to offer reasonable and proper means
lor the passage of vessels through, or under said
structure; and tho said struoture shall be changed,
at tho cost and expense of the owners thereof, from,
time to time as Congress may direct, so as to preserve
the tree and convenient navigation of said river. And
the authority to erect and continue said bridge shall
be subject to revocation bylaw whenever the public
good shall, in the judgment of Congress, so require.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The amendment was ordered to
be engrossed, and tbe joint resolution to be
read a third time. The resolution was read
the third time, and passed.
e. a. franks.
_ Mr. POMEROY. Many years ago a mis-
sionary went from the neighborhood where I
lived to Mackinaw and built a mission build-
ing. A bill has passed the House of Repre-
sentatives allowing title to be obtained to that
land. It contains about sixteen acres, and £
would be glad if the Senate would allow this-
bill to be put on its passage.
Mr. HOWARD. That is all right.
Mr. POMEROY. From that mission build-
ing there has grown up a Senator who is soon
to be sworn in. I want these people to have
title to that ground. I move to take an Houw
bill No, 2901. p &
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H,
R. No. 2901) ceding certain land in the village
of Mackinaw, Michigan, to E. A. Franks was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides for the conveyance to Ii. A. Franks
of the village of Mackinaw, in the State of
Michigan, of all the right, title, and interest of
the United States in and to a certain tract or
lot of land in that village upon which stands
the mission house, so called, and surrounding
the same and joining private property on the
west and south, containing sixteen acres, more
or less, upon payment into the Treasury of the
value thereof, as shall be ascertained by an
appraisement under a commission for that
purpose, to be appointed by the Secretary
of War.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
new oisleans and mobile railroad bridges.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment ot the House of Representatives to the
a 1 ^°" t0 amend an act entitled
An act to establish and declare the railroad
and bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile, and
Chattanooga Railroad Company, as hereafter
constructed, a post road "and for other pur-
poses," approved March 2, 1868.
On motion of Mr. SPENCER it was
Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the amend-
ment ot the House of Kepresentatives to the said
k'*[i and ask for a conference on the disagreeing votes
ol the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferes on tho part of the
ben ate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Spencer, Mr. McDonald, and Mr. Fowler,
post office appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired.
Mr. COLE. I call for the regular order.
Mr. HOWARD. I appeal to the Senator
from California to let me pass a little bill
which I do not think will take any time.
Mr. COLE. I cannot discriminate between
Senators who have been applying to me to
give way.
Mr. HOWARD. This is a bill which has
been once read by the Senate and was laid
aside.
Mr. BLAIR. I appeal to the Senator from
California to permit me to call up a bill of my
colleague who is absent on account of sickness
in his family. It was discussed at some little
length yesterday, and I think there will be no
further objection to the bill.
Mr. COLE. Senators will see that I cannot
with any degree of justice, if I have the control
ot the time, yield to any one now. There are
1° many applications that if I yielded at all
I should lose the time necessary for the con-
sideration of the pending aDpropriation bill.
c i PRESIDENT. The applications
or the two Senators can only be reached by
postponing the unfinished business, either in-
formally or by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I demand the regular order.
. ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
is insisted upon ; and the Senate, as in Com-
mittee ot the Whole, resumes the considera-
tion of the bill (H. R. No. 2579) ranking
appropriationsfor the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30,1872.
Ihe bill will be read, and the amendments
of the Committee on Appropriations will be
acted on as they are reached in the text of
the bill.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bilL
