loro
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
try, and it is necessary to give its performance
to some other committee.
Mr. DEGENER. Since I have had the
hotior of being a member of this House I have
never felt so deeply pained as I do at this mo-
ment, after having listened to the speech of
my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.] I never
could expect that he would attack this bill, and
if he did that he would attack it on such poor
grounds. The gentleman has complained of
a want of formality. He feels aggrieved that
the bill was reported by the Committee on
Indian Affairs and not by the Committee on
Military Aff.iirs; and, as the chairman of the
latter committee, he protests against the action
which has been taken. Well, Mr. Speaker,
if the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs had been here throughout the session
he most assuredly would have been consulted ;
but he was absent almost the entire time, and
I could not therefore extend that courtesy to-
waid him which, under all circumstances, I
havealvvays been desirous of extending to every
member of the House. I regret the more that
the geutleman was absent such a lengthy
period, because this has evidently prevented
him from studying the bill; and thus his argu-
ment is based entirely upon something that
does not exist. He speaks of our calling citi-
zens into military service ; what for? For the
purpose of carrying 011 aggressive war? Mr.
Speaker, this bill has for its object to prevent
ah aggressive war, as 1 have already explained
at some length, in reply to the gentleman from
New York, [Air. Slocum.]
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
says that $1 25 a day is exorbitant pay when
only thirteen dollars a month is the pay for a
soldier. That might do very well in a stump
speech, but it will not do here in Congress. If
the gentleman w.ill read the bill he will see what
those men have to do for $1 25. They have
to furnish their own horses, their equipments,
their ammunition, their camp utensils. They
iiave to do all this lor $1 25 per diem. Will
the gentleman, who knows military affairs so
much better than we of the frontier in the
Committee on Indian Affairs, will he tell me
what each soldier costs? I believe the aver-
age is abuut one thousand dollars per annum.
We ask for a thousand men, who will not cost
more than one hundred thousand dollars, just
one tenth part of what a thousand men in the
regular Army cost. And how is this? It is
because we avoid Army transportation; we
have no quartermaster's department, we have
none of those contractors, &c. ,who, of course,
must realize a little profit. We intend to pay
$1 2-3, all in all.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question?
How do you propose, then, to subsist your
troops 
Mr DEGENER. Here is another gentleman
of militaiy experience who wants to have the
minute-men paid higher than at the rate which
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] de-
clares to be exorbitant.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Allow me
to finish the question. How do you propose
to subsist your troops without commissary
stores unless you expect them to maraud upon
the people?
Mr. DEGENER. I will answer the.gentle-
man's question. I have lived twenty years on
the frontiers, and I have never been a marauder.
1 have lived very well while in camp. Yet
usually all the provisions we took with us, my
companions aud myself, were a little bag of
pepper and another of salt. But we had pow-
der and lead; and they were sufficient to
secure a supply of meat.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Were salt
and pepper all the subsistence that the gentle-
man bail?
Mr. DEGENER. No, sir. But there hap-
pens to be some game out in Texas oh which
frontiersmen manage to make a living. They
Contrive to make shift with much less than
regular soldiers would do. When you are re-
quired to bring your provisions by mule teams
to your camps, it will cost more to support a
single man than it would to support half a
company of Texas rangers.
- Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I desire
to ask the gentleman one sincere question:
whether he believes .that these troops, whom
he proposes to organize, would not be a greater
injury to the people of that country than the
Indians who are making depredations upon
them ?
Mr. DEGENER. I believe no such thing,
because these men are called into service on
the very ground where they live. If their
provisions run short they can shoot what num-
ber of head of cattle they want, belonging to
themselves, because their property is running
loose in the shape of beeves, and they know
their cattle brands. There is, therefore, no
difficulty as to provisioning themselves. They
need not buy Kentucky horses and risk found-
ering them within the next four weeks. They
provide their own mountain ponies, and these
ponies, which want no shoeing, will travel
further, with only grass for food, than the
regulars can ride if the supply of corn runs
short. .We only ask $100,000; only one tenth
of what these military gentlemen would ask for
the same number of regulars. The gentleman
from Illinois sneeringly said this seemed to be
an arrangement to provide a living for the gen-
tlemen 011 the frontier. I wish the gentleman
would for a short time only have the privilege
of living on the frontier, and see how indus-
triously these people work, and how much
better they can employ their time than ingoing
out against the Indians; and then receive $1 25
a day for the time they are actually in the
field. The gentleman says that this is a prop-
osition to pay these people for services which
they render to themselves, and.that they enter
tj?e service only for the protection of them-
selves and their families. No, sir, they are
protecting you as well. By the protection of
the frontier you are protected as well as we
are. If we fall back, you have the Indians at
your door. If we can have peace upon the
frontier, and if the Indians will only let us
alone, we will return to youasufficientamount
in taxes to feed these hungry manufacturers
who upon this floor are continually clamoring
for protecti'on at our expense.
The gentleman says that this bill would im-
plicate us in a war with Mexico. D.oes the
gentleman believe such a war is less imminent
if the Mexicans do not prevent their marauders
from coming across the frontier and continually
stealing our property ? It is Mexican citizens
who come over to our side of the Rio Grande,
and Indians, living under Mexican protection,
who maraud on American soil, to the shame of
so strong a Government as ours, that has the
power but not the will to protect us.
The gentleman complains of the $70,000
for a telegraph. This telegraph is for the
purpose of saving expense, and if the gentle-
man had honored me by listening to me when
I first explained the bill he might perhaps
have noticed that I called attention to the
enormous distances messengers have to travel
to carry orders from one camp to another.
The horses broken down annually, foundered,
rendered useless, and killed are worth more
than half the cost of this telegraph. Thus it
will be an actual saving to the Government in
the course of two or three years. The gentle-
man asks who is to build this telegraph. K he
will only be kind enough to look at the bill he
will find that it is to be built under the direction
of the Secretary of War. To him it is left to use
his discretion in executing the power vested in
him by Congress ; it is his business to see to it
that the appropriation be well applied.
I now yield the floor to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Adams.]
Mr. A DA.MS. 1 offer the following as an
additional section to the bill:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the troops
of the organization heroin provided for shall not be
• employed for any other purpose than for tho protec-
tion ot the people of Texas against Indian depreda-
tions. And  ny officer or solaier of said organiza-
tion who shall, under pretense of any authority
conferred by this act, interfere or attempt to inter-
fere directly or indirectly with any election, or with
the administration of the civil aff.iirs of said State
of Texas, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and, upon conviction thereof by a court of compe-
tent jurisdiction, sh.ill be punished by fine of not
less than $1,000 nor more than $5,000, or by impris-
onment for not less than one month nor more than
one year, or by both such fine and imprisonment in
the discretion of the court.
Mr. Speaker, I could not, as a member of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, concur in
the conclusion at which the committee arrived
in regard to the bill now before the House,
and could not, therefore, agree in the recom-
mendation of the committee to the House to
pass it. *
Iu the first place, as has been very well sug-
gested by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Sloccm] and the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan,] *the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, this is a bill which provides
for the organization of troops for a military
force, which ought properly, as I thought, to
have been considered and reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs. The bill in its
presant shape is so full of objectionable fea-
tures that I think it must be apparent to every
one that this bill needs the scrutiny and con-
sideration of the Committeeon MilitaryAffairs.
Aside from the various defects in the details
of the bill, one very grave objection, as I con-
ceive, to it is that it provides for the organ-
ization of an armed force iu each county, and
there is no provision of the bill which limits
the object for which these troops shall be em-
ployed alone to the resistance of Indian depre-
dations. In a country like the State of Texas,
where the people have become accustomed to
military rule, and where the military author-
ities have learned to feel that they have a right
to control absolutely all the civil and military
affairs ot the State, I think there is very great
danger that an organization such as this would,
unless we adopt some such amendment as the
one I have offered, prove to be a greater source
of annoyance to the people of Texas than the
Indian depredations which the bill is intended
to prevent.
This is one of the principal objections which
I have to this bill. I have offered this amend-
ment to obviate that particular ohjection, not
feeling satisfied, however, with the bill even
if my amendment should be adopted.
I have no desire to enter into any general
discussion of this bill; the time allowed me
would not permit it. Before sitting down,
however, I will remark that I think the condi-
tion ot affairs in the State of Texas demands
that something shall be done for the protec-
tion of the people there. This bill in its pres-
ent form does not meet my approval for that
purpose.
Mr.DEGENER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Ad_\ms] says that the bill is a veiy
objectionable one, 110c in one, but in many
respects. As a member of the Committeeon
Indian Affairs he has had three weeks' time
within which to devise the correction of the
objectionable features which it may contain.
1 suppose that the amendment he has offered
contains the sum and substance of what he
has found objectionable in the bill.
He seems to apprehend that this force, might
be used as a sort of political clup-tiap at elec-
tions. 1 must confers that 1 cannot see where
the danger is, but I will willingly admit that my
experience in reference to stuffing ballot-boxes
is a very limited one. Since! became a cui-
zen 01 the United btates I have always lived
ia the backwoods. I never was it citizen of
nor was i ever present at an election in a city
where large masses ot people live close to-
gether. I have, therefore, never seen how
an organization of this kind eau possibly be
worked as a political machine to do all sorts
of dirty party work. However, if the gentle-
