1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1683
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in lines nine and ten to
strikeout "$12,000,329" and insert $11,518,-
844;" so as to make the clause read, "for
inland mail transportation, $11,518,844."
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the amendment
will not be agreed to.
Mr. POMKROY. This is for mail trans-
portation, and is a much smaller sum than
I supposed the Department were going to
estimate, for I have had my attention called
to it, being on the Post Office Committee. I
presume the Committee on Appropriations
have some information that the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads have not had. I
want to see now what that information is
which required them to cut down this appro-
priation for mail service. It is a matter of
the deepest interest to the western and fastly
settling portions of the country that there be
surveys of new routes. I presume the com-
mittee have some information. I want to see
what it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The committee had a
little information on the subject. Therefore
they felt, justified and bound to propose this
reduction to the Senate. We have ascertained
that this inland mail transportation, which is
always appropriated for in a lamp, is esti-
mated for upon a certain scale of arithmetical
progression. If it appears that last year's ser-
vice, for instance, cost $10,000,000, then it is
estimated that this year's service must cost
forly per cent. more. I think that is the per-
centage, or it may be thirty; some particular
percent; I do not know precisely.
Mr. liAMSBY. Not ten per cent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. J beg my friend's pardon.
I will give him the exact percentage in a min-
ute if he is desirous of it; it is up to twenty
certainly. It is estimated that the next year's
service is always to cost twenty per cent, more
than the former service did ; and therefore you
go on increasing year after year upon a mere
process of arithmetic, and then we go on lay-
ing out post roads whenever anybody in the
country chooses to say he wants one, or has an
old horse and wagon that he wants to carry the
mail with. And then there is an appropriation
for inland transportation. Then "the good
of the public" requires immediately that we
should put on just service enough to use up all
the money; and then you calculate that the
next year's service ought to be just so much,
another percentage, more than that; and so on.
The inland transportation has been-increas-
ing year after year by this ratio calculated by
arithmetic, and expended. We have always
furnished post routes enough, and contracts
enough on those routes, to use up the money.
Now, if we are to begin a system of stead-
iness of economy, a system which is really to
conserve the public service in any degree by
limiting expenditures, it is indispensable that
you begin it on these sweeping provisions for
a general service, because there the Postmaster
General having his sweeping appropriation, if
he finds that we have diminished the money,
can arrange his new contracts, his new routes,
and the amount of service upon old routes, as
changing populations come into the account,
so as to conform his expenditures to'tlie pub-
lic appropriation. On the contrary, if you are
to proceed and provide all the money asked
for inland transportation upon the method
that I have described as the one that is
adopted in making these estimates, then you
never can curtail or restrict the public service
at all.
I agree, as well as everybody, that the dis-
semination of information is very useful and
of value to the people in a great many ways ;
but the wasteful expenditure of money is not
useful to the people, even for the dissemina-
tion of intelligence. Therefore, if the Post-
master General is enabled to tell the railway
companies over the country, for instance when
they come to make their contracts for another
year's transpoitation, that he has only so much
money and they must reduce their rates; if he
can tell the private contractors, the steamboat
men, who are large absorbers of this fund, that
they must come to reasonable terms, because
Congress has determined that the gross expense
of this inland transportation shall be reduced,
then it will be reduced. On the contrary, if
you give all the money that is estimated for,
you will find, as you have found year after
year, that the public expenditure is greatly
swelled.
It is an interesting fact to observe in the
report of the Postmaster General that the abso-
lute transportation of pound for pound, letter
for letter, either way, by weight or by quan-
tity, of the mails of this country over the rail-
roads is as great as it is over the common roads
in wagons; in other words, supposing that
expenditure to be proper, there is no economy
to the public service in the transportation of
letters or of other goods, in fact, (because the
principle would run through itall,)over a rail-
way. It costs just as much to carry a letter by
rail as it does by horse and wagon. There is
something "outofjointaboutthatl" And more
astonishing still, it costs more to.carry it by
water for inland transportation—not subsidized
lines—it costs almost once and a halfas much
to carry the mail by water, weight for weight,
or letter for letter, as it does by land. Now,
we wish to enable the Postmaster General with
a somewhat smaller sum in his hands, but still
more than he expended last year, according
to our amendment, to say to these steamboat
people and coach people and railway people,
" Here is the money that Congress has determ-
ined to spend for this service ; and if you are
to carry the mail at all, you can carry it at
some reasonable price." That is the object
of it. If it does not please the Seuate, they
can reject the amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then, it seems to be the
theory of the Committee on Appropriations to
ignore the progress and growth of the country.
Successively every year as the settlements are
extending, and as, of course, the necessity for
postal communication is extending, they would
dwarf us back to the year before ; they would
say that this year the service shall be no more
than last, and next year no more than this.
If the Senator from Vermont had paid any
attention to the steady growth of the postal
revenues he would have seen that they grow
as gradually and regularly as a tree grows. In
1866 the revenues were $14,386,980; in 1867,
$16,137,026; in 1868, $16,292,600; in 1869,
$18,244,510; in 1870, $19,772,220. These rev-
enues are increasing ; why? Because we are
perpetually extending the avenues by which
we get hold of these revenues. The income
comes to us from all over the country, from
every community, near and remote. The im-
provement of communication increases the
revenues continually. Why, sir, even in the
East I imagine that the people would not for
a moment entertain the idea of going back to
the condition of the postal service as it was
ten years or even five years ago. If, however,
the theory of the Senator from Vermont, the
representative of the Committee on Appropria-
tions in this instance, were right, you should
not only stop with what you voted last year, but
you ought to endeavor to go back to the basis
of ten years ago. Why, sir, every year new
demands are arising, and they must be sup-
plied. I tell the Senator that such a remon-
strance as he never heard yet would be received
from all the new communities West if you now
insist on this policy of cutting off the proper
transportation of the mails in the rapidly
extending West. Why should there be any
jealousy on the part of the Senator from Ver
mont, and others, of these new States? fiiey
do something lor the country. Why, then,
'refuse to extend to them the mail facilities
you enjoy in the East? That is his theory, and
nothing else can sustain it.
The coutrast between the railroad service
for the year ending June 30,1870, and the year
ending June 30, 1869, shows the increase in
that particular kind of service in one year. For
the year ending June 80, 1869, the railroad
seivice was 39,637 miles, and for the year end-
ing June 30, 1870, it was 43.727 miles, being
an increase in one year of 4,190 miles. Would
the Senator insist, when these railroad facili-
ties are being extended all over the country,
that the mail should notwithstanding be car-
ried on horseback and in slow two-horse
coaches? The community do not think so, and
they insist on improved communication.
The expense of railroad mail transporta-
tion for the year ending June 30, 1869, was
$4,723,680. Of course when these facilities
were increased there was an increased expend-
iture, and the railroad transportation for the
year ending June 30, 1870, cost the Govern-
ment $5,128,901, being an increase in that
year of $405,221. The same increase of rail-
road service is shown for the first six months
of the present fiscal year. On the 1st of
January, 1871, the railroad service was 45,767
miles, being an increase of 2,040 miles since
the 1st of July last.
Mr. President, the increased appropriations
for mail service, instead of averaging twenty
or thirty or forty per cent., as the Senator has
suggested, do not average ten per cent. If
this policy of the Committee on Appropria-
tions is assented to by the Seuate the result
will be that the Postmaster General must cut
down the service in every part of the coun-
try. Why should this be done ? The country
glows, and postal facilities are insisted upon
by the people. They want them ; they demand
them. Must not the expense of the service go
on increasing? And why should it not be so?
You see that steadily your postal revenues are
increasing. The deficiency to be taken out of
the general Treasury this year does not exceed
about two or three million dollars, whereas
as but a few years ago it was upward of five
million dollars. I do not believe there is a
Department of the Government that is so eco-
nomically conducted as the Post Office Depart-
ment. Allow it to go ou in this way, allow it
to manage its affairs as it has been doing,
with a full appreciation of the wants and ne-
cessities of the country, and I have no doubt
that in a very few years, perhaps in two or
three years, the income will be equal to the
expenditure of that Department. There is
no reason, then, for roiling back the wheel
of progress in this case and returning to the
scale of expenditure of two or three years ago.
I hope the Senate will not entertain the prop-
osition.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator from Minnesota
is partly right and partly wrong in charging that
the increase of expenses of inland transport-
ation for the year ending June 30, 1870, over
the cost of inland transportation for the year
ending J line 30, 1809, was per cent. The
Senator from Vermont stated the percentage
larger than the fact. It was a little less than
four and six tenths per cent. The Post Office
Department estimated that the expenditure for
the current year, based on a similar increase
over the expenditure of last year, as that of
last year was beyond thatof the preceding year,
would require for thecurrent year $11,384,802.
Assuming that the increase in the expenditure
for the year ending June 30, 1872, will be the
same percentage on the expenditure of the
current year as the expenditure of the last year
was over the preceding year, the real amount
required to be appropriated would be $11,907, -
933. But it is safely to be assumed that savings
may be properly made in the inland transport-
ation by cutting off routes which have become
useles.-, even though there be an extension of
mail facilities in some parts of the country. It
is further safe to assume as a general principle
lhat if theru is less money to spend there will
be lower rates.
Now, as a matter of fact, the bill as reported
by the Committee on Appropriations proposes
to appropriate $134,042 more than the expenses
