1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1071
man, frjm his greater experience in that line
than I have had. thinks there is danger that
this bill would operate in the indicated direc-
tion, 1 will very willingly vote for his amend
metit, and seek thus to secure the safety and
the purity of the poll. However, if I agree
to vole (or it., that does not bind the members
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, because
I have had no chance to consult with them
upon I his subject.
1 now yield for ten minutes to my colleague,
[Mr. Co.nxer.]
Mr. CON.VKR. In some particulars the
bill of my colleague [Mr. Derexer] is not all
that 1 could desire losee in a bill for this pur-
pose ; it does not go far enough. It does not
extend to the people upon the frontier and
borders of Texas such measures as will enable
them to properly protect their homes, their
lives, and their families.
The intentions of the framers of this bill are
no doubt good, but the money proposed to be
expended anil the number of troops raised are
so trifling and insignificant as to almost pro-
voke derision, but what there is of ir, (and
thai is so little that it is almost impossible to
detect it with the naked eye,) is meritorious;
and in favoring the bill I shall in my humble
way notice a few of the objections urged by
the opponents of the bill.
In the fir.-.t place, the compensation specified
is too insignificant to call mtoservice the better
class of our frontier citizens; and instead of
that being an objection to the measure, as was
urged by the honorable gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Logan,] the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Z.ffairs, on account of its
being too high, in my judgment it is infinitely
too low. As was remarked by my colleague,
[Mr. Degexer..] the experience of this Gov-
ernment, as set forth by the annual reports of
the Secretary of War foe a series of years, has
demonstrated that to sustain a regiment of sol-
diers upon the frontiers of Texas costs the
General Government $1,600,000 annually, or
$1,600 per man. Without raising thequestion
of efficiency, without stopping to discuss the
relative merits of the regular and volunteer
forces, either foroffensive or defensive warfare
as against th>! wild Indian tribes, but viewing
it simply from a stand point of business or econ-
omy, the measure now pending should com-
mand the favorable consideration of the friends
of reform.
Now, were these troops, provided for in this
bill, in constant employment they could not
possibly cost the Government over four hun-
dred and fifty dollars per man annually, less
than one thud of the cost of a regular soldier,
while it is contended that he will perform twice
the service and afford twice the protection.
This bill proposes to protect fifteen hundred
miles of Iroiitier country, at an expenditure
of $100,000 a year. It is a little step in the
right direction, and therefore I accord to it
my cheerful and hearty support.
This bill will enable these frontiersmen to
Orgauize into companies, and having the ap-
proval of lawful authority they w.ll be relieved
from the accusations that now fall upon them
when they band together for their own protec-
tion. As the matter now stands, and has stood
in the past, whenever these citizens organized
to meet the invading Indian, thecry then comes
up and circulates all through the country that
they are a band of Kuklux, marauding and
murdering Union men.
I would like to call the attention of the
House to what occurred in the border county
next to the one in which I reside. A very dis
tmguished citizen. Judge Weaver, the last
judge of that district elected by the people,
addressed a public meeting of citizens called
to organize a company to follow a depredai-
ing band of these marauding Indians who
had Ian 1\ been there. The Comauche Indians
came into that county and drove off on that
raid eighteen hundred horses, murdered seven
people, carried into captivity five children,
two of whom were afterward negotiated for by
ihe Indian agent, and the arrangement made
by him has since been sanctioned by the act
of this Government, for those children are now
out here in the orphan asylum of the District
of Columbia, having been by an act of this
Congress pensioned. And for organizing a
company to follow that band of lndians°he
was arrested by Ihe United States military
authorities and taken to the capital of the
State. True, he was released by the general
commanding, but he was subjected to the
humiliation of being carried as a prisoner four
hundred miles, withdrawn from his business,
and put on trial publicly, to say nothing of the
expense to which he was subjected.
1 refer to this incident on account of the high
social and legal standing of, Judge Weaver,
that this House and the country may know
something of the manner in which affairs have
been conducted by the United Stales author-
ities since ihey assumed control in Texas.
Since the inauguration of this new regime,
since the introduction ef this new principle of
republican government by this administration
of military heroes, that the civil shall be sub-
ordinate to the military power, I am some-
what curious to know whether the court re-
cently appointed to compile the evidences of
southern crimes will take any notice of this
high-handed outrage upon the institutions of
the country and the rights of a worthy citizen.
I have prepared an amendment which I
desire to offer as an additional section. 1
hope my colleague [Mr. Degexeb] will assent
to it. i send it to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Cierk read as follows:
Add the following a3 a new section :
And be it further enacted, That the reservation
known as Fore Sill, Indian territory, be, and the
Sjme is hereby, discont nued. and hereafter it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of War to designate the
points at which Indian inervations shall be estab-
lished. ihe same to bo at least one hundred and fifty
miles distant from the nearest white settlement or
oiganized county.
Mr. CONNER. Mr. Speaker, my reasons
for offering ihis amendment must be obviom
to any one acquainted with the condiiioti of
affaiis in my section. The Fort Sill reserva-
| lion lies right across Red river, opposite the
organized counties of my district. On that
reservation ihe Indians are gathered. They
range from that reservation into Texas. They
steal our horses and our cattle, murder our
men. carry our women and children into cap-
tivity. If we should organize under this bill
for purposes of defense we could follow the
Indians to the lied river; but under the
instructions of the Indian Bureau and the War
Department we cannot follow them upon the
reservation which has been set apart for them
in accordance with this peace policy of the
President.
A lady who had been captured and had been
in the hands of those Indians told me last
summer, shortly after her return from the
reservation, that she could not possibly guess
the number of horses eorraled there belong-
ing to TexanS. I asked her about how many
she thoyght there were. .She.said she would
suppose there were about twenty five thousand.
There is a regular trade carried on between
the Indian '• ring" and the traders connected
with this reservation for the horses stolen by
these Indians when they raid over into Texas.
If this Indian reservation were removed one
hnudred and fifty miles beyond, we could follow
them for at least that distance, could overtake
them, take their scalps, and claim our horses.
But under ihe provisions of this bill, and the
existing regulations adopted as a part of the
peace policy of the Administration, we can-
not. follow the Indians upon their reservation,
because that would be invading sacred soil,
a spot set ap4rt by the mighty powers that
be. devoted exclusively to the noble red man.
Upon it, with the 'strong arm of the military
power to protect him, the Government, to feed
him, and the Quaker agents to pray for him,
he becomes exempt from search or seizure;
and it matters not what his crimes may be,
how many scalps he may have taken, how
many women he may have ravished, how many
children and horses he may have stolen, the
moment he reaches the limits of his reserva-
tion he is no longer liable to arrest, while the
rights to the property he may have stolen,
whether it consist of Jiorses, women, or chil-
dren, become vested in him^and the Govern-
ment is there with the strong arm of its power
to protect and defend him in these newly-
acquired rights. 1 am reliably informed that
these red cut throats boast ol their depreda-
tions and their crimes in ihe presence ot both
military officers and Quaker agents.
I was.at one time in company with a party
of friends who visited that reservation. 1 did
not myself quite reach the reservation, but a
number of the party did. The Indians on
meeting them would shake hands and sav:
" We are friends now; but next moon we shall
be in Texas, and then we will fight." Most
of the Indians will tell you that, when they
reach their reservation they are there under the
protection of this Quaker commission. They
seem to understand that thoroughly. If you
will remove the reservation that will afford
us more protection than all the rangers that
could be organized, although the rangers are
necessary. But so long as the 1 ndians are bar-
boied so near the settlements is is next to
impossible to look for peace or protection. I
I rust I have given the House sufficient reasons
to warrant them in sustaining my amendment,
and I hope it may prevail as well as ihe one
submitted by my friend, [Mr. Adams,] the
gentleman from Kentucky. Both of these
amendments are essential and necessary to
make_ the other provisions of the bill at all
practicable.
But my colleague will tell you that the meas-
ure proposed in my amendment is impracti-
cable, because there is no point at which-you
could place the Indians where ihey would be
one hundred and fifty miles from anv organized
county. In this he is mistaken. TheGovern-
ment could easily negotiate with the Texa3
authorities to put the Indians upon what is
called the Panhandle, where they would be
four hundred miles froM any organized county.
What I ask, and what the people of northern
Texas demand, is thait these Indians be removed
from our borders, because otherwise we can
have no tranquillity. And what motive, if
any, my colleague [Mr. Degexeu] could have
in opposing my amendment is more than I
can imagine. Surely he does not think that
I would desire to steal his thunder by improv-
ing upon a measure that has been the pet of
his congressional career, and upon which so
much of hope for future political preferment
rests. By no means. He has worked for this
bill faithfully, and if credit there is in it he is
entitled to a full measure. And I predict that
if it meets with defeat it will be at the hand's
of his own partisan friends.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DEGENER. I now move the previous
question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the bill and amendments be laid on the table.
Mr.-PROSSEll. If the previous question
be ordered, will it be in order for me to move
a substitute for this bill?
The SPEAKER. It would not.
Mr. PROSSKR. Then 1 desire an oppor-
tunity to offer a substitute now.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at pres-
ent.
On the motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,
that the bill and amendments be laid on the
table, there were—ayes 01, noes 42, no quo-
rum voting.
fellers were ordered ; and Mr. Gap.fiku),
of Ohio, and Mr. Degexeb were appointed.
The liouse divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—aj es 76, noes 64.
Mr. DEGENER demanded the yeas and
nays.
