1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
The House divided; and there were—ayes
21, noes 98.
Mr. D15GENER demanded tellers on the
yeas and noes.'
Tellers were not ordered.
So (one fifth of those present not having
voted in the affirmative) the ye&s and nays
were not ordered.
So the bill was laid on the tail®.
,Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on ihe table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
, ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BEA.TTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled the following acts and
joint, resolutions; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. It. No. 794) for the relief of H.
Lawrence Scott, late agent for the sale of in-
ternal revenue stamps in the thirteenth district
of Pennsylvania.;
An act (H. it. No. 10X0) for the relief of
Hiram A. Cutting;
An act (II. R. No. 1274) for the relief of
Mrs. Caroline G. Gardner, widow of Brevet
Brigadier General John L. Gardner;
An act (II. II. No. 1667) for the relief of
Janes, Fowler, Kirtland & Co. ;
An act (H. R. No. 2250) for the relief of
John Wilson:
An act (H. R. No. 2793) to authorize the
Worcester County National Bank, Massachu-
setts, to change its location;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 209) author-
izing the Secretary of War to audit and pay
the claim of Robert T. Kirkpatrick, a loyal
citizen of Tennessee; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 308) author-
izing the use of a naval vessel to transport
breadstuffs to Europe.
message from the president.
A message, in writing, was received from
the President, by Mr. Horace Pouter, one of
his secretaries; and also a message, which
announced that the President had approved
and signed a bill (E. R. No. 666) to authorize
the removal of the custom-house from St.
Mark's to Cedar Keys, Florida.
removal of tub brooklyn navy-yard.
Mr. KETCHAM, by unanimous consent,
gave notice that when the bill (H. R. No. 1603)
to provide for the removal of the Brooklyn
navy-yard, reported by Mr. Scofleld from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, was again
taken up, he would offer the following as a
substitute:
Srrike oat all after the enacting clause and insert:
That the Secretary of the Navy, General William
T. Sherman. Admiral D. IX l'ortcr, Brisadier Gen-
eral A. A. Humphreys, Chief Engineer United Sfates
Army, and Captain D. lJ. Patterson, of the Coast Sur-
vey service, be, and they aro hereby, constituted a
hoard to inquire whether it is desirable and for the
best interests of the Government to sell the navy-
yard at Brooklyn, New York : and if, in their judg-
ment, such shall be deemed advisable, the said board
shall recommend n suitable place in the State, and
near the .city of New York, to which the works in
said yard shall be transferred, the aciion of said
board to be reported to Congress on or before the
15th day of Deoember, 1871.
The substitute was ordered to be printed.
national education.
The next business in order was House bill
No. 1326, to establish a system of national
education, on which Mr. Arnell was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. ARNELL addressed the House for one
hour. [His speech will be published iu the
Appendix.] '
Mr. CLARK, ofTexas. Mr. Speaker, before
entering upon the remarks which I desire to
submit upon the pending bill to establish a sys-
tem of national education, I ask the Clerk to
read the first portion of the preamble, which
refers to the people in regard to whom the
gresater portion of my speech refers.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas the Constitution of the United States, as
recently amended more completely to carry into
effect the great principles for which it was ordained,
has recognized the right of large numbers of the
people heretofore excluded to take part in the
Government, by whoso votes the most important and
vital public auestions may be determined.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. Mr. Speaker,
there is a picture dear to every patriotic heart,
prized beyond expression by the loyal people
of the South, found in many a happy home:
the picture representing the "reading of the
emancipation proclamation.'. The blazing pine-
knot. sheds its light over an assembled group in
the cabin of the slave. Old and young are
there; those who prayed long years for the dawn
of liberty, and at last realize "the glory of
the coming of the Lord," and those who now
see their bright young hopes fulfilled escap-
ing as by a miracle from a fate more terrible
than death. The child no longer compelled to
hide his book, brings it to the light, and visions
of the school and the teacher dance through
his mind and make liis little heart leap for
joy. Time will never efface that scene from the
minds of those people ; their childrens' chil-
dren will be taught to revere it and to repeat
its lessons throughout all future generations.
Our own independence as a nation has ever
been commemorated with thanksgiving and
joy, but never .have we in all our enthusiasm
come up to the full measure of the rejoicing
with which the freedmen hail each returning
anniversary of their liberation from bondage.
By the devotion of the best and noblest in the
land were they made free, and their conduct
since emancipation proves that they appreciate
every sacrifice made in their behalf. We fol-
lowed up our victory over the cursed monster
slavery by incorporating into the organic law
of the country, there to remain forever, the
thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth amend-
ments, and we have thrown around the ballot-
box the protecting aegis of the whole power of
this Government.
We have said to all the poor, the weak, and
ignorant: "Go to the pplls and vote without
prejudice, without intimidation." We have
not said as yet: "There is the school; go
and fit yourselves for an intelligent participa-
tionin public affairs." To provide that school,
free to all, is what this bill proposes to do to
emancipate the whole people of whatever race
orcolorfrom the slavery of ignorance. "Teach
us, teach us," is the cry all over the South to-
day. " See what we have done for ourselves
iu spite of the indifference of those around us,
in spite of their insults and outrages." "Read
the reports of our friends, many of whom have
sacrificed their lives to redeem us from the
intellectual darkness in which we hav  so long
groped." I read from the last reports of the
superintendents stationed in Texas and Louis-
iana in charge of the Bureau of Education.
Mr. Stevenson says:
"Feeling against, schools.—In certain localities there
is a very strong feeling again-t schools for the col-
ored people, though opposition usually amounts
only to a refusal to sell land for a school sile. or
declining to permit schools to be held m .churches
which have been turned over to oolored people.
"In a late tour I was assured that an agent of the
Government on such business as mine could, not
safely go to the localities proposed. I was obliged
to change my plans and take another route. The
county seatof one of these counties is not over sixty
miles from Austin. Themilitiaand State police bills
which havejust been passed will correct this evil.
There is a large portion of the State east of the
Trinity river which has had no assistance since the
abolishment of the old agency system of the bureau..
There have been two causes for this: difficulty of
getting there and the feelingof personal insecurity.
"Belter class— Tho better class of planters have
learned that a school-house is the loadstone which
attracts labor, and they are building school-houses
on their pi 'ntations and making every effort lo get
teachers. Though the southern people aro not edu-
cated up to the point of teaching themselves, still
there is already perceived change in the tone of the
public press aud in public sentiment with reference
to the treatment of teachers of colored schools.
" A southern man.—Prejudice against teachers has
been so strong that but one southern man of stand-
ing has had the moral courage to adopt teaching a
colored school as a profession. This gentleman, a
Mr. Sealy, of Brenham, is a man of culture and good
capacity. It is a matter of regret that there are not
more instances of a similar kind to record, and it is
to be hoped that this isolated case is but the earnest
of what is soon to follow."
Captain McCreery says:
•' Land for school-houses.—Another great trouble
we have had is to obtain deeds of the land on which
we desired to erect houses. Often those who profess
to be in favor of educating the f'reeduien will not
convey to trustees for any consideration the ncees-
sary ground upon which to erecttbebuiiding. They
have no objection to the Government putting up
houses on their own places, but they aecidediy ob-
ject to giving title to others ior that purpose. We
do not want the negroes to get a hold' has been the
reply given us everywhere. ,
** Burning school-houses.—During the year we have
had three school-houses destroyed by incendiaries:
one in Bossier parish, in this State; one in Lamar
county, Texas; and the other in Collin county, in
the same State. The last was burned only a few
days ago.
*' Teacher* driven away.—In a number ot places
where wo could have had schools we have been pre-
vented from so doing by our teachers being driven
away on reaching the place or shortly afr.er opening
school. One of our teachers in Henderson county,
Texas, was stripped, covered with tar aud cotton,
and let loose, and warned to leave the place in two
minutes. At the end ot that time, as he was assured,
a volley of musketry would bo fired at him. He at
once fled. , ,,T,
"Summary of the year 8 xoork.—when we came her©
we tound but five schools in operation in the entire
district, with an average attendance of about one
hundred aud fifty pupils. Some others appeared on
the various papers received; but they had been closed
by reason of the hot weather. We began work at
once, and our report now shows fifty-seven day and
night schools, with an attendance of 3,054 scholars.
"Pay by freedmen.—This has been done almost
entirely by the freedmen themselves. We have paid
no jteachers out of the bureau fund since last August.
After that time the teachers of all the schools in the
entire district save one were supported by the col-
ored people. They have paid in this way, during
the year, up to the 30th of the present mouth, about
fourteen thousand eight hundred and seventy-five
dollars, a surprising amount considering the obsta-
cles to be encountered. A zeal has been manifested
in the cause of education and thirst for knowledge
worthy of all praise.
"National education.—As the result of my expe-
rience in the South, I am inoro than ever convinced
that education should be made national. The
southern States have never had a thorough system
of free schools. Before the war the wealthy educa-
ted their children at home hy means of tutors and
governesses, till ready to be sent to colleges or sem-
inaries. A tree school to them savorea of charity,
and was hardly considered respectable. It was re-
garded somewhat as a free lodging-house, free coup,
or free vaccination is in some parts of the North.
The same spirit, to a certain extent, still prevails.
"There is a good Sfate system of free schools
started in Louisiana, and the same thing is being
attempted in Texas; butthepeoplcgenrrally regard
it with apathy, and take little or no interest therein.
The whites own the property and are opposed to
being taxed to support schools for the blacks. I
presume this feel ing is genera 1 throughout t h e South.
"When, therefore, the fostering care of the Gov-
ernment is withdrawn from the bureau schools. I
fear many of them will languish and finally die out.
Nothing, in my judgment, but an efficient system of
public education can everprevenfc these States from
relapsing into a condition in many respects almost
as bad as they were before the wur. The State has
a right to make soldiers for its defense; has its mil-
itary schools for that purpose. It has an equal right
to see that every child is properly prepared tor cit-
izenship.
"Scarcityof schoohof any kind.—Some parts of this
country are lamentably destitute of schools of any
kind. As an instance, Sabine parish, in this State,
is aboat sixty miles long and thirty broad, with an
area of about eighteen hundred square miles. There
is not in it a school ot any kind, public or private,
white or colored ; not one. It is no wonderthe peo-
ple are opposed to negro schools there, where thoy
will not have white ones.
"Every black man who was summoned on the jury
by the sheriff hist year in that parish was shot, hung,
or driven out of t he country. In Winn parish.across
Red river, a similar state of society prevails. To ere
are several other parishes in this State, and a num-
ber of counties in I'ox'is of the same description.
*' Want of teacher*.—One great obstacle in the im-
provement of the freedmen here is the want of teach-
ers. This district is so remote, lawless, and violent
that they justly hesitate to come to these parts, and
there are out few in tho country.
"There is probably rnor* of the old slavery spirit
here than in any other part of the South. Thousands
of negroes aie practical ly in a state ot bondage yet.
Man> of the planters will notallow school-houses'oa
their places, or suffer their colored children to go to
school. Where we have schools we eXpei iencc great
difficulty in sending letters and documents to our
teachers. SuiphurSprmgs, Hopkins county, Texas,
ia a place of this character. In th.it place there are
now twenty widows and seventy-five orphan children,
whobe husbands and lathers have been murdered
since the close ot the war. Wo wrote in vain to our
teacher there; our letters were never given him.
Having been driven away finally, he «aiuo hither
and reported the above facts."
