1684
UHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
February 25,
■which are estimated by the Department for the
current year ; so thatinstead of the committee
having decreased the amount to be appropri-
ated, they have actually reported a bill which
increases the amount to be expended in the
next year $134,000 above the amount which
the Post Office Department themselves esti-
mate will be expended in the current year.
On this point that is substantially what there is
to be said, that if we take the estimates of the
Post Office Department themselves the cur-
rent year will require $11,384,802 for this ser-
vice, and if we accept the bill as reported by
the committee we shall appropriate S184,042
above the expenses of the current year for this
item.
Mr. RAMSEY, The fact is that the propor-
tionate increase from 1869 to 1870 of inland
transportation was precisely 4j5u9ff per cent.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 will give tlie Senator an
advantage over that. It is 4150%'j; per cent; it
is a little more.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is running it very fine.
Mr. SAWYER. It is not so very fine when
the percentage is counted on millions.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is the most natural thing
in the world to expect that in the growth of
such a service there must be some contingen-
cies which the estimates may not cover. The
estimates are predicated on an increase of five
per cent., and that rate of increase would pro-
duce $12,329,000, which is the amount allowed
by the House of Representatives.
Mr. SAWYER. A half per cent, on
$13,000,000 is a pretty large sum of money.
Mr. POMEROY. Referring to what I said
before, I see now that the Committee on Ap-
propriations had precisely the same informa-
tion that the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads had, that they had nothing new on
the subject. Now, I propose, before we take
tlie question on the .amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to perfect the mat-
ter proposed by that amendment to be stricken
out. I move to amend the matter to be stricken
out by striking out "three" and inserting "five,"
so as to make the appropriation $12,529,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make the point of order
that that increases the appropriation.
Mr. POMEliOY. Then I address my atten-
tion to the point of order. Under the rule of
the Senate, any Senator proposing a new item
of appropriation must submit it to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations ; but it is in the power
of any Senator to move to increase or diminish
any appropriation he finds in the bill. I should
like to have the point of order decided before
I argue the merits of the question ; and I will
state the case for the consideration of the reg-
ular occupant of the chair, who, I perceive, has
just taken it.
I have moved to increase an appropriation
that is now in the bill. The point of order is
that my motion to increase has not been sub-
mitted to the Committee on Appropriations one
day in advance. In response to that, I say it
is within the power of any Senator to move to
add to an appropriation that he finds ia the
bill or to take from it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Who has made the point
of order? I have not heard it made.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ver-
mont who sits beside me has made the point
of order. If it is not a new item of appro-
priation it is in the power of any Senator to
move, and it is in the power of the Senate to
vote, either to increase or diminish an appro-
priation in the bill. Now I ask for the decision
of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
decide the point of order. The Senator from
Kansas moves to increase the amount of the
appropriation for this item of the bill from
112,000,329 to $12,000,529.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He meant to make it
$12,529,000; but the principle is the same.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas proposes to change "three" to
"five." The bill came from the House of
Representatives with an appropriation of
$12,000,329 for inland mail transportation, aud
the Committee on Appropriations propose to
reduce the amount to $11,518,844. The Sen-
ator from Kansas proposes to amend the part
moved to be stricken out by the Committee
on Appropriations so as m make the appro-
priation $200 larger than it was in the bill as
it caine from the House of Representatives.
The Chair decides that that amendment is not
in order. The thirtieth rule reads:
"No amendment proposing additional appropri-
ations "—
That covers amendments to amendments
as well as amendments proper, because the
whole object of the rule is to guard against
additional appropriations, except under cer-
tain contingencies.
"No amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions shall bo received to any general appropriation
bill unless it bo made to carry out the provisions of
some existing law"—
That is, a- law requiring the amount to be
appropriated—
"or some act or resolution previously passed by
the Senate during that session "—
That is, seme bill or resolution that has not
yet become a law, but has received the assent
of this body, requiring the appropriation—
"or moved by direction of a standing or select
committee of the Senate; or in pursuance of an esti-
mate from the head of some of the Departments."
If the estimate of the head of the Depart-
ment authorized this the Chair would think it
came within this clause of the thirtieth rule.
Mr. COLE. It does not. The estimate is
in accordance with the bill as itcamefrom the
House of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the amendment of the Senator from Kansas
is precluded by all the four clauses of the first
part of the thirtieth rule, which he has read.
Mr. POMEROY. I will then confine my
remarks to the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations, which is that this service
for the transportation of the mails shall be
reduced. In support of that proposition the
Senator from Vermont made the general re-
mark that the demands of this service were
thirty per cent., or some per cent., year by
year increased ; that the growth of the country
made this increased demand, year by year, for
our appropriaiions. Although the Senator
from Vermont made the percentage too high,
still the principle is involved in the appropria-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I intended to spealc of
the accumulations since the war.
Mr. POMEROY. In reply to the remarks
of the Senator from Vermont about the in-
creased amount paid for railroad and steam-
boat transportation I have this to say: there
is no kind of transportation in this country so
cheap to the Government as the railway trans-
portation. I can instance that from examples
in ray own State. We formerly had the mails
transported by stages between points to which
our railroads are now completed. Within the
last thirty days a railroad forty miles long has
been completed in my own State, and the De-
partment discontinued the service of coaches
and let the service to the railroad company;
and it costs the Government for daily service
on that route just half as much as it cost for
semi-weekly service in a coach. I venture to
say that there has not been an exception, where
you suspended service by coaches when rail-
roads were built, where the transportation was
not done quicker and cheaper per annum by
railroad than by coach. The amount of mails
that are taken from Washington to New York
day by day could not be delivered in New
York cheaper by any service than the railroad
company can do it, having any regard to the
time occupied in the transmission.
I know that the Government pays more for
railroad service from here to New York than
anywhere else in the country. The railways
in the West get but fifty dollars a mile per
annum for each mile of road. I speak now
of the new roads that are being constructed.
Roads that are finished get, some $175 a mile,
I, and in a few instances $250 per
mile. There is this to be said, however; that
when a road is in process of being constructed,
and no postal cars are on that road, the ser-
vice isperformed cheaper than when the road is
completed, and new, large, and expensive postal
cars are put on. But we must bear in mind
that the postal cars dispense with distributing
offices. You cannot establish a distributing
office anywhere in the country without having
extra clerks and extra salaries and extra com-
pensation.
Mr. COLE. But not paid for out of this
item.
Mr. POMEROY. Not paid for out of this
item; but the service must be done, and lam
speaking now of the service. When we have
the mails distributed en route in postal cars
we save distributing offices, we facilitate trans-
portation, and then the mails do not lie over
a day or two in the offices, being distributed by
the-clerks after the cars have gone on. But I
wish to confine myself simply to this one item
in this bill.
The proposition is to reduce the appropria-
tion for mail transportation inland from the
amount estimated by the Department. Liv-
ing in a country where increased service is
demanded year by year, and even month by
month, where more than three hundred post
offices have been opened within a year, I
happen to know that there is an imperative
demand for service; and yet the Department
constantly assure us that service cannot be
put on those routes because there is no money,
because the appropriations are too small; and
General Smith, the Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral, who has had the charge of this depart-
ment of the service, has informed me that
after he made his estimate he found it was
much too low ;,that he had not contemplated
the increased service that the country seemed
to demand when be made his estimate ; and
I had that in mind when I tried to make an
effort to increase the sum allowed by the House
of Representatives.
I will only add that it is the very life of a new
country to have a mail. We do not expect
daily mails; they cannot be bad ; but if this
appropriation is cut down we cannot have a
weekly mail. You send men from the older
States to a new State or Territory, and they
are the lonesomest men in the world if they
cannot have a mail, if the weekly paper, to
say nothing of the daily paper, cannot get to
them, or if they cannot get a letter once a
week, it is a great impediment and embar-
rassment to the settlement of the country.
Let our young and enterprising men who go
into the new Territories be followed by mail,
be followed by a post office in their neighbor-
hood, and they will soon feel themselves at
home; their means of communication will be
free and cheap; the papers that they have
been accustomed to receive at their firesides
at their old homes will come to them. But
send them out on the public domain and cut
off a mail from them and you retard the set-
tlement of the country; you cannot sell your
public lands; and last year you got $2,500,000
from that source. You cannot sell your lands
unless people are encouraged to go upon them
and can there receive mail matter. The mails
of the country are a great civilizer. They pro-
mote the education, development, and civil-
ization of the country; and when jou cut off
the mail service you cut off the life-spring.
Now, I entreat Senators to give us a full mail
service, such as the Department has estimated
for, and such as the public interests demand.
All through the South nothing is so desirable
as mails. Give the people there something to
read and they will quit fighting. If they could
read more they would love each other better.
Shut them away from newspapers, from letters,
from postal facilities, and they become discon-
tented and dissatisfied. When you cut off a man
