1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24T
by the medium of free labor with the sugar and
the coffee, the products of Cuba and Brazil,
and take a long stride on the pat h which marks
the civilization of the world and the melioration
of humanity and its wrongs.
But, sir, as I say, I have no wish to antici-
pate this inquiry. The question which ad-
dresses itself to us is widely different. Those
who urge this resolution protest against decid-
ing the cause and then trying it afterward, or
not trying it at all. That is the issue ; and if
political effect is to be given in consequence of
the essay of the Senator from Massachusetts,
or of the speeches upon the other side of this
Chamber in denunciation of the supposition
that a Republican administration is looking
for territory in the Gulf of Mexico, so be it.
We will argue that question in the appropriate
forum with our opponents and the allies who
have recently joined them; and when we do, we
will go back in history ; we will go back to the
time when James Buchanan, John Y. Mason,
August Belmont, and Pierre Soul6, assem-
bled at the tomb of Charlemagne and pro-
claimed the Ostend manifesto. We will go
back to the time when it was Democratic doc-
trine, not only that we needed empire in the
tropics, not only that we longed for the West
India islands, but that the Queen of the An-
tilles was so essential to us, that falling back
on the elementary doctrine of self-preserva-
tion, we would assert Rob Roy's right., assert
the dogma that might makes right, and, in the
language of Mr. Soul6, responding to a sere-
nade in the city of New York, " tear it by force
from the old Spanish wolf." That was com-
mendable Democratic doctrine in those days,
yet Democrats are against honest purchase now.
We will argue beforethatgreatjury, toonumer-
ous to be packed and too virtuous to be bribed,
the question whether in this day it is safe hon-
estly, economically, cheaply to oppose free
labor in San Domingo to the slave labor of the
cane-fields of Cuba, and whether in truth, if
(Ins island proves of the value and abound-
ing in the promises ascribed to it, it is wise or
otherwise that we acquire it.
But, sir, that question in its political bear-
ings is not here. The question for any purpose
whatever is not here. The simple question is
whether we will consent to an impartial inquiry.
Mr. President, well is it for the President
of the United States, if he be sensitive touch-
ing the licentious tongues of his fellow-coun-
trymen, that he did not presume so far as to
act on what I think I have heard denominated
personal government, as to undertake, without
the assent or the authority of Congress, to send
commissioners to San Domingo. This Cham-
ber would not have been large enough to hold
the sound or the reverberations of that sound
with which denunciations would have rolled
against such an act. Cautious as he has ever
been, gifted not only with sight but with insight,
he judged, I think, wiselyin not hazarding upon
the borders of his power an act of his own to
accomplish this purpose.
There is no trick underneath this proposi-
tion. It is a respectful and constitutional defer-
ence to Congress. I assume that the President
does approve this resolution; I will assume
that it is couched in the very words, if you
please, in which he would approve it; and then
I say it is the decorous, constitutional mode
of reaching the end in view. It is the proper
way of establishing for the credit of the Amer-
ican name, not to speak of individuals, the
falsehood, if they be false, of those accusations
which have darkened the air since the original
treaty was negotiated. It is the mode at the
same time of bringing to us that information,
without which the Senate once acted, that in-
formation the want of which was trumpeted
throughout the land as the fatal vice iti the
treaty; that information which will enable us
to speak with intelligence upon agrave national
question.
Now, Mr. President, I shall vote most gladly
fof this resaMioni I SslM vofe for it as freely
if the inclination of my mind be against the
plan of annexation suggested by the President
and criticised so severely by the senior Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.] I shall vote for
it as freely then as if I were the partisan of
some mode, or even of that mode of acquiring
San Domingo. I leave the subjeetsaying that
in my belief the Senate of the United States
would commit an error graver than personal
wrong to any man, if, under the accusations and
statements with which the country has been
filled, which have been enlarged and exagger-
ated by'the utterances of to-day, it should re-
fuse a mode so simple, so useful as this, of
bringing to that remorseless test, the truth, this
whole proceeding and the facts involved in it.
Mr. SUMNEK. Mr. President, one, two,
three Senators, one after the other, have felt
it their duty to assail ine in this debate. The
Senator from New York, according to a phrase
of his own, has "had his day in court." He
has made his attack, grateful to himself of
course. I reply to two things, and only two
things.
First, he arraigns me for what I said from
my seat of General Babcock; but after quot-
ing what I said he did not read the context.
I said that if Babcock was guilty of what was
alleged he ought to be cashiered at once, and
I afterward challenged the Senate to say that
I was not right. 1 put the question then to
Senators, I put it now to every Senator within
the sound of my voice, if Babcock was guilty
of what was charged, should he not have been
cashiered at once? If there is a Senator who
holds the contrary, I will yield the floor cheer-
fully that he shall express himself. [Mr. Nyf,
rose.] I yield to my friend only if he holds
the contrary, because I do not wish to occupy
time. I put the question to the Senate, if_
Babcock was guilty of the allegation made,
should he not have been cashiered at once I
Of course he should ; and therefore was I
right when I made the remark. It was the in-
dignant utterance of an honest nature. Listen-
ing to the aggravated statement, I was shocked.
The Senator, going back to the Globe, has
quoted the remark without the context, and
m that was uncandid.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me a moment?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly. «
Mr. CONKL1NG. I understand him now
to charge me with having torn a remark from
the context and read it. I hold up the record
and I read. The Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
FEiiKYj was in the act of a somewhat lengthy
speech which I cannot read. While he was
so iu the act, according to the Globe, Mr. Sum-
ner exclaimed: " He ought to be cashiered
at once," whereupon Mr. Ferry proceeded;
and no remark was made by Mr. Scmjjer at
this point except this remark the whole of
which I read. Therefore 
Mr. SUMNEK. Will the Senator be good
enough to hand me the Globe?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly; and I will
thank the Senator not to impute to me dissev-
ering a sentence or dislocating a word. I have
seen too much of that done.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not say "dissevering
a sentence;" I said the Senator had not quoted
the context.
Mr. NYE. I think I can refresh the Sen-
ator's recollection.
Mr. SUMNEK. I have the report before me.
Mr. NYE. I recollect it.
Mr. SUMNER. As soon as I could get the
floor I said—I read from the Globe:
"Mr. President, I do not desire to prejudge this
question; but I do feci it my duty to say that my
friend from Michigan, in the very earnest and
positive words that he has seen fit to utter, has not
touched the case. lie has not come within a thou-
sand miles of the question. The question is not no w
on the character of Mr. Hatch. That is not now.in
issue. Nor do X know that there is any substantial
issue as to the conduct of Mr. Hatch which led to his
/ imprisonment. There is another and a graver <*ues-
tion than ("hat. to which the Senator has referred. it
] igibe coTiduct of aiVo'fliocr in the Army of the Omtea
[ States, who was engaged there, according to com-
mon report—I do not speak now from any official
knowledge, but according to'common report—in the
negotiation of atreaty. An officer of the Army nego-
tiating a treaty of the United States I And that offi-
cer, while there engaged in that negotiation, lends
himseJf to what the Senator from Connectient ha^
rightly characterized as a ' machination' to keep in
prison an American citizen." ' -
Now listen to what followed and which' the
Senator from New York did not find it con-
venient to read :
" Now, sir, 1 do not pretend to express any opinion
on the fact. I have not the evidence before me.
You have heard the Senatorfrom Connecticut, care-
ful, prudent, and accustomed to weigh evidence, and
he gives you his conclusion on the facts. Assuming
the facts as the Senator from Connecticut states
them, I have to say that I know not in our history
any instance more disgraceful. I could not restrain
myself when he mentioned the fact, and I naturally
exclaimed'he ought to be cashiered at once.' Sir,
his name should be struck from the Army, and struek
from the roll of honorable men. Such things we
read of in other days, in dark places, under tyran-
nical Governments, where officers or subjects have
been thrust into prison by arbitrary power, or, as it
was called in France,Uttre de cachet, in order to
get them out of the way. And that has been re-
peated—so the Senator from Connecticut assures us,
on the evidence—by an American officer engaged in
negotiating a treaty 1"
Thus it was that I expressly said that I did
not express any opinion on the facts; that I
had not the evidence before me ; but, assuming
the facts as stated by the Senator from Con-
necticut, I declared, and I now repeat the dec-
laration, he ought to have been cashiered at
once. Sir, I am glad I made that declaration.
I wish it to stand there as a token of my prompt-
ness in declaring myself against crime wherever
it shows itself, and if the facts alleged against
him do not constitute crime, then let there be
another dictionary.
Then the Senator from New York spent the
venom which he nurses so well in commenting
on a stolen, surreptitious, and false report of a
conversation, or what purported to be a con-
versation of mine at Chicago. He said it had
never been contradicted. He is mistaken. It
was contradicted under the telegraphic head
from Washington. I have seen the contradic-
tion more than once in the papers. It was a
stolen thing, with a mixture of truth, of false-
hood, and of exaggeration, producing in the
main the effect of falsehood.
One thing in it was substantially true, and
that was the information derived from an officer
of the Navy, that in cruising about the bay of
Samana he saw lots marked with " Baez,"
"Babcock," " Cazneau," "Fabens," and
"Grant." Such was the information, and I
mentioned it as a fact. I never supposed that
General Grant knew of any such thing, nor
did I ever suggest that he knew of it, as I never
supposed it; and any charge or hint in that
report or anywhere else that I ever did make
any such imputation is an absolute falsehood.
This is my answer to the piled-up agony of the
Senator from New York.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President^ I shall
occupy very little time. My purpose in rising
is chiefly to put upon record in the fewest
possible words the grounds of my opposition
to the annexation of San Domingo, and rather
to state propositions than to make an argument.
But, before I do that I wish to notice some
few remarks that have fallen from different
| Senators in the course of this debate. Any
stranger who shduld have come into this Cham-
ber within the last two hours, unacquainted
with the subject under discussion, and listening
to the speeches that have been made, would
naturally have come to the conclusion that it
was once more the field of an impeachment
trial; but at this tim e it was not a President of
the United States who was arraigned and upon
his trial, but a Senator of the United States,
a Senator from the Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts. It is true that tho Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Nte] was pleased to bestow on
that Senator some of those fine eulogies which
fall so easily from his tongue, and even to
vouchsafe the remark that the^Senator and the
President tt.iigh' Saw fully differ! ti their opinions,
that the one bad a right to his opisioa as well
