1871.
THU CONGRESSIONAL GLOM.
id7B
Mr. Speaker, I would not have it understood
that there is no better state of things in Texas
to-day. _ There is a more healthy tons in pub-
lic opinion, and it is backed up by an efficient
State police. The people are more and more
inclined to assist in the preservation of order,
and to devote themselves to the encourage-
ment of education. I desire it to be known,
however, what these people have accomplished,
in the face of every obstacle, toward their
mental and moral improvement.
Let me remark here that duringall my obser-
vation in the Sodth in the past ten years I
have become convinced that the surest, most
feasible way to overcome the prejudice against
the colored man, and to harmonize his inter-
ests with those of the white race, is to insist
upon the education of both ; for generally one
is as ignorant as the other where this bitterness
exists, which ripens so often into outrage and
murder. Exchange the whisky shop for the
school-room, the bowie-knife for the pen, the
pistol and shot-gun for the slate and pencil,
and you will find this policy more effective than
whole armies of troops, whether State or Fed-
eral. The common school, free school, is the
nursery of true Republicanism or true Democ-
racy if you will; the great leveler, where each
passes for what he is worth morally and intel-
lectually ; no more, no less.
No one wba has not witnessed it can appre-
ciate the eagerness and enthusiasm with which
the freedmen have labored to build up their
homes, and plant in their midst the church
and the school-house. The traveler through
my State will come upon many a little village
just beyond the old towns. He will be struck
with the air of thiift and industry pervading
the place; each little frame dwelling or more
humble hut in a tidy inclosnre adorned with
flowers and shrubs; in the center of all the
church and school-house combined, built by
their own hands and supported by their hard
earnings, relying occasionally on the contri-
butions from the Bureau of Education, which
have now ceased altogether. Impatiently are
they waiting for our excellent school system
to be put into successful operation. The pres-
ent Legislature will make this their first and
most prominent duty, I have no doubt. No
State in the Union has a more magnificent fund
or a more comprehensive system, yet out of
two hundred thousand persons of scholastic
age there are less than sixty thousand attend-
ing any school whatever, nor is there a free
school in the State except those organized
by the bureau ; and those are not free as the
people of the North and West understand free
schools.
Of this school fund in Texas, the Governor
in his recent message, one of the ablest State
papers I have read for many a day, says:
"According to my estimate of the school fand, the
actual cash (or equivalent) goid value of it is now
upward of $2,575,000. The items which have not
already been realized and placed in the Treasury
■will be so within a few months, and when we recol-
lect that the school fund was not long since given up
in the minds of most people as totally lost, the above
result is very gratifying. I recommend that you
authorize all the above sums, as fast as realized, to
be converted in United States bonds, and also that
similar disposition be authorized of proceeds of
sale of school lands or public domain, and of the two
per cent, per annqrn received'from the railroads, on
aCeourit of thosinking fund.
"The moneyreceived from these sources consti-
tutes what the Constitution denominates the 'public-
school fund' proper. The interest of tbis fund, and
the poll-tax, and the one fourth of the ordinary
States, and the proceeds of such special school tax as
the Legislature may authorize, is to be appropriated
by your body ahnually to the support of common
schools. If-those portions of the fund not now yield-
ing' interest are speedily invested in United States
bonds X think tha t for the current year the sum of
$500,000 may be expected as disposable by appropria-
tion lor maintenance of public schools, without
resorting to the imposition of any special school
tax; and' I recommend an appropriation of that
amount to the establishment and maintenance of
public schools, such appropriation to be drawn only
fromfundsespeciallydisposabie for school purposes.''
There are, besides these funds, over one hun-
dred million acres of State lands absolutely
devoted to school purposes.
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 68.
_ Now, having such a large fund:atid the pos-
sibility of such an excellent system of public
instruction, why ask for national interference?
I answer: this fund was accumulated under the
auspices of the man whose memory is most
revered in Texas to-day, and justly so—Gov-
ernor Houston ; and but for the secessionists,
who secured control of the State and plunged
it into the rebellion, it would have long since
been properly applied to the support of com-
mon schools, if such a tiling were possible atnid
the baleful influences of slavery. Nothing was
too sacred to prevent its seizure by the Democ-
racy in order to carry out their nefarious design
of destroying the Union. The school fund was
dissipated and by many supposed to be irre-
trievably lost, and but for the efforts of a few
good and true men would never have been
recovered. It is in great part restored, but
who can tell what will be its fate should the
control of the State again pass into the hands
of the ene.mies of the Government. We judge
of the future by the past.
I take up the last platform of the Democ-
racy of Texas, fresh from the molding hands
of its choicest spirits. I find one long, weary
howl against Republican rule, one wretched
lamentation over loss of power, and a yearn-
ing for the spoils once more. Not one word
on the all-absorbing subject now before the
people, their education. By the ignorance of
the masses they have heretofore triumphed ;
by their ignorance they hope again to win
power ; and by tkeir ignorance to retain it.
"The greatest good to the greatest num-
ber" was an old maxim of the Democratic
party; but the greatest number was always
number one. Under the present administra-
tion of the State of Texas this bill will there
be inoperative, for all the necessary means of
education will be provided by the State; but
should the time ever come when the State
should neglect or refuse to keep up the schools,
then the national Government, under the pro-
visions of this bill, may step in to save its
children from ignorance and crime. But, Mr.
Speaker, my interest in this bill is not con-
lined to its influence on my State, or on any
one State. It is a measure which demands
the most serious attention of every man who
has at heart the public good.
We are entering upon a new era in the his-
tory of this country, and " every man aspiring
to the character of a statesman must endeavor
to enlarge his views to meet the new state ef
things. He must aim at an adequate com-
prehension of it, and instead of being satisfied
with that narrow political sagacity, which, like
the power of minute vision, sees small things
accurately but can see nothing- else, he must
look to the far horizon and embrace in his
broad survey whatever the series of recent
events has brought into connection with the
country whose interests he studies to serve."
We are told this bill is unconstitutional,
that it is interfering with rights of the States.
Sir, shall we never have done with this heresy
of " State rights?" It was unconstitutional
to attempt to relieve the garrisou at Sumter
in 1861. It was unconstitutional to coerce a
State into the Union. All the acts enforcing
obedience to the laws since 1801, to socure
equal rights to all under the law, have been
by the opponents of this bill declared to be
"unconstitutional, revolutionary, and void."
And now this act, having naught in view but
the promotion of the general welfare in its
largest, truest sense, is also declared to be
unconstitutional.
The gentleman from New Jersey in a recent
speech denied the right of Congress to legis-
late for schools in his State. Did he ever
object to the law permitting the bloodhounds
to pursue a fugitive from slavery across his
State? Was that law enacted to pro mole the
general welfare? The gentleman prides him-
self, and well he may, on his fine schools.
We had evidence of the success of his people
in that direction in the recent elections ; and,
if his schools _ continue to flourish, we itjay
hope soon to see the.last Democrat, elected
from that State. Once place this bill on the
statute-book, and let itfc benefits be enjoyed,
even for a year, and no party will ever daro
to touch it. Its hold upon the people wouid
be stronger than any party ties :
"Palladium of our liberties!
Bulwarks of freedom 1"
They are bur common schools, free schools.
But, Mr. Speaker, there are those who object
to the compulsory clauses in this bill, as if that
was a new feature in education. Even New
England, with all her proud record, cannot
lay claim to originality in this regard, as I \vili
show. I read from an article in the Christian
Union:
"The advocates of compulsory education ar<? ac-
customed to extol their favorite project as ono of the
peculiar developments of modern political economy;
as the efflorescence of nineteenth century civiliza-
tion. Theopponents of compulsion in education,on
the contrary, regard it as a questionable innovation,
an untried experiment of more than doubtful expe-
diency; that is, among a free people. Both parties
agree in treating the question as essentially mpdern.
Yet the idea is a very old one, and the practice suffi-
ciently ancient to be venerable. Three hundr«<lycais
ago—a hundred years before the Pilgrim Fathers
agreed that in every community of the coioriy they
were about to plant a public school-hou^e should
stand by the side of the house of worship—t ho stuidy
Sc9tch reformer, John Knox, declared it 'of nece.-i-
sitie that every several kirk should have ono school-
master appointed.' * * * * 4iSuchaone
at least aswas able to teach grammar and the Latin
tongue;/ * - * * * * that thereshould b'i
created in every notable town' a 'coiledgo in which
the arts, logic, rhethoriek, together with the tongues,
should be read bv the masters, for whom honest
stipends should bo appointed;' and further, ' that
fair provision should be made for the poor,' in espe-
cial those who come from the 'landward.' and were
'notable by their friends nor by themselves to bo
sustained at letters.'
"The ,records of Scottish communities during and
subsequent to those stormy times show that tins
rpgard for education—the education of all classes—
was not peculiar to John Knox. An interesting vol-
ume just published in Glasgow, entitled Fifi ma; or,"
Memorials of the East of Fife, con tains a number of
extracts from tbe record of the Kirk session of
Anstruther Wester, which throw much light, on the
state of popular opinion regarding public education
in tbe sixteenth century. The quaint style arid
irregular spelling of the time are preserved in our
quotations;
4,4October 26,1595,—Anent the complent given by
Ilenrie Cunyngham, doctor in the schooll, the ses-
sion think meit that all the youth in the toun bo
caused to com to school, to bo teached. And that
sic as are puir shall be furnished vpon the coraone
expenses ;• and gif ony puir refusis to com to schooll,
help sic thing as they neid and,requir shall be refused
to them. And as for sic as are able to sustain their
bairnes atschooll and do thei,rde\vtie to the teacher
for them, they sail be commq-ndit to put them to
school, that they maybe bro,chtvp in the feir of God
and vcrtuc. Quhilk if they refuse to do. they sail
be callit before the session and admonished of their
dewtie; and efter admonishon thoyinend not, far-
ther oroour shall' be talcen wit thom at the discro-
tion of the session. And the magistrates and coun-
sel! shall be desyred to take fra them the quarter
payment for their child, and ane dewtie, el'for (hor
discretion for the daye's meat, as it shall co about
vnto them, whidder they put their bairnos to school
or not.'
44 This is a clcar case of compulsory education for
rioh and 4 puir,' with a fiao for recalcitrant parents.
The 'dayes meat' appears to have been a forced
contribution of food from the well-to-do to their
less fortunate neighbors, 'Anent the puir,' it seems
that they were reasonably well cared for on thecou-
dition that they suffered their4 bairnos' to be 4brocht
vp in the feir of God and vertue.' If they would
not, and did not 4£eik' after tho same 4yertuo'
'themselfis,', they had to suffer for it, as tHo next
entry shows: '
44 4 November l8.-7A.nent the pair, it is thoet meit
that a visitation shall be:,^nd sic help shall be maid
to them that ar altogether vnable, that may not
travell to themselfis. And the young shall get no
almess but on condition that tha cum to school,
quhilk sa mooy as does shall be helpit; and the
manner of their help shall be: they shall haif thrie
hours granted to them everie day throw tho toun to
seek their meit, ane hour in the morning tranyn to
ten, at midday fra twell to ane, and at nycht Ira six
hours furth, and the peiple aie to be desired to bo
helpful to sic as will give themsel to any vertue, and
as for uthers to deall lyardly [sparingly] with them
to dryve themtoseik after venue.'
• 44 Besides compulsory attendance, two other prac-
tices, popularly reputed to bo of modern invention,
namely, official inspection and graduated instruc-
tion, were in vogue in those early days before the
Mayflower left the stocks. ;
44 4September 7,1600.—Item ancnt thegchooll. Agr'eid
with llcnerie Cunyngham that the puro of the touri-
shall be put to the [school] and,sa many of them as
has ingyne [genius] anil he taks paines vpon them"
