1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1075
The SPEAKER. It is in the power of the
House to take a recess, and this question will
be befci-a the House after the recess. That
does no. require unanimous consent; but if
1 he previous question should not be moved and
seconded to-night it could not be done imme-
diately after the reading of the Journal to-mor-
row, because the bill will not be before the
House until after the morning hour, and the
gentleman who has charge of the naval appro-
priation bill gives notice that immediately after
the reading of the Journal lie will claim the
attention of the Chair for the purpose of mov-
ing to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on that bill.
Mr. DAWES. By unanimous consent the
arrangement suggested by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfirld] can be made.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent
the previous question can be considered as
seconded at the close of the session this
evening.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, no.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. No vote is to
be taken to-night.
Mr. KERR. No session to-night.
Mr. COX. Gentlemen on this side of the
House want to speak on this question. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not
the floor for that purpose.
Mr. DAWES. If the House adjourns now
I understand that this bill will not come up
to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER. If the House adjourns
now the bill will come up after the morning
hour to-morrow, subject to the House going
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire in any arrange-
ment that may be made about this bill to
reserve the privilege of moving to recommit it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House take a recess until half past seven
o'clock, the evening session to be for debate
only upon this bill.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. KERR. I object.
Mr. HOAR. I understand that everybody
will consent to this proposition: that there
shall be an evening session for debate only,
and that at its close the previous question shall
be considered as ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to that.
Mr. HOAR. Let the previous question be
considered as ordered at the close of this
evening's session, and I will give half of the
hour to which I shall be entitled after the
main question is ordered to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.] I hope gentlemen
■will allow that arrangement to be made.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to have ten
minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. And I want the arrange-
ment to include my right to move to recommit
the bill.
Mr. HOAR. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will submit
tue proposition to the House. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] desires that
there shall be an evening session for debate
only upon this bill, and that at the close of
the evening session the previous question shall
be considered as ordered so as to bring the
bill over as unfinished business, to be taken
up immediately after the reading of the Jour-
nal to-morrow.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to that.
Mr. STEVENSON. What effect would that
have on proceeding to consider the bill to
repeal the income tax? I understood the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
who is not now in his seat to give notice that
he would to-morrow, immediately after the
reading of the Journal, move to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to consider that subject.
The SPEAKER. Of course that motion
could not be made until this bill was dis-
posed of.
Mr. HAY. I think we had better adjourn.
Mr. COX. We can arrange this matter to-
morrow.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Let us have an evening
session for debate. [Cries of "No! " "No!"]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is a motion to adjourn
in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I make that
motion.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Beck, Mr.
Sargent, and Mr. Negley managers of the
conference on the part of the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments of the Senate to the Military
Academy appropriation bill.
PENSIONS 10 SOLDIERS OF THE WAR OF 1812.
The SPEAKER also appointed Mr. Wil-
lard, Mr. Maynard, and Mr. Rice managers
of the conference on the part of the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill granting pensions to the surviving sol-
diers and sailors of the war of 1812.
enrolled joint resolutions.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled joint resolu-
tions of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same :
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 233) appro-
priating money to defray the expenses of the
select committee of the Senate appointed to
investigate alleged outrages in the southern
States; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 233) in favor
of JoshuaBishop, late a lieutenant commander
United States Navy.
NATIONAL EDUCATION.
Mr. HOAR. I will call the previous ques-
tion on the education bill.
Mr. KERR. I believe I have the floor on
that bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not my motion to
adjourn pending?
The SPEAKER. It is, and is the first
motion in order. Should the House vote down
the motion to adjourn, then it will be in order
to move the previous question on the bill before
the House.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to adjourn; and upon a division there were—■
ayes 73, noes 45.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
the Missouri Legislature, concerning proof of
settlement tinder homestead law.
By Mr. HILL: The petition of D. Drake
Smith and 80 others, citizens of New Jer-
sey, asking that a commission be appointed to
audit and determine the claims on account of
damages by the Alabama and other British
cruisers.
By Mr. LASH: The petition of Job Worth
and 116 others, citizens of Stokes and Surry
counties, in North Carolina, for a post route
from Danbury, in Stokes county, on the north
side of the Sauratown mountains, via the Rock
House, to Tom's Creek post office, in Surry
county.
By Mr. McKEE: The petition of W. H.
Mangum, of Yazoo county, Mississippi, for the
removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. REEVES: The petition of James
Gordon Bennett, jr., commodoreof New York
yacht squadron ; Franklin Osgood, Lawrence
R. Jerome, and other prominent citizens of
New York city interested in the navigation
of Long Island sound, praying for an appro-
| priation to improve the entrance to Huntington
[ harbor, on the north shore of Long Island,
New York.
By Mr. WELLS: A memorial of the Board
of Trade of St. Louis, Missouri, asking Con-
gress to authorize the construction of'a double-
track railroad by the Government on a more
central route to San Diego and San Francisco,
I on which every one shall be permitted to run
his trains, whether as an individual or an
incorporation.
By Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota: A memo-
rial from the citizens of Duluth, for an appro-
priation for harbor improvement.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BARRY: A petition for the removal
of the political disabilities of Lucius C. Frank-
lin, of Neshoba county, Mississippi.
By Mr. BIGGS: "The memorial of II. W.
Laws, James H. Bell, C. S. Watson, Governor
James Ponder, George Russell, and about 150
others, praying for the reestablishment of the
light-house at the mouth of Mispillion river, on
the Delaware bay.
By Mr. COX: The petition of C. H. Mar-
shall & Co., Grinnell, Minturn & Co., E. E.
Morgan's Sons, J. Thompson, Nephew & Co.,
and 100 others, merchants and ship-owners of
New York city, against the passage of subsidy
bills—the specious pretense of which is the
revival of American commerce—and demand-
ing as their right as American citizens to pur-
chase their ships in the cheapest market, as
thereby alone " we can compete with the rest
of the world."
By Mr. DARRALL: The petition of Eliza-
beth Gollier, praying for a pension.
By Mr. FINKELN BURG: A memorial of
IN SENATE.
" Thursday, February 9, 1871.
i Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
j man, D. D.
| The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
|; read and approved.
'! report on trade with canada.
1i The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
j Senate the concurrent resolution of the House
of Representatives relative to the printing of
1 extra copies of the report of the commissioner
! appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury
[ upon the trade between the United States and
the provinces of Canada:
: Jiesolverf by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring.1 That there be printed five thousand
, extra copies of the report of the commissioner ap-
( pointed by the Secretary of the Treasury " to exam-
! ine and report upon the trade between the United
! Scutes and the provinces of Canadatwo thousand
\ for the use of the House, one thousand for the use
i of the Senate, and two thousand for distribution in
the provinces.
The concurrent resolution was referred to
!■ the Committee on Printing.
! house bills referred.
: The following bill and joint resolutions re-
i ceived from the House of Representatives yes-
j terday were severally read twice by their titles,
j, and referred to the Committee on Finance :
j: A bill (H. R. No. 209i3) to authorize the
i Worthington National Bank of Cooperstown,
! New York, to change its name and location ;
: A joint resolution (II. R. No. 500) to remit
j, duties upon certain imported articles donated
| for the benefit of destitute citizens of France ;
j' and
!' A joint resolution (H. R. No. 490) author-
j' izing the Farmers' National Bank of Fort
! Edward, New York, to change its location
j and name.
I The bill (H. R. Nq. 2906) to amend an act
| entitled "An actfor the relief of Peter Mills,"
j, approved June 30, 1834, was read twice by its
j title, and referred to the Committee on Public
! Lands.
jj The bill (H. R. No. 2973) for the relief of
j' Thomas B, Valentine was read twice by its
I! title,
