1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1687
very s'lUeint'iit, of that fact. Everybody knows
that tlime is no necessity that that should be
that it is contrary to nil principles of busi-
ness and contrary to what the real truth ought
to be. He proceeds:
"Other routes, on which the mails arc required
to be convcyud with 'celerity, certainty, and secur-
ity.' "
Tli^se are the coach routes and the horse
routes, <tc.
"Other routes, oil which the mails arc required
to be conveyed with 'celerity, certainty, and secur-
ity length, 166,810 miles; annual transportation,
4^50,641 miles; annual cost, $5,049,598; about 11.13
cents i>er mile."
This is a trifle, only a fraction of a cent over
the cost of transportation by railway. Now,
sir, if there is any advantage in a railroad it
is to cheapen transportation and to increase
celerity; and yet for every mile that a railroad
has carried a letter during the past year it has
cost the Government just as much as it would
to carry it by coaches. There is something
wrong there. 1 beg ray friend from Minnesota
to understand that I am not complaining of
the Postmaster General. I expect that he is
going to correct this.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am not here speaking for
the Postmaster General in these matters. It
is the service that I am speaking of, and advo-
cating.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what I am advo-
cating.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to ask the
Senator from Vermont if there is anything in
the law to compel the railroad companies to
take mail matter at any prescribed price, or
whether the railroads caunot take mails or
leave them, as they choose. I do not under-
stand that there is anything to compel rail-
roads to take the mails; but they can take
them or leave them ; and they will not take
tliein unless the Government pays them the
price which they dictate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend is partly wrong
and partly right; but I will take him to be
entirely right tor the purpose of my argument.
There is a way to compel a good many of them
to do it; but I will take my friend, for my
purpose now, to be entirely right. Suppose
it to be true; it is just so with the transport-
ation of Government stores from one part of
the country to another, except over the Pacific
railroads, where they are obliged to do it. A
railroad is not bound to take our military
stores or our naval stores, or anything else
that we wish to send from here to New York.
What do we do? We do as all the business
men of the country do; we make special bar-
gains, we bring people, wherever we can, into
a competition, as can be done on through
routes largely, and thereby we are enabled to
diminish the expenditure of our service. It
can be done if you will only devote yourself
to it, just as you do it in all other cases of
transportation. I do not mean to say that
you are absolutely independent of the rail-
roads; but the railroads are mostly managed,
as I suppose, by respectable and patriotic busi-
ness men; and if they are told "the public
service requires that the sum coming in from
the Post Office Department should be made
more nearly to meet the annual expenditure
for it, and these gratuities, or subsidies, or
payments, whatever you call them, that we
are giving you are in excess of what they ought
to be," 1 expect that the railroad companies
will accede to our suggestion. I am happy to
understand from the Postmaster General that
since he has come into office he has in many
instances been able in this way to grade down
the compensation, as far as he has been able
to get at it. Some contracts run for a consid-
erable time and are as yet beyond his reach.
The same may be said, and still more, in aid
of the suggestion of the Senator from Iowa
as to steamboat routes, which are the most,
enormous in their compensation of any, out-
rageously so. It is very easy indeed for
the Postmaster General, particularly as to
steamboat routes, to bring methods to bear
which will reduce this enormous drain upon
the Treasury, and at the same time, I beg it to
be understood, not diminish the service. It
will only give us more service for less money,
and that my friend from Michigan is for. I
agree with him that we iio not wish to injure
the service, but we wish to save the public
money in this Department as in every otber.
This report contains a statement of the
steamboat routes upon which mails are carried,
giving all the steamboat routes and the sums
those steamers get; and it is well worth the
attention of Senators. I will not take up the
time of the Senate by reading from it now, but
if Senators will take the report of the Post-
master General, and at pages 74, 75, and 7C
read through the list of the steamboat routes,
the distances they travel, the number of trips
per week that they carry the mail—not trips
that they go on purpose to carry the mail, but
allowing the bags to be put on the steamers—
and then the compensation they get for it, I
have no hesitation in saying that it will be
clearly seen to be an abuse of the public ser-
vice which ought to be corrected, and it can
be corrected. But so long as these gentlemen
who have their eye on the Treasury see that
we keep up the appropriations, so that they
can still hold out against the Postmaster Gen-
eral and say, " Congress has provided money
enough for this; Congress does not suppose
we are asking too much, as ithas given enough
to pay us all, at the price we have been
receiving," the Postmaster General has not
the means of resisting their demands that he
otherwise would have.
1 do not wish, however, to enlarge upon this
point. If there is any branch of the public
service, any part of this bill in which we can
with safety to the public service make an eco-
nomical diminution of a few thousand dollars,
this very part of this bill is it; and if the Sea-
ate think it cannot be done here, I am sure I
do not know where it is that we are to find a
place for putting in practice that economy
which we have been preaching so much with
a view to meet the great evils which affect us
in a financial point of view. When you come
to gather together the estimates of appropria-
tion for this present session of Congress, and
the estimated income of the country, and the
appropriation bills that have already been re-
ported, I fear that instead of diminishing tax-
ation we shall be obliged to increase it in
order to meet the service of the very next year
unless in some way or other where these loop-
holes exist we can begin a reform.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the honor-
able Senator that the means of correcting any
abuse, if there be one, in the allowance of
extravagant rates of compensation for mail
transportation, either by railroad or ordinary
road, or by steamboat, is to prescribe a max-
imum beyond which the Postmaster General
shall in no case go. Indeed, that is already
done in regard to railroads, and we might do
it in regard to other modes of conveyance.
That, it seems to me, is the only possible way
of correcting any such abuse, if it exists.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend ought to have
brought forward a bill for that long ago.
Mr. HAMSEY. I did not think that there
was any abuse of that kind, or I should have
done so. If, however, the honorable Senator
had assisted me in bringing up the postal code
bill, ho would have found other remedies for
many evils that he has not thought of. But all
this matter of mail transportation is open to
competition ; and I believe there has been no
insinuation even that any other than the low-
est and best bidders receive the contracts for
mail transportation. There is nothing extra-
ordinary, there is nothing new in what the
Senator from Vermont suggests. The biddings
are open for everybody, and thoy are made
with the lowest and best biddeis.
Look at the extraordinary reduction the gen-
tlemen of the Committee on Appropriations
propose to make here upon the best service
the country gets. You vote forty or fifty mil-
lions to the Army ; you vote fifty, sixty, or
seventy millions to the Navy, and no one
objects; and here you reduce a small appro-
priation of $12,000,000 for inland transport-
ation by $800,000, on a close calculation, of
one half or one third of one per cent.; or
something like that. Then there is a small
appropriation for mail-carriers which the Com-
mittee on Appropriations propose to reduce by
$2,000; and so on throughout this bill. Those
little matters, supposed to be especially in
charge of the Postmaster General and his as-
sistants, you reduce by a few hundred or a few
thousand dollars, making an aggregate reduc-
tion of a few hundred thousand dollars in this
way. And yet this postal service is the service
which yields you a revenue that meets its own
expenditures, and it is the only service you
have in the Government that does anything
like that. It now comes within a few million
dollars of paying its way, whereas, formerly,
its annual deficiency was from five to six mil-
lions. This year the appropriation from the
general Treasury to meet the deficiency of the
Post Office is but two or three millions. Now,
I take it, if any great economical reform is to
be commenced, it is not in this Department
of the Government. The only reform you can
accomplish by a reduction of this appropri-
ation is a denial of service. You secure, so
far as the law can secure, the means of effect-
ing the service at the least possible rate, by
competition in bids. Therefore the effect of
reducing the appropriation for the postal
service is to deny the service, and that is prac-
tically effected by this amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. FLANAGAN. As a member of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
I should feel remiss if I did not say something
upon the subject now before the Senate. It
seems to be a fond object with many here to
speak about the reduction of the expenses of
this great Government, to be opposed to prodi-
gality, to fat jobs, and to various things, for
which they have a thousand different designa-
tions. These things we hear from Senators
of great ability. But, sir, this question of the
mail facilities of this great nation is no in-
considerable question. The peonle cannot
be accommodated as they should be without
means being furnished, and those means must
be ample. My distinguished and clear headed
friend from Vermont—for he always emi-
nently thus acquits himself conclusively to the
minds of his hearers, be they whom they may—
understands this matter very well. He is hap-
pily situated, and I am gratified to know that
he is established in his happy State ; but being
so located, he cannot see and realize the wants
of the great West. It is hard for him. with all
his ability, to appreciate the true facts pertaiu-
ing to the subject. He can read and theorize
and comment elegantly upon the report of the
Postmaster General. He tells us he does not
hold that officer directly accountable. No, sir,
his magnanimous feelings will not permit iiim
to do this. Now, for myself, I think that we
are blessed with a good Postmaster General,
and if any Department of this Government
should have a liberal margin accorded to it,
certainly it i3 the Post Office Department.
We are a growing people. We boast of our
forty millions now, and our increase is very
rapid. The rate of increase is well known ; it
is shown by figures, and may be looked to reli-
ably in the future even in grander proportions
than heretofore. All these facts admonish us
that there should be a margin given, and a
liberal one, instead of restricting and cutting
down this Department. Information is what
we desire to make this a greater Government
than it is, and to perpetuate its institutions and
its prosperity.
In this view, what is the sum spoken of,
eleven or twelve millions? It is only two bits
per head when scattered broadcast through
