250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
after that, if the motion to refer shall be re-
jected, that amendments shall be in order, with
five minutes' debate on each amendment, and
thatat three o'clock the final vote shall be
taken.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have been trying for
several hours to get the floor to say some things
that I feel it my duty to say, and I do not intend
to vote on this proposition as it now stands
until I shall have said them. I think it is due
to myself, and due to the respect the Senate
owes to itself, that some things should be said
which have not been said ; and therefore I can-
not consent to any arrangement which deprives
me of my right to make those suggestions.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my suggestion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
Mr. CASSEELY. I wish to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator from Oregon; and that
is, that he allow me to submit an appeal to the
majority in this Chamber. They have occu-
pied, with two exceptions quite insignificant
as to time, the whole of this day in a somewhat
heated personal discussion which occasionally
referred to the subject of debate, bat in the
main was, as I have said, a heated personal
controversy, which in many aspects of it was
far from agreeable to me, or, I believe, to any
gentleman of my way of thinking on this side
of the House. The result was, however, that
while I desired to speak upon this subject I
was very loth to intrude my speech, or my
wishes even, into the midst ofa seiiesofattacks,
and of explanations which were worse than
attacks, from the gentlemen who control the
power of this Senate; and it seems to me a
hard thing if that majority shall determine now,
alter such a session as we have had, to "sit it
out," as it is called, but which means really
by mere force of physical endurance to coin-
pel a termination of the debate before the
debate is properly or justly exhausted. I say
ir will be a hard thing if they insist upon that;
and 1 ask them, what is the advantage? This
resolution cannot pass the other body to-mor-
row, from what I understand of the condition
of business there.
What is gained if it shall be forced through
the Senate before the adjournment? Will any-
thing be gained? It is thrown over the holi-
days at all events, so far as the action of the
other House is concerned. Why not let us
adjourn and come together to-morrow, I hope
in better feeling toward each othtr, with cooler
intellects, and dispose of this question if we can
to-morrow? I see no reason why we cannot.
Perhaps the hour of three, named by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, is too short. But at all events
why can we not adjourn now and take up this
business to morrow and address ourselves to it?
I appeal to the members of the majority, who
have consumed the greater part of the time that
has been used on this subject, not to force an
all-night session.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDEN I1. The Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] is entitled to the floor.
Does heyield to the Senator from Ohio?
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 think it isa useless waste
of time, but I will yield.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire simply to state
that the two sides here have occupied just
about the same time to-day. It is not my prov-
ince, however, to pass any judgment on the
matter. We have got to dispose of this San
Domingo resolution, I think, to-day or to-mor-
row. We certainly ought not to carry this
heated discussion over uutil after the holidays,
when a great many gentlemen may come pre-
pared with elaborate dissertations upon it. I
think it is due to as, due to the Senate, as we
persist in absurd rules which prevent the major-
ity from doing what they think it right to do,
and require us to exhaust ourselves, that we
either sit this measure out to-night or agree
upon some time to-morrow to take the vote.
We must have a brief executive session before
we can enjoy the holidays; and therefore we
must either punish ourselves to'fiighWSr fbi-fego
our right to speak to-morrow. That is plainly
manifest. It is apparently impossible, how-
ever, to get an agreement, and therefore I think
it is better to make up our minds to sit it out
to-night.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I shall tax the patience
of the Senate but a few moments to discuss
one or two points made against this resolution
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thubmajt.]
Objection is made by him to the passage of
the resolution on the ground that Congress has
no constitutional power to acquire the island
of San Domingo. He argues that necessarily
the annexation, if made at all, must be effected
by a joint resolution, and that San Domingo
cannot be acquired in that way under the Con-
stitution of the United States. Now, sir, I
deny the soundness of that argument——
Mr. THURMAN. I did not say that San
Domingo could not be acquired by joint reso-
lution ; but I say that if you take her in in that
way you must take her in as a State.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand what the
Senator said. He contended that San Domingo
cannot be acquired except by a joint resolu-
tion ; a,nd that if it was acquired by a joint
resolution it must necessarily come into the
Union as a State.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator does not
mean to misstate my proposition  
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will hearwhat theSen-
ator says, as I do not wish to misunderstand
him.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not say that San
Domingo cannot be acquired except by joint
resolution, as the Senator just states. She
may be acquired by treaty, and then she may be
aken in as a Territory, as Louisiana was ; or
she may be acquired by joint resolution, and
then she comes in as a State ; but you cannot
acquire her by joint resolution as a Territory.
You must take her then under the power to
admit new States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is substantially what
I was about to state to the Senate. I under-
stood the Senator to insist that San Domingo
could only be acquired as a Territory and Dy
means of a treaty, and that as the former treaty
had been rejected by the Senate, necessarily
the island, it acquired at all, must be acquired
by a joint resolution, and then it must come in
as a Stale.
Mr, l'HURMAN. That is so.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No such conclusion need
follow from the passage of this resolution.
Suppose this resolution should pass, and a
commission appointed under it should report
information as to San Domingo which would
satisfy two thirds of this body that the island
ought to be annexed to the United States,
might not the treaty that has been rejected be
renewed without much difficulty ? Might not
a new treaty be negotiated ? Suppose this in-
formation should be conclusive upon all points
in controversy; suppose it should satisfy us
that the entire population of San Domingo was
in favor of annexation, which is the great ques-
tion in issue; suppose their report should sat-
isfy us that it was expedient in all points of
view to annex this island, and it should be
apparent that two thirds of the Senate would
be ready to ratify a treaty to that effect when
made, it would take but a few days to negotiate i
a new treaty or to renew the one that has been
rejected.
So, sir, it does not at all follow that this
commission would be useless even admitting
the doctrine maintained by the Senator to be
correct, which I controvert. Suppose it should
be necessary to pass a joint resolution in order
to acquire San Domingo, I should be glad to
know upon what part of the Constitution the
Senator predicates the argument that it must
necessarily be broughtinto the Union as a State.
He referred to one provision of the Constitu-
tion, section three of article four, which pro-
vides that ''new States may be admitted by the
Congress into this Union," and argues that
therefore this island cannot be acquired as a
territory by joint resolution, but must neces-
sarily be acquired as a State, and he proceeds
to point out some imaginary evils that would
follow from the introduction of San Domingo
as a State into the Union. Subdivision two
of section three of article four provides for the
territory of the United States. Subdivision
one of section three of said article makes pro-
vision for States, but subdivision two of the
same section provides for the territory of the
United States, and reads as follows :
" The Congress shall have power to dispose of and
make all needful rules and regulations respecting
the territory or other property belonging to tho
United States."
Provision there is made for "the territory
of the United States," and some doctrines are
settled as to that provision of the Constitution.
One is that foreign territory may be acquired
by the Government of the United States. I
suppose that doctrine may be considered as
incontrovertibly settled since the acquisition
of the territory of Louisiana. Another is that
the Government of the United States may or-
ganize territorial governments upon the foreign
territory so acquired. Territorial governments
have been organized upon the territory acquired
by the purchase of Louisiana, and upon por-
tions of the territory obtained from Mexico,
and a proposition is now pending in Congress
to organize a territorial government for Alaska.
I can see no difficulty in acquiring the island
of San Domingo as territory by joint resolution,
if it be within the power of the Government of
the United States to acquire foreign territory
in some other way, which is a settled doctrine
of this Government. Sir, upon what authoiity
does the Senator affirm that the only way the
island of San Domingo can be acquired as ter-
ritory is through a treaty negotiated between
San Domingo and the Government of the
United States ?
Mr. THURMAN. Does the Senator want
my answer now ? I can give it in a few words.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no objection if
the Senator wishes to answer.
Mr. THURMAN. It is simply this : that I
believe, not only with all the fathers of the
Constitution, bat with the expounders of it of
all parties, a doctrine affirmed as strongly by
Daniel Webster as it was by John C. Calhonn,
that the Government of the United States has
no powers except such as are delegated to it
by the Constitution ; and that the absence of a
delegation is just as fatal to a power as would
be its express prohibition; and that nowhere
in the Constitution is the power granted to
the General Government to acquire territory in
any other way than by treaty, and by conquest,
of course, which would follow war. You may
acquire by conquest as an incident to the war-
making power; but in time of peace, when
there is 110 war, there is no other power con-
tained in the Constitution conferred upon the
Government under which it can lawfully acquire
territory as mere territory, except the treaty-
making power.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, as I under-
stand the history of this country, when it was
proposed at an early day to acquire foreign
territory through a treaty it was objected that
the Constitution did not confer upon the Gov-
ernment of the United States any power what-
ever to acquire foreign territory. Then it was
argued precisely as the Senator now argues :
but it was held by the fathers of the Republic
to whom he refers that by implication the
Government of the United States had power
to acquire foreign territory, and that decision
has been affirmed and reaffirmed until all con-
troversy about it has now ceased. Power to
make treaties is expressly conferred ; but the
power to acquire foreign territory in that way
is simply an inference from the power to nego-
tiate treaties. The Constitution contemplates
territory to be owned bvthe United States
to be treated as "the property" of the Uni-
ed States, and upon which the Government
01 blie united States may org&nize tet'fitorial
