1076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBfr
February 9,
The VICE PRESIDENT. ,The bill will be
referred to the Committee .on Private Land
Claims., . .
Mr. WILLIAMS, I thiifk there is a bill
reported from thp Committer on Private Land
Claims of a e}mi),ai;,import .now on.the Calfeh-
dar, so that.tbip b'U inight Jie-qh the t,able;.. ■
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
011 the table. " ..
" ISXBCUTIW COMMUNICATION:
Tlife VICE PRBSIDEiVp IkM befoffe fflg
Senate it letffer df the SectetkrJ oF the liitei-ior,
ebhiihtiriieatltig; ih cBlri{>Ha.jit*e with it rijSola-
tib'it of the Seriat'6 of tlife 2d instant, the iil-
formation in possession of his Department
pehaihing lo the early laboH.of the tnis-
SiohaHeS bf the American Bo'Srd df CBtiimis-
sioners lor FtiHdgn Slisgibiis (ft Ojegori, feom-
rtieiffcing in 1838; vcliich'was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and Brdel-ed tb
be pflnted.
l'lSTl'MOSS AND SlKiiORIAL'S.
Mr. PRATT. I present the petition of John
IL-Peck ana suiidry other citizeifs of Logans-
port, Indiana. Tliey say that riianuf('actared
tobacco, siiiiif, and cigars, having paid tile in-
ternal revenue tax as manufactured goods,
ought, including leaf tobacco, to be treated as
general merchandise, and not be subject to a
tax on sales. They further pray that ihe special
tax and license of retail dealers who sell cigars,
snuff, and tobacco, but who do .not make it
their whole business, such as retail liquor deal-
ers or keepers of hotels, inns, taverns, or eat-
ing-houses, druggist?, grocers, and all of such
class, should be abolished. I move the refer-
ence of this petition to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I present also the petition
'of L. W. Trafton, of Henderson county, Ken-
tucky, praying for the removal of his political
disabilities. Sundry citizens of the county of
Henderson, State of Kentucky, concur in this
petition, and it is likewise indorsed by the
Governor of Indiana, as follows:
"I know Mr. Trafton well iti his youth and early
manhood, and believehiin to bo worthy of thereliof
prayed lor. I tberelorejoin in asking that his appli-
cation may he granted."
I move the reference of this petition to the
select Committee on thfe Removal of Political
Disabilities.
The moiion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
John Kerr Connally, of Richmond, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. BLA1K presented a concurrent resolu-
tion of the General Assembly of the State of
Missouri, instructing their Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress to labor for an amend-
ment to the homestead act approved May 20,
1802; which was referred to the Committee 011
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of Alex-
ander Goble, late of company F, sixty-third
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, praying the
allowance of bounty claimed to be due him and
remaining unpaid; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS presented additiona papers in
relation to the claim of Ellen Anderson, pray-
ing compensation for services rendered by her
late husband in recruiting soldiers for the
Army of the United States during the war of
the rebellion ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee o'ri Claims.
OYSTHll ISLAND.
Mr. S TOCKTON. I submit the following
resolution:
J'emh^ed. Thai the .Secretary he directed to request
the House ol .Representatives to return to the Sen-
ate fhe joint, 1 esolut iou (S. It. No. 23o) ceding to the
btateol xsew York Oyster Island, m the harbor of
rlew York, which passed the Senate and was sent
It? ,°i Heprefcentatives for concurrence on
the 6th of February.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator'asks
unanimous consent to have this order made;
that, a .motion to reconsider may bfe entered
011 the joint.reSolution when it is returned. Is
there objection? The Chair hears noiiej and
the order is made:
ufei?okTS op boiiMiTftiiS.
Mr. EijMUNbS, from tlie Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the.bill (H. R.
No. 2302) granting a pension to Caroline V.
Cram, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1087J granting a
pfensioii tes Mary B. Collins, reported it with an
ailiendmeilt; 8nd submitted a report; Mich
was ordered ttf Bfe fsrihtfed;
Mr: EDMUNDS. ThfesArfie bornmittee, to
wlibrii "was referred thfe petition bf Slaurice
Fitzharris, praying for arreki-s of fifetiisibri,
report adversely oti the satne principle up'ori
which we have reported in similar cases.
Tjie committee Was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee, to
whom was referrfed the petition of Joseph M.
Bucklaud, a soldier of the war of 1812, pray-
ing for a pension, ask to be discharged from
its further consideration without expressing
any opinibri oh its merits, inasmuch as the act
ori this subject frill probably covers his case;
The cbtnrtiittee was discharged frote the
furthte'r (jonsidfei-atlon of the petition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee, to
whom feiis referred the petition of Martha K.
Shepherd, Who claims a pension as a depend-
ent mother, are bf opinion that she being en-
tilled Under the general law, if she can make
out her case, there is no ground for action by
Congress, arid we therefore ask tobe dischai-ged
from the further corisideratiori of the case, aiid
move that she have leave to withdraw her peti-
tion and papers.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Th esame committee, to
whom was referred the petition of John Con-
ley, praying for an increase of pension, report
that his claim is for the correction of ah error
of judgment in a medical examination. We
think it is impossible for us, not being sur-
geons, to determine questions of that kind.
We therefore ask to be discharged froiii its
consideratibn.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS.. The sanie committee,-to
whom was referred the petition of Emily
Hooe, praying for arrears of pension which
she claims should have .been granted to her
under a special act for her relief, passed in
1854, think we cannot „revise the action of
Congress at that time, and therefore ask to
be discharged from the further consideration
of the petition.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee; to
whom were referred the petitions of Thomas
Pool and Nimrod Hinds; praying to' be allowed
pensions, report that they claim as soldiers of
the war of 1812, and are covered by the gen-
eral bill how pending and which will probably
soon become a law. We therefore ask to be
discharged from the further consideration of
these petitions.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We also ask to be dis-
charged from the consideration of petitions
of citizens of Maine for th# same purpose.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee, to
whom was referred the memorial of citizens
of Jasper county, Iowa, praying that a pension
be granted to Phineas Thornton of that county,
who claims as a dependent father, report that
if he can make out his case he is entitled to a
pension under the general law, and therefore
110 legislation is necessary in his behalf. We
therefore ask to be discharged frsm the further
consideration of the memorial, and move that
leave be granted to Withdraw the papers.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr: EDMUNDS. The same committee, to
whom-ivas referred the petition of Joseph Mil-
let, praying to be allowed a pension, report
that this is a question bf contested evidence as
to the period when the disability occurred. It
has been carefully exatbined both by the War
Department.and the Pension Bureau, and we
think their judgment is probably right. We
risk, thereforfe, to be discharged from its further
consideration.
The report wis agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee, lo
whom was referred the petition of William
Rutherford, praying to be allowed a pension
for services in the war of 1812, report that if
he can make out the facts which he claims,
though he has never applied to the Pension
Office, he is entitled under the general law.
We therefore ask to be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition, and move
that the petitioner have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 301) to author-
ize the Postmaste'r General to settle the ac-
counts of W. V. Rinehart, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its. indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, fro In the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom fras referred the bill (S. No.
1307) to carry out treaty stipulations with the
Choetaw Indians, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs; which was
agreed to.
Mr. RICE. In connection with that subject,
I move that the memorial of Peter P. Pitchlyn,
which was presented at the same time that the
bill was, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the petitions of
Margaret Rogers, Jane Wallace, and Magda,-
lena Statzer, praying for arrearages of pension,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred a petition of citizens, praying
for an act gianting pensions to the soldiers
of 1812, and the petition of Benoni Jones,
asking for a pension, asked to bfe discharged
from their further consideration, they being
covered by a general bill lately passed; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1091) granting
a pension to Daniel Briggs, a soldier of the
war of 1812, reported adversely theieon, the
case being provided for in the geneial bill,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Co mmittee on
Commerce, to whom was referred '.he bill
(S. No. 1301) in relation to railroad bridges
across the Mississippi river, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the Chamber of
Commerce of San Diego, California, praying
that that city may be designated as a port of
entry, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee 011
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of C. O. F. Clark, praying for an increase
ol pension, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 132G) granting a pension lo
Charles O. F. Clark.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R, No. 2810) grant-
