1688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
the Union. It is nothing when you come to
look at it, when the facts really present them-
selves.
Railroads are spoken of.^ I am gratified to
know that railroads are carrying a vast number
of immigrants to the far West—in every direc-
tion, to the Northwest, and to the Southwest
so' that the entire country is being populated.
How would it be populated' in the absence
of railroads? It could not be done. Since
I left my home in Texas the Southern Pacific
railroad, a bill in regard to which we have
now under consideration here, has made a
' town that has grown up as by magic, as though
Aladdin had been there with his lamp, and
rubbing it a little, the genii had responded.
I hope to get home at an early day, and when
I do I shall not land where I did on that road
in coming here. I shall be able to go by rail
further west. Thus it is progressing every
time I come here and return. That is a
happy state of things.
I am importuned here almost daily for mail
routes and mail facilities throughout my State ;
and if my distinguished friend who represents
so ably the State of Vermont was a repre-
sentative of the State of Texas he would not
see things to-day as he does ; his glasses would
be different, because his constituents would be
writing him by every mail imploring him to
call upon the Postmaster General and obtain
service from such and such points to such and
such points; from this railroad depot to that
cross-roads; and so on throughout the country.
People are pouring into my State now in hun-
dreds of thousands; and when I say hundreds
of thousands I speak correctly; and they want
mail facilities.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend
from Texas one question?
Mr. FLANAGAN. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I entirely agree with my
friend as to the propriety of increasing facili-
ties for Texas ; but I ask him it' he would not
be willing, as a representative from that, beau-
tiful State, to take a portion of the $52,000
now paid for steamboat service for a few hun-
dred miles, perhaps two hundred miles, in
Texas three times a week, to diminish that
compensation a little and use part of the same
money to establish a new service somewhere,
and pay a reasonable price for transporting the
mail on that?
Mr. FLANAGAN. My friend knows what
the response is. Surely, it would be in the
affirmative; but- it is astonishing to me that so
distinguished a mind should propound au inter-
rogatory of that kind. He knows the answer,
but. can he apply it? I will illustrate it, and
answer his interrogatory farther. The other
day we had an animated discussion here, which
continued for a considerable period, as to the
increase of the salaries of the district judges
of the United States. That is directly in point
now. What did that .contemplate ? Salaries
must be increased because we want judges
of the best minds and the finest ability. Did it
contemplate that one single judge who was in
office would retire? Did the law require him
to do so? There was no such intimation. Is
there any Senator here in whose State there
is a single judge that proposes to resign in-
stead of receiving the increased salary? Not
one. Then apply the same argument here.
Is there any mail contractor now who is going
to give up his " fat job," if he has one? Not
one. They will adhere to t.hein and continue
them as long as their bids are accepted. What
is the power of the Postmaster General in that
particular? He invites bids, proclaims, as it
were, on (he house-tops; he publishes, adver-
tises through the proper channels, that lie will
receive bids for certain mail service, and when
the bids are received the contracts are awarded
to tl.e Inwest and best bidders. The mail
service must, <r > on. and the Postmaster Gen-
eral must contiact for it. It is to be presumed
that in many instances there will be imposition.
There has been imposition in our nation from
its earliest period, and I suppose there will be
for all time to come. Man will not see per-
fection in his day, and thus it is that we still
find the same order of things progressing as
heretofore. Mail service and mail facilities,
however, cannot be dispensed with, and liberal
action on the part of the Government is ex-
pected to continue them.
Besides, I do not think it is to the interest
of the Government, in this instance, to reduce
this service. Let this broadcast proposition
go out throughout this mighty Union of vari-
ous States, "We have come here and voted
very liberally half a million or a million dol-
lars to embellish, to adorn, to extend the Capi-
tol grounds and buildings," and you will find
that it is a matter which the people cannot so
readily appreciate the necessity for, and they
are not prepared to say, " Well done, good
and faithful servants; you have withheld mail
service from us, and you have embellished the
Capitol that you are permitted to sit in." I
think the people will say, " We do not like
that state of things; we want the benefits to be
equal and broadcast;" aud then they may
well say, "Well done." I am for liberal action
with regard to this branch of the Government.
It is one of the main pillars of our edifice.
Information is what our people desire, and the
Post Office Department disseminates informa-
tion. I hope this reduction will not be made.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Vermont objects to this appropria-
tion ; but he has not offered any amendment
whereby we may decrease the expenses of the
service. It seems to me that the only way to
decrease the expenses of railroad mail service
in this country is upon each road to place
agents to weigh the amount of mail matter
transported upon the line. You will have
your special agents upon those lines, and pay
the roads according to a certain scale which
is fixed. The law fixes a maximum rate,
which is now, I think, $325 per mile, or some-
thing like that. That is the largest amount
which can be paid, and each railroad tries to
get as much of it as it can. If it is a railroad
that is doing a very small' amount of mail ser-
vice it claims that it should be paid a greater
amount/than it is receiving. These claims are
constantly made upon the Department, and
there is no way of determining the amount
ofservice performed by each company. Now,
if the Post Office Committee would report a
bill requiring the postal agents to weigh the
amount of mail matter on each road for a
month, or for three months, and ascertain the
exact quantity transported, and graduate the
price to be paid according to the amount of
service, a great good would be done and a
great reduction would be effected in the
amount of money paid, in my opinion.
Mr. RAMSEY, I suggest to the honorable
Senator that the weighing of the mails is a
matter within the discretion of the Post Office
Department. It has been done several times.
Mr. CORBETT. That may be very true;
but you have no law prescribing the amount
of money to be paid in accordance with the
amount of service performed. The only proper
way is to adjust the amount of money to be
paid in accordance with the amount of mail
matter transported.
With regard to contracts for carrying the
mail by coaches and on horseback, there is
nothing to prevent bidders from combining
against the Government and raising the price
to a higher amount than is necessary for the
performance of the service. Let me state how
it might be done. A number of bidders, a
dozen perhaps, bid on a particular route. It
is true they are required to give security, but
as to many the security is not sufficient. They
are mere straw bidders. When it is ascertained
that there are men bidding who are not respons-
ible, what is the consequence? Perhaps nine
out of ten who are below the highest bidder
will withdraw their bids for a consideration,
and the highest bidder buys them oif. In other
words, they withdraw their bids, and the Post
Office Department has not power to enforce,
or does not enforce, the law against the under-
bidden. I believe they have never prosecuted
one, or if they have done so they have never
collected any money.
I offered a resolution here a year ago, and
tried. to have it adopted as an amendment
to a bill of the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart.] I called the attention of the Sen-
ator from Vermont to that measure then, and
asked that my resolution be embodied in it.
He opposed it at that time, and suggested
that it should not be put on that bill, but should
be put on the Post Office appropriation bill,
or something of that kind. Now, I ask that
this resolution of mine be read, and let us
see if we cannot adopt it upon the Post Office
appropriation bill, to guard against these
abuses. I ask that the Secretary read, for
the information of the Senate, the resolution
which I offered on the 18th of March of last
year on this subject.
The Secretary read the resolution referred
to, as follows:
" Resolved, That the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads be, and they are hereby, instructed to
inquire into the expediency of enacting a law re-
quiring that ail bidders, upon every mail route, for
the transportation of mails upon the same, shall
hereafter accompany their bids (where they exceed
$5,000) with a certified check or draft of some reliable
banking-house or institution, which check oi draft
shall not be less than ten per cent, on the annual
amount that they would receive in any one yenr
under any such bid. In case any bidder should fail
to enter into good and sufficient bonds, and to faith-
fully carry out their eontraet, such bidder or bidders
shall forfeit the amount so deposited."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye ia
the chair.) Does the Senator move this as an
amendment.?
Mr. CORBETT. Not. now. I propose to
offer it at the proper time.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator allow me to
make a suggestion to him ? I have no objection
to his offering that at the proper time, but
certainly this is not that time.
Mr. CORBETT. I have not offered it; but
I have a right to have the resolution read for
the information of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. We have all the information it
contains then. I am anxious to get on with
the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no doubt the Sen-
ator is very anxious to get on with the bill;
but I am very anxious to protect the public
Treasury from these abuses, and I do not know
of a more proper time to offer these suggestions
than upon this appropriation bill. If ten bid-
ders bid upon a route, and they put up ten per
cenit. of the probable amount of the service,
supposing the contract to amount to $10,000,
then each oneputsup$1,000, being$10,000. If
any one of them fails to comply he forfeits his
bid. Then if the highest bidder attempts to buy
up the nine bidders below him, and they with-
draw their bids or fail to comply, they forfeit
their §9,000. Thus the highest bidder cannot
afford to buy off those below him. If we adopt
such a provision as this we shall protect the
public Treasury and prevent straw bidding and
prevent corruption, which is practiced by many
bidders. It is impossible for the Post Office
Department to enforce economy in this matter
without some provision of law enabling the
Department to prevent bids of thig kind from
being received. In order to do that we must
have a law by which we can protect the Treas-
ury. In the mean lime, without such a law, it
seems to me we cannot reduce the expenses of
the Department, but must appropriate money
according to the estimates of the Department.
Therefore, I shall vote for the appropriation in
the bill until some law is made which will
enable the Department to protect itself.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Does the Senator pro-
pose to have a president to the.insurance com-
pany that he is now suggesting?
Mr. CORBETT. What president and what
insurance company does the gentleman mean?
Mr. FLANAGAN. The one the Senator is
