1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1077
ing a pension to James A. Buck, reported it
without amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Bridgman
praying for a pension, asked to be discharged
from ics further consideration, it being covered
by the recent general law granting pensions
to the soldiers of the war of 1812; which was
agreed to.
Mr. STEARNS, from the Committee on
Patents, to whom was referred the bill (II.
R. No. 23-50) for the relief of Stephen Hall,
reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 280) for the relief of Carlton
A. Uber, reported it with an amendment;
and submitted a report, which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1089) to secure wages to seamen in case
of wreck,' reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1269) to establish
the collection district of Tampa, in the State
of Florida, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce, to whom were re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 1199) to create ports
of delivery at Eureka and Wilmington, in
California, and also the joint resolution (S.
It. No. 273) to fix the compensation of the
surveyor of customs at Vallejo, California,
lo report them back and move their indefinite
postponement.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I am also instructed by
ihe same committee to report a new bill and
recommend its passage as a substitute for the
bills just postponed indefinitely.
The bill (S. No. 1327) to create ports of
delivery at Eureka and Wilmington, in Cali-
fornia, and provide for appointment of deputy
collector for Vallejo, California, and to abol-
ish tlieolliceof surveyor of said port, was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (EE. R. No.
2290) granting a pension to William Sickles,
reported it without amendment; and submitted
a report, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to whom
was relet red a memorial of soldiers of the war
of 1812. praying to be placed on the same foot-
ing in respect to pensions as soldiers of the
late war, have had the same under considera-
tion, and ask to be discharged from the further
consideration of this memorial. We (ind on
examination that the act of July 25,1800, con-
tains a provision covering this case, it is:
" That the provisions of the net of July H, 1SG2,
mid the ictssupplementary thereto and amendatory
thereof, arc, so t.ir as applicable, extended to the
pen?ioneis under previous laws, except revolution-
ary soldiers.''
As that seems to meet this ease, we ask to
be discharged from the. further consideration
of (he memorial.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT, Thesame committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Tennes-
see, praying that a pension be granted to Mary
Lambert, have bad the same under consider-
ation, and ask to be discharged from its further
consideration. There is no proof accompany-
ing the petition showing that Mrs. Lambert is
entitled to a pension.
The report was agreed to,
Mr. PRATT. Thesame committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Samuel Kilborn,
praying for an increase of pension, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration,
as there is no proof submitted to the commit-
tee of any of the facts stated in the petition.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to whom
were referred sundry papers connected with
the petition of Mrs. Phebe SoS&ld, widow of
Lewis Sofield, a soldier of the revolutionary
war, have had the game under consideration,
and ask to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the case, upon the ground that
the Senate has recently passed a bill covering
this case.
The report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1250) to regulate
tjie compensation of pension agents, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to, and the bill was post-
poned indefinitely.
IIORSE RAILWAY ON ROCK ISLAND.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 1276) to authorize the
construction and use of a horse railway upon
and over the island of Bock Island in the
State of Illinois, and the bridges erected and
being erected by the United States, connecting
the cities of Davenport and Rock Island there-
with, to report it. back with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute.
Mr. HARLAN. I should be very glad if
the Senate would allow that bill to be put on
its passage. I do not think there will be atiy
objection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent. Is there objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The substitute ought to
be printed.
The^ VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Verment desires that the substitute be
printed.
Mr. WILSON. It is only one section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If there is only one sec-
tion I withdraw the objection.
Mr. HARLAN. It is a matter of great
local importance, and 1 hope it will be allowed
to be considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont withdraw the objection ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir, until I hear it
reported.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill!
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out all
after the enacting clause and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That the Secretary of War be. and he is hereby,
authorized and empowered to have located and
built, in such manner as he may deern^ fit, upon the
island of Rock Island, in the State of Illinois, and
upon the bridges connecting it with the cities of
Davenport, Iowa, and Itock Island, Illinois, a con-
tinuous line of double-track passenger railway, at
tlie expense of the Davenport City Railway Com-
pany, incorporated under the laws of the'State of
Iowa, the -Ntolme and Rock Island Horse ilsitn'.iy
Company, incorporated by act oHhe General Assem-
bly of the State of Illinois, and J. W. Spencer and
Thomas J. Robinson, owners and proprietors of the
ferry franchise between the cities of Itoek Island,
Illinois, and Davenport, Iowa, who shall have the
privilege of operating tnesuid railway at their own
expense, under such regulations and restrictions as
to the times and manner of riiunmj the ears, the
keeping of the roadways and tracks in repair, and
the rates of fare, as the Secretary of War shall from
tune to time prescribe, the said privilege to be at
all times liable to suspension by the Secretary of
War whenever, in his judgment, thepublie interests
may demand it.
Sec. 2. A.nd be it further eiweted, Xil.lt the said
companies shall be required, whenever so directed
by the Postmaster General, to carry the mails of the
tinited States to and from the cities of Davenport,
Iowa, and Sock Island, Illinois, and shall have no
claim for compensation for such service beyond that
which may be ordered to be paid, as in his view
equitable and just, by the Postmaster General.
Sue. 3. Ami it fmljter enritted, Xhat it any per-
son or persons shall willfully and unnecessarily
obstructor impede the passage on or over said iail-
way.orany part thereof, or shall injure or destroy
the cars, or any proporty belonging to said com-
panies, the person or persons so offending shall lor-
feit and pay for every sucu offense thestim of twenty
dollars to said companies, and shall remain liable,
in addition to said penalty, tor any loss or damage
occasioned by his, her, or their acts as aforesaid^ and
that suits therefoir may i<-' h.id in the courts of the
I United States, or in any State, county, or municipal
' court in the county or eify in which said companies
I arc located having jurisdiction in similar cases.
I Mr. EDMUNDS. Before that substitute
is agreed to, I wish to move to amend it by
inserting the words " or revocation" after
the word " suspension," in the first section.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the title of the
bill was amended so as to read, " A bill to
empower the Secretary of War to establish,
under certain conditions, a horse railway upon
and over the island of itock Island and the
bridges erected by the United States connect-
ing the cities of Davenport and Rock Island
therewith."
order Off business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
postpone all other business and proceed to the
consideration of the resolution authorizing Mr.
Miller, Senator-elect from Georgia, to take the
same oath as was taken J>y Mr. Hill.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope that will not be
done until we complete'the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent, as the morning business is not
half completed.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope we shall be
allowed to complete the morning business
first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought that, being in
the nature of a privileged motion, it could be
considered now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not a privileged
motion.
Mr*. TRUMBULL. However I will not
interoose as against the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Even questions
of privilege, except those arising in the pres-
ence of the Senate, or something of that char-
acter, cannot set aside the morning business
unless by unanimous consent." Reports of com-
mittees are* still in order.
ar.uy register.
Mr. ANTHONY. Iam directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a
resolution for printing extra copies of the Army
Register, to report it back without amend-
ment, and to ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, tha resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows:
Rexolved, That fifteen hundred additional copies
of the Army Begister for 1371 be printed for the use
of the Senate.
navy register..
Mr. ANTHONY. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred a reso-
lution for printing extra copies of the Navy
Register, to report it back without amend-
ment, and to ask for its present considetalion.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as toliows:
EewHved, That fifteen hundred additional copies
of the Navy Register for 1K71 bo punted tor the use
of the Senate.
REPORT Of COMMISSIONER OK EDUCATION",
Ml'. ANTHONY. I am also directed by
the same committee, to whom was referred a
concurrent tesolution for printing additional
copies uf the report of the Commissioner of
Education, to report it back without amend-
ment ; and I ask for its present consideration.
i he Senate proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing resolution:
Rwived by the House of Representatives, (tho Sen-
ate eoncurring.) That there be printed ol tho report,
of the Commissioner of Education for the year
twenty thousand extra copies, of which eiieat thou-
sand shall be fur the use of the Department ot hdn-
cation. tMghf thousand for the u*o oi tho liuu^c, uiui
four thous.md for the uso ot the Senate.
