1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1689
proposing iu that amendment he has just had
read.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not understand the
point of the Senator.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Perhaps, then, I did not
understand the resolution.
Mr. CORBETT. The resolution speaks for
itself. I think it can be understood, if read,
by any Senator.
Mr. COLE. I am very anxious that we
should get over the first obstacle in this bill.
We stumble on the very first amendment to
the bill. There are a good many ; and if only
a very small proportion of them consume this
amount of time we shall not get through the
bill to day or to-morrow.
Mr. ROSS. The obstacle upon which we
are now stumbling, as suggested by the hon-
orable Senator from California, is this very
amendment which has been brought in by the
Committee on Appropriations. If that had
been out of the way there would have been no
trouble about carrying the bill through, so far
as that point at least is concerned.
A statement was made a few minutes ago by
the honorable Senator from Michigan which,
to my mind, ought to govern the action of the
Senate on this question, and that was that the
Postmaster General had assured him that not
a dollar outside of this appropriation would
be paid by him for the extension of mail ser-
vice and the support of that system. In other
words, not a mile of additional service will be
put on the routes unless there is money enough
in this appropriation to warrant it. What kind
of condition will that leave us in at the West ?
We are importuned almost daily for the exten-
sion of miles upon miles and hundreds of miles
of mail service m the States and Territories
of the West. How are we going to get it un-
less an appropriation is made here which will
warrant the Postmaster General in giving it
to us? We know that this extension of mail
routes is needed; we know that the people are
going into that country by hundreds of thou-
sands every year, and there is no way of secur-
ing them a weekly mail even, especially in
view of this declaration of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, unless we make provision in advance for
payment, of the necessary expenses of carrying
the mails to them.
I rose principally to suggest to those rep-
resenting the more densely peopled States in
the East and elsewhere that it is hardly fair,
it is hardly generous and candid, in them, now
that they find themselves in a condition where
they need no more mail service, no increase of
service, to say to us in the West, who do need
it, that we shall not have it.
Mr. COLE. As I understand it the Post-
master General has stated to some Senator that
he will only perform so much service as can be
done with the appropriation. We expect that
that will be the case, no matter what the
appropriation may be, whether great or small.
He has already been going in the direction
of economy in reference to the service upon
steamboats and railroads. As fast as the con-
tracts expire he is grading them down; he is
acting in the interest of economy. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations believed he could
get along with the sum that is embodied in the
amendment and perhaps keep the service up
to its present high standard. I only ask for a
vote on the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Appropriations commencing on
line nine.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We may as well test the
question on this item. I therefore ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. This amendment reduces
the amount below that proposed by the House
of Representatives, I believe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.; It does; it
reduces the amount something like a million
of dollars.
Mr. HARLAN. Below the estimates.
Mr. HOWELL. Below the estimates and
below the House appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The original
appropriation stood $12,000,329; the amend-
ment reduces it to $11,518,844.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it would be bad
economy to reduce the mail service. It does
cost the Treasury something in excess of the
receipts, but I think no expenditure can be
more wisely made than this, if we desire to
extend our settlements on the frontiers and
thus build up a compact community across the
continent. I can scarcely conceive of an argu-
ment that would sustain the proposition of the
Committee on Appropriations to reduce the
sum. We never have attempted to make the
mail service absolutely self-sustaining in the
new States and Territories. In making this
observation I say nothing for my own State;
for I believe an examination of the reports of
the Post Office Department will show that the
receipts in Iowa are in excess of the expend-
itures, that there is a surplus paid into the
Treasury from the mail service in that State;
but no new State can be settled up without
expenditures of this kind in excess of the
receipts. This has always been done. Con-
gress has always made appropriations for the
purpose of furnishing the frontier settlers in
sparsely settled communities mail facilities in
excess of receipts; and I hope the policy may
not be changed now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Cole, Conkling, Davis,
Edmunds, Fen ton, Hamilton oi Maryland, Hamlin,
McUreery, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer. Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull, and
V lckers—17.
IN AYS—Messrs. Abbott. Boreman, Buckingham,
Casserly, Chandler, Corbett, Flanagan, Gilhert,,
Hamilton of Texas, Ilarlan, Harris, Hill, Howard,
Howell, Kellogg, Miller, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Reveis, Rice, Ross, Stearns, Thayer, Tip-
ton, "Willey, Williams, and Yates—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Brown-
low, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Cragin, Ferry,
Fowler, Howe, Johnston, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Pool, Pratt, Robertson, Schurz,
Scott, Spencer, Stewort, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
man, Warner, and Wilson—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill. The next amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was on page. 1, in
line twelve of section one, to reduce the appro-
priation "for pay of mail messengers" from
$506,214 to $504,938.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say a word or
two about the amendments which follow now
from the twelfth line to the end of the twenty-
fifth line. They are all exactly according to
the estimates of the Department, if the esti-
mates were correctly made according to their
own data. The experience of the last hour
does not satisfy me that the Senate is very
much in earnest about its desire for economy.
There is a saving I should think of between
fifty and sixty thousand dollars in these items,
and the figures put in are exactly what the
estimates would be if they were carried out
according to the increase of 1870 over the year
1869.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is, if the figures had
been duly carried out on the basis of the Post
Office Department.
Mr. SAWYER. If they had been carried
out exactly on the basis furnished by the
Post Office Department.
Mr. RAMSEY. The increase of this item
of mail messengers for 1870 over 1869 was
eighteen and eighty-nine hundredths per cent.
Of course in so large an affair as this there
must be some margin for contingencies. The
estimate of the Department is nineteen per
cent.; that is all; and if the reduction proposed
by the Committee on Appropriations be made
the saving would be $1,276. I submit to the
Senate whether it is worth while to interfere
with the better estimate made by the Depart-
ment, who are perfectly familiar with all the
details of the business, for the mere sake of
saving $1,000.
Mr. SAWYER. I have no disposition to
say any more than that the committee have
given the Department exactly what the figures
furnished them showed that it desired.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to add, in
confirmation of what the Senator from Min-
nesota has said, that this is merely a question
between truth and falsehood: whether we shall
have the appropriation based upon the true
estimate or on a false one. If you follow the
committee you follow the true estimate of the
Department. If you do not, yon take a false '
estimate where the figures were footed up
wrong. That is all there is of this question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations.
A division being called for,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas
and nays. It is a good question for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Davis, Edmunds, Kenton, Fowler, Hamliu, Mc-
Creery, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson. Sauls-
bury, Sawyer. Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull, Vickers,
Willey, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Boreman, Bucking-
ham, Casserly, Chandler, Flanagan. Gilbert, Hamil-
ton of Texas. Harlan, Harris, Hill, Howard, Howell,
Johnston, Kellogg, McDonald, Rauisey, Revels,
Spencer, Stearns,Thayer, Tipton, and Yates—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow,
Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Cragin, Ferry, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Howe. Lewis, Miller, MorriU of
Maine, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy. Pool, Pratt, Rice,
Robertson, Ross, Schurz, Scott, Stew;irt, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman. Warner, and Williams—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill. The next amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was on page 2, line
fifteen, to reduce the appropriation " for pay
of route agents'' from $786,569 to $77G,8'JI.
Mr. COLE. That and the three amend-
ments following it are subject to the rule of
calculation which was adopted and resulted
in the amendment which has just been voted
down.
Mr. POMEROY. That vote carried the
whole of them.
Mr. COLE. The next four amendments
may be regarded as settled by the vote upon the
first of the series of five.
Mr. POMEROY. We have only to reject
the rest and go on.
Mr. COLE. We see very distinctly that
propositions of economy, propositions of cor-
rect calculation, do not meet with the favor of
Mr. POMEROY. I do not like to have the
Senate censured iti that way.
Mr. COLE. Well, I will say, do not meet
with the approval of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question on the four amendments,
as a whole, between lines fifteen and twenty-
five, relative to the appropriations for pay of
route agents, mail route messengers, local
agents, and railway post office clerks.
The amendments were rejected.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of the
bill. The next amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations was on lines thirty and
thirty-one of section one to reduce the appro-
priation " for ships, steamboats, and way let-
ters" from $10,800 to $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line thirty-two of sec-
tion one to reduce the item "for pay of post-
masters" from $5,100,000 to $5,000,000.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 think it is due to the
Senators here that some statement should be
made from the Committee on Appropriations,
on the one hand, for the reductions, and from
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
on the other, in favor of the increased amount,
