1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
governments. No direct provision is made as
to how territory may be acquired, and there-
fore the mode and manner, it may be inferred,
are to be left altogether to the discretion of
the Government.
Now, sir, the provision that Congress may
regulate territory belonging to the United
States would seem to imply that Congress may
acquire what it is authorized to regulate. I
believe it has been judicially determined that
tbis provision was intended to apply to subse-
quently acquired territory. May it not be ar-
gued with great force that the founders of the
.Republic must have contemplated the acqui-
sition of foreign territory in the growth of the
nation, and are there not many reasons why
this power should be lodged in Congress rather
than in the President and the Senate? Is it
not as easy to infer from the provisions of the
Constitution that tenitory may be acquired by
a joint resolution as by a treaty ? ] say that
if the power exists in the Federal Government
to acquire foreign territory, the mode and
manner of that acquisition are left to the
discretion of the Government. Sometimes it
may be necessary to acquire it by treaty; some-
times it may be necessary to acquire it in
another way. Where a power exists it is the
settled construction of the Constitution that
any means necessary and proper may be used
to execute that power.
This power has been exercised from the be-
ginning of the Government. Louisiana was
purchased by treaty and became a part of
the territory of the United States ; California
ami New Mexico were acquired by treaty and
became a part of our territory. Texas was
acquired by a joint resolution, and it is difficult
for me to see upon what principle it can be
contended that Texas, a foieigu country, could
be acquired as a State by a joint resolution,
and San Domingo cannot be acquired in the
same way as a Territory, all parties concerned
agreeing.
Sir, as this was the chief objection made by
the Senator from Ohio to the passage of this
resolution, I have bestowed this brief notice
upon it, although the whole discussion is for-
eign to the real question before the Senate.
Sir, I affirm that the attitude of the Senator
is inconsistent with the entire history of the
Democratic party. If there is any doctrine to
which that party is committed by its history, it
is to the, doctrine that it is within the power of
the Federal Government to acquire foreign ter-
ritory as the circumstances of the nation may
require; and it has been the policy of that
party, from the days of Thomas Jefferson down
to the beginning of the rebellion, to favor the
acquisition of such territory.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion to him?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to the Senator
that it would be better for him to name one
case iu which the Democratic party ever acted
upon any such theory as that which he sug-
gests ; that is, the right to acquire foreign terri-
tory by joint resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not say distinctly
that the Democratic party contended for any
specific mode of acquiring foreign territory, but
that the doctrine of the party has been that it
was within the power of the Federal Govern-
ment, under the Constitution, to acquire such
territory as the circumstances of the occasion
might seem to require. I say that the Territory
of Louisiana was acquired in that way.
Mr. CASSERLY. By treaty.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I say that a portion of
Mexico was acquired in that way.
Mr. CASSERLY. By treaty.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I say that Texas was
acquired in that way; I say that Alaska was
acquired in that way; and I further say that
Senators who are now opposing the acquisition
of San Domingo have aigued, I will not say in
executive session, in favor of a treaty with the
Sandwich Islands, because it would be a pre-
paratory step to the annexation of those islands
to the United States. I am astonished to hear
Senators on the other side of the Chamber
object with such tenacity to the acquisition of
this island, and violate the traditional policy
of their party. I can remember when it was
the pride and glory of the Democratic party
thatunderits auspices the "area of freedom,"
as it was called, had been extended to foreign
lands. Have we not heard much from Dem-
ocratic sources of the march of " manifest des-
tiny?" Has any Senator forgotten that it was
at one time a popular doctrine with the Demo-
cratic party that Cuba should be annexed to
the United States? How long is it since the
Democratic party contended for the acquisi-
tion of Cuba? When it was supposed that the
acquisition of that island would strengthen the
institution of slavery then it was proper and
right. Then the objections which are now made,
that it was in the tropics, that the people were
a foreign people, that it was forming foreign
alliances, that it was departing from the estab-
lished policy of the country, and all the other
evils to follow the acquisition of one of the
West India islands which have been so glow-
ingly portrayed here by Democratic Senators,
were overlooked or ignored by the Democratic
party. I say, sir, that the Democratic party is
estopped by its record from contending against
the acquisition of foreign territory either by
treaty or joint resolution I say the Senator
from Ohio cannot reproach Senators on this
side with inconsistency upon this subject when
he claims to have always belonged to the Dem-
ocratic party, which in years gone by uniformly
favored the acquisition of foreign territory.
Now he opposes the very doctrine which he
then cherished and maintained, simply because
it would bring him into an agreement with a
Ilepublican Administration.
Now, sir, the proposition pending, to refer
this resolution to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, is a piece of mockery. Every man
on this floor knows that the reference of this
resolution is equivalent to its defeat; and why
not then vote directly upon it, vote either to
pass it or to reject it? Let every Senator vote
upon the resolution directly, and say either
that he is in favor of obtaining this inform-
ation, so that Congress may know the real
facts in reference to San Domingo, or that he
is opposed to such information and prefers
darkness rather than light.
I say, sir, in view of all that has transpired
in this country in reference to the San Do-
mingo question it is due to the Chief Magistrate
of the United States, it is due to the recognized
head of the Ilepublican party, whose motives
have been questioned and whoso character has
been assailed for the part he took in the nego-
tiation of the Dominican treaty, that a com-
mittee should go and make the examination
contemplated by this resolution. Let us know
what is true and what is false about this mat-
ter. Let justice be done though the heavens
fall. Do we not differ as to the facts, and there-
fore do we not need fuller and more accurate
information ? Why these numerous objections ?
Sir, I am afraid that they proceed from an
apprehension that the more light there is thrown
upon this question the more fully will be vin-
dicated the wisdom and integrity of the Presi-
dent in all that he has said and done about the
annexation of San Domingo.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not rise to discuss
this question at all. At this hour of the night
it would be unreasonable. But as the Senator
from Oregon who has just taken his seat stated
that he rose simply to present a legal point in
this case, and as he has presented it, I think,
boldly, and for the first time in this debate,
(at least it is the first time I have ever heard
it presented 'or argued that we had a right to
annex Dominica by joint resolution,) I rise to
enter my protest. I desire also to call his atten-
tion and the attention of the Senate to some
thoughts that have occurred to me 011 this point.
I understand the claim to be that the President
of the United States, having negotiated first a
protocol, and then a treaty, ana having sent
that treaty to the Senate, where it requires a
two-thirds vote to ratify it—a treaty, an instru-
ment which, from its nature, must be made
with a foreign Power, which must be made, as
the very tertfis of the intercourse, the mere fact
of negotiation show, with a friendly Power, or
with a view to friendly relations with a foreign
Power, then, upon the rejection of that treaty by
the Senate, Congress can annex that foreign
country by joint resolution ! I do not propose
to argue the question at this time of night. As 1
said before, I merely wish to suggest this diffi-
culty to the Senator from Oregon, as that was
the very point to which he rose, and now, the
first time such a claim has been made in the
Senate in my hearing, to pronounce it so clearly
untenable that the advocate of the position is
in a dilemma. He cannot take two positions
inconsistent with one another; logically incon-
sistent. If the President of the United States
was dealing with a Power which was not an in-
dependent Power and a friendly one, he knew
it, and he had no right to send that treaty here
and ask us to ratify it as a treaty under the
treaty-making power given iu the Constitution ;
it was a fraud on the Senate in any view that
denies the sovereignty and independence of
Dominica. If this was an independent Power,
and I have no doubt it was, and if he could
and did make a treaty with it as such, and sent
it to the Senate and the Senate rejected that
treaty, is the claim made fairly now ? Is it a
fair proposition, logically, that we can after-
ward turn around and treat that foreign country
as if it were not an independent Government
and annex it under the power to annex States
and Territories by joint resolution? The fauit
in the Senator's proposition is this: that he
fails to show that that Government has changed
its character since the treaty was negotiated.
This must be shown to give us power.
I do not mean to say that Dominica could
not herself voluntarily consent to annexation,
but I do mean to say that we have not the power
to annex her in both ways; we have not the
power one day to treat her as a foreign nation
under the clause of the Constitution empower-
ing us to make treaties with foreign Powers,
and the next day to treat her as a country which
has 110 government of her own, 110 independ-
ence, and which we can admit into the Union
under another clause of the Constitution. It
is an attempt to destroy the prerogative of the
American Senate.
I will say to my honorable friend that the
result of his<$>roposition here made is to show
to the country, beyond dispute, that this whole
matter is an attempt to deprive the Senate of
the United States of its power under the treaty-
making clause of the Constitution ; and I can
characterize it in one word. All I have to say on
this attempt is that it is simply revolutionary,
it is simply taking away from the Senate of the
United States its coordinate power, a power
which it alone, in connection with the Presi-
dent, can exercise, the power of making treaties.
"Pie [the President] shall have power, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
make treaties, provided two thirds of the Sen-
ators present concur but new States may be
admitted by Congress. With great respect, as
my honorable friend knows, for his legal opin-
ion, when I heard such a proposition coming
from him, who is well known to hare so close a
connection with the Administration on account
of his political opinions and because of his great
services to his party, it seemed to me that at
the first moment I had the opportunity I should
simply suggestthis difficulty to the Senate, that
they might at least think of it, that they might
be the better prepared to meet this new and
alarming claim of power, this attempt to vio-
late the constitutional prerogative of the Senate
which it has ever exercised, and cannot part
with without being unfaithful to its trust.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to say but a tingle
i word. I did not undertake to say that the
