1078
1HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Mr BAYARD. I should like to ask my
honciable friend, the Senator from Rhode
Isliuid, what the cost of printing this report
on education will be? I have examined this
book a little; and if the part that relates to
other States is as contemptibly false and absurd
as that which relates to my own State it will
only increase the mass of ignorance in the
country, instead of lessening it. I have some
doubts, therefore, whether this book should be
printed without examination and some state-
ment and some authority to the country that
there is value iu the publication. If it would
be injurious to circulate false, statements as
facts, we had better have none than those that
are untrue. I should like to ask, however, at
what expense to the people this information
is proposed to be published?
• Mr. ANTHONY. The estimated cost of
this publication is about ten thousand dollars.
Of course, the Committee on Printing have
not made a critical examination of the docu-
ment, although I believe it was once contended
on the other side of the Qhamber that the com-
mittee had no right to report in favor of print-
ing a document until we had carefully read the
whole of it. We have not done that in this
case. Senators know very well, if they have
paid any attention to the action of the com-
mittee, that the Committee on Printing are
exceedingly unfriendly to the printing of long
numbers of any documents whatever. We do
not believe that it is the duty of the Govern-
ment to circulate essays and dissertations and
treatises on various subjects for popular distri-
bution, and we think that the report of the
head of a bureau should be an account of the
administration of his office, with such sugges-
tions of improvement as he has found neces-
sary.
The printing of this document has been
pressed upon us more generally than the print-
ing of almost any document for a year, espe-
cially by our friends from the South, and the
friends of education generally, and it has been
especially urged upon us by the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer,] who probably
has as much and I think more acquaintance
with education than any of us. All these gen-
tlemen are exceedingly anxious that this doc-
ument should be printed. So far as I am
individually concerned I have yielded my gen-
eral views to this pressure, and to one other
consideration, that I felt certain if we did not
report in. favor of printing this document we
should be voted down.
I would say that the testimony which has
been brought to us by the friends of education
generally, both in this House and the other,
does not correspond with the view which my
friend from Delaware has given of this docu-
ment ; but it has been universally represented
to us as a work ef very great value to the
interest of education. The Senator from South
Carolina can probably give the Senate better
information as to the value of this work than
I can, for he has thoroughly examined it and
is very well acquainted with the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If this matter is to be
debated, as it manifestly is to be, so as to take
up the whole morning hour, I must object to
the further consideration of this resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. The question whether
this document shall be printed or not ought,
for the public interest, to be decided now,
because it will cost much less to print it now
than it will by and by. 1 presume the reso-
lution will be debated whenever it comes up,
and it will not take much time now, probably.
I should not have spoken at all but for the
remarks of the Senator from Delaware.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is made
to the further consideration of the resolution,
and it must lie over.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator will
allow me to withdraw the report now, and I will
offer it again to-morrow if i can get the floor,
1 trust the Senate will then sot upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT,
withdrawn.
The report is
bills introduced.
Mr. BLAIR asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1328) supplemental to an act entitled
"An act making a grant of lands in alternate
sections to aid in the construction and exten-
sion of the Iron Mountain railroad from Pilot
Knob, in the State of Missouri, to Helena, in
Arkansas," approved July 4, 1866; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1329) providing for the adjustment of the
accounts of certain collectors of internal rev-
enue ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1330) to promote the construction of the
Cincinnati and Southern railway; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1331) to amend an act entitled "An act to
regulate the carriage of passengers in steam-
ships and other vessels," approved March
3, 1855; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked_, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1832) to provide for the better security of
life on board of vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 814) authorizing the
Ottawa Indians to bring suits in the courts of
Kansas upon any matters growing out of their
late treaties; which was read twice by its title,
referred to tbe.Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
BILL recommitted.
Mr. CASSERLY. I offer several amend-
ments to the bill (S. No. 1017) granting the
right of way and lands in'aid of the construc-
tion of a canal for irrigation and other pur-
poses in the county of El Dorado and other
counties in the State of California, which I
reported back some time ago from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands with a favorable rec-
ommendation ; and I move that the bill be
recommitted, with the amendments, to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
military depot at port leavenworth.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Jiesolved. That the Secretary of War be directed
to furnish for the use of the Senate any information
in his possession from General Pope or other officer
in command of the military post at Fort Leaven-
worth, Kansas, recommending appropriations for
enlarging the Government buildings and making
extensive accommodations for a military depot at
Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.
ENGLISH TREATY 01' 1846.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the President be respectfully re-
quested to transmit to the Senate copies of the final
report and the accompanying documents of the com-
missioner on the part of the United States to carry
into effect the first article of the treaty with Great
Britain of June 15,18i(i.
Mr. SUMNER. _ I would suggest that the
usual language be inserted there, "if, in his
opinion, not iaoompatible with the public in-
terest."
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to that,
of course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modifica-
tion will be made.'
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
committee on disorders in this south.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed as addi-
tional members of the select committee on
alleged outrages in the southern States, under
the resolution adopted in the Senate yester
day, Mr. Stewart and Mr. Blair.
Mr. STEWART. It will be impossible for
me to serve on that select committee with my
other duties. I believe that since I have been
a member of this body I have never failed to
be in attendance on any committee of which I
was a member when it was in session, except
on an occasion when there were two commit-
tees of which I was a member iu session at the
same time, and that has happened two or three
times. I do not wish to undertake what I
cannot do. This committee has to sit_con-
stantly, and I have too much else to do to
allow me to sit upon it and take part in its
proceedings. I therefore beg to be excused.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada desires to be excused from service
upon the select committee to which he was
appointed by the Chair, being the committee
on alleged outrages in the southern States.
If there be no objection the Senator will be
excused. The Chair hears no objection, and
he is excused.
postal laws.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
joint resolution No. 306, prescribing the oath
to be taken by H. V. M. Miller, Senator-elect
from Georgia.
Mr. RAMSEY. Allow me to offer a resolu-
tion. ^1 move that the Senate at half past four
o'clock to-morrow take a recess until half past,
seven o'clock, for the purpose of considering
the postal code bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to that at preset,t
Mr. TRUMBULL. Objection is made, ar.d
it will give rise to. debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota moves that to-morrow, (Friday,)
at half past four o'clock, the Senate take a
recess until half past seven o'clock, to con-
sider in the evening session the postal code
bill. That is objected to, and it will lie over.
Mr. RAMSEY. Does an objection neces-
sarily carry it over?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does. All
resolutions go over if there is objection. They
cannot be considered the same day except by
unanimous consent
Mr. POMEROY. I think it is very import-
ant that that matter should be settled ; and it
ought to be settled to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois is entitled to the floor.
senators from georgia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 306.
Mr. CONKLING. That is not a privileged
question, I suppose?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion iy
now in order, the morning business having
concluded.
Mr. CONKLING. But it is not a privileged
question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That question
is not involved, and the Chair does not decide
a question which does not come up neces-
sarily.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My motion is a proper
motion, I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a proper
motion under the rules of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I trust the Senate will
take up this resolution and dispose of it.
Mr. CONKLING. Nevertheless it is fair
that we should know in voting the quality ot'
