252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
proposition would ever be made to annex San
Domingo to the (Jnited States by a joint resolu-
tion ; but,I controverted the legal proposition
of the Senator from Ohio. In case such a prop-
osition should ever be presented to Congress,
I have to say that if such a proposition would
be revolutionary, then the annexation of Texas
was a revolutionary act, and deprived the Sen-
ate of its power under the clause authorizing
the making of treaties.
Mr. STOCKTON. Did the President first
make a treaty with Texas and send it into the
Senate, and was it rejected? Was that done
before we attempted toaimex her by joint reso-
lution?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I believe it was the fact;
but certainly the reason why Texas was an-
nexed by a joint resolution was because a treaty
to that effect could not be ratified, or was not
ratified, by the Senate. But, sir, suppose a
joint resolution should pass Congress provid-
ing thatSan Domingo should be annexed, upon
condition that the people of San Domingo rat-
ified and agreed to it, I desire to know if that
would not be treating San Domingo fairly and
as au independent Power, and if any objection
could be made upon that ground?
The VICE P.RESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Buckingham,] to refer the joint resolution
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SCHURZ, (at five minutes belore one
o'clock a. m.) I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 7, noes 23 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. CONKLING called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 11. nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Johnston, Mc-
Creery, Morrill of Vermont, Ross, Schurz, bcott,
Btoekton, Tiiurraan, and Tipton—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Carper)t.er, Chandler, Cole, Conklmg, Cor-
belt, Crasiri. iSdiaunds, Flanagan, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Iloive, Howell. Lewis, Mor-
ton, Nye, O-boin, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Ram-
sey, Revels, Sawyer, Sherman, Stewart, Thayer,
Warner, Willey, and Williams—33.
ABSKN'X—Messrs. Anthony. Boreman, Cameron,
Cat tell, Da vis, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler, Gilbert, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Harris, Howard, Kellogg, Mc-
Ponald, Morrill oi Maine, Pratt, Rice, Robertson,
Baulsbury, Sponeer, Sprague, Sumner, Xi umbuil,
Vickers, Wilson, Windom, and Yates—27.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VIC IS PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Con-
necticut, to refer the joint resolution to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, upon which
the yeas and najs have been ordefed.
Mr. BAYARD. I have paired with the Sen-
ator from Michigan, Mr. Howard. If he were
here lie would vote "nay/' and 1 should vote
"ay." I desire also to state that the Senator
from Maryland who is absent, Mr. Vickers,
has paired with Mr. Gilbert, of Florida ? Mr.
Viciceus if present would vote in the affirm-
ative and Mr. Gilbert in the negative.
Mr. ABBOTT, i desire also to state that
Mr. Osbobx, of Florida, paired with Mr. II.ui-
lus, of Louisiana? Mr. Osbok? if here would
vote against this motion and Mr. Harms for it.
The Question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 31; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buckingham, Casserly, Johnston,
Met'recry, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson, Ross,
iSchurz, Scott, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, and
Tipton—13.
IN AY'S—Messrs. Abbott, Ames.Brswnlow, Carpen-
ter. Chandler, Cote, Conklmg, Corbett, Cragcin,
Edmunds, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harlan, Howe, U owell, Lewis, Morton, Sye, Osborn,
Pomcroy, Pool. Ramsey,Revels, Sawyer, Sherman,
Stewait, Thayer. Warn fir. Willey, and Williams—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony. Bayard, Boreman,
Cameron. Oattell, Davis, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland. Harris, Howard,
Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Pratt, Rice,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Spencer, Sprague, Trumbull,
Vickers, Wilson, Windom, and Yates—27.
So the motion to refer was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution is now open to amendment in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. SCHURZ. I move the following amend-
ment, to insert in the sixth line, after "San
Domingo," the words " and other places where,
in the opinion of the commission, information
can be obtained." I suppose that meets the
view of the Senator from Indiana. The reso-
lution would then read:
That the President of the United States be author-
ized to appoint three commissioners, and also a sec-
retary, the latter to be versed in the English and
Spanish languages, to proceed to the island of San
Donii n<ro and other places -where, in the opinion of
the comm ission, information can be obtained.
Mr. CONKLING. That ought not to be.
Mr. SCHURZ. That point has been argued
already by the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Patteesok.J It is his amendment, and
I would not have offered it if I had not seen
him with his head on his desk.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be reported at the
desk.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is in
line six, after the words " San Domingo," to
insert "and other places where, in the opin-
ion of the commission, information can be
obtained ;" so as to read :
That the President of the United States be author-
ized to appoint three commissioners, and also a sec-
retary, the latter to be versed in the English and
Spanish languages, to proceed to the island of San
Domingo and other places whero, in the opinion of
the commission, information can be obtained.
Several Senators demanded a division.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. Is it the object of the
friends of this resolution to prevent these com-
missioners from going to any place in the
republic of Hayti where they may wish to go?
May they not go there to obtain information?
Is it not important to learn what are the rela-
tions between Dominica and Hayti, and in what
complications we might be involved if we were
to annex Dominica? Or could they not come
to the city of Washington, to the archives
here, in order to obtain information? What
harm can it do ?
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask my friend a
question ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. In the view which he now
suggests, would not the phraseology be more
apt if it were "to such other places as shall
be necessary to obtain the information," or
something conveying that idea? The tiling
that struck me on hearing the words proposed
read was this: they are to go to all places whore
they are to obtain this information 
Mr. SCHURZ. In the opinion of the com-
mission.
Mr. CONKLING. But if in their opinion
they could obtain it in half a dozen different
places they might be compelled to go to all.
Mr. SCHURZ. I would say that I offered
this amendment in good faith 
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose so.
Mr. SCHURZ. For instance, they might
go to New York and obtain there very valuable
information concerning the financial condition
of the Dominican republic.
Mr. CONKLING. Then why not say to
"proceed to such places as they shall find it
necessary in their opinion?" But his language
would imply that they would fall short in their
duties unless they went generally wherever it
could be found.
Mr. SCHURZ, I will accept the modifica-
tion.
Mr. PATTERSON. My friend from Mis-
souri stated that he moved the amendment in
accordance with a suggestion of mine. When
I spoke on this matter yesterday I stated that
I wanted the terms of the resolution somewhat
enlarged. One reason why I wish the terms
of the resolution enlarged is that certain accu-
sations have been made against the President,
of which be is anxious to clear himself, and of
which I have no doubt he will be able to clear
himself fully. I have not the most distant idea
that the President has ever dona "anything or
thought anything that was dishonest or im-
proper in connection with this treaty, and I
think it important to the President, as well as
to those who are opposed to the treaty, that the
commissioners should have an opportunity to
inquire in New York, or Hayti, or elsewhere,
where the information can be obtained which
he as well as we desire; and for that reason I
wanted the terpis enlarged, as well as that the
Senate might have before them all the facts
which the President desired we should have
before us before we acted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am entirely willing to
have this resolution amended in the way sug-
gested now, because I think it amounts to the
same thing that it was before, and not for the
reason that the Senator from New Hampshire
has stated, that it is necessary for the vindica-
tion of the President of the United States from
any aspersions that are attached to him.
Mr. PATTERSON. If the gentleman will
allow me, I did not say " because it was neces-
sary to relieve the President of the United
States." That was not my language.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not say it was the
language of my friend from New Hampshire.
Mr. PATTERSON. I understood the gen-
tleman so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not undertake to
quote my friend's language. I quoted what I
understood to be the purpose and idea that he
seemed to have in his mind. But I will not
quarrel about terms. This, then, is not neces-
sary for the vindication of the President of the
United States, not useful for his vindication,
not desirable for his vindication. The only
person whom I ever heard accuse the President
of the United States in that connection, the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, has, in
the last speech he has made, backed out.
Mr. SUMNER. No backing out. I never
back out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He backed out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont yield to the Senator from
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; I am willing
to be interrupted, as he was not, in the middle
of a sentence on any topic, because I am desir-
ous that he should relieve himself from the just
odium which I have no doubt he has incurred
in the eyes of this country to-day, in every pos-
sible way that he can ; and in the last speech
that he has made upon the subject, in apologiz-
ing, if that ia the term, for what is called the
Chicago manifesto, which was stolen, he says
he has himself vindicated the President from
any impropriety of thought or intention or any
corruption in connection with that treaty. He
now says that he has never imputed it to the
President. I am very glad to know it; but
those who have been somewhat taught in the
English language, from his observations at an
earlier part of the day would have been very
much surprised to have heard him say that
before, for certainly the Senator's language was
calculated to convince his best friends, as it did
convince them, that what he had to say was not
so much a consideration of the propriety of an
inquiry into the condition of a neighboring
country as it was the occasion and vehicle for
the venting of some personal animosity, the
expression of some private grief, that had its
source in some misunderstanding somewhere,
which had deluded and misled the Senator from
Massachusetts so far to forget what was due to
his State, so far to forget what was due to the
President of the United States as the head of
one of the departments of this Government,
who, in respect to its foreign relations, is a
coordinate and coequal branch with us, and
with whom, in respect to such foreign relations,
we hold relations of the most intimate and con-
fidential character, and in respect to which for-
eign relations only the President of the United
States and we Senators, the representatives of
the States, have anything to do.
Now, sir, I say, under such circumstances
that any Senator of any jsarty who believes ia
