1690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Februaiv 25,
if that committee is in favor of the increased
amount. Otherwise we are compelled to vote
a good deal at random. As a rw'.a, of course,
1 favor the reduction of expenditures, and I
have voted generally on tlis*. principle; always,
indeed, whenever I thought the case was a
proper one for its application. Upon that
ground I voted against the creation of new
offices in the Interior Department or the rais-
ing of the salaries of old officers. I voted also
against the increase of salaries in other Depart-
ments of the Government for which no ade-
quate pauses seemed to be assigned.
But, Mr. President, I represent a new State
of a very great area, where developments are
constantly going on in one quarter or an-
other which demand increased mail facilities.
I should feel myself not justified in declining
to give a full allowance, under any leading
head of this bill, to the Post Office Depart-
ment, provided there can be any good reason
shown for it. At the same time I do not wish
to vote for the higher sum merely because it
is higher. It seems to me that whenever there
is a difference of opinion between the Com-
mittee on Appropriations and the Committee
on PostOfliees and Post Roads some explan-
ation should be given to enlighten Senators as
to how they shall vote.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator knows very
well that as long as there is a post office es-
tablishment there must be an increased num-
ber of postmasters year by year. They in-
crease at the rate of nearly a thousand per
annum. Now they have reached nearly thirty
thousand, and increase at the rate of a thou-
sand per annum. This is simply the estimate
of the Post Office Department, that they will
want for compensation of postmasters $5,100,-
000. The House of Representatives passed
the bill on the estimate of the Postmaster
General. This estimate was submitted a long
time since to the appropriate eommittees oi'
the two Houses. The Senate will And on page
08 of the report of the Postmaster General
for the cm-rent year the estimate, "for com-
pensation of postmasters, $5,100,000." The
House of Representatives accepted that esti-
mate, and so passed the bill. The Senate Com-
mittee on Appropriations propose to strike this
item down $100,000. I hope the Senate will
not concur in that recommendation of the com-
mittee, but will retain the appropriation fixed
by the House.
Mr. SAWYER. I have in my hand a letter
from the Third Assistant Postmaster General,
in which the statement is made that the pay
of postmasters for the year ending June 30,
1870, was something less than five million dol-
lars, and that it is expected that tho adjust-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1871, will
amount to nearly or quite five million dollars.
There seems to be an anticipation that it will
not reach $5,000,000. In view of this fact,
that in the current year the increase over the
preceding year was nominal, if anything, it
was thought, by the committee that $5,000,000
would be sufficient for the next year.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, any surplus
left at the close of the business of the year of
course is covered into the Treasury under your
present law. Is it possible for any man, how-
ever fine a mathematician he may be, to esti-
mate certainly for the appropriation of $5,000,-
000, covering so many individual cases, so that
the $5,000,000 shall not bo exceeded by a few
dollars? There are thirty thousand postmas-
ters in the country, and their salaries are to be
readjusted. Suppose the cost of this service
should exceed by a fraction the $5,000,000
appropriated; we have no money to pay it:
whereas if you happen to have a few dollars
more than you absolutely want on the read-
justment of salaries, that money will be cov-
ered into the Treasury. It seems to me to be
unreasonable to make such close dealing with
the Department in this matter.
Mr. SAWYER. The remark of the Sen-
ator about the fact that the balance will be
covered into the Treasury, I suppose applies
to every appropriation made ; and yet we are
not in the habit of making larger appropria-
tions than are thought necessary, although we
suppose that the balance, if any,-will be cov-
ered into the Treasury. But there is a preva-
lent opinion that if very large appropriations
are made the Departments will find some way
of using them; not that they will use them
improperly, but everybody knows that a man
with a large balance in bank is a little freer
with his money than one who has not any-
thing or is a little short.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to suggest
to my friend, the chairman of the Committee
on Post Offices ar.d Post Roads, that the best
way to dispose of this whole bill, on his theory
of not being afraid of the money, is to make
one section and provide that the Postmaster
General may draw on the Treasury for any sum
he may require during the year. That would
simplify it very much.
Mr. RAMSEY. Well, if you were to apply
that rule to all the other Secretaries, I should
have no objcctiou to applying it to the Post-
master General.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
011 Appropriations, to reduce the appropriation
for the pay of postmasters from $5,100,000 to
$5,000,000.
Thearnendmentwas rejected—ayes fourteen,
noes not counted.
The next amendment was in line thirty four,
to reduce the appropriation '' for pay of clerks
in post offices " from $'2,000,000 to $2,500,000.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is an amendment of
the same character as the one just voted upon
and should go with it. The clerks increase iu
number just as the postmasters do in the vari-
ous post offices of the country.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were fourteen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is a further
count demanded ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; let us have the
other side. This is a good point to take a fresh
start, and I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. COLE. I wish particularly to call the
attention of the Senate to this amendment and
to give a reason or two why it should be
adopted. The item in the bill, as it came to
11s trom the House, is "for pay of clerks in
post offices, $2,G0U,000." The Committee 011
Appropriations have struck it down simply
$100,000. We all know that the railroad
service is increasing; that upon nearly every
line of railroad there is a postal car, which is
in fact a post otfice, and we employ clerks in
those cars. The service, therefore, in the sta-
tionary offices, in the towns and cities, and at
the cross-roads, is very much decreased by
reason of this service which is done upon the
lines of railroads, while the cars are in motion.
This branch.of the service, I am sure, can be
reduced. In another portion of the bill you
will find that the appropriation for the railway
post office clerks is very considerably increased,
which is accounted for by the remarkable in-
crease of that service, and the increase of that
branch of the service of course renders the
necessity for clerk hire in the post offices much
less.
Mr. HOWELL. 1 desire to say a word on
this point in the line of economy again, even
according to the interpretation of the Sen-
ator who has charge of the appropriation bill.
Those who know anything about thePost Office
Department and its administration and' the
post offices of the country • are probably
aware that since the change of the duties of
the post offices the york in the post offices
is very materially reduced. There is a very
great reduction of the work in making up the
mails ; and yet the provision for clerks remains
now the same as it was eightor ten years ago.
They have therefore more clerks in proportion
to the work they have to do than they had
under the old system. 1 have no doubt that
under asystematic economy the service nn^'.t
be reduced very considerably; but :.dmii ■ iir;
that it remains as it is, the provision f'■.r the
increase of postmasters' salaries goes upon
the presumption that there will be a veiy con-
sideraable increase of post offices and po>t
masters. That increase of post offices and
postmasters will be of such offices and s-uch
postmasters as require no clerks. Therefore
there is no reason in the nature of the case,
aside from the other question, for an increase
of the clerks on account of the post offices
and postmasters.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let me make a suggestion
to the Senator. He is right in supposing that
the great increase of post offices during the
next year and every year will be of the smaller
class where no clerks are required ; but at the
same time the larger offices are growing very
rapidly, and they will require an increased
number of clerks.
Mr. HOWELL. Exactly; and I answered
that proposition before in the statement that
they have the same number of clerks now that
they had when they had twice the labor to
perform, and therefore these clerks can do 110
more work even if the appropriation is very
considerably increased.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Post, Offices
and Post Roads how much was paid for clerks
in post offices last year?
Mr. RAMSEY. I have not got the state-
ment here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am unable to find it in
the lucid and interesting report of the Post-
master General. He seems to have forgotten
the clerks in the post offices, as far as 1 can
discover in running it through, although it
ought to be here somewhere. Last year we
appropriated $2,500,000 for clerks in post
offices. It is said, and truly said, that there
will be new post offices established; but your
law does not allow new post offices to have
clerks. They are necessarily small post offices.
At the same time, as I think my friend from
Minnesota would insist, as he has insisted,
we ought to provide for paying clerks even
in those places, because some of those places
are of great prospective importance! There
is Duiuth, in the State of Minnesota, where, if
a post office were to be established, if there
ever should be any inhabitants there, it would
be of the highest public importance that the
postmaster should not be tied down to attend-
ing with his own hands to the reception and
delivery of his mails. [Laughter.] He ought
to have a corps of clerks of a high grade.
There is no doubt of that.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no doubt that true
economy will require the transfer of the best
clerks from the best offices that the Senate has
got in the State of Vermont to Duiuth in five
years. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Undoubtedly, we trans-
port some of our best people West occasion-
ally for various causes.
But, Mr. President, to be serious about this
business, if it is not too late on this bill to be
serious, as I am a little afraid it is, this simple
proposition is to give the Post Office Depart-
ment the same sum of money, and which I am
safe iu saying they did not begin to spend last
year, $2,500,000, for clerks in post ollices.
The argument had a certain plausible weight
as to the increase of small post offices in new
places; but every Senator knows that none of
those offices are entitled to have, or ought to
have, any clerks at all.
Mr. RAMSEY. But the Senator has strangely
forgotton to-mention this fact: that while ihe
small post offices may require no clerks at all,
the business to-day in the city of New York is
probably increasing more rapidly than in two
or three of the States of this Union; and so
of the city of Baltimore, the city of Philadel-
phia, and probably of some city in his own
State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me ask my honorable
