1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
this Government of the States and of the repre-
sentative of the whole people, the President,
respecting our foreign relations nnder the Con-
stitution, has no right to use such language
toward the Chief Magistrate—irrespective of
any party considerations ; they shall sink out
of sight—as the Senator from Massachusetts
lias used to-day, and I say it with grief. He
has no right to do it unless he is prepared to
carry out his accusation—for it is nothing less—
with the proof which shall condemn the person
accused. No man, no representativeofaState,
in my judgment, is justified in imputing to a
branch of the Government related to us as
the President is anything which shall tend to
bring him into contempt or reproach, unless he
does it in pursuance of a high duty, which shall
be followed by the proof that justifies him in
making such assertions.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr, President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont yield to the Senator from
Ohio ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Was no such language
used toward Andrew Johnson, when he was
President, by Senators on this floor?
Mr. EDMONDS. I do not remember; I
am very sure that I never used any such lan-
guage ; and if it was used, let me say to the
honorable Senator from Ohio that I am not
at all aware that that makes it right.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I do not say it was.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well, then ; where-
fore did the Senator interrupt me ?
Mr. THURMAN. I thought perhaps the
Senator might recollect that if not himself,
some of his colleagues, were accustomed to
speak of Andrew Johnson with something
short of respect, as Andrew was accustomed
to speak of them. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the ver-
dict which has been spoken of which the intel-
ligent American people will pronounce upon
this day's scene—and I am sorry for it—will
be, in spite of all explanations, when they read
what the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts has said, that in the heat of private re-
sentment and animosity he has forgotten what
was due to the State of Massachusetts, what
was due to her Senator, what was due to the
President of the United States, and in his jus-
tification of what he has shown to be his per-
sonal hostility, in his vindication of that, he
has stated touscooliy and deliberately the evi-
dence (which 1 hold in my hand) that carries
with it his own condemnation. 1 aliude to the
interview which he has described as having
taken place between himself and the President
touching this treaty, which is entirely foreign
as a matter of merit to this subject, and which
has been brought into this debate tor no other
purpose necessarily than personal vindication
Or personal accusation. In this statement which
the Senator from Massachusetts has given us, it
seems to me, as an intellectual conclusion that
it is impossible to find other than a confes-
sion that the President of the United States,
seeking the Senator's advice upon a subject of
public interest upon which it was almost his
official duty to give it, was taken aside into
a collateral conversation touching an office,
while the honorable Senator should frame in
his own mind an equivocal answer to the ques-
tion of the President which should leave him to
go away bearing the impression that there was
a favorable consideration of his proposition in
the mind of the Senator, when iu point of fact
there was not.
I do not accuse the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts of intentional prevarication with
the President of the United States; fartromit.
I only say that I think it impossible for any
iiui' minded man to read what the Senator
Inmseil has said (which I hold in my hand
and have read with a view to see if any other
constiuction couid be put upon it) and not see
in it the fact that he did suffer the President
to go away from his house under the impres-
sion, of which the Senator himself was cogni-
zant, that he was friendly to that proposition
when he was not. It may have been a misun-
derstanding ; I hope and believe it was ; but if
it was, there is little justification for the scene
that we have seen to-day, on the theory that the
President of the United States had in any way
ill-treated or misconducted himself toward the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts.
Now, sir, I have said this, not for the pur-
pose of adding any fuel to these flames, but I
have said it as representing in part the good
people of the State of Vermont, which, as one
of the States of this Union, has an interest and
property in the reputation of her Chief Magis-
trate, and which I, as one of her represent-
atives, am bound to defend when I think it
ought to be defended on principles of justice
and truth. So that, sir, when we consider this
resolution which is before us we ought to forget
and dismiss from our thoughts, if we can, the
fact that we have devoted the whole day to the
airing of the personal animosities of Senators,
their personal resentments, their personal vin-
dications upon and in respect to topics which
have nothing whatever to do with the open and
public investigation of a public question, which
is all that this resolution proposes.
While I vote for this resolution, as I have
said before, I do not vote for it committing
myself to the policy of any species of annexa-
tion. I do not vote for it committing myself
to the law as laid down by my friend from
Oregon, or to the law as laid down by the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio ; but I vote for it,
as I said yesterday, having opinions touching
that island which coincide in results with those
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
as he knows, and yet believing that there is no
information touching any of those people that
will not be highly useful to the people of the
United States in the promotion of their inter-
ests and in the promotion of their welfare. I
am not afraid that my judgment respecting
this island will be overthrown by the obtaining
of information as to its resources and condi-
tion and social habits and prospects. 1 shall
not be afraid, however, if such information
should be obtained, to follow the lead of my
distinguished friend from Missouri, who on a
similar, or perhaps an analogous visit to the
southern States a few years ago went, as he
stated to the President in his report, with these
ideas:
"I would not have accepted the missionhad Inot
felt that whatever preconceived opinions I might
carry with mo to tlie South I should be ready to
abandon or modify as my perception of facts and
circumstances might command their abandonment
or modification."
If this commission shall give us any new
light, if there shall be any new proof or any
new state of circumstances which should make
it fit and proper that my perceptions of the
bearings of this case should change, I should
not be in the least degree ashamed to change
them. I should have illustrious examples for
doing that. I do not expect, however, that that
event will happen; but I should think it fit, as
the Senator from Missouri thought it fit on a
question of this character and this delicacy, to
recommend that—
" You advise Congress to send one or more investi-
gating committees into the Southern States tohiquire
for themselves into the actual condition oi thing
before final action is taken upon their readmis-
sion,'' &c.
There we have almost a prophetic plan laid
out for the acquisition of information suggested
to the Executive by my honorable friend from
Missouri, and I believe acted upon by him in
advising Congress, and by Congress in follow-
ing his advice, in going into what was in effect
then a foreign country and territory to acquire
information as to the condition of the people.
I should hope, therefore, that my friend from
Missouri at least would see that this proposi-
tion is not so utterly destitute ot precedent,
SO utterly devoid of plausibility in lespect to
acquiring information, as to make it what hv
styled it the other day, a sham and a humbug.
Mr. SCHURZ and Mr. SUMNER addressed
the Chair. -
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair recog-
nizes the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow me to say a word.
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly; I yield to the
Senator from Massachusetts. "
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, another has
spoken. He charges me with giving vent to
some private animosity. May Inot, with more
justice, charge the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] with giving vent to some private
animosity ? Only in this way can I account
for his assault.
He spoke of what he chose to call " the man-
ifesto at Chicago." If he has been in his seat
throughout this debate he must have known
that I disowned it. If he read the newspapers
weeks ago he knew that I had disowned it. It
was a stolen, faise report, such as we are all
subject to under the name of interviews, such
as 1 have been subject to repeatedly; and the
Senator chooses to call that my manifesto at
Chicago! Nobody ever read it with more
regret than myself, for nobody ever felt so much
as myself its falsehood to me.
The Senator saya that I have " backed out"
from my accusation. .1 interrupted him to say,
"no such thing." I have backed out from
nothing, borrowing his phrase. 1 have made
no accusation which I have not sustained, and
the record will show it. I have made no allu-
sion to motives. I challenge any Senator to
say that at any time in debate or in conversa-
tion I have made any such allusion. Never !
The Senator says that one has no right to
criticise the President as I have done, unless
in pursuance of " a high duty." Is the Sena-
tor the only one in this Chamber who is inspired
by a high duty? The language is lofty. I
hardly wish to claim it for myself, though I
yield it to him. I have acted as conscientiously
as the Senator, believing it to be my duty, in all
simplicity, to speak as I have spoken. But I
repeat again, I have cast no imputation upon
any man's motives. Does the Senator wish to
add to the injustice done to me iu other quar-
ters? lam unwilling to suppose it; and yet
listening to his speech I could not avoid the
conclusion.
The Senator then refers to the statement
which I made so reluctantly in reply to the
Senator from Michigan with regard to the visit
of the President. He says that on that I am
self-condemned. How? I stated frankly what
I said. I had no reason to believe that the
President did not understand me as declining
to give any definite opinion on the question. I
supposed when he left me he must have seen
that my purpose was not to commit mj'selt
at all.
Senators know well, or at least there are
Senators who know that a darling idea of mine,
entertained for years, has been a protectorate
in the Gulfto be maintained by the great Repub-
lic. That idea was in my mind when the Presi-
dent was with me. I did not develop it, for a
very good reason. I reserved to myselt the con-
sideration of thequestionwhetheron the papers
that should be presented anything of that kind
could be wrought out. This was my idea. But
the moment I examined the papers, and^ espe-
cially when I became acquainted with the
machinations of Baez and his confederates, the
case was too clear ; I saw that there was but
one side to it; and from this moment 1 have
had but one opinion. 1 saw clearly that the
idea which I had at heart would not be estab-
lished by the President's treaties, and, then,
their real character was too apparent.
I will tell you, sir, where perhaps I erred.
It was in not going to the President and lelhng
him frankly my opinion of the treaties. Know -
ing his present interest in annexation, it is eii.-y
to imagine that had I seen him on the suujcci,
and exDosed its true character; some misappi e-
hension would have been avoided; butoti care.-
ful reflection at the time T did not regard it as
