1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ion
the motion. We heard the Senator from Illi-
nois suggest that it was a privileged question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I said it was in the
nature of a privileged motion.
Mr. CONKLING. And I supposed it was
a privileged motion until I was reminded that
it was a joint resolution. While I know it is
in order for the Senator to make his motion,
it is not in any sense a privileged question.
Therefore 110 Senator need vote for it in that
view.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That question
is not involved. The motion is made under
the rules of the Senate.
. Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senate will
not proceed with the consideration of this par-
ticular matter this morning. The joint reso-
lution was reported only yesterday. We have
only ten minutes now before reaching the
appropriation bill, which ought to be consid-
ered, and must be considered, of course. The
consideration of this joint resolution will lead
certainly to some debate touching the propriety
of this species of legislation. Every Senator
is aware that it involves a variety of questions,
and therefore it seems to me that it will be a
waste of time to take it up at this time. Of
course I do not wish to overslaugh it and crowd
it out of proper consideration: but it would
be a mere waste of time to take it up between
now and one o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As to the propriety of
taking up this joint resolution every Senator,
of course, will judge for himself. It is known
. that the question of the admission of the Geor-
gia Senators has been a long time before the
Senate. We have settled the principle as to
the election of the Senators. But there is a
question remaining in regard to the oath to be
taken by Mr. Miller. The Committee on the
Judiciary have reported a joint resolution to
allow him to take the same oath that was taken
by Mr. Butler of Tennessee and Mr. Sho-
ber of North Carolina, in the House of Rep-
resentatives, and perhaps some others who
were similarly situated, the same oath that
has been taken by Mr. Hill in this body.
So far as I am concerned, the whole subject
having been talked over before the Senate, I
would be entirely willing, without any com-
ment, to have the resolution read and the vote
taken upon it; and I think we can do this be-
fore one o'clock. But if it is to be discussed,
it seems to me due to the State of Georgia that
the question should be settled. I have no sort
of feeling in reference to the person to be
admitted, not the least in the world; but I
think it due to the State and due to the party
who is here that we should dispose of it. I
think the Senate understands the question.
For my own part, I would forbear saying one
word upon it. I am willing, when the resolu-
tion is read, to let the vote be taken upon it;
but if it is to be discussed, if gentlemen desire
to discuss it, it seams to me we ought to meet
the question and dispose of it.
I trust diseussion will not be protracted, at
any rate further than to state, if auy one desires
to do so, his views in regard to it. If we bring
np the whole reconstruction subject, of course
it may lead to a protracted debate; but I do
not think there is a disposition in the Senate—
and so far as I know there is none among any
Senators—to debate it at any length. I trust
it will be taken up, and that we shall dispose
of it. I think it will not take long; it certainly
will not on my part. We can soon see what
we can do with it. If the Senator will let it
come up, there are ten minutes yet of the
morning hour, and we can see what disposition
may be made. I hope the Senate will take up
the resolution and proceed to act upon it,
Mr, COLE. If it will lead to discussion
tiud run beyond the morning hour, of course
there will be strong objection.
Mr, TRUMBULL. That will he a matter
to be considered when one o'clock comes,
Jfv. COLE. X tope the morning business
may be adhered to and this question postponed
to some more fitting occasion, when there is no
pressure of time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The morning business
is over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think the Sena-
tor from Illinois can rely safely upon this ques-
tion being disposed of without some discussion,
and some very proper discussion. He says he
thinks the Senate understand the question. If
it should be decided by the two Houses in the
affirmative it would be a very novel result, to
say the least. There is no instance yet in which
such a bill has ever passed the two Houses,
taking effect, in the case of any claimant of a
seat in this body. The suggestion comes now
after a bill has been passed by both Houses,
which takes care of all the cases the two Houses
were willing to embrace, looking to the future;
and now the proposition is to pass a special
bill to meet the special case of a man who,
when elected, was disqualified—I do not use
the term in any technical sense—was without
the eligibility of qualification 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order. I ask whether it is in order to dis-
cuss the merits of the resolution on a motion
to take it up ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate on the
merits of the proposition is prohibited by the
eleventh rule; but the Chair must acknowl-
edge that he was conversing with a Senator
and did not hear the exact line of remark in
which the Senator from New York was indulg-
ing.
Mr. CONKLING. I was not able to hear
what the Chair has just said. Will he please
repeat his decision?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate on the |
merits of the proposition sought to be taken
up is prohibited by the eleventh rule. ,
Mr. CONKLING. Now, will the Chair be
kind enough to decide whether the Senator
npon the floor was transgressing that rule ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
confess that he was conversing with a Senator
at the time, and did not notice particularly the
line of remark.
Mr. CONKLING. I think the fact that the
attention of the Chair was diverted is my loss
and not the loss of the Senator who makes the
point, as I believe I was not alluding to the
merits of the resolution, in the sense of the
rule. I was suggesting that it was a very
proper matter to be considered whenever taken
up, and not to be voted upon on the idea that
those called upon to vote understand it now;
and, in that view, I was saying that it presented i
a case of special legislation adapted to a par-
ticular individual when the general subject had
already been disposed of by both Honses. If
I had made any remark trenching upon the
rule, I think that was the remark; and I hum-
bly submit to the Chair that that is not in
any sense debating the merits of the resolu-
tion.
The purpose of my suggestion is to con-
vince the Senate that unless the favorable vote
asked now is to be given with a view of devot-
ing considerable time to this subject it is not
worth while to take it up. It being, as I sup-
pose, not a privileged question, it will fall at
one o'clock, unless the business then in order
be put aside to continue it; and my suggestion
is. that if we are to take it up at all it had
better be with the understanding of dropping
it at one o'clock, or else atone o'clock dis-
placing whatever else may pertain to this day,
because I feel quite confident that _this resolu-
tion ought not to pass without consideration, ,
and consideration which has not been given i
to it and cannot have been given in this bo<ly '
to any question presenting the considerations
which this question does present. I would
much prefer, for one, that the Senator from
Illinois should indicate gome other time when
he will move to take it up, when, knowing that
we are to do so, every one who feels disposed
to agree with him or disagree may be prepared
to assign the reasons for his position.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that Mr. Miller
presents himself with the proper return from
the State of Georgia as a Senator from that
State, and asks to qualify and to be admitted
to his seat. I understand that that is not a
privileged question, bat that is a question of
privilege, and that that question may be made
at all times, unless when a Senator is occupy-
ing the attention of the Senate. Whenever a
member of either House presents himself at
the bar of that House with a return in due
form, and claims to be rightfully a member
of that House, and asks to qualify and to be
admitted to his seat, that I understand to be a
question of privilege which overrides all other
questions.
Now, I understand that the applicant here
presents himself in that posture. It is a ques-
tion as to completing the organization of the
Senate. The organization of the Senate is not
complete. Why? B^ause there is a member-
elect from the State of Georgia present with a
proper and legal return who has not been ad-
mitted to his seat. He offers himself at the
bar of the Senate, avers that he has the proper
return, and asks that he be admitted to take
the oath of office and his seat as a Senator.
That is the highest and the most privileged of
all questions that I know of in parliamentary
bodies. It is a question to complete the organ-
ization of the body, of the House, by the
admission of a legally elected and qualified
member to his seat; and I therefore hold
that that is a question of privilege, and of
the highest privilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair over-
rules the point of order made by the Senator
from Kentucky, and upon this ground: in the
House of Representatives questions of priv-
ilege have a higher rank than they have by
the usage of the Senate, because questions of
privilege affecting the right of a member to
his seat have always been taken up in the
Senate, according to its practice, by a direct
vote, and have not been liable to be called
up, as in the other House, as a matter ot
right; but even in the House of Representa-
tives, where these questions of privilege have
special and higher rank, where a question is
involved requiring legislation by both branches
of Congress, it is taken out of the category of
a question of privilege. If the Senator-elect
from the State of Georgia was ready to take
the oath prescribed by law then it would be
assimilated to a question of privilege in the
House of Representatives, but would still be
subject to the usage of the Senate, In this
case, however, the joint resolution presup-
poses that additional legislation is required,
not only by this body, but also by the House
of Representatives, with the concurrence of
the Executive.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I shall not
appeal from the decision of the Chair. I have
no doubt, however, that it is erroneous, and
that I shall live to see it overruled.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky appeal?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not.
Mr. THURMAN. The Vice President made
a remark which, 1 respectfully submit, he has
not duly considered ; that this is a resolution
which requires the signature of the Executive.
I do not think the President of the United
States has anything to do with the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a joint
resolution which provides—
That II. V. M. Miller, of Georgia, on entering « pon
the discharge of the duties of any office or position
to which he has been or may be elected or appoint-
ed instead of the oath prescribed by tho act ot July
■> ism may take and subscribe the oath prescribed
bv the aetof Congress entitled "An act, prescribing
a'u oath of office to betaken by persons irom whom
legal disabilities!) alihavebw removed," approve
July 11, W,
