1692
"THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
t ilege, the Post Office-Department sends through
the mails throughout the whole country this
immense number of envelopes free of charge,
and thus brings the Government into compe-
tition with every dealer in paper and stationery
throughout the whole United States. The
result -is, that the Government envelopes are
delivered free of charge in Oregon, in Califor-
nia* and at every intermediate point, while
those who are engaged in that business have
to pay the cost of transportation of those they
sell to their customers. I think I am not
wrong in stating these two points together, and
that the Senator from Connecticut offers this
amendment as bringing the whole subject be-
fore the Senate, and I wish it to be considered
in that view.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. If this amendment
shall be adopted, I have another amendment
which will meet the point presented by the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEAUNS. Mr. President, I cannot
allow this amendment to be acted upon with-
out saving one word. It seems to m'e it is not
fully understood. I understand that when
these envelopes are stamped it costs absolutely
nothing to print the return card or a direction
to have them returned. While they are going
through the press it is just as easy to print on
them whatever you want printed as not to
print it, and it costs nothing. These stamped
envelopes are to be furnished the people, and
are to be sent through the mails whether there
is anything printed on them or not. If the
Government can, without any cost to itself or
anybody else, furnish these envelopes with
such cards on them as the people desire, it
seems to me it is legislating in the interest
of monopoly, or in the interest of the manu-
facturers of envelopes, or of the printers, as
against the general interests of the people,
when you forbid the Government to do this.
I know as a business man that it is a very
great convenience to have these envelopes. I
know that the Government can furnish them
to me witli this printing on them just as
cheaply as not. If, however, it costs the Gov-
ernment more, let the Government charge
more for them ; but give to the people, to tile
business men of the country, the very great
convenience that we have had for a few years
past, of having envelopes, when we get them,
just as we want them.
it is very true that you may by refusing the
Government the privilege of printing these
cards on envelopes compel me, when I want
to use these envelopes, to get them through the
mails, just as I otherwise would, and afterward
pay a high price to some local printer to point
the card on them. What is that but a dead
loss? What is that but legislating money out"
of my pocket, and out of the pockets of the
people generally, into the pockets of the print-
ers? Bear in mind, the printing would have
cost the Government nothing. Each envelope
had to pass through the press just the same as
though the card was printed on it. I say there
is a dead loss. That envelope must be passed
through the printing press twice instead of
once. The people who use tile envelopes in-
stead of having that printing 011 them free,
without costing anybody anything, free as the
light of heaven, must pay foritto someprinter.
I am opposed to all such propositions. I do
not believe in the Government doing the busi-
ness of the people to the detriment of the vari-
ous interests of the country. But while they
are about this work, and as long as the printers
cannot furnish the stamps on the envelopes,
while the Government must furnish the envel-
opes with the stamps, and can just as cheaply
furnish them just as we want them, ready for
use, I say it is a mere robbery of my pocket
to put money into the pocket of some printer,
when you say the Government shall not do
that thing.
Mr. HOWELL. Mr. President, I have a
word to say on behalf of the printers and the
public. If it is right that the Government
shall-enter into competition with the printers
of the country, I do hot sefe why it is not right
for it to enter into competition with the law-
yers and merchants of the country. It strikes
me that it might be enabled to furnish -to the
people the counsel of good lawyers, doing the
work on a wholesale principle, quite as cheaply
as-those lawyers furnish their own services
to the people in the different localities of the
country.
Sir, this plea in behalf of the people, the
masses of the people, that they need these
cards printed free of charge, is a mere subter-
fuge. It is not the masses of the people, but
it is the men who are doing business, the law-
yers and the merchants of the country, who
want their cards printed upon these envelopes
free of cost. They cannot be printed free of
cost by the Government of the United States
or by anybody else. Here you are asked to,
legislate in behalf of certain business men and
certain lawyers, who want their cards printed
on envelopes free of cost, against the printers-
established in the different localities all over
the country, who are doing that kind of busi-
ness for pay, and who make their living by
doing that business and charging a fair com-
pensation for it« You call in the Government
to take away their business, and do it at the
expense of the people for the benefit of the
business men and the lawyers of the country.
That is precisely the proposition that is pre-
sented and advocated here.
The masses of the people generally know
that they have to pay for this work, and they
are opposed, and justly and properly opposed,
to the continuance of the system. If you are
to print these cards for the benefit of the
businessmen, ifyouareto furnish envelopes
for the benefit of business men, and thus
interfere witli the envelope and the paper-
manufacturing interest of the couutry and
those who are carrying on that business, and
make a monopoly of it by the Government,
there is no reason that I can see why you
should not extend your wholesale system still
furtherand include other departments of busi-
ness. 'There are many kinds of business that
can be carried on or can be facilitated at the
expense of the Government of the United
States on this wholesale principle, as I said
before, at a cheaper rate than it can be done
by local establishments. Even the merchants
and the lawyers of the country might be super-
seded upon this general wholesale system of
provision on the part of the Government of
the United States. The cost of the services
of the lawyer or of the goods of the merchant
might be reduced by congressional legislation
and by taking this business away from the local
establishments that carry it on for profit, and
carrying it on by the Government of the Uni-
ted States here at Washington, and distributing
it over the country at a less cost or free from
cost to the business men and to the people.
Mr. SAWYER, One reason, and a very
good one it seems to me, for continuing the
present system of printing of stamped en-
velopes, is the fact that it saves to the Govern-
ment directly a large expense in the return-
ing of letters from the dead-letter office. The
business of the dead-letter office has largely
decreased since the establishment of this
system.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from South
Carolina permit me to ask him if the same
result would not follow if individuals had the
printing done themselves ?
Mr. SAWYER. That may be ; but it seems
to me it is very questionable policy to put- the
doing of this work in the hands of men who
will charge eight or ten times as much for itas
it costs the Government to do it for the same
people. If it was a distinct branch of busi-
ness, and required distinct arrangements of the
Government to carry it on, it would present a
different question; but here the envelope has
to pass under the press for one purpose, andit
can be passed under the press for the double
purpose just as well as it can for the single
purpose. The cost to the Government is a
mere trifle, whereas the cost to an individual
printer who does only orie part of that work
is very considerable in proportion to the cost
to the Government.
Again, the proviso which has been reported
by the committee to this item i^ as follows:
Provided, That the manufacture of such envel-
opes shall be let by contract to the lowest responsi-
ble bidder, upon samples to be furnished by the Post-
master General, and shall be furnished by the Gov-
ernment at ten per cent, above actual cost.
Now, if there is any cost in stamping these
envelopes in this way, it will be reimbursed and
more than reimbursed to the Government by
this additional charge of ten per cent. It is
doing for the people that which the Govern-
ment can do just as well as not, at the lowest
possible price, at the same time that it is doing
service that the Government is obliged to do
by the post office system, instead of compelling
the business community and those who use
these envelopes to pay a large price, as they
will have to do if it is done by private individ-
uals. It is conferring a public benefit at 110
cost, while the discontinuance of the system
would be depriving a large portion of the
community of this public benefit. More than
that, the direct saving, as I remarked, to the
Dead Letter office is enough to make the sys-
tem advisable, if 110 Other inducement were
offered.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The statement made
by the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott]
is perfectly correct. Here are two or three
questions intimately connected : the manufac-
ture of the envelopes, the distribution of the
envelopes, and the printing upon them. Now,
what are the facts? Within a few years the
manufacture of envelopes has sprung up as
a new business. Only a short time ago it
was unknown in this country. The Post Office
Department had no benefit from it, nor had
the people. But certain men, by their own
ingenuity and skill, bave introduced this busi-
ness in the country, and prosecuted it to such
an extent as has made it fairly profitable. The
Government has discovered this fact, and it
now cotnes in to take hold of this which has
hitherto been a private business, and take it
out of the hands of the business men. I sub-
mit whether it is wise or right for this Govern-
ment to interfere with the business interests
of the people. I admit that if it does so, it
may benefit another class whose claims have
been presented by the Senator from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Stearns.]
1 am a merchant. I have been a merchant.
It will be a great, benefit to me if the Govern-
ment will continue to print business cards
upon my envelopes and let me circulate them
ail over the country. It would save me some
money; but I submit that the Government had
better let me pursue my own business in such
a way as I shall think wise and right and
proper in competition with others who know
more or less, as the case may be, and not
undertake to monopolize my business. They
may just as well undertake to do any other
kind of business for my benefit as a merchant,
or for the benefit of any other man who may
be a manufacturer. Why should you not take
hold of some other business which, if you can
only present and distribute the benefits of it
to the public as manufacturers-, you will bene-
fit all who receive from the Government? But
I submit that it is not, wise nor proper for the
Government to exercise such a power.
Now, I desire to make one statement, which
I believe to be true. I am informed that the
printing of these envelopes last year cost the
Government $35,000; that the contract has
been for eighty-six million envelopes, and the
charge for the printing on them was what I
state—$35,000. That divided, has cost the
Government $] 60 per thousand for printing.
That is for my benefit if you furnish cards to
me ; but 1 say that that benefit, coming as it
does in my right hand, is to my injury when
