256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
not propose to say to the Senate or to tlie
country that I am not willing or that the Sen-
aie ought not to trust him with the appoint-
ment of a commission in the finding of which
or in the investigation made by which he may
be somewhat interested. This resolution pro-
vides that they shall examine into the condi-
tion of the public domain, what concessions
have been made, what condition it is in. That
involves directly the question whether it has
been divided or parceled out between Baez
and the President or others. But, sir, that is
no reason why the President should not be
treated 111 this case as he is in all others of
the appointment of a commissiou. Who ever
heard of a legislative commission that was not
to be appointed by the President or the Gov-
ernor of a State? I could make no other pro-
vision without offering to him a direct insult.
Mr. THURMAN. I take it that my friend
from Indiana will find it very difficult indeed
to produce any precedent for such a commis-
sion as this. Legislative bodies are accustomed
to appoiut committees of investigation them-
selves, and it is the most unusual thing in the
world for a legislative body to vest in anybody
else the appointment of a committee or a com-
mission—for this is nothing but a committee—
to make an investigation.
I do not care one straw whether this amend-
ment be adopted or not. If I were a political
friend of the President I should say it ought
to be adopted. If you see fit on this question,
on which there is a difference between a large
body of the Senate and the President, to let it
go to the country that you give him alone the
power to select the jury, as it has been called,
do it. How much weight that will give to the
report of these commissioners it is very easy
to see. If you want to give weight to their
report, I should say political sagacity would
dictate that you approve his nominations. But
that is your business, not mine. I do not pre-
sume to give advice to the dominant party
here; but I do say this: although I am a polit-
ical, I am not a personal enemy of the Presi-
dent, of the United States ; and if I were his
best friend I would say to the Senate, "Do not
impose upon him in a matter about which there
is this difference between him and a large por-
tion of his own party the necessity of selecting
his own jury."
Mr. SCHURZ. I hope the Senator from
Indiana did not impute to me the motive of
Baying anything disrespectful of the President
in this matter.
- Mr. MORTON. Not at all.
Mr. SOHURZ. I expressed my astonish-
ment at such an idea having been brought for-
ward at all: but if the investigation is to have
that character, then I think that the Senator
from Ohio is clearly right. I for my part do
not think that it ought to have, nor do I think
that it will have that character.
But there is still another feature in this busi-
ness which would seem to render it proper
that these commissioners should be appointed
with the advice and consent of the Senate. It
is not the President who asks for information ;
but the information is to be furnished to the
two Houses of Congress, or possibly, if the
matter is to come up before us again in the
shape of a treaty, to the Senate alone.
Mr. MORTON. To both Houses.
Mr. SCHURZ. I say, in case it comes before
Congress in the shape of a joint resolution,
it will come before both Houses. But if the
theory which has been urged here should pre-
vail, and which I suppose is correct, that only
a State can be admitted by joint resolution and
not a Territory, the matter will come before the
Senate alone in the shape of a treaty; and then
the information is to be furnished for the ben-
efit of the Senate alone. Now it seeins to me
if the information is to be furnished to us, we
ought to have something to say with regard
to the gentlemen who are to be appointed to
collect and report it. I do not see anything
indecent in that. There may be persons very
eminent in life, of great scientific acquirements,
of high position, who may seem perfectly fitted
for this business to the President, and yet we,
who are to be instructed by them, may think
differently about it. I do not see any mark of
disrespect to the President in that. You might
just as well say that when he appoints a col-
lector of customs whom he may pretend to know
better than we do, that therefore the advice and
consent of the Senate might be dispensed with.
It is not dispensed with in such insignificant
cases; and I ask why in the name of common
sense it should be dispensed with in this im-
portant one?
Mr. BAYARD. I do not propose to repeat
what has been so well said by the honorable
Senator from Missouri and the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio on this subject, but to give
another reason which, in my opinion, should
remove any objection to the proposition I have
made to amend this resolution. In his mes-
sage to Congress at the commencement of the
present session the President said;
" My suggestion is, that by joint resolution of the
two Houses of Congress the Executive be authorized
to appoint a commission to negotiate a treaty with
the authorities of San Dominso for the acquisition
of that island, and that an appropriation be made to
defray the expenses of such commission."
The duty, then, of this commission, as the
President terms it, is to negotiate a treaty with
some foreign Government. By what name
would you term the negotiators of a treaty with
a foreign country? If they be not ministers to
a foreign country, embassadors, then I fail to
understand the meaning of words; and if they
are embassadors or ministers to a foreign conn-
try, as plainly they are intended to be by this
resolution, then the Constitution of the United
States requires that they shall be appointed by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Perhaps a reference to the Constitution may
be considered, in the time in which we live,
not particularly important or of much weight;
but it does affect me still, and for that rea-
son, if there were no other, I should say it was
proper that the amendment should prevail.
Mr. SHERMAN. While Senators have been
discussing this matter I have looked up sev-
eral precedents, and I find that uniformly the
commissioners appointed to negotiate treaties
with our Indian tribes, which is probably nearly
a parallel case to this, have never been con-
firmed by the Senate. There are several trea-
ties in the volume which I hold m my hand, and
the commissioners to negotiate those treaties
with the Itidianshavebeenuniformlyappointed
under the general authority of law. Sometimes
they have been officers who have been con-
firmed by the Senate as superintendents of
Indian affairs or Indian agents, but generally
individual citizens who have been selected by
the President at large, and who have made
treaties and signed them as commissioners.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not think that is a
parallel case. There is an artificial recog-
nition of the condition of the Indians in this
country as foreign tribes in our midst; but the
honorable Senator knows very well that our
intercourse with the Indians has never reached
the dignity of diplomatic relations.
Mr. SHERMAN. Still an Indian treaty may
involve much more, in amount certainly, than
! a proposition merely to gather information in
a foreign country.
Mr. BAYARD. I recollect very well, and
most of the Senate recollect, that the treaty of
Ghent was negotiated by commissioners, as we
well know, and I apprehend those commis-
sioners were appointed by the President by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
There can be no doubt on that subject; and
I think the proposition would have been mon-
strous that the President of the United States
should be enabled to appoint foreign minis-
ters of such dignity and importance without the
intervention ot the Senate of the United States.
Mr. CONKLING-. The weight of this re-
port, I apprehend, will depend, not upon the
mode of appointment, but upon the character
of those who shall be selected and the kind of
validity that they infuse into their own report
by its character. If this suggestion had been
made, not in the presence, but in the absence
of all that has occurred on this subject, itwould
present to my mind no question except one of
convenience in the mode of transacting busi-
ness, no personal question; but after all that
has taken place, to my mind it does present a
question whether it is worth while or right, at
this stage of the proceedings, to do anything
which even in the estimation of a hair looks
like withholding from the Executive full con-
fidence in this regard.
Now, sir, 1 should object to this proposition
011 the ground of utility and convenience
merely if the case so stood that we were at
liberty to divest the question of everything else.
In the first place, if these men are to be sub-
mitted to the Senate forits advice andcousent,
they are to be brought into that category
described in the Constitution of the United
States where officers are spoken of. Now,
what is the effect of that at once? First, every
general of the Army is excluded, because the
statute will not permit him to hold two offices.
If the wish of the President is to ask General
Sherman, among others, to go there and look
into this matter, he cannot go because the
statute has nominated General Sherman as one
who shall not hold this office as it would be
then. If the President wishes to send any
person holding an office in the Coast Survey,
or holding a commission or an appointment
anywhere in the civil, military, or diplomatic
service of the Government, the statute stands
a lion in his path, and says, "No, you shall
not nominate him, because he is^clothed with
one office already."
Again, if the President chooses to say, " I
ask the Senator from Missouri, who has sig-
nalized his intelligence on this subject and his
opposition to this project so thoroughly, to go
as one of this commission," I would not do
anything to prevent his making that selection.
If he chooses to make the same suggestion in
regard to the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thbr-
MA>f,] his known candor and his known abil-
ity would commend the selection in my esti-
mation.
Therefore, for purposes of mere convenience,
I should do no such thing; but I would allow
the President to do that thing, so familiar that
you cannot talk about precedents, for it has
been the every-day practice from the founda-
tion of the Government to the present hour
for the President to send individuals agents,
whatever you may please to call them, to
acquire information or to transact business.
So universal has it been, that one Senator has
said that without permission and without law
the Piesident, in and of himself, has the right
to select and designate these persons. And
yet how absurd it would be to argue that in
truth the creation of an office is neccssary to
do this!
But, sir, let me conclude by saying that I
should like to stand by this resolution as it was
made in this respect, and let its remaining
unchanged be a part of the significance which
the conclusion of these proceedings shall give
to the incidents and the character of the pro-
ceeding which has attended the passage of this
resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. I am astonished at the
remark with which the Senator from New York
has concluded his speech. To my surprise, the
Senatorfrom New Yorkin theelaborate speech
he made to-night placed the adoption of this
resolution, m part at least, upon the ground
that the President stood in the attitude of an
accused person, a person 011 trial, entitled at
least to tile privilege that every other alleged
culprit has.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not say that, I beg
my honorable friend to remember.
Mr. THURMAN. Undoubtedly, if the Sen-
ator will look athis remarks, he will see, though
I do not pretend to quote his exact words, that
