1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1695
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to strike out the
twenty-first and twenty-second lines of the sec-
ond section of the bill, in the words "for
steamship service between San Francisco and
the Sandwich Islands, $75,000," and to insert
in lieu thereof:
That the Postmaster General is hereby authorized
and directed to extend the service now existing for
file transportation of the mails between San Fran-
cisco and the Sandwich Islands to New Zealand and
Australia, for the period of twelve years from the
commencement of the extended service, at an Addi-
tional compensation not exceeding $300,000 per
annum: Provided, That the entire service between
San Francisco and New Zealand and Australia shall
consist of thirteen round trips in each year, to bo
performed in first-class American-built passenger
ships ot not less than two thousand" tons register
burden.
Mr. CHANDLER. That opens up the whole
question of steamship subsidies, and I shall
desire to be heard at considerable length when-
ever that question comes up. 1 have the statis-
tics of the commerce between Japan and San
Francisco, and between Australia and San
Franeisco, and the whole traffic between the
United States and those points before me ; and
I should object to considering that subject this
afternoon unless the Senate propose to have
an evening session. I do not know whether
they do propose to have an evening session or
not; but I assure the Senator that this amend-
ment cannot pass without full discussion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It would accommodate
me very much it' the subject could not be con-
sidered to day ; but I offer this amendment
now because I have been advised that it is the
determination of the committee to put this bill
through to-night; and if so, 1 should like to
dispose of what i have to do with it now and
be released, that is all.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senate will remem-
ber that this whole question of steamship sub-
sidies has been before the Senate for years,
and there are now two bills before the Senate,
one from the Committee on Commerce, and
one from the Committee on Post Offices and
Post lloads, on this very point, and it must
necessarily lead to a very full and free discus-
sion. I know that several Senators have ex-
pressed to me their desire to take part in this
discussion. Therefore, as we sat up nearly all
night last night and a good part of the night
beloie, I move that the Senate now go into
executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend from
Michigan to withdraw that motion for a mo-
ment.
Air. CHANDLER. Certainly, if the Sen-
ator will renew it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am informed by the
Senator from Oregon that he desires to be
absent this evening, and must necessarily be
absent on other husiness; and I think it would
be but fair to give "him an opportunity to pre-
sent the amendment that he now offers to-day,
because he is compelled by other official duties
to be absent to-night. My hope is that Sen-
ators interested in these measures proposing
steamship subsidies will withdraw them, be-
cause I know from what I have already seen
in the Senate that they will lead to long dis-
cussion, and in my judgment will be defeated
in the end; but whether that be so or not, I
think we ought to give our friend from Oregon
an opportunity to present his amendment now.
Mr. CHANDLER. To present if, but not
act upon it. 1 have no objection to his pre-
senting it before my motion is put. l am
prepared myself to go on with this discussion.
I have all the statistics before me. But we
have had continuous labor now for several
days. I will consent that the amendment shall
be offered and be before the body. I, of
course, do not wish to obstruct him in the
motion 1 make.
Mr. POMEflOY. I suggest to the Senator
that the better way would be to vote down this
increase of subsidy to the China line 
Mr. CHANDLER. That comes in the same
category.
Mr. tOMEROY. We might votethatdown;
and then I think we ought to encourage the
Australia line, because that opens a new field.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like the Sen-
ator from Kansas to hear what I have to say
on the subject before he makes up his mind
upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan is entitled to r,he floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to finish what I
have to say. If the Senator moves to go into
executive session with a view of an adjourn-
ment 
Mr. CHANDLER. I do.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I hope the Senator
will not do that, because we have but one -day
for each of the appropriation bills; and un-
less we can finish the Post Office appropriation
bill to-day, I do not see how we can get along.
We have-Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Thursday of next week. Those are all the
days we can count upon ; and then we have
the Army bill, the Navy bill, the civil bill, the
deficiency bill, and the river and harbor bill to
consider; and we have got to finish one appro-
priation bill a day. Although it is wearisome
work, yet we have got to sit this bill out to-
night. I hope, therefore, that we shall not go
into executive session or adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am prepared to go on
with this discussion now; andifSenatorsdesire
that it shall go on, and that we shall proceed
and finish this appropriation bill, I will with-
draw the motion for an executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands, then, that the amendment of the
Senator from Oregon is received; and he is
entitled to the floor upon it, if there is no
objection.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not propose this
amendment with a view of making a speech.
I proposed it for the purpose of having it
incorporated into the bill, and it is not my
object to discuss the great question of the com-
merce of the Pacific ocean.
Senators will observe that this is an amend-
ment proposing to extend an existing contract.
At this time there is a contract for the trans-
portation of the mails between San Francisco
and the Sandwich Islands, at an annual com-
pensation of $75,000. This amendment pro-
poses to extend that contract to Australia and
New Zealand, with an additional compensation
of $300,000 per annum. Now, this service
between San Francisco and the Sandwich
Islands is performed one trip every month,
and may be performed with any ship exceed-
ing one thousand tons register burden. But
the amendment proposed requires the entire
service between San Francisco and New Zea-
land and the Sandwich Islands to be performed
by first-class American ships of not less than
two thousand tons burden, so that it adds
greatly to the service and to the character
of the ships used in the transportation of the
mails.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that there is
an imperative necessity for some action by
Congress upon this subject at this time. If the
Senate is determined to reject all propositions
of this kind, of course it is a waste of time
and strength to argue the question. The post-
master general of New Zealand is nowiti Wash-
ington, to make, ifpossible, some arrangement
in reference to the transportation of the
mails between the United States and Austra-
lia and New Zealand. He represents that the
people of those countries are very much inter-
ested in this arrangement, and that it is abso-
lutely necessary that some provision should be
made by Congress of this nature in order to
maintain the commercial relations between the
United States and those countries.
There are more than two and a half million
people there speaking our language and seek-
ing to be connected with us in every possible
way, and especially by the increase of com-
mercial intercourse and business relations.
They are particularly desirous that facilities
for commerce shall be built up between our
country and theirs. Their commerce with
other countries is immense. It amounts to
nearly four hundred million dollars per annum,
and at this tune it is carried on by a line of
ships between Australia and Great Britain that
is subsidized to the extent, I believe, of about
one million dollars per annum.
The temporary arrangement that is now made
for the transportation of the mail between the
United States and Australia will expire in a
few weeks, and unless some arrangement can
be made by subsidy, as proposed, there will be
little or no connection between the two coun-
tries, and the mails that are now transported
across the United States to Australia from
Europe will be carried by the Peninsular and
Oriental line over another and different route,
and we shall lose the commerce and all tbe
trade between Australia, New Zealand, and
theislands of Polynesia, and the United States.
Here is a proposition to open up a new com-
merce. Here is a proposition to invite the
people who inhabit those rich and extensive
countries to commerce with the United States.
It presents a different question, as it seems to
me, from subsidizing ships in a commerce that
is already established between this and other
countries. Certainly it is of great consequence
to the people of the United States that they
should control, if possible, the commerce of
the Pacific ocean ; and at this time, while we
are engaged in the construction of railroads
across the continent and assisting those rail-
roads by donations of laud and by subsidies
of bonds, it is of the utmost consequence to
the Government and to the country that busi-
ness should be drawn to these railroads on
the Pacific side of the continent from China,
Japan, Australia, and all those countries that
lie in tbe Pacific facing the United States. It
is a simple proposition for Congress to determ-
ine whether or not they are willing to vote a
subsidy of ยง300,000 in addition to what is now
paid to establish a line of first-class steam-
ships between the United States and Aus-
tralia, or whether they are willing to allow
that trade to be abandoned and to fall into
the hands of Europeans.
Now, sir, in Australia there are two and a
half million people, as I have before said.
Their imports amount to $180,000,000 of man-
ufactured articles per annum. They export
wool, gold, tallow, hides, wine, copper, and
articles of that description. The line now
running between Australia and England is a
line that is subsidized at the rate of $1,000,000
per anuum. How can the United States ex-
pect to compete for this commerce unless
some provision is made, unless some subsidy
is provided by this country to enable those who
propose to engage in this business to compete
with a line of steamships that receives a sub-
sidy of ยง1,000,000 from Great Britain?
Establish this line, Mr. President, and the
time taken in travel from Great Britain to Aus-
tralia will be between thirty and forty days,
while the time that is now occupied by the
shortest route is from fifty to sixty days; so
that there will be an advantage in time of len
or fifteen days, which will necessarily bring
across the United States a very large amount
of the travel between these two great countries.
The aggregate amount of exports and im-
ports of Australia at this tune is $375,000,000.
This is an immense trade. This is a trade
that is entitled to the consideration of the
people of this country. Unless Congress take
some steps on the subject at this time, while
these people are anxious and waiting, while
they are calling upon us to assist in the estab-
lishment of this line ot steamers, it is inevita*
ble that this whole commerce will pass out of
our hands and be lost to the United States.
We may secure it by aiding to establish a line
of steamships to run between the United States
and the Australian colonies.
1 do not see how there can be before Con-
gress a proposition of more merit than the
one here submitted. I am sure there is no
