lQSi
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
are fixed by law independent of the appro;
priation bill. There is no provision for the
creation of such an office in tjie appropriation
bill. The appropriation bill merely provides
an appropriation for such as are authorized
by law. . ■
Mr. D4.YI§. J submit to the honorable Sen-
ator from California whejther, if there is an
offipe to which is attached a salary that has
no duties to perform, it is not the business of
that committee and of every Senator to recom-
mend the discontinuance of that office. Two
sessions ago there wa§ a resolution introduced
on this subject ancj. referred to the Committee
on Xietrenchmenf, that they inquire into and
report what clerkships of committees that had
nothing to do might be properly discontinued.
I think that the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, who has the whole subject of
appropriations under his supervision, might
well take up the matter of abolishing the clerk-
ships where the clerk^have nothing to do, and
saving that amount to the Treasury; and if it
is desirable to have other clerks, let them or
some other persons be appointed to perform
the'duties that are too onerous for the present
force of clerks in the office to perform.
Mr. COLE. The committee nave no inform-
ation that there are any clerks engaged here
that have nothing to do. They do know that
the clerks of the committees of which they are
members have a very great amount of business
to do. If there are committees, to which they
do not belong, where the clerks are not em-
ployed, or have not much to do, that is a mat-
ter within the knowledge of the Senator from
Kentucky and not within the knowledge of the
Senator who is acting temporarily as chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations.
IVJr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Palifor-
nia will just take up and examine the subject,
he will find out the truth of my statement. I
do not know anybody to whom it more prop-
erly belongs than himself. I occupy no posi-
tion of trust or authority; he does. He is act-
ing chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations. He ought not to permit the Senate to
vote appropriations for officers that have no
duties; and if he would just investigate that
subject a little he would find that it is not only
the fact, but that it has been the conceded
fact here for two or three years, or longer,
that there were some half a dozen clerks of
committees who have nothing to do. I do not
know any Senator whose more appropriate
duty it is to look into that subject than the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have found the letter
or statement of the Secretary on which the
committee acted j and before the question is
put I ask to have it read, and then the Senate
will decide what they desire to do.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Office Secretary United States Senate,
December 14,1870.
There are now regularly employed in the office of
the Secretary of the Senate
Six regular clerks, at $2,220    $13,320
Five temporary clerks, tour at $2,140, and
one at $1,500,  10.060
Two messengers, at $1,296  2,592
Two pages, one at $1,095, and one at $720  1,815
Total : $27,787
The temporary clerks, so called, are actually regu-
lar clerks, necessary to the transaction of the public
business. I took the office a3 I found it in that re-
gard, but think it would bo better to have things
called by their right names. One of the "pages/'
so called, is paid out of the contingent fund three
dollars per day under a resolution of the Thirty-
fourth Congress. He is acting as assistant financial
clerk, and is a most efficient clerk. One ot the mes-
sengers, so called, is one of my most competent clerks,
and has been daring my term. He has arranged a
Senate library during the recess, a convenience the
Senate has never had before, and I desire that he
may act as libraiian. The other messenger is clerk
in the stationery department, and by his correctness
and fidelity has aided mo greatly in the considerable
reduction £ have made in the amount expended for
stationery. The remaining page, who is on the reg-
ular'roll, I can dispense with. I aisk, then, that the
temporary clerks with the two messengers and page,
who have been so acting, be made regular clerks, all
hut'two receiving pay of present regulars," and that
tliese'two receive $1,600 per annum each. -
I also ask an appropriation of $250 for extra clerks,
to cover pay of such additional force as may be
required in the enrolling''tod engrossing depart-
ment at the close of the sessio'n'.
The appropriation would then be in the aggregate
$29,840, as follows:
Eleven regular clerks, at $2,220 $24,420
Two regular clerks, at $1,600 
Librarian..: ;     2,220
Total   $29,§4p
"Which is an increase in amount of the pay of one
clerkonly, made necessary by the detailing of a clerk
to librarian duty." '
GEOEGE C. GORIJAM,
' ' Secretary.
Mr. CQLE. I will add bijt.one word. The
proposed increase of regular clerks"seems at
first sight to be adding to the expense of this
department of the Government; but, by look-
ing further on, it will be seen that one item of
$10,000 for temporary clerks is stricken oui,
and on the following page, page 5, line ninety-
two, the sum there, part of which might be used
to supply this deficiency of labor, is cut down
from $30,000 to $25,000, so that the amount
of the expenditures for this branch of the ser-
vice is increased less than a thousand dollars.
Mr. fO MERQ Y. I ask the Senator whether
this includes, also, the executive clerk and his
assistants?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; they are provided for
in another place.
Mr. POMEROY. I find that we have an
executive clerk and also two assistant executive
clerk's. I should like to know what in the
world two assistant executive clerks have to
clo. I am informed even by the executive
clerk himself that he does not know of any
necessity for more than one assistant, and yet
we pay for two and keep them there.
Mr. COLE. They are authorized by law.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us dispense with one
of them at any rate ; and I think we ought not
to employ as many as six permanent clerks
where we have been in the habit of employing
as many temporary clerks, but should employ
them only during the session. Why put them
on for the year when their services as tempo-
rary clerks are only required for the session or
part of the session?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Because the Secretary
says he requires them all the time, employs
them all the time, keeps them at work all the
time.
Mr. POMEROY. If there is as much for
these gentlemen to do when Congress i3 not
here as when it is here, it is a statement of the
public business which I cannot understand.
The VICE PRESIDEN1'. The question is
on the amendment reported by the Committee
on Appropriations.
The amendment was rejected—ayes thirteen,
noes not counted.
Mr. COLE. I move to pass over that part
of the bill for the present. This action involves
the necessity of other amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the bill is left just as
it is, it does not require any amendment. It
will only leave the service as it was before,
and they can get on as best they can.
Mr! COLE. Very well.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in lines'twenty-three arid
twenty-four, to insert "two clerks, at $1,600
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
will be passed over for the present on the
suggestion of the Senator from California.
1 ne reading of the bill was continued.
The next amendment of'the Committee on
Appropriations wa^ in tine* forty-four, after
the word " iiness'e'ngers," fo strike out ihe
words "to be appointed and removed by the
Sergeant-at-Arms, with the approval of the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contin-
gent Expenses of the Senate."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what the practice now is, and why those words
are to be stricken out.. }s it the practice now
to appoint and remove by the approval of the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contin-
gent Expenses of the Senate?"
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator from Illinois
has perhaps forgotten tjiat this provision was
put into last year's "appropriation bill for the
fcirst time, and the bill comes this year from
the other House in the same form. The object
of the committee iu proposing to" strike it out
is to insure better discipline in the corps, to
have (.hem under charge of the Sergeant-at-
Arms entirely, without, reference to any com-
mittee of this body, believing that better dis-
cipline and efficiency will be obtained in that
way. Some difficulties have occurred in conse-
quence of the fact that it required some time to
remove. There seems to be no reason why the
pages and messengers- should not be appointed
by the Sergeant-at-Arms just as much as airy
clerk is appointed by the head of the depart-
ment or officer in charge of the business to
which he is assigned.
' Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the system will
not be introduced into this body ot having a
controversy at every session about the appoint-
ing and removing of the officials of the Senate.
The practice of the Senate has been to make
its officers somewhat permanent. We very
seldom change our Secretary or Sergeant-at-
Arms, and I do not know why the subordin-
ates should be subject to be removed every
day and others put in their places, unless it
be for cause.
Although the Senator intimates that there
has been some difficulty in regard to this mat-
ter, I must say that I never heard of it and 1 do
not know what it is. I should like to be better
informed as to that point. I't seems to ine
that our Committee on Contingent Expenses
will never interpose to prevent the removal of
an officer who does not do his dntv. I think
if you strike out the clause the result will be
that there will be a scramble here at every
session, and a pressure upon the Sergeant-at-
Arms which he would not otherwise be sub-
jected to. I should think it would be a great
relief to the Sergeant-at-Arms to have this
clause in, making it necessary to have the
approval of the Committee on Contingent
Expenses to the removal of the different em-
ployes. It would relieve him from a pressure ;
but if you repeal that provision and authorize
the Sergeant-at-Arms to appoint and remove
at pleasure he will be overwhelmed with pres-
sure all the time to make changes in the
appointees about the Senate.
I hope the scramble for office will not be
introduced into this body, which I believe is
about the only branch of the public service iu
the whole Government that has been kept
somewhat free from this eternal pressure. So
far as I know, 1 have no interest in the em-
ployes of the Senate; there is no person here
that I am aware of employed at my instance,
and therefore there will be nobody to be re-
moved by the Sergeant-at-Arms whose lemoval
would concern me ; but I think it would be
better to leave this matter just as it is : bettor
for the Sergeant-at-Arms and better for the
Senate. I hope this amendment will not be
concurred in." I should, however, before we
go further, like to know specifically from the
Senator from South Carolina what the diffi-
culty is. lie speaks of a want of discipline.
Has the Committee on Contingent Expenses
interfered with the action of the Sergeant-at-
Arms in having proper discipline ? It so, that
would present a different state of things ; but I
can hardly believe that is so.
Mr. SAWYER. -I have no doubt that there
.is a scramble going on heie at all times for
