258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
deal longer than I intended; bat I trust I may
be pardoned, as I have only spoken twenty-
five minutes before fo-day on this subject, and
I think it the privilege of an old man to be a
little garrulous and sometimes to play the
mentor, though nobody is less qualified than I
am to do that. I only wish to say, in conclu-
sion on this subject, gentlemen, if you choose
to weaken the effect of this report, which I
know will be an argument in favor of the an-
nexation of Dominica, I think you can weaken
it by saying that the President alone shall ap-
point these commissioners. If you see proper
still further to weaken it by saying the Presi-
dent is on trial and you submit to him the
choice of his own jury ; if you see proper still
further to weaken it by acquitting the President
in advance, as the Senator from New York
suggests, gentlemen can do it. That is all.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I exceed-
ingly regret that the suggestion should be
thrown out, and that too by the particular
guardians of the political character of the Pres-
ident of the United States, that this resolution
means something other than it expresses upon
its face. I had not the least idea that there
was in this proceeding any attempt to meet any
supposed impugnment of his character. I took
it for granted that it was a business proposition,
and not meant for political or personal effect
or results in any way—I mean political in a
party sense. But if, as it has been suggested,
there is the intention to convert this business
resolution into one of inquiry, in which there
shall be after a certain manner prosecution and
defense of the personal character of this high
official, then it seems to me that the proposi-
tion I have made, to submit the names of his
o appohitments to the consideration of the Sen-
ate before their confirmation, is more than ever
necessary. Hut I am not the guardian of his
political reputation. I only can say that I am
not unfriendly to it, and that he never shall,
nor shall any friend of his ever have cause of
complaint of anything like the lack of fair play
and due respect toward him as a man or as an
officer.
If, however, the gentlemen of the majority
in their superior wisdom consider that they aid
the President by refusing to give to his appoint-
ments the color of impartiality that the con-
currence of the Senate in some degree would
give, that is their decision; it certainly is not
mine. I have placed my reason for making
the concurrence of the Senate in these appoint-
ments necessary on totally different grounds,
and to those grounds I desire still to restrain
my discussion. I regard it as exceedingly
unfortunate, and to me it has been very far
from pleasing personally, that his character in
any way should have been dragged directly or
indirectly into this discussion. It has not been,
in my opinion, just, to him, and for one of those
standing politically opposed to the party that
elected him, I must express my regret that it
has occurred.
Mr. STOCKTON. I rise to say one serious
word ; and it is simply that, like the gentleman
who has just^ spoken, I had not the slightest
idea when this resolution was introduced that
there was to be any attempt made to put the
President oil trial. During the time the Sen-
ator from iNew York was opening this ease I
turned to one of my associates who sat near me
and said : *' It what the Senator from New York
says is true; if the charges are so grave; if
they could be substantiated, the Presidentought
to be impeached; if he is in the position that
charges such as we have heard to-day have been
made against him, they are grave charges for
which he ought to bo impeached if true. What
docs this mean ? Why do his friends exaggerate
the attack made on him V' I mention this to show
that whatever the Senator from New Xork may
have meant, the impression on our side of the
house was, after he had spoken, that he asked
for this commission on the ground, and mainly
on the ground, that it was due to the President.
He said it was but fair to the President that
they should be sent down there to make this
examination. Now, under these circumstances
should he appoint his own court and his own
witnesses, and should these two be one? Now
I understand the question comes up as to the
appointment of the commissioners, and the
motion of the Senator from Delaware that the
resolution shall be so amended that the con-
firmation of the Senate shall be requisite to their
appointment. I simply have to say that if I were
the President I should say "save mo from my
friends.'' I really believe that it is the unkind-
est thing for him you could possibly do. Yrou
should not place the President in such an un-
enviable position. The President of the United
States should not seek vindication unless it is
needed, unless he has been vilified to his injury
and scandal; if he does, the court that tries
him should be appointed by some power, some
will besides his own.
The argument of the Senator from New York
is that he wants the resolution put through
just as it is, just as it was drawn; and if I am
not mistaken, in the course of the debate some
Senator suggested, " Suppose, if you please, it
was drawn by the President himself." I my-
self do not suppose it was; butthat supposition
has been presented by somebody. The Senator
from New York defends his course on this
proposed amendment on the ground that after
what has occurred he wants the resolution
to go through just as it is. I want to help
him in that argument by telling him a little
anecdote.
There was a member of one of the State
Legislatures, and you may suppose it to be the
State of New York, who was not the most bril-
liant man in the world, who had put into his
hands a bill, and the party who put it into his
hands had taken great caro in drawing the bill,
and did not want it altered. Perhaps there
was what is sometimes called a " nigger in the
fence," and the party who drew the bill was
very much afraid of amendments. So he said
to this member of the Legislature, " Don't let
that bill be amended or altered." The reply
was, "All right; I will not let it be altered."
The member had no sooner introduced the bill
than some gentleman jumped up and offered
an amendment. Then the member rose and
made this speech: "Mr. Speaker, I hope that
amendment will not prevail. If them people
that drew that bill had wanted it in they would
have put it there." [Laughter.] That is pre-
cisely the argument of the Senator from. New
York, as 1 understand it. He does not want
this amendment in the bill; if those who drew
it wanted any but the President to appoint the
commission they would have put it there;
they want it to go through just as they drew it.
I believe they are doing the President, as I said
before, a serious injury. Of course I know
they are not doing it intentionally ; but I am
very certain that by the course they are taking
they are doing him an injury. I only rose to
express this view in common with my friends
who have spoken before, and out of regard to
the dignity of the high office of Chief Magistrate
of this nation.
Mr. HOWE. As a slight mark of my grati-
tude for the voluntary testimony which the hon-
orable Senator from New Jersey has just borne
to the spotless character of the President, I beg
leave now to assure him thatwhen he shall have
the happiness of being elected President of the
United States I will do the best I can to save
him from his friends. [Laughter.]
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Bayaud,] on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckingham, Casserly,
Johnston, McCreery, lioss, Stockton, Sumner, TL ur-
man, and Tipton—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow, Car-
penter, Chandler, Cole, Conkhng, Corbett, Crann
Edmunds, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Iiamlin,
Harlan, Howe, Howell, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool
Ramsey, Revels, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart,
Thayer, Warner, and Williams—83.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony. Boreman, Cameron,
Cattell, Davis, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler, Gilbert,Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Harris, Howard, Kellogg, Mc-
Donald, Morrill of Maine, Pratt, Rice, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Scliurn, Spencer, Sprague, Trumbull,
Vickers, Willey, Wilson, Winilom, and Yates—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I now move to amend this
resolution by inserting after the word ' 'granted''
the words "with the names of the respectire
grantees;" so as to read:
What proportion is covered by grants or conces-
sions, and generally what concessions and franchises
have been granted, with the names of the respective
grantees.
Mr. THURMAN. I desire to inquire how
many Senators were present on the last vote?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Forty-three; ten
in the affirmative, thirty-three in the negative.
Mr. CONKLING. And there were some
other Senators here who did not vote.
Mr. THURMAN. I thought the nays were
twenty-three, and the whole number thirty-
three.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
have announced the absence of a quorum if
there had been less than the number necessary
to constitute a quorum.
Mr. THURMAN. I knew there was a quo-
rum present; but what I wish to submit to the
Senate is whether it is quite fair to keep us here
under these circumstances. There are twenty-
eight Senators absent, and I think nearly all
of them are Republicans. Is it quite fair to
ask us to stay here to make a quorum when
twenty-five or twenty-six of your members of
the Senate go off to consult their ease ? I move
that the Senate adjourn. [Two o'clock and
fifty minutes a. m.]
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware, to insert after the word "granted,"
in line twenty-four of section one, the words
"with the names of the respective grantees."
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that is sufficiently
covered by the words already there.
Mr. THURMAN. No, it is not.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to this amendment? The Chair hears
none. The amendment is agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I offer an amend-
ment, to come in after the word "granted," in
the twenty-fourth line.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Words have just
been inserted there.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Letthis amendment
follow the words that have been added.
The words proposed to be inserted were read,
as follows:
And whether any, and if any, what villages, towns,
or sections of the island now occupied by the people
of one Government are claimed by any other Gov-
ernment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I cherish no ani-
mosities either toward the Senate or any Sen-
ator, or toward the President of the United
States. For that officer I have a very great
respect, I do not know but that I can say the
highest. I do not know but that it is possible
for me to cherish a higher regard for a man
than I do for the President; and yet I beg leave
to say that there are few men who ever com-
manded my confidence and my respect as the
President of the United States. I know some-
thing of the services which he has rendered ;
I know something of the benefits which those
services have been to this j^eople ; I know how
they have sent peace where before there was
nothing but turmoil and disturbance; and 1
know that a man who has acted with such
fidelity in the position which he has occupied,
and who has filled that position so well, woith*
ijy stands at the head ot the Republican party,
the parly that has saved this Government, and
worthily stands at the head of the nation.
Sir, 1 have unqualified confidence in the in-
tegrity and in the patriotism of the President;
