260
THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
December 21,
thought that perhaps I might be allowed to say
in a word or two, as briefly as I could—and I
can generally be very brief if I try 
Mr. ABBOTT. Let us have a vote.
Mr. POMEROY. Very soon. While I would
not restrict the Presidentin regard to the class
of persona that he may select for this commis-
sion, yet I would consider it improper almost
for any member of the Senate or for any mem-
ber of the Houso of Representatives to go
upon it. There is a condition of affairs that
may occur when we shall have to sit in judg-
ment 011 this question. No one of our num-
ber, or of the House of Eepresentatives, if the
question goes there, should have been a party
to the report, unless it is sent out as an invest-
igating committee, as my friend from Iowa
[Mr. Haulan] has suggested, by Congress. It
has been customary for Congress to send out
committees. The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] came to Kansas, I remember, on a
commission sent out by Congress or by the
House of Representatives, I do not know which.
That has been common. But when we under-
take to allow the President to select commis-
sioners, I do not think he should be restricted
in the resolution itself to going outside of any
body of men he may choose, although I know
that there is one individual here that could
not be persuaded to go, because I think per-
sons who are not required to take any part in
the transaction should be the ones to furnish
the information.
One view of this question has not been pre-
sented, if it is possible to suppose such a thing.
This is no time to express our individual opin-
ions, perhaps, about annexation; but I want
to say in a single word how this question has
affected my own mind. It is no question of
cheap sugar or cheap tobacco with me, or of
dollars and cents particularly. I think sugar
is as cheap now as those who make it can rea-
sonably ufford to have it; it only affords a rea-
sonable remuneration to the parties who are
making sugar now. T do not care to have it
any cheaper, and especially I do not care to
have tobacco any cheaper. It is not a ques-
tion of sugar or tobacco or commerce simply
that affects iny own mind; it is a question
whether we have a Government that can be
extended over a people for their benefit and
not to our injury.
Jt has been more than hinted in this Senate
that this annexation would be a cruelty to the
African race, as if this American Government
of ours could not protect the black man where
ever its flag may float. I undertake to say that
since ivy have gilded gloriously our Constitu-
tion by, first, the thirteenth amendment, which
abolished slavery wherever the old flag should
wave; and then by the fourteenth amendment,
which defined the condition of citizens, gave
a definition to what should qualify a man to be
a citizen of the United States when there was
no condition prescribed before; and then by
the fifteenth amendment, which put the ballot
iuto the hands of every man from out of every
nation under heaven, if he was a citizen among
us—1 say when we have organized a Govern-
ment under such amendments to our Consti-
tution, it that Constitution and Government
cannot protect the African race and the negro,
•what constitution and Government can do it?
To whose tender mercies will you commit them
if not to the tender mercies of the American
people, where the black men have one million
ballots, and where the first time they voted
they were able to send to this Senate an hon-
ored and distinguished member of their race,
and, as f am told, some half a dozen to the
House of Representatives this year?
If the Al'iicasi race and their rights are not
made secure under our form of government
and under the provisions of the Constitution
now amended and enforced, where civil and
political rights arc equal, tell me where you
will have a Government where these people
can bo protected and where their rights can be
made more secure ? To ray mind this question
of annexation is more one of philanthropy
than of commerce. It is more for the good
of those people than it is a question whether
we shall have open ports to which to ship our
flour and hams and provisions, to be sold in
those markets.
I have looked at it, for my own part, only
with that view, and I confess I come to the
conclusion that this Government of ours, while
it is the best and safest Government for us, is
good for that people, and that it is a wise and
beneficent provision to extend it to them. I
do not think the tropics have any aversion to
republicanism. I do not believe a man is any
the less a man and any the less entitled to
self-government because he lives in the trop-
ics. I believe republicanism is in as good a
field there as it can be at the north pole. To
my mind this Government of republicanism
is adapted to men; I do not care what their
complexion or nationality is; and I believe
that a man who comes here and identifies
himself with us by the way of the Pacific
from Asia, or by the way of the Atlantic from
Africa, is entitled to become an American citi-
zen. This Government is adapted to serve his
wants as much as the Bible is adapted to his
wants and condition, and I would as soon think
of having different forms of religion to benefit
mankind because of their peculiar constitu-
tional adaptiveness as of having different forms
of government. I believe man to be capable
or self-government in his advanced and im-
proved condition; this is the form of govern-
ment to advance and improve him ; but I do
not care to discuss that. That is the reason
why I vote in favor of annexation. It is be-
cause I believe that this form of Government
is better for our people than any government
they can maintain, and because it is the best
government on the earth for any people. That
is what I mean. I " go it" on that principle.
Mr. COEBETT. Mr. President, I shall favor
the amendment of the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia partly for the reason set forth by himself,
and also for the reason that improper motives
have been attributed to the officers who were
sent down there by the President, at a former
time connected with him, and I do not want
the opportunity for those who are opposed to
the acquisition of this territory to say that
members of Congress have been influenced
by improper motives, by speculation there, or
by influence exerted upon them by the Pres-
ident of the United States. I think it is due
to the President that he be at liberty to take
these men from eminent citizens of the United
States who will make a fair examination and
an impartial report. For that reason I shall
support the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Corbett, Cra-
srin, Howell, Johnston, MeCreery, Patterson, Ross,
Sehura, Seott, Sherman. Stockton, Sumner, i'hur-
maii. and Tipton—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Amos, Browntow. Oar-
pentor, Chandler, Colo, Conkhns.Edmumls, Flana-
gan, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe,
Lewis, Morrill ol Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeruy, Pool, Ramsey, Bevels, Sawyer, Stewart,
Thayer, Warner, Willey, anil Williams—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, jESucking-
h m, Cameron, Cattell, Davis, I'enton, Ferry, l?uw-
ler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Harris, Howard,
Kellogg, McDonald,. Morrill of Maine, Pratt, Rice,
Robertson, Saulsbury,Spencer, Sprague, Trumbull,
Tickers. Wilson, Wmdom, and Yates—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer an
amendment, to insert after the word "cov-
ered," in line twenty-two of the first section,
these words: "by foreign claimants or." I
will say that this is, in effect, the amendment
of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Buck-
ingham.] I think that any fair-minded men
would consider that that is a legitimateinquiry,
and I can certainly see no harm in it. It may
be covered by the language already used, but
this will make it a little more clear.
Mr. HARLAN. How will the clause then
read?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be reported from the desk.
The Chief Clerk. On line twenty-two, after
the word "covered," it is proposed to insert
"by foreign claimants or;" so as to read:
What proportion is covered by foreign claimants,
or by grants or concessions,
Mr. MORTON. I de3ire to say that in the
little passage that occurred between me and
the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] this
evening I had no intention whatever to reflect
upon him personally. I understood him to
suggest that it would be better to restore sla-
very in San Domingo. In consequence of that
understanding I made the remark I did. I
thought my understanding was correct from
his language; but I understand the Senator
disavows it, and of course I would not insist
that he meant a thing that he says he did not
mean. As to the remark I made about Dela-
ware and the whipping-post, as he thinks the
whipping-post is a pretty good thing, it was
no reflection on the State. A great many ngly
things are said about my State in regard to
divorces, which of course are very unjust and
improper, but I never get mad about them. I
do not wish to leave any personal sting about
this matter, for I certainly have nothing but
kind feelings for my friend from Delaware.
Mr. BAYARD. It was certainly my par-
pose to avoid in any degree all personal allu-
sions in debate here ; but at the same time,
where they are made directly, and made to me,
I must meet them in the sense in which I
think they are offered. As, however, the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana has told me that
in the words he used there was nothing disre-
spectful meant, either to the State I represent
or to myself, I desire to withdraw any personal
imputation against him arising from a different
understanding of what he said.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Mobeill.] la there objection ?
[" No objection."] Theamendment is agree'd
torno objection being made.
Mr. SCHURZ. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the first section, to come in on line
twenty-four, after the word " grantees ; " but
there have been some words added there, I
understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There have been.
Mr. SCHURZ. I move to insert the follow-
ing after the words already added there :
And also whether any. and how many persons were
imprisoned or exiled by the present Government of
the Dominican republic on account ot hostility to
the annexation of the Dominican republic to tho
United States, or for other and what political causes.
I will state that it has been asserted, and
you will find testimony to that effect in a Sen-
ate document, that a good many citizens of
the Dominican republic were exiled by the
present Government of that republic on ac-
count of their hostility to the annexation
scheme, and I think it would be worth while
for the commissioners who are to Investigate
the state of mind of the population of the
Dominican republic on that head to tell us
whether that is so or not.
Mr. CONKLING. And for other political
causes, says the amendment.
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes.
Mr. CONKLING. That would be a very
broad inquiry indeed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri.
Mr. SCHURZ and Mr. SUMNER called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 32 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Cassorly, Johnston, Mc-
Orecry, Morrili ot \ ermont, Ro&s, Schurz, Stockton,
fe«nmer, Thurman, and Tipton—11.
Abbott, Ames, Brownlow, Car-
penter, Cuandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin,
Ixlamnds, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harlan, Howe,Howell, Lewis, Morten, Nye,Gsb-ern,
