1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1699
for a year on a cruise. You do that without
hesitancy, without reluctance. That man of-
war is fitted out at great expense, and is sent
off on a cruise perhaps through the Pacific
ocean, stopping, it may be, at Yokohama,
Canton. Sidney, and Melbourne, and going
around finally to the Sandwich Islands, arid
perhaps back to San Francisco, and the ex-
pense is halt' a million dollars, and the year
is consumed ; it is all gone, both money and
time, you do not get one cent back. After the
ship has left the foreign port the natives
visited care nothing about it. Other nations
send their men-of-war to the same places and
you leave no impression worth mentioning.
But open a line of commerce with them, send
these great steamships to and fro across the
ocean a dozen more trips each year—twenty-
four round tripsin all—stimulatingcommerce,
adding to your wealth on each return, and you
impress those nations as you should, you thus
add to the dignity and power and the conse-
quence of your own country. When you send
your man-of war, which costs the same, you do
nothing tor the benefit of the country ; it is a
dead loss. I only give this as an illustration
of what I am inclined to regard as the folly
of our legislation.
I do not oppose the expenditures that you
mate for the Army or the Navy. I think per-
haps they are small enough; but when you
are making them so liberally why not do
this which builds up the nation, makes us
wealthy and powerful? I need not stop to
discuss the advantages of commerce to any
nation. We all understand that; if we do not
it is high time we should. Let us make this
investment, not give away the money. Make
the investment,. It will come back to us an
hundred fold ; it will help to pay the national
debt; it will not be like the expenditures on
the rivers and harbors around the State of
Michigan, money thrown away, sunk in those
fresh waters never to be returned. It comes
back in hard dollars, it adds to the wealth and
strength of the nation.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rll.l, of Vermont,-in the chair.) I believe
three gentlemen rose at once. The Chair
recognizes the Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Harms] because he rose some time ago.
Mr. NYE. I thought I had the floor first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada rose about the same time with
several other Senators.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator from Louis-
iana will allow me to say a few words, and
will not insist on doing what I understand he
proposes to do.
Mr. HARRIS. I think this bill as it came
from the House of Representatives had a pretty
large subsidy; and why should we increase it
in this way? I move to lay the amendment
on the table ?
Mr. Sl'EWART. I hope the Senator will
allow me to say a word.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator from Louisi-
ana will withdraw his motion for a few min-
utes. I think that will be better for him and
me, too.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Louisiana withdraw his motion?
Mr. HARRIS. I will withdraw it to allow
the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] to make
a few repaarks.
Mr. SHERMAN. That opens the whole
question.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall ask the privi-
lege of being heard also if the question is to
be debated.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. I wish to make a suggestion
in regard to this matter.
Mr. NYE. I will hear the Senator's sug-
gestion.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that we ought to
huve some understanding about this debate.
If we are going to have a debate of an hour or
so on this matter, let it be in the way of five or
ten minutes speeches. Then a dozen or half a
dozen members can say a few words I think
that may he satisfactory. But if we are going
to go into a general debate, and if one member
is to make a speech and then move to lay the
amendment on the table and cut off everybody
else, I do not think it will be fair.
Mr, STEWART. Let us have a ten-minutes
rule.
Mr. WILSON. I Suggest that we debate this
question for an hour with a ten-minutes rule.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not think I shall
be able to get through with what I have to
say in ten minutes. If I am going to discuss
it at all, I want to discuss it thoroughly.
Mr. NYE. Who has the floor, Mr. Presi-
dent?
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada is entitled to the floor.
Mr. NVE. I am sorry there is so much
disposition on the part of the opponents of this
measure to do what I consider a great injustice
to the opinions entertained by those who tavor
it. I owe no apology to the Chair, or to the
Senate, or to the country for occupying a short
time in an honest and earnest endeavor to
reinstate our commerce upon the seas, from
which it has been driven by various causes;
nor do I feel that any other public business is
at all interfered with by my doing so. And
now I desire the attention of the Senate for a
few minutes to certain facts that I propose to
state.
For more than fifty years we have been
giving, giving, giving; and, the cry has been
us unceasing as from the horse-leech's daugh-
ter, to give still, to uphold and build up the
manufacturing interests of this country, which
are principally located in New England. My
friend from Michigan has always been the
boldest among the bold champions who have
demanded a tariff upon our home manufac-
tures, principally for the benefit of New Eng-
land, in order to enable our own people to
compete with British capital and other capital
abroad. Sir, my early education was in a
party that opposed that policy, and I opposed
it then as earnestly as in my riper years I have
been impressed that' I ought to support it.
No one has been questioned in his fidelity to
party or pinched for time who has boldly stood
here, year after year, to advocate that.
Sir, the three great interests in this country
and any other are agricultural, commercial,
and manufacturing. Manufactures have had
the support of millions from this Government,
and have used it, I have 110 doubt, in a way
that has redounded to the piofit and the glory
of the country. I am finding no fault with
that. But a pinching need has come upon our
commerce. The torches of an enemy have
laid our commerce waste upon the ocean, and
the changing of the character of the vehicles
of commerce from sailing ships to steam has
produced a crisis in the commercial world that
challenges the best judgment of this nation to
relieve.
But, sir, we are told when we propose this
aid that the Senate has not time to consider
it; and the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] says we have got to dispose ot' an
appropriation bill a day from now until the
term of this session expires. Sir. the world
would not stop and the nation would not stop
if two or three of these bills were laid over
till early in the next session.
Mr. President, I need not say to an enlight-
ened world, or to this Senate, that our com-
merce is ruined; and it is for the restoration
of that ruined commerce—commerce being
one of the vital arteries of a nation's prosper-
ity—that I speak for a moment on this ques-
tion. The honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] says that you never can
find a man to give up a local advantage. His
remark was iu an undertone, but I heard it.
Sir, the policy for which 1 plead is not local;
it is as broad as the necessities of our country
and the oceans and (he seas upon which our
commerce floats. The policy that I defend
redounds as much to the interests of Massa-
chusetts as of 'California and the western coast.
I hope, therefore,'f.il-. the reason that the line
now spoken of finds its resting place and har-
bor 011 its eastern passage upon the western
coast of this continent, that it will not. be
deemed local, so as to prejudice the mmd3 of
any community.
Sir. what is the fact? Tilts' line under a
subsidy has been running now three or four
years; and if Senators will look at the reports
ofthecustom house at San Francisco and New
York they will find an increase that has more
than rewarded the Government for the subsidy
it has paid. This increase has been not iu
California alone, but in the ports of Boston
and New York. I have in my possession «
statement of the amount of duties that have
been*collected in a 1 these ports from that
Chinese trade, and I assert that there has
been as much of that increase paid in New
York and Boston as in any other plac.i, save,
perhaps, Sail Francisco.
Everybody seems to say that this is a gift of
money to these people, and my honorable
friend from Michigan has taken occasion to
say that no more money shall go to the old
hulks ot the Pacific Mail Steamsnip Company.
Sir, thatshows how prejudice can warp a man's
judgment to the facts. I know my honorable
friend does not mean to misrepresent, but the
ships of the Pacific Mail Steaiushi11 Company
challenge the admiiation of the world, and I
stand here to say that 110 such ships float in
ocean as the ships of the Pacific Mail Steam-
ship Company. They are of more tonnage,
they combine more strength, they can carry
more freight and passengers, and with more
safety, than any ships that float, built by any
Government or company anywhere. I heard
the honorable Senator from Michigan call
them "old hulks.'' He did so hut to preju-
dice the judgment of Senators on this floor
against granting a subsidy to a line which
merits it in every possible shape.
I hear gentlemen say in their seats, as if
to disparage this measure, that it is for the
Pacific coast. Mr. President, the Pacific coast
is a part of this nation, and from the Pacific
coast opens out a commerce greater than our
commerce with all other nations of the earth.
As I have had occasion to say heretofore 011 this
floor, we have been not wasting but occupy-
ing all our energies in endeavoring to secure
a commerce with a population of one huudred
and sixty eight millions. We have now a
chance to open up a commerce with eight
hundred million people who can be reached
from our Pacific coast, and every dollar's worth
of their commodities that reaches our Pacific
coast benefits the Atlantic as much as it doea
that coast.
Take your statistics and you will see that
we get now six and a quarter per cent, of the
trade of China, while we get twenty-seven,
thirty, forty, and fifty per cent, of the com-
merce of different nations of Europe. Then
look at the time in which we have been getting
that little commerce that we have got with
China, and contemplate the opening future,
and who can doubt for a single moment that
it is the true policy of this Government- by
every possible means to sustain and uphold
that trade and commerce?
Sir, the honorable Senator from Michigan
has a theory of his own upon commerce: he
wants iron ships. The problem lias been dem-
onstrated that we cannot build them here;
and I contend that these ships which are to
be built of wood tan do their duties nobly kuc!
faithfully. He would scuttle, judging from his
earnestness 011 this subjeot, every ship that
floats that is remaining to our commerce.
Against such injustice as that I interpose my
feeble opposition; and the honorable Senator
will learn to his sorrow that every blow which
is struck at commerce, and every such notice
