262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
any control at all. They simply lay there in
the waters. There has been no charge by any-
body that the gun-boats ever did anything.
Mr. HARLAN. I am much obliged to the
honorable Senator from North Carolina for the
statement which he has made. The fact he
mentions is pertinent. I wish to allude to an-
other precedent. We are told by the Presi-
dent that armed ships have been recently sent
to the waters of an adjacent province of Great
Britain. Why were they sent there? No war
exists between the United States and Great
Britain or any of her colonies. I suppose they
were sent to those waters that the moral sup-
port of their presence might be felt by our fish-
ermen ; not to make war on a friendly Power.
Now, if this is not "moral" support what is
it?_ Give me a better terra and 1 will adopt it.
It is a justifiable display of power without any
present intention of using it. If this is right
in the waters of Nova Scotia is it a crime in
the waters of Dominica? I submit that if the
fact exists, as alleged, it does not furnish jus-
tification for denunciation of the President
nor for the adoption of this amendment, which
carrics with it implied censure.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, in the first
place I wish to inform the Senator from Iowa
that I did not introduce any motions i'or the
purpose of consuming time. I am just as anx-
ious to go home as he is; but I consider this an
amendment of some importance. He tells us
that during the war the Russian fleet was here
to lend us the moral support of the great Power
of the north. I should like to know when and
where that was. Did any Senator ever hear
of a single ship of war being sent by the czar
of Russia to support the power of the United
States or to lend us moral aid? I think it is
an absolutely unknown historical event. I may
tell the Senator also why we send ships of war
to the Canadian coast—simply for the purpose
of protecting our fishermen ; not those of any
foreign nation, but our own.
But the Senator is just as well aware as lam
that during the vote that was recently taken on
the island of San Domingo on the question of
annexation, there were United States ships of
war in the Dominican waters for the very pur-
pose, for the avowed purpose, of upholding the
Baez government, which was trying to sell its
country. There can be no doubt about that.
It is a matter of history, and it is alleged that
this system of protection was continued ; and
I suppose, if the Senate wants to know all about
it, the best way. to get at the facts will be to
adopt the resolution of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, which calls for official information.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to any
debate, but merely to ask the Senator from
Missouri one question for information. He is
a member of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and he can tell us no doubt which he
considers to be the true Government in Domin-
ica, the Baez government or the Cabral govern-
ment.
Mr. SCHURZ. I do not care which of the
two governments is the true Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not ask the Senator
what he cared, but what his opinion was.
Mr. SCHURZ. I do think that the Baez
government is the Government dc facto, which
we have recognized.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Which does the Senator
think is the Government de jural
Mr. SCHURZ. The Cabral government was
the constitutional Government, and was over-
turned by Baez by a revolutionary movement.
The Baez overnment is the de facto Gov-
ernment, with which we have at the present
moment international relations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator tell us
which, at the present moment, in his opinion
as a publicist is the Government dejure?
Mr. SCHURZ. No doubt the Baez govern-
ment is at the present moment; but I want to
express my opinion to this effect, that we have
nothing to do with their interna! quarrels, and
that I do nor see any authority in the Govern-
ment of the United States, under the present
circumstances, to protect the Baez government
either against a foreign or a domestic enemy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the great sin that
the President of the United States is suspected
of having committed, if he is suspected of hav-
ing committed any, which begins to be doubtful,
is that he has had ships of war in the ports of
a Government which his opponent now con-
fesses to be not only the de facto but the de
jure Government of the country where the ships
are. That is a monstrous offense!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri.
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to me that if
there is nothing wrong about it there can be
.no great harm in asking for the information.
It can be no slight to the President to inquire
into a state of facts.
Mr, HARLAN. This is directing him what
he shall do.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will speak of that pres-
ently. If there is nothing wrong in the presence
of these vessels in the waters of the Dominican
republic there can be no harm in calling for
the information specified; there can be no
reflection upon the President one way or the
other; and it seems to me, as the presence of
the vessels has assumed so much importance
in connection with the whole matter, there
should be no objection to the amendment of
the Senator from Missouri.
As to the direction to withdraw the ships
of war, I suppose that is a direction which
it is always competent for Congress to give.
I do not understand that it is any undue in-
terference with the prerogative of the Com-
mander-in-Chief. Whether a ship of war shall
be stationed here or there is a matter which
Congress may regulate or may leave to the Sec-
retary of the Navy. It may deal with it as it will.
From what 1 have seen in the discussion of
this joint resolution I am forced to the conclu-
sion that there is a settled purpose on the part
of the Senators who have the majority for the
time being to allow just such information as
they see fit, and no more; and they see fit to
allow only such information as shall make for
annexation, and as little as possible against it.
They have contrived in the resolution a formula
of instructions for the commissioners thorough
enough on their face, but obviously impossible
of accomplishment within any practicable time,
and which leaves them, of course, to their own
discretion as to what they will do and how and
what omit to do. The result is there is but
little practical value in tho resolution.
Mr. ABBOTT, I wish to ask the Senator
from California a question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from California yield to the Senator from North
Carolina?
Mr. CASSERLY. I would rather not at this
moment. I have spoken very little, as the Sen-
ate knows, during the whole of this protracted
debate, and I find that interruptions, whether
made in one way or another, only tend to pro-
long debate without any adequate advantage.
When I get through, of course I shall be glad to
answer any question of the Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Abbott.]
I say, sir, there is laid out in the resolution
a most extensive and imposing line of inquiry
on general topics which can never be satisfied
within any reasonable period by the commis-
sioners in San Domingo; outside ofthatlineit
is the determination of the majority here there
shall be no information. No further than that
will they go. They have voted down every
or almost every amendment which was directed
to clear the way to a just conclusion on the
general subject of annexation.
Having the power, of course the majority
have the responsibility. If this investigation
shall turn out to be a disappointment to the
people who desire to know the truth, if it shall
turn out to be what the Senator from Missouri
said he feared in a certain contingency it might
be, a sham and a delusion, then the country will
know exactly where to place the blame. But
that does not release gentlemen like myself
from making an effort to give to this resolu-
tion, so important in its bearings, as well those
which arc expressed upon its face a3 those
which everybody knows it carries with it—I
say we shall not be excused from the duty of
making this resolution, as far as we can, a
real and a useful measure of practical inquiry.
In that light I see no objection to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. ABBOTT. I ask the Senator from Cal-
ifornia now if he can cite or recollect any
instance where Congress ever legislated to
direct the President to send the Navy to one
place or another, or directed the movements of
armies by legislation, or whether such matters
have not ordinarily, and indeed always, with-
out exception, been left to the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and the Navy ? Did anybody
ever hear of any such proposition as this ?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President-
Mr. ABBOTT. I should like an answer from
the Senator from California.
Mr. CASSERLY rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts has obtained the floor; does he
yield to the Senator from California ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have stated my views
on this point; I have not cited instances; I
have not the run of the Army and Navy. The
question of the disposition of ships of war is
one which I suppose Congress is always com-
petent to deal with in war or in peace. ■
Mr. SUMNER. If I cannot give an illus-
tration from our own country, which I think it
would be pretty easy to do, I will remind the
Senator of one in England. The English law
requires that at every election of members of
Parliament troops shall be kept at a distance
from the polls; I think they are not to be in
the same town. Now, there is a principle of
liberty, and I submit the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Missouri is precisely in accordance
with that just constitutional rule. It is thsM;
the naval force of the United States shall be
withdrawn from those waters during the pend-
ency of this inquiry, so that the people there
shall be free to show their sentiments precisely
as they are ; in other words, that the right to
vote shall not be interfered with. That is the
principle ; to me it is a most obvious, a sim-
ple one, a practical principle of constitutional
liberty. I do not see how it can be called in
question.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I regret
extremely that the Senator from Massachu-
setts did not remember that principle of con-
stitutional liberty when he voted for the last
naturalization law and for the enforcement bill
under which the troops of the United States
were stationed in the city of New York and in
other cities at the late election.
Mr. ABBOTT. I would remind the Senator
from Ohio that they were not stationed there
by law, but the President was simply author-
ized so to do.
Mr. THURMAN. Did the President station
them there by law?
Mr. ABBOTT. He was authorized so to
do, but not directed by law to send so many
troops there.
Mr. THURMAN. But could he have sent
one without those acts of Congress? Would
he have dared to send one without those acts
of Congress? I did all I could to vindicate
that great principle of English liberty, and
which I thought ought to be still dearer to
American hearts; but I struggled in vain. I
stand by that yet, and I am only sorry the Sen-
ator has not stood by it.
Now, I desire to say a word in reply to ray
friend from Vermont, [Mr, Edmunds.] The
Senator from Vermont asked the Senator from
Missourr [Mr. Schurz] what was the Govern-
ment in Dominica? The Senator from Mis-
souri answered that the dejucto Government
