1700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
as he has served on the world to-day, will but
hasten the ruin of the remnant of our com-
mercial transactions.
Sir, I live inland, in a mountain-bound State,
but my interest in commerce is not bounded
by the mountains that surround me. The
oceans of the United States are my oceans
and her interests are my interests, wherever I
may dwell; and I ask of the Senate of the
United States, after this experiment has been
made of allowing half a million for monthly
service, and it has proved satisfactory to the
country, why, if our necessities require a semi-
monthly service, should we not have it? We
are venturing upon no untried experiment;
we are venturing nothing, but stepping on solid
ground.
Mr. President, I do not desire to occupy the
time'of the Senate further; but 1 do desire
that not in the hurry of this moment shall
Senators cast votes here that, when the shriv-
eled and the driveling commerce of our na-
tion shall starve, they will regret. Sir, [ would
make the commerce of this nation greater
than that of England. 1 would make it greater
than the commerce of the world. I make no
objections to improving the inland commerce
upon which the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan resides. I would make new harbors if
that commerce desires them, i will put up
light-houses to light ships safely into those
harbors. I have done it by my votes here and
1 will continue to do it. But when we speak
of extending commerce upon broader waters,
where the extent of the waters upon which he
lives would not be missed or known if token
from or added to that mighty ocean, I would
make the commerce of that ocean commen-
surate with the size of its waters and commen-
surate with the character ami majesty of this
country ; and Cor this I am told that I desire
to take from the Treasury the money of the
United States!
One word more and I have done. Sir, Eng-
land's example is before us. She has gone
into her coders and her sails float on every
sea. She has gone down into her coffers for
interests peculiar to herself, until that little
island, not larger than many of our States,
to-day is the mistress of the commerce of the
world. Sir, she has upheld the enterprise of
her citizens, she has adopted a wise and true
policy, and the results show it. If longer the
honorable Senator from Michigan, or other
Senators on this floor, desire to bow down to
England's power, bo it so; but they shall not
blame me; and in the day of our commercial
interests' direst need they shall not turn
around and say to me that I did not give them
due notice of what was coming.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I desire
to correct a misapprehension on the part of
the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nru] and
likewise the Senator from California, [Mr.
Cous;J but I do not wish it understood tor a
moment that I put my mercantile knowledge
and experience in opposition to that of the
commander of the armies and navies of the
great State of Nevada; aud, sir, I bow in
humble submission to the commander of the
fleets of Nevada.
Mr. NYE. There is no flat-bottom naviga-
tion there. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. Whether his boats have
really crossed the Sierra Nevada I would not
say. Baron Munchausen, I believe, asserts
that they have; but I have no knowledge upon
that subject. [Laughter.]
The Senator from California asserts, and
the Senator from Nevada reiterates, that this
commerce has more than paid all the expenses
connected with it. I wish to correct them
upon that single point. Before proceeding,
however, I desire to say to the Senator from
California that I do not understand how or
upon what principle or rule a new steamship
service has made its appearance upon this
appropriation bill. It is not to carry out
any treaty stipulation, it is not to pay money
appropriated by law, and if there is a rule of
this body which has been conformed to by the
Committee on Appropriations in placing this
amendment upon this bill I should like to have
it pointed out to me, for I cannot find it. Sir,
it has no business here. The Committee on
Appropriations had no right, according to the
rules of this body, to introduce a new measure
of legislation totally unconnected with this
Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. COLB. If the Senator will look at the
bill he will see how evidently mistaken he is.
There has been an appropriation made from
year to year for this service.
Mr. CHANDLER. An appropriation of
half a million.
Mr, COLE. For this service, precisely; and
this is a proposition to increase it to a semi-
monthly service and to add what is necessary
to the expense for that purpose.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly it is the estab-
lishment of a new line. Now, Mr. President,
I hold in my hand the statistics connected
with this matter. In the first place, the Post
Office Department recommended this subsidy
of $500,000 a year, which I believe was to
continue for ten years, thus amounting to a
subsidy of $5,000,000 to this steamship line.
During the four years which that subsidy has
lasted—and I wish the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads were in
his sent to hear this—the whole amount of post-
ages both ways received during those four
years, (for I this morning obtained the state-
ment officially from the Post Office Depart-
ment,) including newspapers and every kind
of mail matter, was $50,150 78. And during
that period wo have paid in money out of the
Treasury of the United States $2,000,000 ;
$500,000 a year for four years. I have the
amount each year.
Now, as a postal arrangement I think every
member of this body will say that that is not a
desirable arrangement. Fifty thousand one
hundred and fifty-nine dollars and seventy-eight
cents in four years is a fraction over $12,500 a
year, and to get that you pay $500,000 a year
out of your Treasury. But the chairman of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, if
he were here, would say that we intended this
subsidy as a commercial matter. Then why did
you not go to the Committee on Commerce and
ask their assent before you recommended it. I
admit that the Committee on Post Oliices and
Post Roads is most able while it is dealing
with postal affairs; but [ have very small faith
in its commercial knowledge or foresight.
But, sir, let us look a single moment and
see whether this thing is changed by its com-
mercial relations. I hold before me the statis-
tics of this commerce, prepared at the Treas-
ury Department this day and handed to me
since twelve o'clock. 1 called at the office,
that I might be fortified with facts ; and I wish
to have the attention of the Senator from Cali-
fornia while I am giving him this statement of
facts. 'Take the year 18G9: after we had paid
this subsidy for two years, after we had paid
$1,000,000 to build up this commerce; and m
1800—I give merchandise solely, and I give all
the merchandise that was brought in; I have
the items before me—the whole amount of
imports iiom Japan into Sail Francisco was
§032,810.
Now, sir, in God's name, how much dutj'
did we collect on that quantity of merchan-
dise if we collected enough to put money in
the Treasury? Your postages in 18G0 were
$15,327 66, and the whole amount of imports
from Japan was only $632. S19 after wo had
paid the subsidy for two years. During the
year 1809 the whole amount of' our domestic
exports to Japan was $570,402. Jiow much
of this went outside of the steamship line I
do not know ; but that was the whole amount
in that year of commerce between San Fran-
cisco and Japan. In 1870 it was not much
beuer. In that year the receipts of the Post
Office from this service were $21,285 20. Mark
you, out goes out of your Treasury $500,000
in cash, and the receipts into your post office
are $21,285 20. But, sir, how stood the com-
mercial account for 1870, and that is the last
year for which we have returns?
In 1870 the whole amount of imports into
San Francisco from Japan was $806,476—the
whole amount either by sailing vessels or by
these steamships ; and the whole amount of
postal receipts was $21,000. What are your
rates of duty if you get $500,000 out of that
traffic? How much duties ought we collect on
the $800,000 of imports of that year, which
was the fourth year of this service? The
whole amount of our exports from California
to Japan that year was $557,597. The whole
commerce between San Francisco and Japan
in the fourth year, after we had paid out
$2,000,000 to build up and increase that
traffic, only amounted to a little fraction over
$1,350,000; and yet to obtain that we paid in
cash out of the Treasury of the United States
$500,000 a year.
There is the whole result of your four years'
subsidy for monthly trips. Now, put ona semi-
monthly line and you will not increase mate-
rially your mail receipts, nor, according to these
figures, will you increase your exports and
imports. The capacity of those ships, if thoy
were loaded, was greater than the whole amount
of the traffic by an immense amount.
I merely wished to correct the Senator from
California upon that single point, that this line
paid us for tho subsidy allowed it. I hold in
my bands a statement of the traffic with New
York. The Senator has called attention to the
traffic between New York and Japan. I take
this from last year's commerce and navigation.
I have also the figures of the China trade.
But, Mr. President, I am requested by sev-
eral Senators to take the sense of the Senate
as to whether they will put this on the appro-
priation bill. 1 therefore move that the
amendment lie on the table. If that motion
does not carry 1 will go on with my remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Michigan moves that the amendment be laid
on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not think I have oc-
cupied fifteen minutes of the attention of this
Senate during the whole session. The Sen-
ator from Michigan, I think, has occupied a
full hour on this very subject to-day, having
spoken twice. Now, I ask that I may be
allowed to occupy ten minutes of the time of
the Senate to state the reasons why I want to
vote for this amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. If it is the will of the
Senate to allow debate I prefer to go on myself.
I am prepared to go on with this discussion.
I stopped my remarks and made this motion
simply at the request of various Senators who
came to me and asked me to make it.
Mr. STEWART. I give notice that I regard
this as an important question, and I want it to
have a reasonable amount of discussion. 1
give this notice that Senators may see how
ineffectual it will be to attempt to lay the ques-
tion on the table. When they do that 1 will
renew the amendment in another shape and
have mv talk ; and several others will do the
same thing. Now, there ought not to be a
talking against time on this question. There
ought to be a fair expression of the judgment
of the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have not been talking
against time.
Mr. STEWART. We want to express our
opinions on it briefly.
Mr. CHANDLER. I simply want air
expression of the sense of the Senate as to
whether they propose to consider this question
on an appropriation bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. So important a question as
this ought not to be decided on a mere motion
to jay on the table, and I suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan that it would be
better to move an adjournment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I also ask my friend from
