THE . CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
does not provide in its fourtjj section that if
any of this property be removed from the
navy yard at Brooklyn it may be taken to some
site or sites already,'owned by the United
States Government, and whether, if on the
Hudson river there should be found an eligible
site, this billwould not preclude the removal
of it there? ;
Mr, .STARKWEATHER. I do.pot, yield to
the gentleman to make a speech ; but I will
answer his questions by saying that one year
ago, there was circulated on this floor a propo-
sition for a navy-yard on the Hudson river,
and in the printed statement which .accom-
panied it it was stated that for nearly three
fourths of the year the land-proposed to be
occupied as a navy-yard on the North river
was under water. I have nothing further to
say aboat the North river. I am not dis-
cussing that question. I am not discussing
New London. I am simply discussing the ques-
tion upon which the committee have passed.
We consider it to the interest of the Govern-
ment to sell this property for $20,000,000 and
cover the money into the Treasury.
Mr. HAIGHT. I would like to have an
answer from the gentleman to the question I
propounded.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I cannot give
way for another question.
Mr. HAIGHT. I would like to have an
answer to my question.
•Mr. STARKWEATHER. I believe I an-
swered the gentleman's question.
Mr. HAIGHT. The gentleman said noth-
ing in reference to it at all. Probably he did
not understand my question.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I was going on
to say that all the naval authorities who have
been before the committee—Admirals Godon
and Stringham, who have been stationed there,
Chief Engineer King, Commodore McKinstry,
and Constructor Hanscom, who is one of the
most accomplished and efficient officers con-
nected with the Navy—all these officers agreed
in saying that it is an expensive point at which
to keep up a navy-yard. For instance, Admi-
ral Godon says that it costs annually from
fifty to one hundred thousand dollars to dredge
out the water-front. He says, further, that the
water in which vessels are located is so foul
from the drainage of the city sewers that every
vessel that is there for six months has to be
reooppered at an expense of $3,000. Chief
Engineer King says that the shops in that yard
are so inconveniently located that in a single
year they paid out for extra services in trans-
portation from the wharves to the shops over
one hundred and thirty-four thousand dollars.
That accounts for one fact stated by the gentle-
man from Brooklyn, [Mr. Slocum,] the extra
expense of constructing naval vessels in these
Government yards. If you had a long water-
front, with shops conveniently located, away
from the surrounding influence of a great city,
vessels could then be constructed, as they are
in England to-day, as cheaply in Government
yards as in any private establishments in the
country. It is these extra expenses, growing
out of these inconveniences, that the Govern-
ment is subjected to in building vessels at
these yards, which double the expense over
what is paid in private yards. Then, sir, all
these contractors who have built vessels in
private yards have come here for extra couv
pensation, so that, as a matter of fact, the first
price named was really only half the price the
Go\iernment actually paid.
I hold in my hand a memorial to the Secre-
tary of the Navy from leading men in the city
of New York, as to the merits of New London
as a navy-yard. It was sent to the Secretary
and published more than a year since. Let
me read to the House the names attached to
the paper:
Moses Taylor, M. H. frrinncll, George W. Blunt,
Jlowland & Aspinwall, David Hoadly, George
Opdyke, S. B. Chittenden, Marshall 0. Roberts, \V.
&. Dodge, Harper & Brothers, Brown Brothers &'
<✓0., Peter Cooper, Arnold, Sturges & Co., D. Apple-
ton &, Co., Horace B. Claflin, J, J. Astor, Grinnell,
Minturn & Co.. Henry Grinnell, Russel Sturtres, R.
L. Taylor, William C. Thompson, Edwards Pierre-
pont, and William M. Evarts.
. Mr. SCHUMAKER. Bead what they ask
for.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Theysaythis 
Mr. SCHUMAKER. I think it is unfair for
the gentleman to represent what these men
£tsk> for
Mr. STAKKWEATHER. I have not time
to read the whole it, but I will read the con-
cluding paragraph. .
Mr. SCHUMAKER. Oh, that will not do.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. 'I control my
own time.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. They do not want
the yard removed except to somewhere in the
neighborhood of New York. They do not ask
that it shall be taken to New London, as the
gentleman does.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will read what
they say:
"The site at New London is the stragetie point
which covers the entrance of the sound, and in the
opinion of competent engineers and naval author-
ities, occupied as a naval station would furnish
adequate protection to the city of New York and
the commerce of the sound, thus guarding the com-
munication between the great industries of New
England and their natural market."
They favor New London distinctly, and that
is the purport of the whole of it; that this site,
which the gentleman seems to keep out of
sight, is the strategic point at the entrance of
the sound, and is the natural protecting point
for all the commerce of the sound, as well as
of the city of New York. I now incorporate
in my remarks the whole of this petition, as
showing the sentiments of twenty leading mer-
chants of the city of New York on this ques-
tion.
Mr. HAIGHT. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question right here?
Mr. STARKWEATER. I have not time
now. I will call attention to resolutions of
the Chamber of Commerce of the State of New
York, in favor of the establishment of a navy-
yard and depot at New London, Connecticut,
adopted by the Chamber of Commerce of the
State of New York at a meeting held June 2,
1864:
Whereas the Secretary of the Navy called the
attention of Congress to the necessity of an addi-
tional navy-yard and depot adapted to the enlarged
wants of the country; and whereas the location of
said yard and depot is of vast importance to our
city as a defense against foreign aggression ; and
whereas a board of six naval officers and engineers
were appointed under an order of Congress to sur-
vey and examine (naming other sites) the harbor of
New London, Connecticut, with reference to their
capacity and fitness for that object, and to report
by the selection of which place the public interest
would be best promoted; and whereas a majority
of the said board, after devoting more than two
months to a careful, laborious, and thorough sur-
vey and examination of said sites, and after a full
discussion of their advantages, immediate and inci-
dental, came to the conclusion that the harbor of
New London possessed the necessary capacity and
fitness for such a yard, and that the public interests
would be promoted by its establishment there j and
whereas during the present session of Congress the
Naval Committee, together with a delegation from
the Military Committee and the Committee of Ways
and Means, have visited and personally examined
the said sites, and a majority have reoently reported
in favor of the harbor of New London : Therefore,
Itesolved, That in view of the importance of this
question to the whole eountry, and especially to the
interests of commerce and navigation, which are
especially protected by the Navy, and in which this
city is so deeply interested, this chamber fully eon-
curs in the expression of opinion of the said board
of naval officers and engineers and of said Naval
Committee, and do earnestly urge upon Congress to
speedily pass a law establishing the navy-yard and
depot at New London, and to appropriate the means
for carrying the same into effect.
Itesolved, That the preamble and resolutions be
duly authenticated, and transmitted to both Houses
of Congress by the hands of a committee, consisting
of Messrs. Marshall and McCurdy.
, A. A. LANE,
President of the Chamber of Commerce
of ike State of New York.
JOHN AUSTIN STEPHENS, jr.,
Secretary Chamber of Commerce.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. Does the gentleman
pretend to say that they knew no other site
than that of New London?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I ask that the
bill be passed as reported by the Committee
on Naval Affairs. . The amendment of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Ketcham]
was proposed in committee and was voted
down, and I think very properly. Why? Be-
cause it proposes to submit this matter to per-
sons some of whom may be interested them-
selves in its decision.
Mr. KETCHAM. If the gentleman will give
way now I will modify my amendment so as to
authorize the President to appoint this com-
, mission.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I cannot now
give way for any other amendment. I pro-
pose to argue this bill as reported by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs after full considera-
tion. The bill, as reported, will cover into
the Treasury $20,000,000. Now, if the gen-
tleman can make out a case in favor of the
North river, or we can make out one, as we
do, I think, for New Loudon, or anybody else
one in favor of League Island or any other
place, he will be entitled to a fair appropria-
tion.
Now, I believe that one fourth of the money
for which this yard can be sold, if expended
at New London, will make a navy-yard to-day
four times as valuable as the Brooklyn navy-
yard. I would leave out of the question any
one of the sites proposed, and then I think a
site could be found, not upon the Hudson
river, which is frozen up three months in the
year, but where one fourth of this $20,000,000
would build a navy-yard four times as valuable
as the Brooklyn navy-yard. That is the pur-
port of the action ot the committee.
Mr. ARCHER. Could such a dry-dock as
the one in the Brooklyn navy-yard be built
for one fourth of $20,000,000?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman
is very much troubled about his dry-dock. I
understand there has been very little use for it.
The true plan is very different from that. If it-
is valuable, let it be sold. But I do not think
it is so valuable. The true plan is to haul
up our iron clads and cover them whon not in
use. -That is the plan practiced in Europe,
and that will be the plan adopted in this coun-
try. Now, who will say that one fourth of
$20,000,000 cannot build a more valuable
navy-yard than the one now at Brooklyn, where
it costs $134,000 a year to transport the mate-
rial from the wharves to the shops so far away
from the wharves. If you have a place where
you have room enough, with plenty of wharf-
room and sea-room, then yoa can get along
without this expense of transportation, and
you can then save the $3,000 a year on each
vessel for recoppering. You can then save
$100,000 annually, now expended for dredg-
ing. From those things which do not contrib-
ute at all to the efficiency of the Navy you can
thus save enough to keep the Navy in proper
condition.
I now yield, that the amendment of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ketciiam,]
as proposed to be modified on the suggestion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] may be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
. Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
in lieu thereof the following :
- the President be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to appoint a commission consisting ot five offl-
cersof the Army and Navy for the Imrposeof making
inquiry whether it lsdesiruble and for the bestmter-
ests ot the Government to sell the navy-yard at
sTio°sh^i1'hSrfW rii; <?"• K *n t.^cir judgment such
sale shall be deemed advisable, the said board shall
recommend a suitable place in the State and near
niPu w X,°''k to which the works in said
yard shall bo transterred, the action of said board to
D^cem°ber 1871 d 011 °l* ^c^oro °f
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suggest that
the words "near the city of New York" be
struck out.
. Mr. STARKWEATHER. If the location
is to^ be limited to the Hudson river or the
vicinity of New York city I do not yield to
allow the amendment to be offered.
