1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1091
Mr. KETCHAM. My amendment is already
before the House. I merely propose to mod-
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I object to a
commission appointed in the interest of any
special locality in which any of the commission
are interested. Substantially this proposition
was considered in the committee and was
voted down.
1 yield five minutes to the gentleman from
New York', [Mr. Calkin.]
Mr. HAIGEIT. Will not the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me to offer an amendment
to Ihe fourih section?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I do not give
way for any further amendment.
Mr. HAIGHT, The gentleman has been
making statements in regard to this matter
which ought to be corrected.
Mr. CALKIN. Inasmuch as my colleague
[Mr. Potter] was not allowed sufficient time
to express liis views on this subject I yield to
him three minutes.
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Starkweather] tells us that the
New York press have been nearly unanimously
in favor of the removal of the Brooklyn navy-
yard. Yes, they have been in favor of its
removal, as the naval authorities are, but only
to its removal to some place in the immediate
vicinity of New York, where it can afford pro-
tection to that city and where it can have more
room than it now has; not in favor of its abso-
lute removal, leaving New York without any
adjacent navy-yard at all.
The gentleman from Brooklyn [Mr. Sloccm]
told usyesterday that the country should depen d
upon private yards for its naval repairs and con-
struction, that at such yards the work can be
done better and more cheaply than it is done
now at the public yards. Why, Mr. Speaker,
we have no sufficient private yards for such
purposes left. We have managed to legislate
out of existence the manufacturing establish-
ments of the country which could execute
sucli work. The Novelty Works, that employed
over one thousand men; the Allaire Works,
that employed as many more; the Morgan
Works, that employed as many more, are all,
I believe, substantially closed. You have
not, sir, hardly a single great machine-shop
left, other than those of the Government, m
which you could effect the repairs necessary to.
vessels in case of war, or furnish the mate-
rials for resistance in case of an attack, such as j
1 have alluded to, upon the city of New York.
When the day comes I will go "as far as he
who goes the farthest" to abolish all the navy-
yards, and rely solely on private establishments
for executing the public work needed; but [ say
it is now little short of insanity to remove this
navy-yard from Biooklyn to New London, and
leave the great city of the country without any
means upon which it can rely for the fitting and
repairing of ships and ofdeiense. Besides, sir,
we should have the great works of the nation
near the great cities, in order that we may
command in moments of exigency the amount
of skilled labor required in such works.
I do not care to what particular point in the
neighborhood of New York this yard may be
removed, provided it be some point at which
the yard will answer the purposes for which
a naval station for that city is necessary and
should be maintained; but I protest against its
removal without some substitute in the neigh-
borhood being provided. I thank ray col-
league [Mr. Calkin] for the time he has
kindly yielded to me, and should be glad if I
had 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CALKIN. My colleague [Mr. Potter]
has expressed my views on this subject, and
tos my colleague [Mr. Wood] wants all the
time he can get, 1 yield to him whatever time
1 have left, to be added to what the gentleman
from Connecticut may allow him.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have promised
to yield to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] for five minutes.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I had reached
no conclusion on this question until it came
before the House yesterday. 1 reserved my
opinion until I had heard the debate in favor
and against the removal of the Brooklyn navy-
yard. Now, after having heard all the argu-
ments which have been advanced in its favor,
I propose in a few words to state to the House
the conclusions at which I have arrived.
The Brooklyn navy-yard was one of the first
constructed by this Government. It has been
where it now stands for over half a century.
It has probably exhausted more in the aggre-
gate than $100,000,000. Works have been
constructed there which, while they have been
expensive, have been altogether of such a per-
manent character that it will be almost impos-
sible to remove them. Therefore, when I
approach the consideration of this subject I
look upon it as one of great magnitude; one
of importance to the Treasury of the United
States as well as of importance to the public
service of the United States. The arguments
which are advanced in favor of it comprise
three positions, and I will state them : in the
first place, that it is desirable to remove the
navy-yard because it is an obstruction to the
growth of the city of Brooklyn; secondly,
that it is desirable to remove it because it is
so near a great city that the waters have
become impure, and the hulls of ships are
soon rendered worthless by the effect of these
impure waters upon their sheathing; and
thirdly, (and it is the argument advanced by my
colleague [Mr. Slocum] who represents the
Brooklyn district.) that the time has arrived
when we should abolish all navy-yards, because
we can build vessels in our own private dock-
yards; that it is unnecessary longer to spend
enormous sums of the public money for the
performance of work in navy-yards which can
be as well done at less expense in our private
ship-yards.
Now, sir, these positions are the grounds
upon which this proposition is sought to be
maintained. Let us look at them for a mo-
ment. First, as to Brooklyn. The city of
Brooklyn has increased its population within
the last decade greater than any other city upon
the Atlantic sea-board. The population of the
city of Brooklyn has increased in a greater
ratio than any other city in the United States,
east of the Alleghany mountains. Therefore
it would seem that argument has no foundation
whatever, because the city of Brooklyn, not-
withstanding its contiguity to the navy-yard,
has grown to an extraordinary, to an unprece-
dented extent.
Next, as to the second position, that the
expense is less to the Government by the use
of private dock-yards. I will only say that
such is not the experience of our Government.
The analogy referred to in the case of Great
Britain, where that Government has been com-
pelled because'of the want of capacity in its
navy-yards to employ the use of private yards,
does not apply at all to this case. Even if it
did, however, experience has shown us in the
last war, when we resorted to private contract-
ors outside for the purchase and the construc-
tion of vessels, that in nine cases out of ten
those vessels were comparatively worthless,
and have been sold since the war for a far less
sum than those built in the navy-yards.
Mr. SLOCUM. That is incorrect.
Mr. WOOD. I have only a few minutes.
Mr. SLO'CU,M. I wish to say that the Sec-
retary of the Navy has told me directly to the
contrary.
Mr. WOOD. The best evidence of what I
say is that all those vessels have been sold.
They were sold by act of Congress, and in
every case I believe they did not bring ten
cents in the dollar of what they cost the Gov-
ernment in their original construction.
Mr. SLOCUM. Have they not brought rela-
tively the same price as the vessels constructed
in our own navy yards?
Mr. WOOD. No, sir.
Mr. SLOCUM. I have taken the troubl© to
make a comparison, and I say that the vessels
built in private yards brought the same price
as those constructed in our own navy-yards.
Mr. WOOD. My colleague omits in his
calculation the important faet that the vessels
sold which were constructed in our own navy-
yards were old vessels. Those vessels that
were constructed in the private yards during
the war were new vessels; and we all know
that age deteriorates the value of a vessel
very materially. Therefore there can be no
analogy drawn between the expense of vessel#
constructed by the Government and that of
vessels constructed in private yards.
But again, we. are told that it is necessary to
remove this yard because of-its contiguity to.
the great city of Brooklyn, which renders the
water impure, so that the hulls become rotten
and soon decay from the foulness of the water.
Yet the private yards, in which our chief ves-
sels were built during, the .war-, are directly
across the river from Brooklyn. .All the pri-
vate yards in the city of New York are in
immediate proximity to the most densely pop-
ulated part of the;city, arid within three liuH-
dred yards, being directly across the.river, of
the Brooklyn navy-yard which we propose to
sell. In my judgment it would be exceedingly
unwise to disturb the Brooklyn tiavy-yard.
There is no site, whether in Long Island sound,
at New London, at Portsmouth, at League
Island, or in any other portion of the United
States, that is more peculiarly adapted for
such a purpose than that now occupied by the
Brooklyn navy-yard. And therefore it is that
I am not disposed to look with favor on any
amendments to this bill, any more than on
the bill itself, which, in my judgment, ought
not to pass.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Iyield five min-
utes to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field. ]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have listened
to the various views presented by gentlemen
on this matter, and the conclusion I have
reached I can state in a very few words. It
is here proposed to remove the Broeklyn navy-
yard, and the property, real and personal,
connected with it, valued at an amount that
run up into the tens of millions—perhaps
thirty million dollars—which is a vast sum
of money to be disposed of by a single vote.
That is the first thing that strikes me. The
next is that it is alleged here, by gentlemen
who claim to know, that there is a well-defined
doubt hanging over the title to the property
involved, which this House does not know
about and cannot know about without an in-
vestigation. The third thing which strikes me
as important is in regard to the place where, if
we desire to locate a new yard, we shall locate
it. On these three things the House of Repre-
sentatives is not now sufficiently informed.
The House cannot act on them with intelli-
gence. I am therefore in favor of assigning
to a commission, to be chosen not by our-
selves, but by the President, the business of
inquiring into these three things : the title of
the property, the necessity and propriety of
•removal, and furthermore the necessity and
propriety of locating new yards.
And I hope that that commission will be
charged to inquire into another important mat-
ter : whether it is best for the people of the
United States to go into this business of navy-
yards, of owning them and .building their own
navies. I think it ,is high time we should
inquire whether England has. not got ahead ol
us, in that she has disposed of nearly all her
yards except for the purpose of necessary re-
pairs, and furnishes herself with her navy by
means of private -enterprise in such a way as
to obtain a navy that is the first in the world.
