1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1703
And I would call the attention of my friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who I am
sorry is opposing this project now, to the fact
that, at that time he voted I'or it, that all of the
members of my section of the country, all who
understood the question in the State of New
York, and all in the West who were in favor of
establishing a naval station anywhere, voted
on that report in favor of this site. Now it
seems to me very strange that the gentleman
from Massachusetts, professing friendship for
this station and speaking for it at different
times, should now oppose a small appropria-
tion for this naval station. I ask but little,
only $50,000. It is but a small pittance for
this House to grant, and I think they ought to
grant it.
1 have here letters from Admiral Godon,
from Admiral Stringham, and several ot-her
naval officers, and also from various Army
officers, every one of whom who has examined
it approves this site. And I challenge any
man in this House to find a single opinion
against it of ail the naval and military ofiicers
who have examined it; not one averse to it,
but all are in its favor. Most all of these
boards have reported strongly in its favor; a
committee of this House has reported in its
favor.
I am not here in conflict with the Brooklyn
navy-yard. I am not endeavoring to secure
the removal of the Brooklyn navy-yard ; that
question is not now before us for consideration;
it, has gone from before the House. I simply
ask justice to be done for a locality which has
been purchased by my State atid presented to
the Government and accepted by the Govern-
ment. Members of this [louse representing
other localities and with other interests, your
Secretary of the Navy, with other interests
pressing upon him for consideration, all have
said that the good faith of the Government
is pledged for the improvement of this naval
station. That is all we ask; that is what we
have a right to expect. I call upon this House,
with some show of magnanimity, after voting
these large appropriations for other sites, to
do justice for the site which I am advocating.
I call upon iny friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] who has reported in this bill the sum
of $130,000 for the permanent improvement
of the Brooklyn navy-yard, and the sum of
$75,000 for the permanent improvement of
the Charlestown navy-yard, in his own State—
I ask him to do justice to us.
I represent a State which has but four mem-
bers upon this floor, only three of whom are
here now. I know the large States can vote
us down. I said the other day, as I say now,
that if I could demonstrate to this House that
the site I represent is the best on the globe for
a naval station you have the power to vote us
down. But I ask, in face of the facts I have
stated, -in face of the recommendations of
these.boards, and of the Committee on Naval
Affairs of this House, and of your Secretary
ofthe Navy, who certainly is not undulyfavor-
oble to us, that you should grant us at least
this moderate appropriation which we ask.
I will not detain the House any longer now
by any extended argument upon this subject,.
But if necessary I could go into the facts and
figures to show that the site here presented is
worthy of the fair and honest consideration
of this House and of its favorable action.
Mr. DAWES. I ask for the reading again
of the amendment which has been offered by
the gentleman from Connecticut. [Mr. Stark-
weather,] and I request gentlemen to listen
to its reading.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out lines eight hundred and forty-one and
eight hundred and forty-two, ami insert:
For necessaiy tools for construction of a navy-
yard, and for building wharf, preparing grounds,
comtncncing quay wall, and tor permanentironrove-
inents for nnvv-ynrd, at site accepted by the United
States on Thames river, Connecticut, S50,0ud.
Mr. DAWES. II'themcmbersofthisHouse
have listened to the reading of this amendment
they will understand at once that this is a
proposition to build a new navy yard entire.
Not, one dollar has been expended in the con-
struction, or in the commencement of the con-
struction, of a navy-yard at New London. It
is not accompanied with any proposition to
reduce the number of navy- vards in the United
States, nor is it accompanied with one particle
of argument or evidence that we need a new
navy-yard in the United States. But it is ac-
companied with a very forcible argument that
Connecticut is a good loyal State, with only
four Representatives hereupon this floor; and
justice to Connecticut demands that the United
States shall build a navy-yard there. I think
that comprehends all the argument in favor of
this amendment.
I do not deny that there is a good place there
for a navy-yard ; I believe it is about as good
a place a& any in the United States "for that
purpose. When the time comes, if it ever
comes, that we shall remove some of our present
yards, or reduce their number, I believe that
this place in Connecticut will be a good loca-
tion for a navy-yard. But that is not the ques-
tion we are now to consider. The question is
whether, without any recommendation from
the Navy Department, without any suggestion
from any official whatever, a navy-yard should
be commcnced there now, and for no other
reason than that Connecticut, vying with Penn-
sylvania for two long years inthis House—each
State struggling to see which could secure the
location of a navy-yard—succeeded at last in
forcing upon the Government the acceptance
of this place along with League Island. And
so rejoiced were the men who succeeded in this
effort that silver plate was presented to men
who were supposed to have been instrumental
in pursnading the Government to take these
places off the hands of those States. Because
of the acceptance of the site in that way it is
now urged that the plighted faith of the Gov-
ernment requires the establishment of a new
yard at New London—the ninth'—to be added
to the eight already existing upon the Atlantic
coast.
I would like, if public considerations would
allow it, that my friend from Connecticut
should have the benefit of an appropriation of
S50,000 for his State, as he puts it; but when
he goes before his people in a few weeks and
says, " I have got for my State an appropria-
tion of $50,000," if some one should ask him,
" How much did you get for the United
States?" will he not be compelled to answer
that he got for the United States a legacy of
more than a million dollars of appropriations
by inducing the Government to embark in the
establishment of a new navy yard which can-
not be constructed for less than that sum?
Mr. HALE. It will cost more than two
millions.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Hale,] a member of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, says that it will cost more
than two millions. The Committee on Naval
Affairs., not extremely scrupulous on the
subject of new navy-yards, with a tendency, I
fear, to the establishment of new yards, can-
not thus far be induced, although rny friend
from Connecticut is upon that committee, to
recommend the establishment of this new
yard. Why need I say anything more?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has misrep-
resented me, as I expected he would, and as
he has done from beginning to end. While
professing friendship in a certain way to this
yard at New London, he has both on Saturday
and to-d,ay studiously misrepresented me. I
have not*said that I ask this appropriation for
my State. I have said that I ask it because a
committee appointed by Congress has presented
a report, which I hold in my hand
Mr. DAWES. Certainly I heard my friend
say substantially this : 1£ Our State is a small
Stale; this is all we ask for our State ; I know
you can vote our State down ; there are only
four members from our State on this floor ; and
the large States can vote the small States down."
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman
has made another speech. I was saying that
I ask this because a committee of this House
has recommended New London as the best sit-
uation in the United States for a navy-yard,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawks] voted in favor of that location. He
now goes back upon his record.
Mr. dawes. Notataii.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. He goes back
on his record, because he wantsto attack Con-
necticut. He can, if he chooses, vote against
Connecticut. I have not asked this appropri-
ation because Connecticut is a small State, I
have merely stated what the gentleman is
doing. He may succeed in having this propo-
sition voted down. His State is represented
on all the importantcommittees. We have no
such advantages of representation. We have
no chairmanship ; we are not entitled to one,
perhaps. But the gentleman, on account of
his position in the House, can misrepresent
us. He can speak in his own aim and also
in mine, and then go back on his record by
voting against us.
I ask nothing for my State except what a
committee has reported as valuable to the
United States. These gentlemen from Maine,
who make their side speeches in the way of
suggestions to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, are themselves clamoring for anew navy-
yard in Maine, although they are so much in
favor of economy; and the gentleman from
Massachusetts wants to continue the yard in
his own State.
Mr. Speaker, I simply wanted to reply to the
unfair insinuation of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. If he votes against us hereto-day,
he votes against his own record. I ask my
friends here not to vote for Connecticut sim-
ply, but to vote in favor of a site recommended
over and over again on fair investigation. I
hope that the amendment I submit will receive
favorable consideration.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Starkweather; and the House having
divided, there were—ayes 54, noes 71.
Mr. STARKWEATHER demanded tellers.
Tellers were refused.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous con-
sent, was granted leave to print some remarks
in the Globe on his amendment. [See Ap-
pendix.]
The Clerk read as follows:
For emergencies that may ariso at naval stations,
$100,000.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to add the following:
To pay to Theodore Adams the sum of $112,740 76,
in full i'or all rt'im under his contracts with the
tJoverumentof the United States for ihcconstruction
ot thirty-eight mortar-boats and eight steam-tugs.
A joint resolution has just passed this House
for that, purpose. Members understand en-
tirely the justice of this claim.
Mr. WRLKER. I rise, to a point of order.
Mr. KELSEY. The gentleman is too late,
as the amendment has been discussed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
There is no law authorizing this appropriation.
Mr. KELSEY. The point comes too late.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 rose instantly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled
to rule that the point of order was in time.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask the Chair to rule oa
this point of order.
The SPEAKFJR. The Chair is compelled
to sustain it.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to suspend the rules
so as to make the amendment iti order.
The House divided; and there were ayes
48, noes 54; no quorum voting.
Mr. KELSEY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kelsey and
Mr. Hoi,man were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-six, noes not counted.
