1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tained a threat. He is not acquainted with the
representative of Hayti in this country. That
representative has been distressed at what he
regarded as a threat at the independence of
his country in the message of the President.
I have examined the message carefully, sen-
tence by sentence, word by word, and I was
sorry to find that the representative of Hayti
had too much ground for his anxieties.
The allegation was specific in the message
that the President proposed the annexation of
the island of San Domingo. That followed, as
I have already stated, after the mention of the
rejection of the treaty for the annexation of
Dominica. The subject then broadens. It is
no longer Dominica, or, as he called it, the
republic of San Domingo, but it becomes the
island of San Domingo, and that expression
",the island of" San Domingo," is repeated,
more than once, while in the other place it
is already "San Domingo," which the Sen- j
ator knows is the equivalent term for Hayti. i
Therefore do I think that the Haytian minister j
had too much reason for his anxieties.
And now the Senator criticises me because
I called attention to it. Should I not? I have
always tried to defend the humble. I have tried
to defend, in my poor way, the African race.
I cannot see tliem suffering without suffering
with them. I cannot witness their anxiety
without sharing it. I know the anxiety at this
time in Hayti on account of the course of our
Government. I exhibited it in the message of
the president of Hayti. I might accumulate
testimony derived from other sources. I also
referred to what I learned on good evidence,
the unhappy statement of the American com-
modore to the Government of Hayti; and it
was after that that I encountered the Presi-
dent's message, being in precise harmony with
the menace of the American commodore and
with all the anxieties of the people of Hayti.
Was I wrong in calling attention to it? I
wished, if possible, to arrest a measure which
seems to me fraught with injustice. Therefore
was I firm in exhibiting what seemed to me to
be the reasons against it; and one of those
reasons was that in its prosecution the inde-
pendence of Hayti had been menaced, at least
to the extent of causing what the president
of the republic, in his annual message, called
" anxieties," and what caused a protest here
in Washington from the representative of that
Government. Sir, seeing it as I did, I could
not have acted otherwise.
Mr. McCREERY, (at four o'clock and
thirty-five minutes a. m.) Mr. President, I
have too much respect for this body to make
a motion that has been voted down repeat-
edly. I shall not, therefore, submit a motion
to adjourn, but I move that we take a recess
until nine o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair.) The Senator from Kentucky
moves that the Senate now take a recess until
nine o'clock.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senator from
Kentucky if he will not amend his motion so
as to say twelve o'clock ?
Mr. CAltPENTER. That is an adjournment.
Mr. CONKLING. We can finish the reso-
lution in a short time now.
Mr. MORTON. I think we can dispose of
it in a very few minutes.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will withdraw his motion and let us
see if we cannot come to a vote.
Mr. McCREERY. I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
for a recess is withdrawn. The question is on
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. SCHURZ called for tho yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 12, nays 32; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Johnston, JIc-
Oreery, Morrill ot Vermont, Patterson, Ross, Sckuiz,
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, and Tipton—12.
XAYfe>—Me««vs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow, Car-
penter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Coroeit, Cragm,
Edmunds, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin;
Harlan, Howe, Howell, Lewis, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Revels. Sawyer, Scott, Sher-
man, Stewart, Thayer, Warner, Willey, and Wil-
liams—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Backing-
ham, Cameron, Cattell, Davis, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Harris, Howard,
Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Pratt, Rice,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Spencer, Sprague, Trumbull,
Viokers, Wilson, Windom, and Yates—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the resolution
be amended by inserting at the end of the
twenty-sixth line of the first section, after the
word "thereof," the words "its relations
with the neighbor republic of Hayti;" so that
the sentence will read:
The terms and conditions on which the Domin-
ican Government may desire to be annexed to and
become part of the United States as one of the Terri-
tories thereof: its relations with the neighbor repub-
lic of Hayti, Arc.
I think there can be no objection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
noes appeared to have it.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to insert after
the word "the" where it first occurs, in the
eighth line, the word "number;" so as to
make the clause read:
Report the political stato and condition of the
republic of Dominica, the number, desire, and dis-
position of the people of the said republic to become
annexed, &c.
The whole object is to ascertain what is the
true population of that republic, about which
mostcontradictory statements have been made.
I suppose there is no objection to this amend-
ment.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to inquire of my
honorable friend from Ohio if it is his purpose
to require this commission to take a formal
census?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly not; but if they
can obtain information which will enable them
to report as to the disposition of the people
of Dominica to be annexed to the people of
the United States, if they can ascertain what
the opinion of the majority of the people of
Dominica is on that question, they can give
us some idea of what is the true population of
that republic.
Mr. HARLAN. I suggest the phrase "prob-
able number."
Mr. THURMAN. My amendment will do
no harm, at any rate.
Mr. MORTON. I do not see any objection
to it.
_ Mr. THURMAN. I have read the resolu-
tion carefully. I think the amendment can do
no harm, and that without it they would not
be required to report on that subject.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator from
Indiana gives his acquiescence to this amend-
ment, I wish to call his attention to one fact.
It strikes me, as it did the Senator from Iowa
who propounded the inquiry a moment ago,
that this amendment would require the com-
missioners to ascertain the exact numbers of
the population. The language, as it would read
if amended, would be that they are to report
not only the disposition, &c., but the number
of the people. What does that mean? If it
means anything, it means the ascertained num-
ber; not the number they may judge the popu-
lation to be; not the probable number; not
to approximate; not to estimate; but the num-
ber. There is only one way to do that, and
that is to count noses in that island; and if
the object is to so change the resolution that
it may be fulfilled as it was spoken prophetic-
ally by the Senator from Missouri, that it will
take four or five years to do this, this amend-
ment would certainly be a valuable contribu-
tion to the purpose.
Mr. THURMAN. I had no secret design
whatever iu offering this amendment, and I
have none now. Let us see what these com-
missioners are to do as the resolution is writ-
ten and printed:
And to inquire into, ascertain, and report the
political sta.ie and condition of the republic of
Dominica, the desire and disposition of the people
of the said republic to become annexed to, &c.
They are to ascertain the desire and dispo-
sition of the people on the subject of annexa-
tion. That, of course, means of the majority
of the people. They are to find out whether
a majority are in favor of annexation or not.
I do not suppose any Senator imagines that
that devolves upon them the necessity of open-
ing an election and taking a vote of the people
on that subject.
Mr. CONKLING. I inquire of my honor-
able friend whether it does not mean the pre-
vailing sentiment, if there is one?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly; it only refers
to such agencies as they can employ, and with
such means of information as they can obtain
they are to report on that subject; and in the
same way my amendment is that by the same
agencies they shall ascertain and report what
is the number of the people.
Mr. CONKLING. Suppose the honorable
Senator wanted to ascertain the prevailing
opinion, if there was one, in the city of Wash-
ington touching any matter you please, whether
it be the pavement of streets or the erection of
a market-house or anything else, to reduce it
to a practical point. That, I submit to him,
would be a very simple and easy thing com-
pared with reporting the number of people in
the city of Washington ; and when you come
to extend it over an island without railroads
or means of access, as we are told, of course
to ascertain the prevailing sentiment of the
people, if they had one, upon a question upper-
most in their minds, and to undertake to report
the number of those people, would be widely
different things. ^
Mr. HARLAN. In order that my remarks
may be in order, I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting before the word " number"
the word " probable."
Mr. MORTON and Mr. CONKLING. That
will do.
Mr. HARLAN. I f that i s acceptable I have
nothing to say.
Mr. THURMAN. On the suggestion of the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Cuagin,]
I will change my amendment so as to avoid
all trouble, and insert after the word "the"
these words, "probable number of inhabitants,
and the so that it will read, if adopted:
Report the political state and condition of the
republic of Dominica, the probable number of inhab-
itants. and the desire and disposition, &c.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, as now modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I now move to insert at
the end of the twenty-sixth line these words:
And whether any foreign Government has entered
into or proposed any negotiation for tho acquisition
of said republic, or any part thereof.
One of the inducements held out to the
American people to annex this republic to the
United States is that if the United States fail
to annex it some foreign Power will get a foot-
hold upon it. I for myself regard that as the
merest chimera that ever entered the imagina-
tion of any man. I want these commissioners
to report whether there is any foundation for
that or not.
Mr. HARLAN. If in the opinion of the
mover of this amendment the supposed con-
dition is a mere chimera, it is hardly worth
while to put it in the statute.
Mr. THURMAN. If I am not mistaken,
there is some intimation in the President's
message to the effect that if we do not get this
republic some foreign Power will get a foot-
hold upon it. If I may say so. without dis-
respect to the President, I think that is the
merest fancy that ever was indulged in by any
functionary or even by any private man; and
