wn
THE CONORESSION-A.L GLOBE.
February 9,
Mr. ARCHER. I would like thegentleman
to designate what navy-yard Ehgland has dis-
posed of.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Archer] will certainly
not deny that England is furnishing herself
with her greatest means of war by private en-
terprise,.^ building her naval vessels in pri-
vate yards 'under contracts let by the Govern-
ment, and that she is not now building vessels
in Government yards.
Now-, Mr. Speaker, I am unwilling to vote
for thfe bill in its original shape. 1 am cer-
tainly unwilling to vote for the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Eetcham,] which limits its effect to the
city of New York. 1 call attention to the fact
that the substitute proposed by the gentleman
from New York limits the removal to some
place within the State of New York. I think
that is a matter to which the House of Repre-
sentatives should by no means commit itself.
I remember iu the Thirty-Eighth Congress to
have been a member of' the Committee on
Military Affairs, which, in company with the
Committee on Naval Affairs, visited New Lon-
don, and, as far as we were able, examined the
site; and that committee were so favorably im-
pressed with the place that I should certainly
be unwilling now, by any vole that I should
give, to forswear our right to locate a yard at
that place if we want to locate one at all. The
wholescope of this inquiry is so important that
we ought to submit it to some of the best brains
we have in this country to examine, without
heat, without partisan prejudice, and without
any mere sense of iocal interest, and then give
us facts. I am therefore in favor of passing a
resolution like that presented by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Ketcham,] if he
will strike out the words limiting the inquiry
to the State of New York. If he will do that
I will vote for it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Has the
morning hour expired? ■
The .SPEAKER. Jt has.
Mr. KE fCHAM. I desire to modify my
amendment.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut now has the floor, but the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Ketcham] is at liberty
to modify his amendment before the previous
question is moved, as it is an individual amend-
ment, and not one reported from the com-
mittee.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. But he has not
the floor now.
The SPEAKER. At this time it would re-
quire unanimous consent for him to modify it.
Mr. DAWES. Has the previous question
been ordered?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the fourth section.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to ad-
vise the House again that he has received notice
from the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] that at three o'clock the death of the
late Mr. Covode will be announced. Members
may desire to know this fact with reference to
the business to be taken u.p for the remaining
forty minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [M'r. Scofield,] the-
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
if he will permit me to offer an amendment to
the fourth section, to strike out three words?
Mr. SCOF1ELD. What words?
Mr. DAWES. The words " site or sites."
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 have already agreed to
yield to the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch]
to offer that amendment.
mission to russia?
Mr. MYERS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on foreign Affairs
be requested to inquire into the expediency of
placing the mission to Russia on a par in all respects
with those to England and France, and to report by
bili or otherwise.
naval appropriation bill. .
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the special
order. •
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on thestato of the Union, (Mr, Cox
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 2789) making appropri-
ations for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1872, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN.. When the committee
was last in session it had under consideration
the following paragraph in the bill:
At the Naval Asylum: for secretary to the gov-
ernor, $1,200; for steward, $480; for matron. $300; for
cook, $168; assistant cook. $120; four laundresses, at
$108 each; eight scrubbers and house-cleaners, at
$96 each: six laborers, at $210 each, and seven labor-
ers at$263each; master-at-arms, $4W; forsbip's cor-
poral, $3U0; for barber, $360; superintendent, &>A0;
in all, $6,852.
Mr. STEVENS. I renew the amendment
which I withdrew when this bill was last under
consideration, to strike out the words ,ffor
secretary to the governor, $1,200." Mr. Chair-
man, I do nqt desire to renew the discussion
upon this question. It was somewhat fully
discussed the other day for a single item in the
bill, and there is a desire to have a vote upon
it. I think it was shown in the discussion, when
the bill was last under consideration, that this
is an unnecessary and useless office, and that
on the score of economy and propriety it ought
to be abolished and the place supplied by a
detail from the officers of the Navy. I have
seen and heard nothing to change my views
upon that proposition since we had it up for
discussion the other day. If, however, the gen-
tleman who has charge of this bill has any
reasons to offer why it should not Be done I
should be glad to hear them ; otherwise I ask
a vote on my amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am
sorry my friend from New Hampshire [Mr.
Stevens] insists upon a vote on iiis amend-
ment. Jhe head of tke Naval Asylum at Phil-
adelphia is an admiral of the Navy. There
are under his charge several hundreds of dis-
abled sailors, as I am informed; and it would
seem to be but fair and reasonable that he
should be allowed a secretary to aid him in
the performance of his duties.
I am ready to confess, and I will admit that
I believe there are very many more persons
employed in most of our naval establishments
than there is any necessity for. And I hope
that the next Congress will not fail to consti-
tute a committee to visit all these navy-yards,
and to examine and ascertain what officers
may be dispensed with. I am satisfied that in
that way a very great saving may be made.
But we have not now the information neces-
sary to justify us in striking at these officers
indiscriminately. I hope my friend will not
insist upon his amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I will take the sense of
the Committee of the Whole upon it. Some
desire was expressed the other day to have a
vote upon it, perhaps that desire may have
passed away now.
The question was taken upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Stevens, and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the Naval Asylum at Philadelphia: for sup-
port of the institution, $65,100; which shall bo paid
out of the income from the naval pension fund.
Mr. ARCHER. I raise the point of order
on the paragraph just read, that it proposes
new legislation in proposing to pay this amount
for this purpose out of the naval pension fund.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Does the
gentleman make a point of order on that? ■
Mr. ARCHER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That we
have not the right to restrict an appropriation ?
Mr. ARCHER. -That it is not proper to
pay this out of the naval pension fund.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That has
been done heretofore.
Mr. ARCHER. When?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Several
times.
Mr. ARCHER. I know the last appropria-
tion bill did not pay this from the naval pen-
sion fund.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am
confident that it has been done.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
For protection of timber lands, $9,000.
Mr. CALKIN. I would like to hear some
explanation of this paragraph.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The Sec-
retary ofthe Navy asks this amount for the pro-
tection of the live-oak timber lands in Florida,
and probably some other timber lands.
The Clerk read as follows:
Civil establishment at the navy-yard, Portsmouth,
New Hampshire: for clerk.iu equipment office,
$1,400; for store clerk, $1,100; and for time clerk,
$900; in all, $3,400.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out the words
"Portsmouth, New Hampshire," and inserting
in lieu thereof the words " Kittery, Maine;"
so as to make it correspond with an amend-
ment made to a preceding portion of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee of the Whole rose informally
for the purpose of receiving a message from
the President.
approval of bills, etc.
A- message from the President, by Mr. Hor-
ace Porter, his Private Secretary, informed
the House that the President had approved and
signed bills and joint resolutions of the fol-
lowing titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 794) for the relief of H.
Lawrence Scott, late agent for the sale of
internal revenue stamps in the thirteenth dis-
trict of Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. R. No. 1010) for the relief of
Hiram A. Cutting;
A bill (H. It. No. 1667) for the relief of
Janes, Fowler, Kirtland & Co.;
A bill (H. It. No. 2250) tor the relief of
John Wilson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2703) to authorize the
Worcester County National Bank, Massachu-
setts, to change its location ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) author-
izing the sale of a portion of the Fort Leaven-
worth military reservation to the Kansas Agri-
cultural and Mechanical Association of Leav-
enworth county, in the State of Kansas, for
fairgrounds;
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 417) author-
izing an American register to the British ship
Robert L. Lane;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 408) for the
protection and preservation of the food fishes
of the coast of the United States ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 479) repeal-
ing the joint resolution approved July 15,
1870, entitled "Ajoint resolution authoring
the Postmaster General to adjust the accounts
of George Chorpeuning;'' and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 487) relative
to school lands in the State of Oregon.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. SympsoN,
one ol its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a bill of the following title, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 1274) to empower the Sec-
retary of War to establish under certain con-
ditions a horse railway upon and over the
island of Rock Island, and the bridges erected
by the United States connecting the cities of
Davenport and Rock Island therewith.
