1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
measure have a right to reject all propositions
made by its enemies. But is the allegation
according to the fact? Has the Senate mani-
fested a disposition to reject all propositions to
amend? Already three or' four amendments
have been concurred in the importance of
which was not so obvious to a majority of this
Chamber as they seemed to be to the minority;
but for the purpose of making the investigation
as broad and as thorough and as satisfactory, as
practical even, to the minority, the majority
have yielded their judgment and have attempt-
ed in good faith to make the proposition as
little distasteful as practicable even to its
enemies.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Iowa seems to think that having
stated that this resolution is useless, that
whatever may be the information obtained
under it, yet in my judgment Dominica ought
not to be annexed to the United States, it is
therefore inconsistent in me to offer any amend-
ment enlarging the field of inquiry of these
commissioners. I submit that that is not very
logical reasoning.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will pardon me, I do not now understand him
to make the statement to which I replied. I
understood the honorable Senator to state
awhile ago that no more information was
needed, that we had it all in the Library, that
the members of this body were already suffi-
ciently informed.
Mr. THURMAN. I do say that all the
information necessary to decide this question
of the annexation of Dominica is already in
the possession of the Senate; and I do further
say that I have not the least idea in the world
that any report this commission may make will
change the vote of a single Senator on this
iloor. Their votes may be changed by other
considerations, but it will not be by the light
of the knowledge thrust upon them by the
report provided for here. The report may be
made a pretest for a change of opinion ; the
real cause of the change will be found else-
where. I have not the least idea that anything
that will be in this report will change my
opinion or that of any other Senator; and when
1 say that it may be made the pretext, as 1 did
a moment ago, I say that in no offensive sense.
Senators may have changed their opinion al-
leady, and for reasons sufficient to themselves.
I question no man's motives, and it may be
that they would like to have something upon
which they could go before the public to vin-
dicate themselves for a change of opinion. I
do not condemn them for that. They may
look to such a report as may come in here as
furnishing tliein with that excuse. I do not
deny their right to avail themselves of any such
agency as that; but 1 do again say that, look-
ing at this question in the changcd light in
which it ought to be looked at, there is not oue
f-ingle fact that is not already known to the
Senate sufficient for its decision.
So much for that. And now, Mr. President,
I must say, with entire respect to the gentle-
men of the Republican party, that I am more
and mose astonished as this debate progresses
at the singular manner in which the President
of the United States, and I may say the Sen-
ate, too, is defended. The Senator from Iowa
says that we have not sufficient information.
If we have not sufficient information, if the
President had not sufficient information upon
which to make so important a treaty as one for
the annexation of Dominica, if he made such a
treaty without sufficient information, how can
he escape the condemnation of the American,
people? If the Senate rejected that treaty
without sufficient information, how can the
Senate escape the condemnation of the Amer-
ican people? Does not the Senator see that
when he says we were so ignorant on this Sub-
ject that we were not fit to act upon it he was
condemning the President and condemning the
Senate'.'
: my
Mr. HARLAN. Will the Senator have
answer now?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. HARLAN. Not at all. I do not un-
derstand that a treaty is made until after the
consent and approval of the Senate has been
obtained. The President submits a proposi-
tion for a treaty to the Senate ; it is not made
until the consent and advice of the Senate has
been had. He may not make the treaty then;
it is still within his province whether he will
proceed or not. He submits the proposition
to the Senate, with the information he has, to
elicit their judgment, to elicit theiropinion, to
ascertain whether they will advise and approve
the making of such a treaty. The President
pursued this course, submitted to the Senate
his views on the subject, with the informa-
tion that he had, which justified him in tak-
ing the initiative and proceeding as far as
he did. The remark that I made in rela-
tion to the smallness of information applied
to myself chiefly, and I think it would be,
perhaps, just to apply it to some other mem-
bers of the committee; at least they were
modest enough to concur with me in opinion
on that subject.
Mr. THURMAN. I must dissent entirely
from the view of the Senator from Iowa in
regard to the constitutional duty of the Presi-
dent in making a treaty. The President, as
has been said, is a coordinate branch of the
Government in the making of a treaty. No
treaty can be made by the Senate alone; no
treaty can be made by the PresMent alone.
The Constitution, for wise purposes, requires
that both these departments shall concur in the
making of a treaty; and that implies that each
of the departments is to exercise its own judg-
ment; to exercise it faithfully, to exercise it
upon sufficient information, and, above all
things, that that branch of the Government
which has the initiative, the executive branch,
should be well assured of the ground on which
it treads before it takes a single step. Of all
departments of the Government, then, the
executive department, the President, ought
to be well advised before he enters into a
treaty with a foreign Power.
It is said that a treaty is not a treaty until it
is ratified by the Senate. Certainly not; but
it comes before us with the sanction of the
President, with the weight of his great name,
with the presumption that he has fully invest-
igated the subject and is satisfied in his own
mind, and that upon sufficient information, that
that treaty ought to be made. It comes with
that powerful recommendation to the Senate
of the United States, and the President has
no right to send it in here as an experiment.
If he wants the advice and consent of the
Senate before making a treaty, let him follow
the course that was pursued by President
Polk in regard to the treaty which fixed the
boundary line between us and the British
possessions west of the Rocky mountains:
let him ask the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate whether he shall make such a treaty. That
was the course then pursued in the Oregon
difficulty. No treaty was framed until the
Senate advised it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Y\"hat is the difference?
Mr. THURMAN. The difference is most
material. There the President asked the advice
and consent of the Senate whether he should
make such a treaty at all. Then he reserved
it to himself, after receiving that advice and
consent, to determine whether in his own judg-
ment it was wise to make such a treaty. He
did not send here a treaty already signed, as
this treaty was signed, as all treaties which are
executed before they are sent to the Senate
are signed; he did not send it here with the
weight of his recommendation ; but he simply
sent a message to the Senate asking the Senate
to advise him whether it would be expedient
to make a treaty with Great Britain adopting
the line of forty-nine degrees a3 the boundary
line. That is the course when the advice and
consent of the Senate are asked before a treaty
is made. When the President makes a treaty
first and then sends it to the Senate for-ratifi-
cation, the President then, after it is ratified,
cannot withdraw it; there is nothing more to
be executed. It becomes a treaty the moment
it is ratified by the contracting Power. The
President has nothing more to do with it but
to exchange the ratification.
Mr. CARPENTER. Suppose he does not
exchange the ratification, will a mandamus
compel him?
Mr. THURMAN. Suppose the President
of the United States will not discharge any of
his duties; what will you do with him if he cloes
notdischarge any of his duties? But what has
that to do with it? If he has made a treaty,
he has given it the sanction of his judgment,.
It imports that he has made it upon sufficient
information and that his judgment approves
it. When he sends it to the Senate it comes
with the full weight of his authority; and if
he has made it without sufficient information
he is a man who has not fulfilled his duty, and
he deserves condemnation.
Now, sir, I do not believe one word of
this. President Grant did take steps to get'
information. If I am not mistaken, my
honorable friend from California [Mr. Cole]
made a visit to that island and made a report
upon it to the President. I think I am not
mistaken.
Mr. COLE. I made a visit, but I did not
make any report to the President, nor did I
go by the authority of the President.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not say that ; but
at least the information which the Senator
obtained, I suppose, was known to the Presi-
dent. Certainly he ought to have made it
known.
Mr. COLE. I presume I talked with him
on the subject.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well. It is to the
credit of the President that he asked informa-
tion from so well-informed and competent an
adviser. He sent, as has been said, certain gen-
tlemen thereto obtain information. ThePresi
dent got all the information doubtless which he
supposed necessary. Upon that information
he thought it advisable to make that treaty.
If, in his judgment, the information he had
was sufficient to justify the making of the treaty
I do not blame him for that at all. But it is
doing injustice to him to suppose that he made
that treaty without any investigation such as
the Executive of the nation ought to make
before he enters into so important a contract,
and I say it is equally unjust to the Senate
who rejected that treaty to say that they did it
in ignorance, for they had it in their power to
lay the treaty over for further consideration.
If there was a provision in that treaty requir-
ing the ratifications to be exchanged within a
given time, they had it in their power to ask
that that time might be extended; they had it
in their power to extend the consideration
of the treaty until full information could be
obtained, and if they did not take the steps to
acquire the necessary information, if they, in
ignorance of what they ought to have known
before they voted, rejected the treaty, I ask
you, are they to escape the condemnation of
the American people?
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I must have
been very unfortunate in the use of language
to justify the honorable Senator's total mis-
apprehension of what I intended to say. I did
not intend to say that the President of the Uni-
ted States was not well informed. I did not
intend to intimate that he had not all the in-
formation which justified him in negotiating
the treaty referred to. On the other hand,
I attempted to indicate some of the avenues
of information open to the President, and
the means adopted for the purpose of secur-
ing it. Nor is the pending proposition in-
tended to elicit information for the use of
