1694
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Mr. BROOKS, of New Ydi*. No, sir.
Bat the gentleman will- understand that the
formation of the ocean-bed changes as much
as the coast, and that" it is necessary to have
new surveys constantly made.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Great
Britain.has been for hundreds of years engaged
in making these surveys. They are generally
• perfectly accurate, and no one'would pretend
nowthat it was wise policy to eeind out expedi-
tions to make surveys where they have already
bead rriade though they may have been made
by aPower unfriendly to us. If we have the
true,insult of such surveys what more do you
desire ? The Midway islands were discovered
by our own vessels and were laid down on the
charts. And it was the fault of the navigator,
and not because we had not made proper
appropriations, that I believe the Saginaw
was stranded.
Mr. BANKS. If the gentleman will permit
me I will say a word upon that point. The
Midway islands were discovered by American
seamen. Two years ago an appropriation was
made for the construction of a harbor there.
There lias been no such perfect survey as the
gentleman's remarks would seem to indicate
of the position of those islands ; but an appro-
priation of $50,000 was made for the purpose
of having such a survey and constructing a
harbor; and it was because the survey had not
been completely effected and the harbor had
not been constructed that this vessel and these
lives were lost. It was on my own motion that
that, appropriation was made.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This is
notan appropriation for making surveys. It is—
For drawing, engraving, and printing charts, elec-
trotyping ana correcting old piates, preparing and
publishing sailing directions and other bydrographic
information.
The Department asked for $30,000 for this
purpose. The committee propose to give
$10,000; and we think that is sufficient for
all necessary purposes. They do not ask an
appropriation for surveys. If they did $30,000
or $300,000 would be inadequate for that pur-
pose. The idea is simply to copy from exist-
ing charts of surveys that have already been
made for us by Great Britain.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Having ex-
pressed iny opinions on the subject, I do not
wish to press my amendment to a division;
and I therelore withdraw it.
The Clerk read as follows :
For expenses of Naval Observatory, namely: for
pay of one clerk, $1,500.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend by strik-
ing out '-$1,500" andinserting "of classfour,
$1,800." I read the following two or three
lines in relation to this from the report of
Commodore Sands:
*'I would also urge that the clerk, the only one
allowed tho Observatory, who has charge of all its
correspondence, accounts, &c., and whose duties are
of n. peculiarly arduous nature, be placed upon the
footing, as to pay, of a fourth-class clerk."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. 1 would
not object to that amendment if I did not
know that it would lead to this result: that the
very next session every clerk would want his
pay increased $300 in order to conform to the
pay given to this clerk. I think the paragraph
had better remain as it is. The bill conforms
precisely with the estimate and with what
the Secretary asks for. The amendment will
increase the salary $300.
The amendment was rejected.
The following paragraph was read:
For experiments in ordnance, $25,000.
Mr. CONNER. I move to amend that par-
agraph by striking out "$25,000" and insert-
ing " $100,000." Mr. Chairman, this is an
appropriation for experiments in ordnance.
The strength of the Navy and of the Army, their
efficiency in other words, is always determined
by the character of the ordnance, of the arms
used. In onr late-civil war, when onr troops
were first sent, to the field they were sent out
with the old smooth-bore muskets, shooting one
round shot and three buckshot. We had been
at peace with all the world for years and no
appropriation had been made for experiments.
We had therefore made no progress in that
direction. As the war went on the attention
of the Army and of the officers of the War
Department was attracted to the inefficiency
of our arms, and improvements followed as a
consequence; but it was not until the close
of the war that the breech-loading Springfield
rifle was put into the hands of our soldiers.
In peace we should prepare for war. The
efficiency of our Navy is determined by the
character of our naval architecture and the
perfection of the cannon and ordnance used,
and I feel that if the House could realize the
importance of keeping up these experiments—
for they are now but in their infancy—it would
not be necessary to keep afloat a large navy
so long as we kept pace with the progress of
other nations in the character of the arms
used. I submit these remarks, and I hope
that the appropriation will be increased so
that experiments may go on in our orduance
department of the Navy.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. As the
hour of three o'clock has arrived, at which
time the death of the late Mr. Covode is to be
announced, I move that the committee do now
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Cox
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
2789) making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending June 30,1872, and for
other purposes, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
unrolled resolution signed.
Mr. BE ATT Y, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution of the following title; when the
Speaker signed the same:
■Joint resolution (H. R. No. 472) for the
relief of Mary A. Elliot.
death op hon. john covode.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, we have again
been painfully reminded that there is an ap-
pointed time to man on earth, and that he is
consumed, and vanisheth away as the cloud.
When on Friday, the 6th of January, he left
Washington for a brief visit to Philadelphia and
Harrisburg, few of us appeared to have a firmer
hold on life or the more assured promise of a
green and comfortable old age than my late col-
league, Hon. John Covode. Descending from
ancestors on either side whose lives had been
prolonged beyond theallotted period, endowed
with a robust and muscular frame, and having
enjoyed singular immunity from disease, he was
happy in the thought that at the expiration
of this Congress he was to return to private
life and devote his energies to the promotion
of several enterprises in which his interests
and feelings were engaged. But it was not so
appointed. He was not to return to his place
in this Hall; and theexecution of his cherished
purposes was to be confided to other hands.
From Philadelphia he wentwith his younger
sons to West Chester, Pennsylvania, to replace
them in the excellent academy in which they
had been receiving those educational advan-
tages of which untoward circumstances had
deprived their father.- Accompanied by his
wife he proceeded to Harrisburg on the 10th
of January. He was in the enjoyment of his
usual vigorous health, and passed the evening
in cheerful intercourse with friends assembled
at its caoital from the several quarters of his
native State. Expecting to take the early morn-
ing train, he retired early and slept, free from
apprehension of the dread stimmoner. About
three o'clock he was awaked by a severe pain
about the heart. What wife and friends and
medical skill could do for his relief was done;
but in less than two brief hours the strong man
feebly gasped the dread words, "I am dying,"
and passed beyond the sphere of temporal trials
or triumphs.
A distinguished citizen of Massachusetts, in
the course of an elaborate article entitled
"The Government and the Railroad Corpora-
tions," in the lastnumberof the North Amer-
ican Review, in characterizing'the people of
Pennsylvania, says:
" They are not marked by intelligence. They are,
in fact. dull, uninteresting, very slow, and very per-
severing. Thesearequalities, however, which they
hold in common with the ancient Romans. Andthey
possess also, in a marked degree, one other charac-
teristic of that classic raoe, the power of organiza-
tion, and through itof command. They have always
decided our presidential election s: th ey have al ways,
in their dull, heavy fashion, regulated our econom-
ical policy; theiriron-masters have, in truth, proved
iron-masters indeed, when viewed by other locali-
ties through the medium of the protective systemby
them imposed. Not open to argument, not receptive
of ideas, not given to flashes of brilliant execution,
tbis State none the less knows well what it wants, and
knows equally well how to organize to secure it."
The author of this paragraph would probably
have found little to commend in the character
and career of Mr. Covode, who was born in
the mountainous wilds of western Pennsylva-
nia many years before that State had provided
common schools for its children, and his child-
hood and youth were passed in toil on a farm
and in a woolen mill. He had not studied the
writings of Kant, Fichte, or Hegel, or even
made himself familiar with those of Carlyle or
Emerson. But, ignorant as he may have been
of the doctrine of intuitive perceptions and
the body of transcendental philosophy, he had,
without these aids, attained such a knowledge
of the uses of material nature, and the springs
that animate, impel, or restrain men, as made
him the welcome and trusted counselor when
maturing their grandest projects, of men far
more learned, brilliant, and distinguished than
himself. Hisletterscontain no quotations from
classic authors, but are replete with evidence
of his sagacity, insight into the motives of men,
and masculine and matured judgment.
Mr. Covode was born in Westmoreland
county, Pennsylvania, on the l~tli of March,
1808. That his parentage was humble will be
inferred from the fact that his grandfather,
Garrett Covode, a native of Holland, was
when a child kidnapped in the streets of
Amsterdam by a sea-captain, who brought
him to Philadelphia and under then exist-
ing laws sold him into bondage as a " redpinp-
tioner," in which condition he was held for
some years after coming to manhood, and was
subsequently employed as a domestic servant
in the household of General Washington. He
died in 1826 at the advanced age of ninety-
four years. The mother of Mr. Covode was a
Quaker, and it is among the traditions of her
family that two of her ancestors, together with
a person named Wood, prepared and published
a protest against the decision of William Penn
recognizing the legality of African slavery.
This protest is said to have been the first anti-
slavery manifesto published in this country.
The first public office filled by Mr. Covode
was that of justice of the peace " for Ligonier
and Fairfield townships," to which he was
appointed by Governor Wolf before he was
twenty-four years of age. Then, and in this
humble office, it was that his neighbors be-
stowed up him the sobriquet of honest John
Covode. His office, to which angry litigants
were summoned, was in truth a couri of con-
ciliation, in which, regardless of the emolu-
ments of office, the judge found his duty and
pleasure in adjusting by compromise disputed
claims between his neighbors aud soothing
their exasperation.
In 1845 he was nominated by the Whig con-
ferees of the counties of Somerset and West-
moreland as the candidate of that party for
State_senator. The district was largely Dem-
ocratic and he was defeated, although he
received several hundred more votes than any
