268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
the President of the United States particu-
larly. It is intended to elicit information for
the use of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives. The remarks that I attempted to
make had reference to this body, and chiefly
to myself.
I have not uttered one sentence, I think,
which can fairly be construed to justify the
remarks made by the honorable Senator from
Ohio, implying that, in my opinion, the Pres-
ident of the United States was not well informed.
I believe that he was well informed. I believe
he did satisfy himself that the interests of this
country would be promoted by the acquisition
of this territory, and that annexation was prac-
ticable. Nor do I think that the present propo-
sition is out of harmony with the usual course
pursued by deliberative bodies under similar
circumstances. The President, on informa-
tion which he deemed satisfactory, negotiated
a treaty and submitted the treaty to the Sen-
ate. It did not receive the approval of two
thirds of this body. Some months afterward
the President again invited the attention of the
Congress to the subject, telling Congress that,
in his opinion, the best interests of the coun-
try would be promoted by annexation, and
suggesting that, if Congress should agree with
the Executive in opinion, they might author-
ize the appointment of commissioners to nego-
tiate a new treaty.
In response to this suggestion the honorable
Senator from Indiana introduces a bill to pro-
vide for a commission of inquiry. Is not this
course considerate and prudent? Can Con-
gress do less without manifest discourtesy to
the President? The President once examined
the subject in the discharge of his duty as the
chief Executive ; he negotiated a treaty with a
neighboring republic and submitted that treaty
to the American Senate. It was not ratified
by the reqnisiteconstitutionalnumber of votes;
but his opinion is unchanged when Congress
reconvenes; he still believes that the interest,
not to say the honor and the glory of this
nation, requires the ratification of some such
treaty, lie presents reasons in detail for the
action which he proposes. The Senate, by
the adoption of this resolution, responds to
the President of the United States in effect:
we will inquire into all the facts attainable with
a view to a reconsideration if we shall find
that we misapprehended the subject. The Sen-
ate, in the adoption of this resolution, merely
declares its desire to be fully informed on the
subject.
Mr. CARPENTER. I think it quite mani-
fest, from the course of this debate, that we
are approaching a vote on this question, and I
do not intend to delay action by making any
extended remarks. This has been a very
remarkable debate, and has so far followed
the methods of forensic discussion, that the
matters in difference have been steadily nar-
rowing, until from very grave and serious
criticism upon the President everything has
faded away, except that the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thurman] thinks the President
ought iirst to have submitted it to the Senate
to advise whether he should enter into a treaty
for the annexation of San Domingo, whereas
the President first executed the treaty and
then submitted to the Senate to say whether
it should be ratified.
Mr. THURIIAN. I beg my fiieud to allow
me to interrupt him.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. So far from censuring
the President for making a treaty without first
submitting it to the Senate, I said distinctly
that 1 had no doubt the President had inform-
ation which to his mind was sufficient to jus-
tify him in making the treaty; and so far from
saying at all that 1 censured the President in
that, 1 only said that all this information was
needed and is needed in order to enable us to
know whether Dominica ought to be annexed.
You who pass this resolution and say the in-
formationis necessary do condemn—not I con-
demn, but you condemn—both the President
and Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. Very "well; it seems
then that even the small criticism which I sup-
pose remained has been surrendered, or never
existed ; and I will leave the matter there.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask that the pending
amendment be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy. ) The amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment is to insert at the end of the twenty-sixth
line of the first section the words :
And whether any foreign (rovernment hay entered
into or proposed any negotiations for the acquisition
of said repubiic, or any part thereof.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, each time
we have a debate on one of these amendments
it seems to expand and take in nearly the whole
subject. I should like to ask my friend, the
Senator from Iowa who last spoke, for whose
necessities does he understand the informa-
tion to be obtained under this resolution was
designed? Por the information of the Presi-
dent? For the information of the Senators
who voted for the treaty? Or for the informa-
tion of the Senators who voted against the
treaty ?
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
is really serious in propounding that proposi-
tion I shall be equally candid in answering it
to the best of my ability.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am quite serious. I
do not, indeed, believe in turning this matter
into so much of a joke as some of my brethren
here.
Mr. HARLAN. Of course it is impossible
for me to know the motives that influence the
honorable Senator from Indiana who brought
in this resolution. I draw my conclusion from
its general scope and tenor, and I infer that it
is intended for the information of Congress,
without reference to the previous positions of
the members of this or the other body, on the
supposition that we are candid legislators and
desire to do right in the future, without regard
to the question of whether we may have erred
or acted wisely in the past.
Mr. CASSIS ULY. The Senator from Iowa
is too intelligent not to understand that a pro-
ceeding for further information implies a want
of information in some quarter; and when I
asked him whether he supposed that want of
information lay with the President or with the
Senators who voted for the treaty, or the Sen-
ators who voted against the treaty, I desired
to bring his mind to that point where he sup-
posed lies the want of information which this
resolution implies.
Mr. HARLAN. It would be more self-
complacent than I desire to become to say
that I think it is needed more by those who
voted differently from myself than by those who
voted with mo and agreed with me in opinion,
though if those who voted differently from me
had had precisely the fame information that I
had or supposed I had, I am inclined to the
opinion that they would have voted as I did if
they had had the same views of the neces-
sity of a possession in those waters. I cannot
know how far information on the subject would
influence the vote of any member of the body.
I think 1 heard a remark from some quarter a
few minutes since that no amount of inform-
ation would induce the Senator who made the
utterance to vote for the annexation of this
republic, that he was opposed to it in toto,
from beginning to end; he did not wish any
of those possessions under any possible state
of facts. Of course information would be of
no use to such a member; but I suppose
there are those who would vote for annexation
under a certain condition of tacts which they
may now think, with the information they
have, does not exist, and it would be for the
benefit of those that this information should
be obtained.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Iowa
suggests, modestly however, and with proper
reservation, that perhaps he ought to assume
that the want of information lay rather with
those who voted differently from him than with
those who voted on the same side with him. I
must confess, Mr. President, that the dilemma
seems to me to be precisely the other way.
Without pretending to say ho wanybody voted—
of course that is a matter which we have no right
to discoverinthispublicdiscussion—itmust be
quite, apparent that the Senators who voted
against the treaty might have done it from vari-
ous causes; among the rest, on account of
a defect of information. When you are not
sufficiently informed to vote for a treaty of
annexation it is always a prudent course, and
generally the best course, to vote against it.
llut for those Senators who voted for the treaty
now, if there are any such, after its rejection
to come before Congress and admit that they
voted for the treaty upon defective informa-
tion and require further information for a
second effort at annexation, is, it seems to me,
to pass a heavy sentence of condemnation on
themselves, as men who voted for a most im-
portant measure upon information which they
now confess was not sufficient to justify their
votes.
1 do not agree that the argument of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, although it is the most plausi-
ble which I have yet heard on the point, has
vindicated the President of the United States
from the serious censure to which he has ex-
posed himself by his course in the effort to
bring about the annexation of the Dominican
territory. We all know, and without fencing
with each other, without pretending wo see
things we do not see, because they do not exist,
we might just as well recognize the facts in this
matter. Everybody knows that the measure
now under debate was not the spontaneous
product of Congress in either branch, neither
in the Senate nor in the other House, but that
it had its origin from the President himself.
It is evidently the prompting, in a modified form,
of the direct recommendation in his message.
Being as it is, then, a measure for a commis-
sion to collect information, it becomes an ad-
mission by the President of much gravity against
himself.
If there was on any question connected with
the annexation of San Domingo a lack of
information among the members of the Presi-
dent's party in Congress, why is it that he,
who must have had all the information requi-
site, did not supply the want without resorting
to the circuitous and dilatory measure now
befoie us? I say he had all the information.
It is respectful to him—and I desire always
to be respectful to the Chief Magistrate of
the country—to assume that in the first place
he never would have negotiated the import-
ant treaty of annexation, never would have
recommended it to the Senate and pressed
so urgently for its ratification, without the
amplest information. In the second place,
it is equally respectful to him to assume,
and to assume conclusively, that after the
failure of the treaty he would not again have
pressed upon Congress the subject of an-
nexation with renewed urgency in his mes-
sage, in its most emphatic passage, without
having fortified himself with all farther in-
formation possible to be obtained in favor of
his views. All this, I say, we are bound to
assume, and to assume in the strongest man-
ner.
Having, then, in his own hands this full and
conclusive body of information, why is it that
the President has not laid it before the Senate,
or before Congress? He might have transmit-
ted it with his message, or made it the subject
of a special message; or some one of his many
friends in either House of Congress might have
called for the whole of it by a simple resolution
of inquiry in the ordinary form. Such a reso-
lution, offered by either of the two distinguished
