.10^6
.WE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Mr. Burlingame was naturally, and at ,once
drawn into confidential .aii'd .friendly relations
■with Mr. Covode, who, in, a different way and
upon a different class pf persons, exercised the
same .important', and beneficent influence. I
shall never forget yie delight with wjuich Mr.
Burl.ipgatne, first spoke to ijie of having found
in his new friend t kindred spirit. It,i-s,«,ti;ange
that men se> unlik > in condition,- in habtfs, and
in eulujrajtion should be so drawn together; but
it is the one common touch of nature" makes
llie'hole "world kin. No two persons exer-
cisgd.ft, higher or purer influence in the Con-
gress,which brought them together, and their
^mutual.esteem a,nd friendship ended only with
tjieir lives. It would be impossible for me to
pronounce a higher eulogiumupon the charac-
ter of the late member of the House than to
repeat what 1 have so often heard fall from the
eloquent lips of our common friend ; and I am
stare no estimate of character could be more
highly prized by his family or friends, or by
the members of the House around me, than a
favorable judgment formed under such circum-
stances and considerately expressed by the
distinguished man to whom I have referred.
' The peculiar and prominent characteristics
of Mr. Covode were his simplicity, sincerity,
and earnestness. His convictions were clear
and strong. Ha was necessarily a partisan,
because he adhered to his convictions and those
who supported them; but he was an honest
£nd generous partisan. With the best oppor-
tunities to judge during the most excited
periods of our recent political history, I never
pbs.erved in him the slightest tinge of malig-
nity, of selfishness, or of envy. There is po
character of the heated period of which I speak
that I recall with more unmixed satisfaction or
higher respect.
There is no better illustration of the power
of gopd sense, honest purposes, and earnest
devotion, unaccompanied by the advantages
of scholarship, than that which his career
exhibits. He was, as his distinguished and
eloquent colleague has said, an uneducated
man; but there are elements of power more
important in the management of human affairs
than polite learning or scholastic education:
"Knowledge and wisdom, far from being one.
Have olt times no connection. Knowledge dwells
In heads replete with thoughts of other men;
"Wisdom in minds attentive to their own."
Knowledge, a rude, unprofitable mass,
'The mere material with which wisdom builds,
'Till smoothed and squared and fitted'in its placo,
Doth but incumber where it seems to enrich. 1 '
Mr. Covode had this wisdom. There were
few among us who had a larger stjp.re of ip'flj)-
ence in public affairs when he gave the<p Jii^
attention, or could better impress his con-
victions upon the masses of the people.
Without any of the graces of oratory, his
speeches, short, sententious, apposite, and
replete with enthusiasm, never failed to pro-
duce the effect which is both the purpose and
result of true eloquence—that of challenging
attention and working conviction. His ad-
dresses to popular assemblies were of this
character: practical, enriched with copious
illustration, pertinent to his argument, never
above the comprehension of his auditors, and
never failing to carry conviction to those
whom he addressed. The political campaigns
that followed the presidential election of 1856,
especially those .vhich brought in review the
incidents of the distinguished administration
of Mi'. Buchanan, gave signal evidence of his
success and power
There was a) elipous tinge in all his thoughts
and actions not unlike that attributed to Hu-
guenots and Puritans, but which gave hira a
somewhat different character. Though a stern
partisan, he did not counsel extreme measures.
A geneious policy, enforced with* unity and
vigor, represented his theory of wise political
action. When party necessities carried men
beyond this ho was a cool, reluctant, if not
supporter. It has been said, and 1
belie've with entire truth, that it was due to the
direct action and influence of Mr. Covode
that Mr.. President Lincoln was led, against the
advice of some of the most prominent of his
supporters, to issue the order directing the im-
mediate and unreserved exchange of prisoners
of war during the latter period of the great
rebellion. If this be true, no man can present
a more honorable claim to the respect of the
people, without reference to political opinions
or partisan relations. This view of his char-
acter is strengthened by the fact that he never
failed or faltered in support of those measures
which were deemed necessary to protect and
preserve the Government and to secure and
perpetuate the liberties of all its people.
Though we lament his death, we cannot be
unconscious that our loss is his gain. He
exchanges one life for another. It is not an-
nihilation, but ascension that he has reached.
He will suffer no longer the disappointment
which attends the expectation and the effort to
make the world virtuous by statute legislation
or despotic administration. He has passed
beyond this, to a higher wisdom and holier
existegce. He is done with the vanities of
life, with all its—
" Reveries so airy, with the toil.
Of dropping buckets into empty wells".
And growing old in drawing nothing up."
The death of Mr. Covode is oue of the many
events which impart to all men an unaccus-
tomed feeling of insecurity. Death produces
death and calamity begets calamity. The ter-
rible afflictions which within a few years have
passed over the face of the earth, crushing
empires and States as well as individuals, more
than ever should lead us to recognize our
dependence upon the beneficent will of the
Creator of the world! It should teach us as
well that permanent success follows only justice
and truth; that there is but one Spirit to which
the world should be subjected—
*'0ne Spirit, His
"Who bore the platted thorns with bleeding brows.
Must rule universal nature."
Mr. MERQTJR. Mr. Speaker, I feel unwill-
ing to suffer this occasion to pass without
briefly adding my tribute to a departed friend.
John Covode's life was a striking illustra-
tion of the success which will crown the works
of an earnest and laborious man. Deprived
in his youth of the advantages of a liberal
education, he felt the greater need of literally
working his wq.y to enable him to rise to emi-
nence and to fortune. This he determined to
do. Strong physical powers, clear practical
mind, and indomitable will all united' in im-
pelling him onward and upward. His was a
mind that was not contented to occupy any
uncertain position. No so-called "conserva-
tive'' doctrines ever deterred him from pur-
suing the right, as he saw it. Sprung from
liberty-loving ancestors, he retained all their
notions of freedom, but grafted thereon a
greater love, begotten by the spirit of this pro-
gressive age. His opinions once carefully
formed, no timidity characterized their expres-
sion. . He followed his convictions to their
logical eonsequences. Men who united their
political fortunes with his felt a confidence
that he would continue as he began, and not
turn aside and leave them without a standard
bearer to lead them.
Neither his accumulated wealth nor his prom-
inent position in the eye of the nation ever
estranged him from his early and less fortunate
associates. Dwelling in the small but beauti-
ful and retired valley of the Ligonier, in his
native county of Westmoreland, he never
appeared to desire a home elsewhere. The
rugged hills which surrounded his residence
seemed to give strength to his judgment and
freedom to his speech.'
When, iu obedience, to a resolution of this
House, I stood beside his coffin, and hundreds
ot his neighbors and friends passed before it,
I saw umnistukaljlc evidence of the esteem
and affection wliich they had borne toward
him. With pride they had viewed his eleva-
tion and success in life. They shared in his
reputation; his honor was their honor. No
jealousies had separated them. He had ever
returned to them the same social, kind, and
unassuming friend. His was a nature to mourn
with them when they mourned, and to rejoice
with them when they rejoiced. A true type
of our republican institutions, he never for a
moment lost sight of that great cardinal doc-
trine that ours is "a Government of the peo-
ple, for the people, and by the people."
Suddenly stricken down in the midst of his
active life, this House has lost one of its most
faithful members, the nation one of its watch-
ful legislators, the State of Pennsylvania one
of its best known and most enterprising citi-
zens, and his family a kind and indulgent
husband and father.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I feel that
I ought not to allow this occasion to pass with-
out adding a few words.
Very few persons on this side of the House,
outside of his own State, have perhaps known
the deceased as long and as well as I have.
When, in December, 1857, 1 first entered this
House as one of its members I found him here
as one of the Representatives from Pennsyl-
vania, and I soon afterward made his acquaint-
ance. He was then, I think, serving on his
second4 term. He was one ot' the very few I
then met who are now members of either of
the two Houses of Congress. Although neither
of us have been since continuously members
of this body, yet it has so happened that this
makes the fourth Congress, I believe, in which
we have served simultaneously.
Soon after thus first meeting him we were
thrown together on some tedious and rather
important committee work, which required
almost daily meetings for many weeks, and
which brought us into frequent and unre-
served personal association. That association
ripened into a rather intimate personal ac-
quaintance, and from that time to the day of
our last meeting we always met rather as old
neighbors and familiar friends are accustomed
to meet than as new-made acquaintances, rep-
resenting different and distant States. And
however much we may have differed in our
political views and party associations, noth-
ing of a personally unpleasant character ever
occurred between us.
I have seldom since met him that he did not
have some cheerful word to impart or some-
thing quaint and amusing to communicate. Of
course it was not in the nature of things that I
should learn to know him. here as his friends
and neighbors at home knew him. I can only
sp^ak of him as he impressed himself upon me
from time to time as i saw him here. He was
evidently a gentleman of well-marked traits of
character. He had shrewdness and energy in
an eminent degree. He, too, was self- possessed
and self-reliant. These qualities all combined
made him at once a valuable friend and a dan-
gerous antagonist. He impressed me, too, as
a man of a remarkably good memory, with a
great aptitude for details in all the practical
affairs of life. His cast of mind, too, was emi-
nently practical. He had no taste for mere
theories. With him the greatquestion seemed
to be what was it best to do under the circum-
stances by which he was surrounded, and when
that was solved he hesitated no longer. There
are some phases of political life, too, to which
he seemed peculiarly adapted. He was espe-
cially obseivant as to the political maneuver-
mgs of the politicians of ail parties. In such
matters he was usually remarkably well in-
formed. _ To him I have often been indebted
for iny first information as to current political
events wlr.ch were not yet publicly known,
I will not, however, Mr. Speaker, attempt
an analysis of the character of the deceased,
nor will 1 dwell upon any of the incidents of
his official life. These have already been suffi-
ciently given by others. Sir, it wag the
