1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Iff
other day—perhaps not a week before his |
death—that on ray way to the Capitol I fell in !
with liim on the Avenue, and we came on the
rest of the way together. In our rather de-
sultory conversation which ensued I referred
to the fact that he would not be with us in the
ne?t Congress, and inquired of him how he
l^lt ftbout returning to private life again. He
responded with seeming cheerfulness, that he
was quite willing to quit Congress for a while,
and possibly forever. Referring to his age, he
said it was getting time he would settle down
a little more quietly than he had been for many
years p§st. "But," said he, "I have plenty I
to do at home in looking after my business;
besides, political matters have not been going
right for some time in Pennsylvania, and I will
then have more time to help straighten things
up there." Continuing, he further remarked:
" I am good for several years' Bard work yet,
and I am not going to giye up politics entirely
if I do quit Congress."
He was then, Mr. Speaker, apparently as
full of life and of plans for the future as any
of us here to-day, and as totally unconscious
thftt the relentless hand of death was already
stretched out to receive him. You can judge
then of my surprise, sir, of the shock which
it imparted, when on the wings of the light-
ping the news came to us of his death only a
i^w days later. Xo man of all my acquaint-
ances seemed to have a fairer hold on life for
a few years to come than he. Yet without a
note of warning he has been stricken down.
Prom the dijst fee came, and to the earth he
has returned. As but yesterday he was a part
of that living, breathing, moving, restless en-
ergy we call human life ; to-day all that remain
of him to us is as cold, as inert, and as life-
less as the clay in which he rests.
What a fearful admonition of the uncertainty
of human life ! How thin the drapery which
separates us from eternity! And yet we go
on planning, scheming, projecting, as if we
iiE|d a perpetual lease of life, as if the " eternal
years of Gpd" yere ours.
51 r. Speaker, a strong man has fallen,
another chair is vacant in this Hall, another
familiar face has disappeared from among
us forever. An(J we, his survivors, can but
bow in reverence to that divine will which
has thus decreed the time and manner of his
death. I also concur in seconding the resolu-
tions which have been offered.
Mr. MAYNARD. The request by the friends
of the deceased to take a part in these obituary
ceremonies cannot be denied. It is the com-
mon desire of lis all, when in the hour of
bereavement we appeal to our fellow-men,
be they strangers or friends, in the language
of the patriarch, to help us bury our dead out
of our sight, and must not be unheeded. The
feeling is as old as death and as wide as
humanity. All unite with one accord in grant-
ing immunity to the grave. The forms of the
departed are gently laid away; their memory
is tenderly cherished. No man of sensibility
will vex the sepulcher: and the injunction to
speak well of the dead or not at all is a precept
which antedates Christianity. Here all rival-
ries cease, all resentments are extinguished,
all contentions are hushed. The brotherhood
of mortality meet at the common gateway,
wide and ever open, through which all, soon
or late, are destined to pass. Thither our
bewildered footsteps, be they swift or be they
slow, are constantly tending. The soul is
awed in the presence of its appointed doom-.
In tempore sum, de tempore loqxior. at nescio
quid sit tempus, is the confession of St. Au-
gustine! uud he might have made it, in phrase
slightly 'changed, of the kindred mysteries,
life, death, and eternity, ae welt as of time.
Time is so identified with life, and death with
eternity, that in speaking of the dead we un-
consciously transcend the rules of judgment
applied to the living, and, passing by the in-
ffmiJlgs Jncjdffit to the present sphere, dwell
with satisfaction and comfort upon the more
solid and enduring qualities which seem appro-
priate to the other.
It is now almost fourteen years since I first
met the deceased as a member of this House.
Though not at that time politically associated,
our relations from the first were kind, soon
friendly, never intimate. At that day he was
one of the most active and zealous, and I think
the most effective, opponents of Mr. Buchan-
an's administration from his own State. Not
a man of education or culture, as these terms
are usually understood, nor yet an orator,
according to the canons of the schools, he was
what neither oratory nor culture nor educa-
tion can make; he was a worker, tireless and
fearless. He had no confidence in the Admin-
istration, and believed it to be very corrupt,
and therefore moved in the House for a com-
mittee to investigate its action. _ The results
were embodied in an elaborate report, accom-
panied by voluminous testimony, which pro-
duced a deep and painful impression upon the
public mind. Justice, I am inclined to think,
both to him and to Mr. Buchanan, would
require the revision of the report by the light
of subsequent events. The Administration
was so complicated with the incipient rebel-
lion, the same characters being conspicuous in
both, Cabinet officers and rebel leaders, that
it requires great discrimination to decide for
what of its acts it was responsible and as to
what it was merely unfortunate. The time has
not yet arrived, and if it had this is not the
occasion, to pursue the inquiry. And the sug-
gestion is thrown out merely for the purpose
of the further remark that had Mr. Coyode
lived no one would have been more ready
than he to correct any injustice into which he
might have been unwittingly betrayed. Of con-
scious injustice, of intended wrong, however
bitter the provocation, I think he was inca-
pable.
During the war, even wkiie not in public
life, he gave to the Government an earnest and
efficient support. Like so many others of the
prominent men of that day, he offered his own
son a sacrifice upon the altar of the country;
and we have all seen his eyes grow dim with
natural |ears when recalling the memory of
the gallant boy. He became satisfied very
early in the contest that we were virtually re-
sisting the power of Great Britain, and antici-
pated an open declaration of hostilities with
that Government. Though pained beyond
measure to find an enemy wuere he thought we
had a right to expect a frieud, he did not hes-
itate about accepting the issue—doubtful and
destructive as it certainly appeared. He was
ready to stake all he had upon it and to abide
the fate of his country. As might be sup-
posed, he sympathized actively with the sol-
diers in the field ; often visiting them in camp
and using great diligence in providing for their
wants, and in correcting the many irregular-
ities incident to the volunteer service, espe-
cially in the earlier years, before either officers
or men had become trained to the art of war
and inured to its hardships.
His subsequent public career is too recent
and too familiar for detail. Certaincardinal
principles of action have regulated his coarse
in our legislation. He believed that the issues
of the war should be finally settled so as not to
be reopened for the annoyance and consterna-
tion of future times; that the settlementshould
be confirmed bj fair and reasonable guarantees;
that the colored race, emancipated during the
witr, and as a war measure, should have their
freedom secured beyond pet-adventure as a
real, substantial boon, and not as an illusory
thing; and, in short, that no man of any race
or residence should ever have just cause for
regret that he had actively espoused the cause
of the Uin&n,
His politics were peculiarly of the old Whig
school. The doctrines embodied with special
clearness by Mr. Clay, in what he denominated
the American system, as opposed to the British
system, he deemed identified with the highest
development and the largest prosperity of this
continent. Nor was he a mere theorist,- For
many years I have understood he was actively
engaged in different branches of productive
industry, aud with marked success. His record
upon all questions connected with the material
interests of the people will be found in accord-
ance with these views.
I have intimated that he was not a scholar.
As implying a knowledge of books, beyond the
Book of books, of which he was a diligent st.ii-
dent aud a firm believer, the remark is just.
But in a wider and larger sense he Fas hat
untaught. He had a fair knowledge of men
and of things. Few could more wisely decide
the ends to be accomplished or more judi-
ciously select the means for their accomplish-
ment.
What need that I add a single word touch-
ing the character of this self-poised and ^elf-
reliant man? For us who knew him, none.
His kind and genial humor, his unfailing good
nature, his relish for merriment, and his almost
boyish fondness for the joyous and playful,
endeared him to us all as a friend to be loved
and an opponent not to be hated. And when
the tidings came so sudden, so shockiug to us
who but the day before had greeted him in
the House, that without warning he had been
stricken down, each felt that his own circle
had been invaded and one of its roost agree-
able members taken away.
His domestic relations, I have reason to say,
were unusually affectionate and tender; and
the resolution of condolence with the bereaved
family, customary on similar occasions, will
in this instance carry a peculiar significance.
His moral character, as distinguished from
his social and domestic character, has been
summed up by the popular voice in the single
epithet, "Honest Johx Covobe." Such con-
temporary estimates of character are seldom
wrong and rarely reversed. And I leel sure of
being sustained in ascribing to him the attri-
butes of one of the beat-drawn characters-of
antiquity:
" v;hea the ear heard me, then it "blessed me; ami
when the eye saw me, it gave witness to me r Because
I delivered the poor that eried, and the fatherless,
and him that had cone to help him. The Messing
of him that was ready to perish came upon me: and
I caused the widow's heart to sing for joy. I was
eyes to the blind, and feet was I to the lame. I was
a fatherto the poor: aud the eausewhieh I knew not
I searched out. And I brake tbe jaws of the wicked,
and plucked the spoil out of his teeth. Unto me men
gave ear, and waited, and kept silence at my coun-
sel. After mj words, they spake not again.''
Mr. GETZ. Mr. Speaker, " I come to bury
Cassar, not to praise him." To speak truth
of the dead, though an ungracious duty, is
honester far than to pronounce the fulsome
eulogy .which makes an immaculate saint of
him who while he lived frankly confessed him-
self a sinner. As a party man, Mr. Coyode was
extreme, uncompromisiug,and, his opponents
thought, unscrupulous. With him politics
meant warfare, and he that was not with him
was against him, and dealt with as an enemy to
whom no quarter was to be granted. I knew him
long in the political affairs of our State, and
so radically did we differ upon all the questions
thathave divided parties during the past twenty
years that 1 cannot remember a single instance
in which we were in accord. It was only when
I became associated with him in Congress
that my personal acquaintance with him com-
menced, and that the opportunity was afforded
me of learning that he whom I had aljvays
looked upon as an implacable political adver-
sary possessed traits of character that made
him susceptible to the warmest personal frieud -
ship.
Of his public career the colleagues who
acted with him have spoken, and with com-
mendation. Of his private life as a man and
a citizen I feel free to say a few words, because
I can say them in honor to his memory. With no
advantages of early education, aud with none
pf .the ^dven'tiiious aids to advancement that
