1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1209
the Chair rules upon the point of order, I
desire to ask leave to go back to the preceding
paragraph, and move to insert after the word
"title,'' in line sixty one, the words "in fee-
simple." I wish to offer the amendment for
the reason that many of these purchases of
sites for public buildings are made, and then
when the Government comes to sell them they
fine] that there is a cloud on the title.
Mr. ITAIGHT. I have no objection to that
amendment.
By unanimous consent the amendment was
entertained and agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Wklker] makes a point of order upon
the appropriation for St. Louis. The case is
a peculiar one. In the last Congress, as the
Chair is advised, and he has himself looked at
the law, an appropriation was made for a post
office at St Louis, and some peculiar construc-
tion was made in regard to the lot, which it is
required now to change. But Congress hav-
ing undertaken the work and appropriated
$300,000 for this object, the Chair would, under
every construction of the rule, be compelled to
say that this is in order, because it is in con-
tinuation of a work which Congress has voted
to prosecute. Tne Chair overrules the point
of order.
Mr. WELLS. I move to amend the para-
graph in relation to the St. Louis post office by
adding to it the following:
And for the erection of said building any unex-
pended balances whioh would otherwise be covered
into the Treasury under existing law.
I presume the Committee on Appropriations
have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLEli, of Massachusetts. I move
further to amend the paragraph by inserting
after the word "that," in line seventy-one,
the words "a title in fee-simple to so that
it will read :
Provided, That atitlein fee-simpletosaid lot shall
he purchased by the Secretary of theTreasury within
nine months from and after the approval e-f this
act, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of
the paragraph just disposed of:
For post office, court-house, and custom-house at
Memphis, Tennessee $1011,000, the en.tire cost of the
building not to exceed the sum of &285.000.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I would like
to know npon what ground.
The SPEAKER. It. is similar to the case
of a building in North Carolina, on which the
Chair ruled awhile ago, where a lot had been
purchased thirteen or fourteen years ago.
That would not bring it within the rule as a
continuous work.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has the Speaker already
ruled that where a law is passed for the con-
struction of such a work, and the work has
been commenced by the purchase of a lot
for it, Congress may not make an additional
appreciation without infringing our rules ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that
where Congress authorizes the purchase of a
lot for a public building, and theri for a long
period of years, as in this particular case,
makes no appropriation, it would not do to
base an appropriation on that as being in con-
tinuation of a public work. It would not do
to lap over in that way, because Congress had
some reason for the abandonment of the work.
Mr. MAYNARD. My attention had not
been called to the ruling of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so ruled in the
North Carolina case, and it has been the uni-
form ruling of the House. It is not peculiar
to the present occupant of the chair.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move to sus-
pend the rules, so that my amendment may be
in order.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
41, noes 36 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Smith, of
Tennessee, and Mr. Wei.eer were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 79, noes 47.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. PAINE, of Georgia. I move to suspend
the rules, so as to enable me to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
For the erection of a Government building at
Brunswick, Georgia, upon plans which will insure
its completion for the sum of $100,000, the half of
■which suin is hereby appropriated, $50,000; the said
building to be erected and used as a custom-house.
The question was put; and there were forty-
four in the affirmative.
Mr. DAWES. I wish thegentleman would
not press this amendment. Neither the Sec-
retary of the Treasury nor the supervising
architect, nor anybody else, has submitted to
the House any estimate for this work, or any
indication that the public necessities require it.
Mr. PAINE, of Georgia. The State was not
in the Union at the time, but I will not call
for a further division.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
The Clerk read as follows:
To erect a Government building on the vacant
half of the cu&tom-house lot at San Francisco, for
Government offices and appraisers' snores, according
to the specifications prepared therefor at the Treas-
ury Department, the whole cost in no event to ex-
ceed $421,600, the sum of §212,300 is hereby appro-
priated.
Mr. BURCHARD. I raise the same point
of order on this paragraph that has been raised
on other similar paragraphs in this bill.
Mr. SARGENT. We are now paying
$08,000 a year rent in San Francisco. This
lot is in the business part of the city, and is
covered with shanties, (except the building
occupied as a custom-house,) which are ten-
anted by rats only. The Secretary of the
Treasury is extremely anxious to have this
building erected, and specifications and esti-
mates have been prepared for that purpose. I
do not think any gentleman who was out in
San Francisco last year, and who saw what a
nuisance this is as it now is, would .say that
this building ought not to be built. If the
point of order is insisted upon, as I trust it
will not be, on account of the enormous rent
we are now paying there, I will move a sus-
pension of the rules, so that this paragraph
may be regarded in order.
Mr. BURCHARD. In answer to the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Sargent] I will
say that I think this is not the time to com-
mence an appropriation of two and a half or
three million dollars for new works.
Mr. SARGENT. It is limited to $400,000.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to suspend the
rules so that this paragraph may now be con-
sidered in order.
The question was taken upon the motion to
suspend the rules ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 84, noes 48 ; two thirds not voting
in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SARGENT called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Burchard
and Mr. Axtbll were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes_ 96, noes 34;
two thirds voting in the affirmative.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. WILLARD called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays: and there were—ayes 22, noes 8G.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 121, nays 53, not voting GO; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Armstrong. Axtell,
Ayer, Barnuin, Barry, 33eacQan, Beck, Bennett*
Bethune,Biggs,Bingham, Bird,Boles, Booker.George
M.Brooks, James Brooks,Buck, Buckley. Buffinton,
Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin, Churchill. William T.
Clark, Sidney Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn,
Conger. Conner, Cobles, Dawes, Dickey, Dox. Dukfe,
Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher,FitchjGarfield, Uriswold,
Haight, Hale. Hamill, Harris, Hawley, Heflin, Hoge,
Holmes, Jenckes. Johnson, Thomas L.Jones, Kelley,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr, Lafhn<Lasb,Lawrence.Lewis,
Lynch, Manning, Marshall,Maybam.Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McKee, McKenzie, Milnes, William Moorfe,
Morgan, Daniel J. MorrelUMunsren, Myers, Negley,
Kiblack, O'Neill, Halbert E. Paine, William W.
Paine, Pnlmer, Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Price, Prosser, Rainey, Randall,
Roots, Sauford, Sargent, Sawyer. Schumaker. Lionel
A. Sheldon, Shober, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith. Starkweather,Stevenson, Stokes, Strader,
Strickland, Strong, Swann, Sypber, Towns£nd, Trim-
ble, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Wallace,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wells, Whitmore, Wil-
liams. Eugene M. Wilson, and Young—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arnell, Asper,
Bailey,Beatty.Benton.Biair.Burchard, Burr, Cessna,
AmasaCobb, Cook.Cullora, Darrall, Dickinson, Don-
Icy, Duval, Eldridge, Farnswortb, Getz. Haldeoaan,
llawkins, Hay, Holtnan, Hotchkiss, Jodd, Ketcham,
Long, Loughndge,McCrary,McGrew, Jesse Ur.Moore,
Morphia, Orth, Packard, Packer, Pomeroy, John A.
Smith, Stevens, Stiles, Tnffe, Tanner, Taylor, ton
Auken, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, William B.
Washburn, Welker, WiUard, John T. Wilson, and
Wolf—53.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Atwood, B&nks,
Benjamin, Bowen, Boyd, Bardett, Roderick R. But-
ler, Cake, Cleveland, Corker, Cox, Crebs, Degener,
Joseph Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon, Dock cry, Dyer,
I5fa, Ferriss, Fox, Gibson, (xilfillan, Hambleton,
Hamilton, Hays, Hill, Honr, Hooper, Ingersoll,Alex-
ander H. Jcmes, Julian, Knapp. Knott, Logan, Mc-
Cormick, McNeely, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore,
Morey, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Newsham,
Potter, Reeves, Rice.Rogers. Seofield, Shanks, Porter
Sheldon, Sherrod, Sfoeum, William J. Muith, Stone,
Stoughton, Sweeney, Tillman, Voorhees, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Wilkinson, Wmans, Winchester, Witcher,
Wood, and Woodward—66.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the erection of a building for the Bureau of
Engraving and Printing of the Treasury Depart-
ment, to be located near said Department buildings,
and built upon plans which shall insure its comple-
tion for the sum hereby appropriated, $200,000.
Mr. CULLQM. I raise the point of order
on this clause.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire to say a word
about that.
The SPEAKER. It is ruled out of order.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask the Clerk to read
what I send to his desk. It is the law author-
izing this appropriation.
The Clerk read as follows:
"An act making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of t he Government for the year ending
June 30,1867, and for other purposes."
# * * * * *
" For the purpose of erecting on the public land
adjacent to the Treasury Department a fire-proof
brick building to afford additional room for the Treas-
ury Department, $200,000: Provided, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he hereby is, author-
ized to remove and sell at auction or otherwise any
porrion of the presses, machinery, and apparatus
employed in the Treasury buildings, which, from
the diminution of the volume of business or other-
wise, he may from time to time find to be no longer
required."
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see
how that should change his ruling.
Mi-. LAWRENCE. This appropriation is
simply to carry out the law which has just been
read.
The SPEAKER. That seems to have been
an appropriation which the Department for
some reason has abandoned and not used.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to sus-
pend the rules in order that this paragraph may
be considered as in order.
The question was taken; and the rules were
not suspended—ayes thirty-seven, noes not
counted.
Mr. YOUNG. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, so as to insert the following paragraph ;
For the erection of a Government building for a
United States court-room, post office, and revenue
offices at Atlanta, Georgia, upon P^ns yjhicti will
insure its completion for the sum °f tlle
bait of which is hereby appropriated, So0,000.
On agreeing to the motion there were—ayes
thirty-one, noes not counted.
