1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1711
was passed authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to sell or exchange the site of the
building, that a more suitable location might
lie obtained, which has been done in pursuance
of that resolution. I submit that, the point of
order cannot be made on this paragraph.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will send
the law to the Chair, he will judge of it.
Mr. PHOSSER. I will do so.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
law.
The Clerk read as follows:
Joint resolution to soil or exchange the site of cus-
tom-house in the city of Nashville, Tennessee, that
a more suitable location may be obtained.
]j€ it i evolved by the Senate and House of Jtvpresenta-
tive? of the United States of America in Conyrew axsem-
bled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized, in his discretion, to sell at public auc-
tion, to the highest and best bidder therefor, the
present site for a custom-house in the city of Nash-
ville, Tennessee, or to exchange the same for a new
and more eligible site, as directed in the following
section.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolvtd, That out of the
proceeds of the said sale, or by such exchange, the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized anddireeted
to purchase or procure a new and more eligible site
for a custom-house in the said city of Nashville:
Provided, That the cost ot the new site shall in no
event exceed the amount of the proceeds from the
sale or exchange of the present site.
Approved, .February 24,1870.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The appropriation is in order.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
as follows:
For the erection of a Government building atGrand
Kapids, Michigan, upon plans which will insure its
completion, together with the sum allowed for the
purchase ot site ($5,000) at a total cost of $150,000, the
half of which is hereby appropriated, §75,000.
Mr. BCJTLEIi, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend by inserting after the word "site" the
words the title in fee-simple to which shall
be vested in the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I make the point of
order on that paragraph.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. Speaker, I call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that last year,
under a resolution of the House ca.lling upon
the Secretary of the Treasury for information
upon the necessities and places for Govern-
ment buildings, the one I am urging at the city
of Grand Rapids, Michigan, was the second in
importance in the judgment of the Secretary,
in the list of buildings he submitted in response
to that resolution. In a recent communication
from the Secretary he reaffirms what he then
substantially stated, by formally renewing his
recommendation for this building. It is for
the uses of a United States court and offices,
pension and internal revenue offices, and post
oliice for a city of seventeen thousand inhabit-
ants. and the second in point of population in
the State. With five railroads entering the
city, the rapid increase of its population, as
shown by the last census, shows its rapid
growth and its future prominence among the
thriving cities of the West.
In support of this, I may state that under
(he State census of 1864 its population was
8.770, and under the present national census
10,507 ; an increase of 7,737. The increase
in the State in that time was forty-seven per
cent ; that of the city of Detroit—the first in
population in the Slate—was filty per cent.,
and, as seen by the figures I have given, the
increase has been for the city of Grand Rapids
ninety per cent. The population ol the State
as given by the present census is 1,191,461,
and but two Government buildings stand in
the State, and one being a marine hospital
should not be chargeable to Michigan alone,
but to all States interested in the commerce of j
the lakes; so that justly the Slate has but or.e
building, at a cost of $214,000. Comparing
this with the New England States, which have j
thirty-two buildings at an aggregate cost of
over six millions, Michigan with her two build-
ings at their cost of $320,000 is an expenditure
of but five per cent, upon what has been done
for New England. Give us the appropriations
asked for the buildings at Grand Rapids and
Port Huron, and the percentage would be but
ten per cent, upon the expenditure for the
New England States.
I would like to exhibit further the dispropor-
tion with other States of the Union, but 1 am
reminded by the rising of the gentleman from
Ohio that he intends to make the point of order
that this structure has not been authorized by
law and debate will not be in order. I desire,
however, to state another deserving fact: that
under the estimates of the current year Michi-
gan will pay into the Treasury over two million
dollars internal revenue, while the whole of
New England pays but little over six millions.
On this basis Michigan would be entitled to
ten -buildings against the thirty-two in those
States.
I regret, Mr. Speaker, that the point of order
now making cuts me from further debate, for
I would be glad to state other facts bearing
upon the claims and necessities for the build-
ing I am advocating. It is needed, and but
just. I therefore appeal to the House to do
justice to a case so meritorious as this of Grand
Rapids. If the point of order is insisted upon
I shall have to move to suspend the rules.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Is.the motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. FERRif. I move that the rules be sus-
pended that the paragraph may be considered
in order.
The question was taken on suspending the
rules ; and there were—ayes 75, noes 36 ; no
quorum voting.
Mr. AMBLER called for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. No quorum has voted,
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ambler]
asks for the yeas and nays. If the yeas and
nays are refused, the Chair will decide in regard
to the pending motion that the ayes have it.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes twenty-one ; not one fifth of the last vote.
Mr. STEVENSON. I" demand tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered ; and
the motion to suspend the rules was agreed to.
Mr. BOOKER. I offer the following to go
in as an additional section after liue one hun-
dred and eleven:
For the erection of a Government building in the
town of Danville, Virginia, which shall be built of
brick, and upon plans which will insure its com-
pletion, the sum of $50,000, $15,000 of which is hereby
appropriated. The said building when completed
to bo used for a post office in said town, and for the
sessions of the United States district court for the
western district of Virginia, and including clerk's
and marshal's offices: Provided, That no money
hereby appropriated shall be used tor the purpose
mentioned until a valid title in fee-simple to the
land for the site of such building shall be vested in
the United States, and until the State shall duly
relinquish to the United States the right totaxsaid
site or the property of the United States thereon.
Mr. BURCHARD. I raise the point of
order on that amendment.
Mr. BOOKER. I move to suspend the
rules.
• The question was taken on the motion to
suspend the rules; and there were—ayes 25,
noes 52; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered tell-
ers ; and Mr. Booker and Mr. Kelsey were
appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 81, noes 45.
Mr. BOOKER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. DAWES. There is not the slightest
recommendation for this from any quarter.
Mr. BOOKER called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, only eighteen
members voting therefor.
The yeas and nays'were refused, only seven-
teen members voting therefor.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
The C.lerk read as follows :
For the erection of a Government building at Port
Huron Michigan, upon plans which will insure its
completion for the sum of $200,000, the half of which
is hereby appropriated, $lu0,000.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I make the point of
order oh that paragraph.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. CONGER. I move to suspend the
rules, that it may be in order.
Mr. DAWES. The committee thought this
more meritorious than almost any other work.
The question was put on Mr. Conger's
motion ; and ihere were—ayes 95, noes 29.
Mr. BURCHARD called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. AMBLER asked for tellers qji the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, only fourteen
members voting therefor.
The yeas and nays were refused, only sev-
enteen members voting therefor.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the paragraph was
admitted.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
to print in the Globe some statistics in rela-
tion to this appropriation.
There was no objection ; and leave was
granted. [See Appendix.]
Mr. DAWES, I move to amend the para-
graph by inserting after the word "dollars,"
in line one hundred and sixteen, the follow-
ing :
Provided, That not more than $25,000 shall be paid
for a site tor said building.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following amendment:
For the erection of a building for the Bureau of
Engraving and Printing ot the Treasury Depart-
ment, to be located near said Department buildings,
and built upon plans which shall insure its comple-
tion for the sum hereby appropriated, $190,000.
Mr. CULLOM. I make the point of order
on that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended so as to admit
the amendment.
The question was put; and there were ayes
twenty-live, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. ELA. I desire to offer the following
amendment, and if there is objection to it after
a statement, I will withdraw it, and not ask a
suspension of the rules:
For tlie erection of a Government building at
Exeter, New Hampshire, upon plans that will secure
its completion for $100,000, the half of which is here-
by appropriated, $50,000.
Mr. DAWES. There is no estimate or
recommendation for that. I make the point
of order.
Mr. ELA. The Government has to pay $200
a year for rent at-this place, and I think that
ought to be saved. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The point of order is sus-
tai n ed.
Mr. MANNING. I move that the rules be
suspended for the purpose of admitting the
following amendment:
For the erection of a Government building at Ral-
eigh, North Caiolina, upon the site now owned by
the United State*, which shall be built of brick, and
upon plans which will insure its completion for the
sum ol $100,000, the halt ot which is hereby appro-
priated, $50,000.
Mr. DAWES. There is no estimate for that.
I make the point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman asks for
a suspension of the rules.
Mr. MANNING. I call for tellers on ray
motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was put; and (two thirds not
voting ill favor thereof) the rules were not
suspended.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
For the erection of a Government building at La
