1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
KHCOllD-BOOKS FOIl RECORDER OF DEEDS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting esti-
mate of appropriation for books of record for
the office of recorder of deeds for the Dis-
trict of Columbia ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
LIGHT-HOUSE RESI5RVI3, PORT HURON.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in reply to a
resolution adopted December 8, 1870, request-
ing him to inform the House whether any por-
tion of the light-house reserve at Port Huron,
Michigan, can be sold without detriment to the
public service, and ir any, how much and what
portion of said reserve can thus be disposed of;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
EXPENSES OF INDIAN DKLEG AT TONS.
The SPEAKER, also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, submitting a draft
of a joint resolution to enable his Department
to use subsequent to January 1, 1871, the bal-
ance of appropriation for defraying expenses of
Indian delegations to Washington ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
CLAIM OF CHOCTAW IXDIAXS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid befoie the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a copy
of an opinion given by the Attorney General of
the United States upon the claim of the Choctaw
Indians to the issue of United States bonds to
the amount of $250,000; whieu was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
KOliT WILKINS MILITARY RESERVATION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to the transfer of the
Fort Wilkins military reservation, Michigan,
to the custody of the General Land Office, for
the purpose of disposing of the same by sale
or otherwise; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
NEW JAIL OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolution
of the House of December 1(3, 1870, transmit-
ting a statement of the vouchers for disburse-
ments on account of the new jail for the District
of Columbia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
MISSOURI RIVER AND PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolution
ot the House of December 6, 1870, in relation
to the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean ;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
DETECTION OF COUNTERFEITERS.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following resolution for con-
sideration at this time:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo,
and be is hereby, directed to report to this House, at
as early a day as practicable, a lull and detailed state-
ment of the expenses and the amount of monoy paid
out of the Treasury for the detection, arrest, and trial
of pei>ons engascdin counterieuii!<? the bills, bonds,
notes, and fractional currency ol the ILniud Stales,
from the 4th day of March, 18G0. up to the date of the
statement so to be made as moie-'akl; and ats«> a
similar statement as to persons enpgnl iu thu viola-
tion of the revenue laws oi the Tjnitui. States, irom
the 4th day of March, 1869, up to the tmie aiorc.-aid;
and that he state the number of persons arrested
and tried, when and where tried, the number ol con-
victions and acquittals of such persons; and also a
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 18.
detailed statement of the amount of attorney and
counsel fees ahlowed and paid for the same in each
ease, and to whom paid, as well as an itemized state-
ment of the legal costs, mileage, traveling expenses,
compensation to detectives, and other persons,
1 whether Inderal officers or otherwise, and all other
| expenses .mil charges paid hy the Government of the
United States in the prosecution of said business, for
j and during the time aforesaid.
! Mr. IvELSEY. That information is already
in oar possession. 1 object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the regu-
lar order.
AMNESTY.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been demanded, the House will resume the con-
sideratiofi of the unfinished business of yester-
day, being House bill No. 2523, for fall and
general grace, amnesty, and oblivion of all
wrongful acts, doings, or omissions of all per-
sons engaged in the war of the late rebellion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
the assent of the House to a proposition I am
about to make with regard to the disposition of
the pending business. There are a great many
gentlemen who have gone home in the expect-
ation that a vote would not be taken until after
the recess, which commences from to-morrow.
Mr. FAIINSWORTH. I demand the regu-
lar order.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butlek] is entitled to forty-five
minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Was not the previous
question ordered?
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
seconded and the main question ordered, after
which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] was entitled to an hour, of which he
yielded fifteen minutes to other gentlemen.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then his time now
commences.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not require
to be reminded of that fact by the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desired to know
that fact, and not to remind the Speaker.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I was sim-
ply suggesting to the House—and I supposed
with the assent of every gentleman of the
House—that I desired, in accordance with cer-
tain promises which had been made, and a cer-
tain understanding under which gentlemen had
gone home, especially southern gentlemen who
live a good way oft' and wanted to get home by
Christmas, that this pending business, which
will be a vote upon the amendments and a dis-
position of the bill, may b8 postponed until
after the holidays. And I would name as the
day to which it should be postponed the sec-
ond Wednesday after the holidays, in order
that the Committee on Appropriations may get
through some bills and have them sent to tho
Senate, without being interfered with by this
matter. I trust there will be no objection to
the proposition.
The SPEAKER. Pending the operation of
the previous question the Chair cannot enter-
tain a motion to postpone without unanimous
consent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object, and demand
tho regular order.
The SPEAKER. There is only one mode
of reaching the gentleman's object under the
rules. The previous question has been sec-
onded and the main question ordered to be
put, but the order has been only in part
executed, and so long as it has been only
in part executed it is liable under the rules to
a motion to reconsider.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. For the
purpose I have indicated, I move to reconsider
the vote ordering the main question.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
G8, noes 61.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Bingham, and
Mr. Butleu of Massachusetts were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes G9, noes 01.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 71, not voting
•59 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Asper, Atwood, Bailey, Beam an, JJeatty, Ben-
jamin, Bennett. Benton, George M. Brooks, Buffin-
ton, Burchard. Burdett. Benjamin F.Butler. Rod-
erick R. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark,
Siduey Clarke.AmasaCobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn,
Conger, Cook, Cowlcs, Cullom, Dawes, Degcuer,
Dickey, Joseph Dixon, Donley, Duval, 131a, Ferriss,
lerry, 1' is her, Gillillan, Hale, Hamilton, Harris,
Hawkins, JIawley, Hay. Ilogc, Holmes, Hooper,
Alexander II. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kel<ey,
Iveteham, Knapp, Lawrence, Loughridge, Mavnard,
McCrary, McGrew, Eliakim H. Moore, William
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Keg-
ley, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Palmer, Peck, Phelps,
Pomeroy, I'orter, Prosser, Kainey, Roots, Sanlord,
Sawyer, Seofield, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, John A.
Smith, 'William J. Sinitli, Worthington C. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stough-
ton, Strong, Tuffe, Tanner, Townscnd, Twichell,
Tyner, Upson, Wallace, Cadwalnder C. Washburn,
Welker, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Williams. John
Wilson, and Wolf—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Ayer, Barnum,
Barry, Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Booker. Boyd, Buck-
ley, Burr, Cleveland, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Doolc-
cry, Dox, Duke,Bldridge, Farnswortb.Finkelnburg,
Fitch, Gotz, Griswold, Hnldoman, Haimll, Heiliu,
Holman, Johnson, Knott, Lewis, Lvneh, Miinnintc,
Marshall, Mayhnm, JlcCoriuick, MrKenzie, Mc-
Neely, Mercnr, Moigau, Moirissey, Mnngon, Nib-
luck, Peree, Piatt, Potter, Beeves, Riee, Rogels,
Sargent, Sohuniaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod,
Shober, Klocum, Joseph S. (Smith, Shies, Stone,
Strader, Swann, Tillman, Trimble, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Voorhecs, Wells, Ungene M. Wilson.
Winans, Winchester, and Wood—71.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Bunks,
Bird, Blair, Boles, Bowen, James Brooks, Buck,
Cake, Calkin, Conner, Covodc, Darrall, Nathan F.
Dixon, Dyer, Fox, Garfield, Gibson, llaigbt, Ilam-
bleton, Ha.ys, Ilili, Hoar, flotchkiss^ Xngersoll,
Jenckes, Thomas L. Jones. Kellogg, kerr, Laflin,
Lash, Logan, McCarthy, McICce, Millies, Jesse H.
Moore, Morey, Morphis, Myers,Newsham, Packard,
Packer, Peters, Poland, Randall, Selienek, Strick-
land, Sweeney, Sypher, Taylor, Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Ward, William B. Washburn, Wheolor, Wil-
lard, Witeher, and Woodward—GO.
So the House reconsidered the vote ordering
the inairi question.
The House then refused to order the main
question and to second tho previous question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the further consideration of the amnesty
bill and amendments be postponed to the sec-
ond Wednesday after tho holidays.
A Member. Name the date.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The 11th
of January.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I desire to pro-
pound a question to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. I desire the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction to let the House know
whether he wishes to avoid meeting the ques-
tion on the bill or not?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not in
the slightest.
Mr. WOOD. I ask him whether his motion
to postpone is not iu the interest of those who
are opposed to any amnesty whatever?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. By no
means. I have already stated that half a dozen,
or I might say a dozen, gentlemen came to me
last night and said they wished the postpone-
ment in order to leave at once, so that they
might get to their homes and return during
the recess. I said, in view of the fact that
we could not finish the question during this
day, as there was a special assignment for two
o'clock which must take place, I would move
the postponement. It is from no desire to
avoid the question. I pledge the House that,
so far as I am concerned, the question which
was to come up this morning shall come up on
the 11th of January next.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, the bill reported
from the Committee on Reconstruction, and
the amendments, have been thoroughly dis-
cussed, and the House is entirely competent
to vote now. I apprehend the reason the gen-
tleman desires this postponement is that he
is afraid to meet the question before the House
in an open, frank, honest manner.
