1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
The previous question was seconded and the
main question.ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolutions were adopted.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolutions were adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. DEGENER. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table Senate bill
No. 9C9, to relieve certain persons therein
named from all legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, and for other
purposes.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
SPECIFICATIONS OF PATENTS, ETC.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report back the amend-
ments of the Senate to House joint resolution
No. 188, providing for publishing specifications
and drawings of the Patent Office, and move
that they be concurred in.
Mr. NLBLACK. Let the joint resolution
be read.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the publication of the abstracts of
specifications and of the engravings heretofore
accompanying the annual report of the Com-
missioner of Patents be discontinued after the
publication of the report for 1808, and in lieu
thereof authorizes the Commissioner to have
printed for gratuitous distribution, not to ex-
ceed one hundred copies, of the complete speci-
fications and drawings of each patent, together
with suitable indexes, to be issued from time
to time, one copy to be placed for free public
inspection in each capitol of every State and
Territory, one for the like purpose in the clerk's
office of the district court of each judicial dis-
trict of the United States, except when such
offices are located in State or territorial capi-
tals, and one in the Library of Congress, which
copies shall be taken and received in all courts
as evidence of all matters therein contained,
and shall be certified to under the hand of the
Commissioner and seal of the Patent Office,
and shall be taken and received in all courts
as evidence, said copies not to be taken from
said depositories for any purpose; that the
Commissioner of Patents shall be authorized
and directed t® have printed such additional
numbers of copies of specifications and draw-
ings, certified as hereinbefore provided, at a
price not to exceed the contract price for such
drawings, for sale as may be warranted by the
actual demand for the same; that the Commis-
sioner shall be also authorized to furnish a com-
plete set of such specifications and drawings
to any public library which will pay for bind-
ing the same into volumes to correspond with
those in the Patent Office, and for the trans-
portation of the same, and which shall also
provide proper custody for the same, with con-
venient access for the puplic thereto, under
such regulations as the Commissioner shall
deem reasonable; that all contracts for making
copies of drawings shall be made under the
provisions of chapter one hundred and fifty-
five, section nine, of act of Congress, approved
June 25, 1864, which reads as follows:
"Sec. 9. And ht> it further anaeicd. That all litho-
graphing and engraving, where the probable total
costot the maps or plates illustrating or accompany-
in? any one work exceeds $250, shall bo awarded to
the lowest and best bidder for the interests of the
Government, due regard being paid to the execution
of the work, after due advertisement by the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, under the direction of
the joint Committee on Printing: Provided, That the
joint Committee on Public Printing be authorized
to empower the Superintendent of Public Printing: to
mnke immediate contracts forengravmg, whenever,
in their opinion, the exigencies of the public ser-
vice will not justify waiting for advertisement and
award."
The first Senate amendment was as follows :
Page 1, line four, after the ward" of," insert' 'that
portion of;" so thatit willread:
That the publication of the abstracts of specifica-
tions, and of that portion of the engravings hereto-
fore accompanying theannualreport of theCommis-
sioner of Patents, be discontinued. See.
The amendment was eoncurred in.
The next amendment was as follows:
Page 1, line six, strike out "eight" and insert
'nine;" so that it will read :
Discontinued after the publication of the report
for 1868.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was as follows:
Page 1. line eight, after the -words "one hundred"
insert the words "and fifty;" so that it will read:
And that in lieu thereof the Commissioner be au-
thorized to have printed for gratuitous distribution,
not to exceed one hundred and fifty copies, &c.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was as follows:
Page 1, line ten, after the word "patent" insert
the words "subsequently issued;" so that it will
read:
Not to exceed one hundred and fifty copies of the
complete specifications and drawings of each patent
subsequently issued.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was as follows:
Page 2, line twenty-one, after the word "any" in-
sert the word " other," and after the word " purpose"
insert the words " than to be used as evidence;" so
that it will read:
Said copies not to be taken from said depositories
for any other purpose than to be used as evidence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate amendments were con-
curred in ; and al30 moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORT OF SECRETARY OF WAR.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (S. No. 1119) relative
to the printing of the annual report of the Sec-
retary of War.
The bill, which was read, provides that it
shall be the duty of the Congressional Printer,
in place of the twenty-five hundred copies of
the abridgment of the annual report of the Sec-
retary of War, ordered by section one of the
act of July 27, 1866, to cause to be printed
and bound for the use of the War Department
eight hundred full copies of said annual report.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TERRITORIAL PENITENTIARIES.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table, that it may
be put upon its passage, the bill (S. No. 1100)
in relation to certain territorial penitentiaries.
There was no objection; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, and read a
first and second time.
The question was oa ordering the bill to be
read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides in its first
section that the penitentiary which has been
or may hereafter be erected by the United
Statesinany organizedTerritory thereof shall,
when the same is ready for the reception of
convicts, be placed under the care and control
of the marshal of the United States for the
Territory or district in which such penitentiary
may be situate. The second section  iakes it
the duty of the Attorney General of the United
States to prescribe all needful rales and regu-
lations for the governing of such penitentiary,
and the marshal having charge thereof shall
cause them to be duly and faithfully executed
and obeyed. The reasonable compensation of
such marshal and of his deputies tor their ser-
vices, under this act and said regulations, shad
be fixed by the Attorney General, and it, and
the expense incident to the subsistence aud
employment of offenders against the laws of
the United States, who have been or may here-
after be sentenced to imprisonment in such
penitentiary, shall be chargeable on and pay-,
able out of the fund for defraying the expenses
of suits in which the United States are con-
cerned, and of prosecutions for offenses com-
mitted against the United States; provided,
that this act shall not be construed to increase
the maximum compensation now allowed by
law to those officers. The third section pro-
vides that any person convicted by a court of
competent jurisdiction in a Territory, for a
violation of the laws thereof, and sentenced
to imprisonment, may, at the cost of such
Territory, on such terms and conditions as
may be prescribed by such rules and regula-
tions, be received, subsisted, and employed in
such penitentiary during the term of his or her
imprisonment, in the same manner as if he or
she had been convicted of an offense against
the laws of the United States.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to state that this
bill is recommended by the late Secretary of
the Interior, and by the present one also ; and
I think there will be no objection to it.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OSAGE INDIAN LANDS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce for action at this time a
bill for the relief of the inhabitants of cities
and towns on lands obtained of the Great and
Little Osage Indians in the State of Kansas.
The bill was read. It provides that the pro-
visions of the acts of May 30, 1862, March 2,
1867, and June 8, 1868, in relation to town
sites on the public lands, shall be extended to
the lands obtained of the Great and Little
Osage Indians in the State of Kansas : bat that
nothing contained in the act shall be construed
as in any manner affecting any legal rights
heretofore vested in any party or parties.
Mr. KELSBY. I think that bill had better
go to the Committee on the PuOiic Lands.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. The bill proposes
merely to extend the general provisions of the
town-site laws over the Osage lands the Indian
title to which has been extinguished. That is
all there is in it. I hope it will be considered
now. _ •
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask unanimous
consent to make a personal explanation for a
few minutes.
No objection was made.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask the Clerk
to read an extract 1 have marked in the New
York Times of yesterday.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Yesterday one of the Democratic Ilepresentati ves
of Kentucky tried to do an injury to the South, under
the pretense of claiming for it general amnesty.' If
an amnesty resolution were fairly presentedit would
probably command a large vote. Mr. Joxrs, how-
ever, made amnesty a pretext for parading hisdevo-
tion to the fundamental principle of the rebellion.
He burdened his resolution with a preamble, affirm-
ing that'the right of secession was from the begin-
ning debatable,' and that 'certain States seceded
and set up a government of their own ill accordance
with their honest convictions as to reserved rights,'
&c. Of eoursc the resolution was voted down almost
unanimously. Jones eould have expected nothing
else. But the matter does not end there. The eranee
of securing amnesty islcssened. And it? enemies wilt
pmmttoJoxKS's preamble as evidence of intractable
disloyalty on the part ot its southern advocates."
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
averse as I am to personal explanations, never
having made one in the course of two terms in
Congress, although I may have had cause to do
so, I feel compelled now to say something in
reference to the article which has just been read
by the Clerk, and which was handed to tne
about ten minutes since.
