1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
state that the footing up was changed, by the
committee, as he supposes, to.,correspond with
the changes in the text which* they reported.
Those amendments have not been agreed :to,
with one exception;,, and if there be jio objec-
tion the Secretary will be alio.wed to correct
the footing to correspond with the bill as, it
now stands. ..There will be only,an addition
of $1,440, the Chair thinks, to the amount
originally named in this clause.,. That correc-
tion Will be made. .
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the, bill.
; The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line sixty to strike out
the item "for temporary clerks, $10,000."
Mr. COLE. That should be disagreed to,
the other change as to permanent clerks in
the office of the Secretary of the Senate not
having been made.
The amendment was rejected.
The next atoendment was in lines eighty-
two, eighty-three, and eighty-four, to strike
out the words " said pages to be appointed
and removed by the Sergeant-at-Arms, with
the approval of the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate."
Mr. MORRTLL, of Vermont. Some years
ago we had some little trouble in relation to
this matter. The Sergeant at-Arms was in
the habit of making rather arbitrary removals,
and I believe practically the Vice President
did not exercise much control in the matter.
At any rate the Sergeant-at-Arms was dis-
posed to ignore him; and although I have
never heard any complaint in relation to the
present officer, as the law as it ftands was
only adopted last year,.! hope it will be
allowed to remain.
Mr. COLE. I have nothing to add to what
was said yesterday on this subject, except that
it seems to the Committee on Appropriations
absurd to pat the appointments of this class
of officers under the control of one of the com-
mittees of this body. I suppose that the rule
as it existed before is just as- safe as it is to
change it as it was changed last year, for some
reason, I do not know what, according to the
text of this bill as it is sent to us from the
House of Representatives.
The amendment was rejected.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line ninety-two, to de-
crease the appropriation "for miscellaneous
items, exclusive of labor," for the Senate
contingent expenses, from '"$30,000" to
"$25,000."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses this item is to remain in the text, as it is
governed by the same principle that governed
the other amendments.
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be disagreed to, and the item will remain
as it is in the text.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the contingent expenses of the House
of Representatives, to decrease the appropria-
tion "for miscellaneous items" by striking
out "$55,000," in line one hundred and sev-
enty-eight, and inserting "$50,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the " public printing," in line two
hundred and eighteen to strike out " $91,000"
an I insert " $15,000;" so as to make the clause
read, "for lithographing, engraving, mapping
copies of maps, plans, and diagrams in fac-
simile on tracing-linen, $15,000."
Mr. COLE. I am instructed by the com-
mittee to offer the following amendment in the
place of the one reported :
At the end of lino two hundred and seventeen,
page 10, add, "and for carrying out the provisions
of the joinj: resolution providing for publishing
specifications and drawings of the Patent Office,
approved January 11,1871, $97,000."
The.VICE PRESIDENT. Is this a sub-
stitute for the amendment reported by the
committee?
. Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be' regarded as agreed to in
the place of .the amendment in the text.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood there was
to be another amendment, raising the appro-
priation for general lithographing from $16,000
to $20,000. The work has been ordered, and
of course we must pay for it.
Mr. COLE. That is in another part, fur-
ther on in the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg pardon.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill. .
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for "public buildings and grounds," line
two hundred and fifty-five, to insert the words
"and. grounds" after the words "public
buildings."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will suspend the reading of the bill, to receive
a message from the House of Representatives.
DEATH OF HON. JOHN COVODE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, com-
municated to the Senate information of the
death of Hon. John Covode, late a member
of the House of Representatives from the
twenty-first congressional district of the State
of Pennsylvania.
The resolutions of the House of Represent-
atives were read.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, again, and for
the third time during this short session, are
we reminded that the robes of office will not
ward away the shafts of death. Another of
our colleagues has fallen, and we. lay aside
our labors for a few brief moments to pay a
tribute to his memory.
Hon. Johs Covode, late Representative of
the twenty-first congressional district of Penn-
sylvania, died at Harrisburg, on the 11th of
January. He had left this city a few days pre-
vious, proceeded to his home, and with his
wife went to Philadelphia, and made arrange-
ments to place two of his younger children at
school. Intending to resume his duties in the
Honse, he started to return by way of Harris-
burg. There, in his usual robust health, he
retired to rest for a few hours before leaving
for Washington. Attacked by acute pain in
the region of the heart, he awoke, called his
wife, and had medical aid summoned. Rem-
edies were administered, but within an hour
he died.
John Covode was born in Westmoreland
county, Pennsylvania, on the 17th of March,
1808. His father was of Dutch and his mother
of Quaker descent. An untarnished name
was the only heritage they had to leave their
son. His facilities for acquiring an education
were very limited. His after life, however,
demonstrated that his will would yield to no
difficulties which perseverance could over-
come, that obstacles in his path gave birth to
the resolve that he would surmount them.
When quite young he left his home and trav-
eled on foot to the State of New York, wish-
ing to acquire^a knowledge of some branch
of manufacturing industry. He selected the
fulling business, correctly calculating that
one of the necessities of his native district
could be supplied by the introduction of a
fulling mill. He learned the trade, returned
and established what was known for years
as Covode's Woolen Factory. Although his
factory was small, compared with the huge
enterprises of the present day, it supplied
the wants of the neighborhood. He was an
honest, industrious, business man, aud gained
the confidence of all who knew him. Grow-
ing in knowledge and experience, se zing
the opportunities which the advanco of im-
provements offered, he employed his energies
beyond the limits of his own vicinity, and
made the welfare of other sections of the
State the object of his solicitude.
Pennsylvania had commenced, in 1826, an
extensive system of internal improvements,
and many who feared the burden of public debt
necessary to their completion shrunk back
from the undertaking. Men of nerve and cour-
age were needed for that time. Of that class
was Mr. Covode. Confident in the value of
the boundless but undeveloped resources of
the great Commonwealth, he gave an ardent
support to all measures for the comitiencement,
prosecution, and completion of her canals and
railroads. When these furnished insufficient
facilities for trade and travel, he again gave his
efficient aid. He was one of the original
friends of the company incorporated in 1846
to construct a railroad from east to west
through the central portion of the State, and
did much to secure its success.
When these improvements by State and
company enterprise were completed, he was
among the first to originate schemes for util-
izing them. He became a transporter on the
canal, and, while the railroad was in progress,
organized companies to develop the coal fields
in western Pennsylvania, which it made ac-
cessible.' In all these he was a ruling and an
active spirit, and aided to a great extent by
his prudent management they have prospered
largely and rewarded his sagacity and labors
with abundant success. His perseverance, lore-
sight, self-confidence, his hopefulness, and his
honesty of purpose had all been exercised in
behalf of his immediate neighborhood, county,
and State, but it was not until he entered upon
his political career that those qualities became
so conspicuous as to attract the attention of
the country. Before his election to Congress
in 1854 he bad been a candidate for the State
senate in the district composed of the counties
of Westmoreland and Somerset. Defeated by
a very small majority, the canvass demonstrated
his hold upon the confidence of the people.
His party was in the minority, but many
opposed to him politically waived their adher-
ence to party rule, casting their votes for him
as the Whig candidate.
In 1854 Mr. Covode was, for the first time,
^candidate for Congress in the then nineteenth
congressional district of Pennsylvania, and
was elected. He was reelected in 1856, 185S,
and 1860. In the legislation immediately pre-
ceding the attempted secession of the southern
States he was a prominent and courageous
actor in resisting the encroachments of con-
spirators against the Union and in exposing
the schemes for the extension of slavery. In
opposing the efforts to force the institution
upon Kansas he battled with all his energy,
and became conspicuous for his industry and
labors as chairman of a committee to investi-
gate the influences by which this result was
sought to be accomplished.
In the Thirty-Sixth Congress, that imme-
diately preceding the election of Mr. Lincoln
to the Presidency, he contributed largely in
preparing the public mind for a change in
the policy on which the national Government
had' been administered. When that change
cameand secession loHovved Mr. Covode stood
unflinchingly by the Hag of his country. He
was not a man o( soft words and persuasive
speech, lhe time had conic when it was to
be decided by the arbitrament of the sword
whether the Union should be preserved or be
severed into fragments. He advocated the
strengthening ot the arm of the Government
to meet the attack of its enemies. His patri-
otic exhoitaiions, though not couched in the
flowery language of lhe rhetorician, were such
as carried conviction to the minds of the people
and roused them to a sense of the impending
dangers.
