1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1715
Mr. COX. I never knew a bill like this
before. It is the most extraordinary bill I
ever saw. It is a bill the like of which I do
not remember in our history. It is a bill that
appropriates for local purposes all our general
funds. J am surprised, and I was surprised j
that the distinguished gentleman from Massa-
chusetts ever should have consented to report I
this bill, and now I am glad to know that he j
comes before the country and the House and
says the responsibility lies at the door of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. DAWES. One woid. Before the House
liad passed on a single one of these items I
stated fairly to the House the basis upon which
they rested, and that the committee submitted
them to the judgment of the House, and now
the House shares with the Secretary of the
Tteasury the responsibility which the commit-
tee have thrown off from their shoulders.
Mr. COX. But my friend has voted for
nearly all of these appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. Oh, no; not all.
Mr. COX. lie v/)ted tor most of them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There are a mint
ber of items in this bill which were never rec-
ommended by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. DAWES. Not one. I wish to know
which.
Mr. FARN"SWORTH. Four or five were
pointed out on Satutday last.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to know what
they are. If the gentleman "will point to a
single one here that has not been recom-
mended by tbe Secretary of the Treasury, I
will move to reconsider and have it stricken
out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like tbe
gentleman to sho<v ine a recommendation for
Mie building of a public building at La Crosse,
Wisconsin.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Washburn J has m his possession
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury in
regard to them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is one tiling for
the Secretary of the Treasury to send in_ a
report from the supervising architect of the
Treasury, giving estimates for buildings, and
another thing for him to recommend them.
Now, the Secretary told me right here at my
seat that he bad not recommended a building
at La Crosse,
Mr. WxVSIIBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
* tlit1 letter bcrs.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to see
it. Let us hear the letter.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to strike out
the last word.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There are a number
of other items in the bill of the same sort.
Mr. DAWES. What are they?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I could tell the
gentleman by hunting over the letters from
the Secretary ; but he ought to know himself.
I have given him one.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman seems to
have more light on this subject tSian I have.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I regret to see that
the chairman of the Committee oil Appropri-
ations does not know more about these appro-
priations.
Mr. DAWES. I say to_ the gentleman that
he is mistaken about the item lor La Crosse.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 know somebody
is mistaken about it.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I have moved to stride
out the last word.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is no recom-
mendation for the appropriation at Quincv.
Illinois, and it is strange that there should
not he.
Mr. DAWES. Not only is there a recom-
mendation lor the building at Quincy. Illinois,
but it has been repeated last session and this
session. Rut three days since it was repeated.
Mr, LAWRENCE. I did not hear all the
remarks of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, and I am not sure that I ex-
actly comprehend what he was driving at in
what he said a few moments ago. I under-
stand that he said that I have made some objec-
tion to the action of the Committee on Appro-
priations or some complaint against them.
Sir, I have done no such thing. I.never was
associated with more amiable gentlemen in
my life. They have treated me with uniform
kindness. I have differed with them on public
expenditures frequently, but never in a form to
give risr to any in the lyast unpleasant feeling.
The gentleman said, if I understood him cor-
rectly, that I ought to have attended the sit-
tings of the committee more faithfully than I
have done. Sir, I am willing my record shall
be compared with that of the gentleman from
Massachusetts and every other member of the
committee. I staid here laboring every day
during the recess of Congress, white the chair-
man of the committee wag off rusticating in
Massachusetts. 1 have been absent from very
few of the meetings of the committee, and only
when I was detained unavoidably by business
connected with my duties in Congress, which I
could not. escape. I have been on three regular
committees, Appropriations, Reconstruction,
and the Postal Telegraph Committee. Then I
have devoted much itme, day aud night, on a
sub-committee investigating charges against
tbe Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Sir. I undertake to say that no member of
the Committee on Appropriations or of this
House has labored more industriously than I
have done. I rc-gret to say that when I have
been in th> committee I have found that my
opinions have not had as much weight Willi
gentlemen as 1 could have hoped, and it they
had this bili would not have been here with all
its huge proportions, nor would some others
that have cotne belore the House. That is ali
I have to say upon the subject.
Mr. L0UGHR1DGE. I move to lay the
bill upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion would not be
in order during the consideration of the bill.
The bill has not been gone through with.
Mr. DAWES. We have only one more par-
agraph of this character.
Tbe question was taken on Mr. Dawes's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to amend by
inserting the following after the amendment
just adopted:
For the erection of n Government building at
Jacksonville, Florida, for thc__a< ooicmodatiou oi
the post ofiico, custoin-liouce. United States court,
and internal revenue otliees, upon plans which wnl
insure its completion for the sum of $SCO,OliO, one
halt of which, $150,000, is hereby appreciated.
Mr. KELSEY. I raise a point of order on
that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the rules
be suspended, and the amendment received
and adopted.
The question was taken; and (two thirds not
voting m the affirmative) the motion was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the erection of a Government bnildini: at
Padueafc, Kentucky, which shall be buiit of brick,
and upon plans which will insure its completion
for the sum of SIM,000. the half of which is hereby
appropriated, S50.0u0.
Mr. BURCHARD. I raise a point of order
Oil this amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
Doint of order.
Mr. TRIMBLE. There is butjone Govern-
ment building in the State of Kentucky. I
move to suspend the rules so that this para-
graph shall be considered as in order.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes Si, noes 38. . . ,
So (two thirds voting iu the affirmative) tue
rules were suspended.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I.move to amend
by inserting after the amendment last adopted
the following:
For the purchase of a site and the erection of a
Government buildmg at Portsmouth, Ohio, which
f-hall be built upon plans which will in?aie its com-
pletion for $50,000, the half of which is hereby appro-
priated &25,0U0.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I raise a point of
order on that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move to suspend
the rules, so that it may be in order.
The question was taken ; and the motion
was not agreed to—ayes thirty-two, noes not
counted.
Mr. KELLOGG. I wish to offer an amend-
ment that is not out of order I think, and to
say simply this: that this building has been
there for more than 
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
read.
The amendment was read as follows :
For repairs and improvement ot the Government
building for custom-ljonse, Uuited Scutes courts,
and po.-t otlice at Ne\y Haven, Connecticut, 810,000.
Mr. DAWES. I raise a point of order on
that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. T move to amend
by inserting after the amendment last adopted
the following:
But no j>art of the money "by this bill appropriated
for the erection or completion of any public building
shr.il be expended until eosnpleteplans for the build-
ii:5 ph,:'! have been made; nor except upon due
.advertisement for bids or proposals for the woik
and materials, and to the lowest responsible bidder.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is legislation : it is
a change of the existing law.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would hold not.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the Chair will listen
one moment: we have a law already on the
statute-book requiring plans to be prepared
and estimates made, to be approved by the
Secretary of the Interior, Postmaster General,
and the Secretary of the Treasury.
'ihe SPEAKER. Nevertheless, the House
has a perfect right to put an express limitation
upon this particular appropriation.
Mr. MAYNAltD. It would change the law.
The SPEAKER. The House has a right to
do that pro tanlo, so far as this particular
oppropriation is concerned ; but not in refer-
ence to future appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. The amendment is in order ;
there is no doubt about that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I offer this amend-
ment in good faith, and with a desire to liave
a vote upon it, for the purpose of ascertaining
whether the House is ready to go back to the
old usages of the Government, and have the
work done upon bids advertised for, and to
the lowest bidder. I do it because the princi-
pal reason why so much money is now wasted
upon Government buildings is that they are
not let to the lowest responsible bidder upon
contracts ; it is because the work is being done
by private parties. I hold in my hand here a
bill for work done upon the Des Moines court-
house in Iowa, which is a novelty in itself.
This is the bill:
Uxited States
To Alexander k. Shephfrd. www
Jat:.r Patent Autt-Fn-ezntg Pipe anil KnnjUu Com-
priuii. Dv> Moinei, Low.i. Sept'fbr r 1, I SKI.
To 2,490 lbs. slitter copper, at acoiii'  i?M6 99
To 8 OJi lbs. rootinscopper, at oo cents....  °u
To tinning 2.USM sheets copper, (two sides,)
at ^ cents 
To G'lO lbs. solder, at ;>0 cents  
To 2iH) Lbs. coijperuails, at 5i cents 
To freight paid upon eops>oi, <.ve   
To ?undrie-\ per vouchers annexed 
To railroad fare for workmen   
To time-roll of workmen     
To superintendent, esi>en.ses, J:vno, &c•-••• •
To 10 cents per square foot oil i.oboieecrooi-
ing\ royalty     
To 15 per cent, on cost of m&vena.i, «o  
This is a bill for putting a roof on a
387 41
]S0 U0
IDS 00
12t> 64
2 Hi 03
516 01)
l.OSt) 00
378 50
758 80
1,030 81
build-
