1104
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
ham Lincoln, who, you know, liked frankness.
On more than one occasion With this good
President his frankness Ctjif^tiered. Honor-
able as was such a victory to the simple Rep-
resentative; it was more honorable to the
President.
His fcbneit iridigndtion at wrong was doubt-
less quickened by the blood which coursed
in his veins and the story which it constantly
whispered. :He was descended from one of
those "redemptioners" or indented servants
transported to Pennsylvania'in the midd-le of
the la'sE century, beinga species of white slaves,
among which was one of the signers of the
Declaration of Independence. The eminence
which John Covode reached attests,the hospi-
tality of our institutions and Shows ho-w char-
acter triumphs over difficulties. With nothing
but a common education, he improved his con-
dition, gained riches, enlarged his mind with
wisdom, and won the confidence of his fellow-
citizens, until he became an example.
The death of such a citizen makes a void,
but' it leaves behind a life which ih itself is a
monuiiherit.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, again we
are called upon to share in the last sad cere-
monies on the occasion of the death of one of
our old associates. Mr. Covode entered upon
his public life in the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
He was first elected a member of Congress in
the fall of 1854, when for thte first time the
anti slavery sentiment of the northern States,
arouS'ed by the Kansas-Nebraska bill, con-
tested for supremacy in the administration of
the national Government. The commencement
of this struggle dates back to the origin of the
Government, and indeed was inherent in the
nature of the human mind. The idea that
ruled a society where, a great portion of the
people were slaves, and the iaea that con-
trolled a people all free, were of necessity in
a state of chronic war. That they did not
sooner come in armed conflict is the highest
evide'nee of the forbearance, obedience, and
respect for law that is the distinguishing trait
of our race. But when tlye geographical bar-
riers erected by our father's had been broken
down in the interest of slavery the conflict
became inevitable. The mass of our people,
with a keen perception of the nature of the
conflict, arrayed themselves into parties dis-
tinctively founded upon these antagonistic
ideas. Old party divisions meltfed away; other
issues were subordinated or postponed, and
in the House of Representative of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress the conflict coiiim'encetl Which
in the end destroyed slavery and left d& ih sill
the States with institutions in B&r'rhony With
republican liberty.
Mr. Covode, though a Whig ih politics, Was
elected it; a Democratic district; and I met
him for the first time in December, 1855, in the
long struggle that followed over the organiza-
tion of the House. From that time until his
death my acquaintance with him wis intimate.
He took an active but peculiar part in all the
political contests of the time. And now, sir,
in reviewing his life, forthe purpose of joining
in this tribute to his memory, I can truthfully
say that I knew no one in public life who was
a truer friend, more faithful to his convictions
of duty, less influenced by bitterness and ma-
lignity. and who was less changed by his long
political service from the plain Johk Covode
of our early acquaintance. It so happened
that I once visited his district and sought the
secret of his continued popularity at his home,
where there had been many political changes.
He had been engaged extensively in many
branches of business, had been very success-
had accumulated a large fortune, from
a laboring man had become the employer of
thousands of laborers, had held high official
position; and yet in all these changes had
continued the same plain-hearted, genial, kind,
and accessible John Covode.
His success did not excite envy, and even 1
among; his political adversaries, though he was
a very dreaded partisan, there was no bitter-
ness'. ' Witt his political associates in the
House of Representatives he was popular and
influential, never contesting the higher honors
df political strife or leading in debate; yet his
good will and good offices were eagerly sought
by others, and when given were always sincere
and useful. I do not think any one can truly
say he was ever misled or deceived by Mr.
Covode. His sagacity in political matters was
intuitive. He felt and knew the popular pulse,
because he mingled with and knew the people
as well as any man in puWic life. In his pop-
ular addresses he was far more successful than
learned and polished lawyers who depended
upon studied preparation. His speeches were
earnest, direct, and good-humored, and did
not lose their force though his grammar was
not always correct and his ideas were clothed
iti homely phraSe. Mr. Covode was one of
the many who under our free institutions, with-
out advantage of education, but with native
talents, great industry and energy, filled the
measure of a successful life.
He did great good in developing the re-
sources of his State; he was true to his political
convictions; he was firm in his friendships; he
was a good hdsband and father; and now, sir,
that he ii sudtlihily taken froth us by death,
treading a little time before us the dim, gloomy,
impenetrable paths of future life, we his old
associates can recall his memory with kind-
ness, respect, and affection. When we reflect
ho# few of the members of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress still fill their places in these Halls,
and how maiiy, both of our friends and adver-
saries, ard now dead—falling here and there in
the changing phase's of life without creating a
ripple in tlie great current of events—we feel
the insignificance of afty one human life, how-
ever proudly and prominently it may be for a
moment in the public eye. All that we can
do is to contribute a little, and but a little, to
the general progress of our country ; and we '
must be contentif, when our eulogies are pro-
nounced, our survivors may say of us what has
been truly said to-day of Johs Covode.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, leaving
a particular statement and analysis of the life
of Mr. Covode to gentlemen more intimate
with it than I am, I design saying a few words
of him and his career which I hope will im-
Eress the youth of the country. In him we
ave a bright illustration of what may be
attained under a political system which invites
SVery kind of ability to its service, which wel-
comes evfery description of talent, and excludes
nonfe from the responsibilities and honors of
public life.
Mr. Covodb: encountered the difficulties
which his humble extraction and poverty placed
in his way with the steady courage of the race
whose blood flowed in his veins. His father
was one of those whose passage was paid from
the Low Countries by service of redemption
after his arrival on our shores. In early times
the farmers and small manufacturers of Penn-
sylvania, true to the traditions of our State,
procured this class of laborers in preference
to slaves. That they were wise in this-choice
it is not now, happily, necessary to argue.
But if proof were demanded it may be found
in the beautiful valleys now possessed by the
descendants of these imported laborers, by
their high culture, by their thrift, and by the
exalted honor which marks all their dealings.
And it is worthy of honorable mention, in
passing, that there is not one single instance in !
which these patient, honest people failed to j
carry out to the uttermost, and in perfect good !
faith, the contract by which they were enabled |
to come to a land of plenty. j
However much of honor and fame John
Covode may have earned by his public ser- i
vices, he holds a higher place in my esteem :
for the true courage he possessed. I never j
honored him more than when, in a speech in [
Philadelphia not long ago, he boldly pro-
claimed what other and weaker men would
have labored to suppress, and announced as a
reason for his hostility to every species of
human bondage the fact that his father had
been sold as a "redemptionist" near the very
spot where he was then speaking to thousands
on matters of high importance; standing up
an acknowledged leader in a land fatuous for
the number and abilities of its leading men
and the average intelligence of its people.
This German element in Pennsylvania, of
which Mr. Covode was an excellent type,
found itself, from very early times, in sharp
rivalry with another race with which no ordi-
nary qualities could maintain a successful
struggle. The bold and enterprising Scotch-
Irish and Scotch were already there. While
these people were furnishing the pioneers for
our constantly advancing frontier they yet left
behind them a strong force to dispute with
all comers the possession of the land their
Courage had conquered from the savage and
the wilderness. These and the Swedes were
mainly the purchasers of the laborers who
were brought from Europe, and were the own-
ers of much of the soil. But scarcely a gen-
eration had passed away before the hired
servants began to buy their masters' lands, to
marry their masters' daughters, and to make
good their claim to full equality with those
whbse bondmen they had been. For a time
the Scotch-Irish made a sturdy stand for that
supremacy and superiority whidt seem to be
their peculiar inheritance, place theni where
you may. At lehgth the thrift, the superior
patience, and the perseverance of the German
blood prevailed. They bought, and still pos-
sess, the old homesteads, and have furnished
us with dn array of distinguished men of whom
every citizen of our State* is justly proud:
while their rivals, true to their character for
progress arid enterprise, spread westward to
our borders. There they took firm root. And
from that citadel of their power they have fur-
nished the picket-guard of civilization for the
continent. While the sons of the Germans
from generation to generation inherited their
fathers' lands, they continued in the simple
pursuits of their ancestors. The Scotch-Irish,
on the other hand, sent their sons to colleges,
and constantly asserted their claims to power
and direction; the result of which is that this
race has furnished us with more Presidents
than all others cbmbined, and has put its in-
delible impress on the political institutions of
Our country.
There is nothing either hfe'rf or striking in
what I have said; and it may be considered as
foreign to the object for which I arose. But
to me it seemed necessary in considering the
lesson of a useful man's life, and so germane
to my purpose.
John Cotodb was the irreconcilable foe of
slavery because, in the traditions of his family,
that detestation was the outgrowth of experi-
ence, of bitter suffering, of unmerited reproach.
He loved liberty as one to whom its beauty was
a reality and not merely a sentiment. And so
the same^ practical traits are to be seen all
through his character. As one denied the bless-
ings and advantages of education, he was an
unflinching friend of free schools. As an Amer-
ican laborer, his life was spent in shielding
American labor from the blight of foreign com-
petition. As a Pennsylvaniati, lie loved the
State which gave him birth and sepulclrer to
his fathers. As an American citizen, he loved
the land where he and his kindred found refbge
and honor. His was a sympathetic heart, and
his hand was open. He alleviated the sorrows
and afflictions of his neighbors with unstinted
generosity. And the vast concourse of these
that flocked to his funeral to pay honor to his
remains is conclusive evidence of the high
estimation in which he was held by those who
knew him best.
And this, after all, is the touchstone of true
popularity. The attendance of the great tnen
