278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
ship that will not fail in the hour of trial and of
want; a friendship that will not desert a friend
for selfish considerations or for personal profit;
a friendship that outlasts prosperity and grows
brighter and stronger in adversity. That kind
of a friend had he, who was fortunate enough to
be counted among the friends of our deceased
colleague.
But, sir, over and above all, and constituting
the highest encomium upon the character of
the deceased, as it will upon the character of
any man who possesses it, was his stern and
inflexible morality, and the purity of his char-
acter, exemplified as it was in his public and his
private life; as the lawyer, the judge, the legis-
lator, and the private citizen. His principles
of life were pure and fixed and his convictions
strong, and he was ready to peril all in their
defense; as conscientious and firm for the
right, as he understood the right, as that grand
Scotch race from which he sprang. I have said
that this was the highest encomium which could
be pronounced upon any man, and I repeat it.
I would that I could speak it into the ear and
impress it upon the heart of every young man
in this broad land, that the grandest words that
can be spoken or written of any man after his
dep„th are,"" He was a good man." And, sir,
I deem it fit and proper here to say, standing
in this council hall of the nation, that the
hope of the Republic is not so much in the
fame, the grandeur, the eloquence, and the
ability of its statesmen and its law-makers, as
in their honesty of purpose, and their purity
of character.
Mr. Speaker, the frequency with which we
are called upon to pay these last tributes of
respect to those of our number called hence by
the king of terrors ought to deeply impress us
with the uncertainty of life, and the fleeting,
transitory character of all earthly things; and
that "in the midst of life we are in death."
But a few weeks since, at the close of the last
session, my colleague-occupied his seat yonder,
in health and with as bright prospects for long
life as any of us. To-day his pale, ashy lips
are closed forever and sealed in death, and in
the cold and silent grave he sleeps the sleep
that knows no waking this side the great resur-
rection morn, when you, sir, and I, and all
of us will meet him face to face with the great
Judge of the universe. I trust, sir, that these
frequent admonitions, coming to us from these
vacant seats and opening graves of our col-
leagues, may not be lost upon us; that we
may live more for eternity and less for time:
so that when death's gavel tells us that our
short hour of life is ended, we may havo an
abundant entrance into a brighter and a better
world.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker,
death has indeed been busy in selecting his vic-
tims from this Congress. We have had in the
last year an unusual number of members who
have been gathered in the full tide of their use-
fulness to their home beyond the grave. Amid
all these I know of no one whose loss I
now more sadly feel than that of him whose
name has been mentioned in these resolutions.
Although my acquaintance with him dated only
from the beginning of this Congress, yet we
were^ from neighboring States, representing
identical interests, serving on the same com-
mittee, sitting side by side through many long
meetings during the past two years; and more
than an ordinary intimacy grew up between
us, and I cannot forbear adding nay testimony
to bis worth and to his high character, both as
a citizen and as a member of this body.
His quiet character and his modest demeanor
made him less known than his true worth should
have demanded. It required an intimate ac-
quaintance fully to appreciate the great and
good qualities of his character. He was a man
who was truly industrious. He was always
present at the meetings of committees. Every
day you would see lam going to the Depart-
ment?, showing an unusual attention to the!
business of his constituents. He was earnest
and honest in fulfilling the true duties of a Con-
gressman. Deeds instead of words marked
his career, both as a soldier and a statesman.
Actioil instead of oratory, result instead of pro-
fession, were the characteristics of his earnest,
working nature.
A western man in all his feelings, he was
thoroughly imbued with those large and lib-
eral views which have contributed so much to
the wonderful progress of the great valley of
the Mississippi. And I feel that in losing him
we have lost a man who was truly valuable to
us, one of those frontiersmen who have con-
tributed so much to the rapid march of the star
of empire westward. Those of his own State
know him better than all others, and the testi-
mony which they give is one to which my brief
yet intimate acquaintance can add its unquali-
fied indorsement.
Leaving him but a few short months since,
apparently in the full enjoyment of health, it
is almost impossible that memory should so
quickly recognize the loss and the vacancy cre-
ated. I find myself, 011 entering our commit-
tee-room, involuntarily looking around to the
chair he occupied and wondering why he is not
still there. So suddenly has this taken place,
so frequent have been these warnings, that we
ought not merely to remember the past, but to
look to the future. Who can tell what one of
us may return after the coming short recess?
Who can tell what one will next be taken as a
victim of the fell destroyer?
Mr. Speaker, there are those who havo
acquired more celebrity and who have had a
wider notoriety: but, after all, it is the quiet,
earnest, working men who are the most valua-
ble, not only to the community in which they
live, but to the nation at large; and it was
the integrity and industry of Mr. Smyth which
made him a most valuable man, and which now
makes him a most deplorable loss to the coun-
try ; and yet we cannot but feel that he is gath-
ered from the trials and troubles of earth to
the heaven of rest in celestial fields; for if an
honest life, a fulfillment of duty to his fellow-
men and of obligation to his God, can deserve
the high rewards that are promised hereafter,
he is now certainly enjoying all that heart can
desire or hope expect.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I only desire
to add a word to what has been so well said by
the colleagues of the deceased. I know little
personally of the facts which make up his
biography, and which are so honorable to his
career as a man and a public character, but it
affords mo a real pleasure to be able to bear
witness to his uncommon personal worth and
integrity. From the beginning of the present
Congress to the close of the last session my
relations with him were most intimate and
friendly. He served with me on the same
committee, and during his brief service here
was called upon to face some of the chief
temptations which make public life a constant
moral danger. His integrity was never found
wanting, and he discharged all his duties with
a fidelity and conscientiousness which did him
the highest honor. He proved by acts, speak-
ing louder than any words, how possible it is
for an honest man to be a politician, and thus
to rebuke the too prevalent popular skepticism
in the virtue of public men. The example of
Mr. Smyth is worthy of all honor, and does
more than all else to reconcile his family and
friends to his untimely death in the midst of
a most honorable and useful career.
The resolutions were agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at two o'clock and teu minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
nfiri) TY1 ittPPQ *
By Mr. ARCHER : The petition of Rear
Admiral Henry Walke, of the United States
Navy.
By Mr. BECK : The petition of George W.
Didlake, of Payette county, Kentucky; of
JohnBlaine, ofLincolncounty, Kentucky;and
of Richard B. George, of Woodford county,
Kentucky,and of John G. Hedgman, of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, praying for relief
from political disabilities.
By Mr. PERRY: The petition of H. C. Vant-
leel, W. H. Dickinson, and 320 others, citizens
of Michigan, praying for aid to the soldiers of
1812.
By Mr. MAYHAM: The petition of Weed,
Parsons & Co., asking for a law prohibiting
the United States Government, through the
Post Office Department, from manufacturing
stamped envelopes.
3y Mr. MYERS: A petition of seamen, fire-
men, coal-passers, and marines, for an act
granting them bounties.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Mary Shields, of
Philadelphia, mother of John Shields, late of
company B one hundred and ninety-eighth
Pennsylvania volunteers, for a pension.
By Sir. SARGENT: A petition of 42 citi-
zens of Sierra valley, California, praying for
a change in the swamp-land laws.
By Mr. SCHENCK: A memorial, petition
and accompanying papers, of trustees of Ox-
ford township (Ohio) school lands, praying
Congress to grant relief for loss of land located
for school purposes.
Also, a memorial and petition of citizens of
Eaton, Ohio, asking Congress to grant relief to
Sarah Johnson, widow of Israel Johnson, late
private seventy-first Ohio volunteer infantry.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 22, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, (at twelve
o'clock and fifteen minutes.) I move that the
further reading of the Journal be dispensed
with.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to dispensing with the reading of the
Journal ?
Mr. McCREERY. I should like t® have the
J ournal read this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky objects; the reading will continue.
The reading of the Journal was resumed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, (at seventeen
minutes past twelve o'clock.) I now under-
stand that the Senator from Kentucky with-
draws his objection to dispensing with the
reading of the Journal.
Mr. McCREERY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no further
objection be made the further reading of the
J ournal will be dispensed with. It is dispensed
with.
credentials.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the credentials of
Hon. Daniel T. Jewett, appointed by the-
Governor of the State of Missouri a Senator
from that State, to fill until the next session
of the Legislature the vacancy occasioned by
the resignation of Hon. Charles D. Drake.
The credentials were read; and the oaths
prescribed by law having been administered
to Mr. Jewett, he took his seat in the Senate.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills of the Senate without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 1100) in relation to certain
territorial penitentiaries; and
A bill (S. No. 1119) relating to the printing
of the annual report of the Secretary of War.
| The message also announced that the House
ll had passed a bill (II. R. No. 2599) to extend
