1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
to aliens serving as sailors in the United States
Navy the same right to naturalization as is pro-
vided by law for aliens serving in the armies
of the United States; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bill sigsed.
The message farther announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. It. No. 2530) to amend an act entitled
"An act to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," approved July 14, 1870; and it
was thereupon signed by the Vice President.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2509) to extend to aliens
serving as sailors in the United States Navy
the same right to naturalization as is provided
by law for aliens serving in the armies of the
United States was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
execdtive session,
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After forty minutes spent in exec-
utive session the doors were reopened, at one
o'clock.
compilation op foreign treaties.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask the Senate to
take up and dispose of the resolution I reported
yesterday morning from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, calling lbr copies of all the
treaties and conventions entered into by the
United States. I will state that I have modi-
fied the resolution by striking out the latter
portion, relating to printing, so as to avoid
any difficulty on that subject.
There being no objection, the resolution, as
modified, was considered and agreed to; as
follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested
to prepare and transmit to the Senate copies of all
the treaties and conventions:' (except postal conven-
tions) entered into by the United States, the ratifi-
cation whereof has been exchanged, with notes
indicating such treaties or conventions or such parts
of treaties or conventions as have been changed or
abrogated.
annexation oe dojiinica.
Mr. BOREMAN. 1 wish to make a state-
ment in regard to the vote last night, or this
morning, on the joint resolution in regard to
Dominica. About one o'clock last night, feel-
ing very unwell, I asked the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] to pair with me.
He agreed to do so, and we left the Chamber.
If he had been here he would have voted
against the joint resolution, and if I had been
here I should have voted for it; but feeling
unwell, I went home to take a little rest. I
merely desire to have this statement go into
the Globe, so that it may be understood how
tlie Senator from Maryland and myself stood
oil that question.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The ex-
planation made by the Senator from West Vir-
ginia has reference to myself, and is correct.
But I desire to state also that my colleague
[Mr. Vickers] and the Senator from Florida
[Mr. Gilbert] paired off on the same proposi-
tion. My'colleague would have voted against
the joint resolution and the Senator from
Florida would have voted for it.
removal op disabilities.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hoar of one
o'clock having arrived, the Calendar is now
before the Senate, and the pending question
is the bill (S. No. GOT) for the relief of Dr. J.
Milton Best, upon which tho Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] is entitled to the floor.
Several Senators have risen, probably to ex-
plain absences last evening. Does the Senator
from Kentucky yield ?
Mr. POMEROY. I submit that weoaght to
go through with the morning business. There
is a rule providing that we shall go through the
morning business; and if we do not get through
with it by one o'clock we ought to continue it
until we do get through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule under
which the Senate are now acting reads as
follows:
"And this order shall be enforced daily at one
o'clock till the end of the Calendar is reached, unless
upon motion the Senate should atany time otherwise
order."
The clock now points to the hour of one,
and under this rule the bill for the relief of
Mr. Best is before the Senate, and the Senator
from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CRAGIN. I desire to submit a motion.
Mr. LEWIS. I desire to make an appeal
to the Senator from Kentucky.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky yield, and if so, to whom?
Mr. LEWIS. I ask the Senator from Ken-
tucky to yield to me for a few moments to
enable me to call up for consideration House
bill No. 2538.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kentucky yield to the Senator from Vir-
ginia, who asks unanimous consent to proceed
to the consideration of a bill relieving certain
persons from political disabilities?
Mr. NYE. I hope he will do so.
Mr. DAVIS. I yield for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar
is only informally passed over. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from
Virginia.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2538) to
relieve certain persons under the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. POMER.OY. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Virginia if this bill has been
reported from the Committee on Disabilities
of the Senate?
Mr. LEWIS. It has never been formally
before that committee ; but all the members of
it have agreed that it shall be reported, and it
has passed the House. One of these gentle'-
men has been elected clerk of the circuit court
in my county, and if the biil is not passed to-
day it will be necessary for us to have another
election.
Mr. POMEROY. Have these persons asked
for the removal of their disabilities?
Mr. LEWIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. Overtheir ownsignatures?
Mr. LEWIS. Yes, sir, over their ownsig-
natures: and all of them were included in a
former bill passed by the Senate.
Mr. FOWLER. I have a single remark to
make in regard to thU bill. Of course I shall
support it, but I wish it to be distinctly under-
stood that it is a precedent. If these persons
who ran for office while under disabilities, and
contrary to the law which was passed at the
last session of Congress, which forbade them
to hold office under such circumstances, are to
be relieved on that ground, I shall certainly
regard it as a precedent, and take it for granted
that all other persons of good reputation in
similar circumstances who shall ask to be
relieved from their disabilities shall also be
relieved.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not want the Senator
from Tennessee to understand that I am com-
mitted to anything on this subject. _ I am not
committed to any future bill. The fact that the
people in one of these States nominate and elect
a man to office when he is not qualified affords
a good reason why his disabilities should not
be removed. They have no business to nom-
inate and elect a man in violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States. The whole thing
is an illegal procedure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 offered an amendment
to this bill yesterday which I have not heard
reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an
amendment pending offered by the Senator
from Illinois. The present occupant was out
of the chair at the time it was offered. The
amendment will be read. '•
The Chief Clerkread the amendment, wliicli
was to add as an additional section the fol-
lowing :
And be it further enacted. That all persons, except
as hereinafter excepted, subject to any disability
imposed by the fourteenth amendment to tho Con-
stitution of the United States, are hereby relieved
from such disability: Provided, nevertheless. That
the following classes of persons are excepted from
the provisions of this act, namely:
First. All persons who, being members of tie Con-
gress of the United States, withdrew from their seats
and aided the rebellion.
Second. All persons who, being officers of the Army
or Navy of the United States, left said Army orKavj-
and aided the rebellion.
Third. All persons who were members of State
conventions which adopted pretended ordinances
of secession, and voted for such ordinances.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 understand that the bill,
the passage of which is now urged by the Sen-
ator from Virginia, has passed the House of
Representatives. The effect, therefore, of
adopting any amendment now will be to lose
the bill for this season of vacation at least. I
hope, therefore, that the Senator from Illinois
will not insist on this amendment, but will
allow the Senator from Virginia to carry his
bill through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The .Chair will
receive a message from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
death of hon. william smyth.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
communicated to the Senate information of
the death of Hon. William Smith, laieamem-
ber of the House of Representatives from the
second congressional district of the State of
Iowa.
removal op disabilities.
Mr. LEWIS. I hope my friend, the Sen-
ator from Illinois, will withdraw liis amend-
ment at this time. If the amendment should
be adopted it will necessitate the sending of
this bill back to the House and render it ex-
tremely doubtful whether it will pass at all.
I do hope that the Senator will withdraw the
amendment.
Mi\ STEWART. I think the time has come
when we should legislate for the removal of
disabilities by classes. I have thought so for
some time. I believe it is becoming evident
to all persons who have given the subject any
attention that we should dispose of this busi-
ness in that way, and thus get rid of the per-
sonal examination of applicants, which at best
must be very imperfect, which causes dissatis-
faction on all occasions and occupies a great
deal of the time of Congress. I hope that we
shall stop this system of special legislation, and
legislate in some form by classes. With the
exceptions named, the amendment offered by
the Senator from Illinois appears to me to be a
very fair one. So far as this bill is concerned
I do not wish to embarrass it, and I should like
to see it go through ; but hereafter I shall urge
very strenuously legislation for the removal
of disabilities by classes, and- that we shall not
have these special bills brought up every morfi-
ing and put through by general consent. It is
a method in which we are liable to do great
injustice. We make discriminations that are
not desirahle.
I suggest to the Senator from Illinois thatwe
allow this bill to pass, and then I will unite with
him hereafter to put an amendment of this sort
upon the first bill that comes up. Let notice
of it be given now, so that it will be under-
stood that we intend to make a stand against
any more special legislation on this subject,
so as to take the sense of the Senate upon it
hereafter. I think the time for special legisla-
tion has passed. If the Senator will withdraw
his amendment now, and allow this bill to go
through, we can hereafter take the sense of
the Senate on the question of general legisla-
tion oil this subject, which seems to me to be
important and proper.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is com-
pelled to state that the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan] desires the Chair to present to
