1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1717
gentleman from West Virginia, [Mr. Witch-
mi,] who ruse in time.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Before we go
further with this bill, I desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendment as au additional section :
For tbe erection of a Government building at Cov-
ington, Kentucky, upon plana which will insure its
completion for the sum of $200,003, the half of which
is hereby appropriated, $100,000.
Mr. KELSEY. I raise the point of order
on that that it is not in pursuance of existing
legislation.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw the point of order, that
I may be heard for a few moments on the
amendment I have offered.
Mr. DAWES. If the House is content to
stay here, I am.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I do not desire
to occapv more than five minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can oply
proceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let him be
heard.
Mr. KELSEY. I have no objection to the
gentleman being heard, provided I-do not
waive the point of order by consenting that
the gentleman shall speak.
The SPEAKER. The right to raise the
point of order is reserved.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I
have waited patiently to the close of this bill
before offering the amendment just read by the
Clerk. I submit that it is a just and merito-
rious one, and if members will give me their
attention for a few moments I will present such
facts as will induce them to concur with me in
opinion. It is for no political effect or personal
advantage that I desire to obtain this appro-
priation. 'I have now been a member of Con-
gress nearly four years, and yielding to a proper
spirit of economy, which should always inspire
us, I have never asked one dollar of the public
money for the district which I represent.
I had, it is true, presented a bill in the last
Congress for the erection of a Government
building in the city of Covington, comprising
a United States district court-room, United
States internal revenue offices, and a post office;
and such a building was recommended by the
then Secretary of the Treasury. But I could
never obtain action on the bill. Early in this
Congress I offered a similar bill, but have failed
to get any report upon it.
I have here on my desk a plan and specifica-
tions made out by the supervising architect of
the Treasury, which I was unable to lay before
the committee in time, or I believe the appro-
priation which I ask would have been incor-
porated in the bill. Now, sir, the city of Cov-
ington is the emporium of a large and populous
district, a very important point on the Ohio
river, and containing nearly thirty thousand
inhabitants. Two terms of the district court
of the United States are held there in the
year and the business is very large and fast
increasing. There is no convenient room in
the place for the holding of the court, and
that in which it is now held is totally inad-
equate to the purpose, as evidence of which I
send to be read by the Clerk an extract from
a letter written me by the presiding judge.
The Clerk read as follows :
"I am pleased to learn that you contemplate ask-
ing Congress to make an appropriation for the erec-
tion of a building in the city of Covington contain-
ing suitable rooms for the post office. United States
court-room, &c. This is a large and growing city.
The present post offieebuildingis wholly inadequate
to the present need, and the present court-room is
discreditable to the United States. It is so close to
the street that the noise is almost a total obstruction
to business, and besides it is miserably arranged.'
The Government is paying rent for this room.
In addition to this the United States internal
revenue offices are small, and the Government
paying, I presume, high rent for them. There
is no place in the country where a building of
this character is more needed than in the city
of Covington.
Aa to the propriety of the demand I make
I wish to present as briefly as possible to the
House a few facts. Three or four days ago,
when we had under discussion the river and
harbor bill, I called the attention of the House
to thegreat disparity of appropriations between
the North and the South, where you appropri-
ated some four millions to the North and about
one sixth ofthatsum to the South. Now, hereis
a bill appropriating nearly thirty-four millions,
and I judge from rather a cursory glance that
not more than one tenth of that goes to States
south of the Potomac and Ohio rivers. For
Government buildings alone in this bill you
propose to appropriate in the North $4,419,239,
while in the South you appropriate only
$470,600. You give New York $1,594,897.
You give Massachusetts $942,574; and you give
several hundred thousand dollars for buildings
at comparatively unimportant placee.
_ Now, Mr. Speaker, Kentucky iS among the
six largest internal revenue tax-paying States
in this Union. New York pays, in round num-
bers, $36,000,000; Ohio, $19,000,000; Illi-
nois, $18,000,000; Pennsylvania, $16,000,-
000; Massachusetts, $10,000,000 j and Ken-
tucky within a fraction of ten millions Of the
sixteen largest internal revenue paying districts
in the United States, according to last reports,
four are in New York, paying $16,626,812;
one in Massachusetts, paying $4,149,390, and
three in Kentucky, paying $8,055,719.
Now, while you have heretofore made much
larger, appropriations for public buildings and
all other Government purposes in New York
and Massachusetts than in Kentucky, in this
bill you have given to New York, I repeat,
$1,594,897, Massachusetts $942,574, and you
have just given to Kentucky, for Government
buildings at Paducah, only $50,000. Howgreat
this disproportion ! But to make the compar-
ison nearer and more striking, you give in this
bill for public buildings to California $762,000
and to Connecticut $150,000. In the fiscal
year ending June, 1870, California paid an
internal revenue amounting to $4,602,439 31;
Connecticut paid only $2,564,477 14, while
Kentucky paid $9,887,623 13. I call theatten-
tion of gentlemen to the striking fact that the
district which I represent paid into the Treas-
ury in the year 1870 internal revenue taxes to
the amount of $2,734,708 ; in the present year
it will largely overgo $3,000,000. It is the
fourteenth of the sixteen largestf paying dis-
tricts in the United States. I ask but little
more than six per' cent, of the revenue from
mydistrictof asingleyearfor this entire appro-
priation, namely, $200,000; and only about
three per cent. I ask now with which to begin
the work, $100,000. Can you in justice refuse
my demand?
Mr. KELSEY. I now insist on the point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I move that
the rules be suspended, and the amendment
agreed to.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
81, noes 37.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WITCHER. I offer the following
amendment:
For tlie erection of a court-house, post office, and
custom-house at the city of Charlcstown, West Vir-
ginia, upon a plan which will insure its completion
for the sum of $100,000, the half of which is hereby
appropriated: Provided, The said city will donate
to the Government, within six months from the pas-
sage of this act. by title in fee, of a suitable lot upon
which to erect the same.
Mr. KELSEY. I make the point of order
on that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. WITCHER. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the amendment agreed to.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
fifty, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not snspended.
Mr. DAWES. I move to suspend the rules
and pass the bill.
Mr. CREBS. I appeal to the gentleman to
yield to me to offer an amendment.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to know if a motion
is in order to recommit this bill to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, with instructions to
strike out all new works? I desire to make
that motion, if it is in order, and to ask the
yeas and nays upon it.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in
order, pending the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] It will be
in order if the House shall refuse to follow
the lead of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
INCOME TAX.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a privileged question. I submit a report from
a committee of conference.
Mr. DAWES. I hope my colleague will
wait until this bill is disposed of.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It will
take but a moment. I only ask that the reso-
lution accompanying the reprort be read, and
then I will move that the report be printed,
and I will ask action on it hereafter.
The Clerk read as follows:
Report of the managers on the partof the House
of Representatives of the conference committee
appointed by the two Houses of Congress to consider
the question of privilege raised by the resolution
passed by the House of liepresentatives January 27,
1871.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
for the reading of the resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the House maintains that it is its
sole and exclusive privilege to originate all bills
directly affecting: the revenue, whether such bills be
for the imposition, reduction, or repeal of taxes; and
in the exercise of this privilege in the first instance to
limit and appoint the ends, purposes, considerations,
and limitations of such bills, whether relating to the
matter, manner, measure, or time of their introduc-
tion, subject to the right of the Senate to propose or
concur with amendments as in other bills.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
that the report be printed and laid upon the
table for the present, and I will call it up at
some future time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does the gen-
tleman propose to call it up this session ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do.
Mr. COX. At what time do you propose to
cali it up?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. At some
convenient time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
thegentleman from Massachusetts that his mo-
tion had better be that the report be printed,
and recommitted to the conferees. It will then
maintain its privilege in the higher form.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I make
that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I suggest to the gentleman from
Massachusetts that he fix some time for calling
up the report. It is an important matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that it would be impossible to fix a time for
anything this session, because motions to sus-
pend the rules may interfere.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. J will now hear the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Crebs.]
Mr. CREBS. I move to insert at the end
of line one hundred and seventy-three the
following:
For the building of a soldiers' monument at Mound
Citv, Illinois, the sum of §12,500: /J'tovide(l, £\lQ Stato
of Illinois shall appropriate the like sum toward the
building oi such monument; and such joint sum 01
$25,GOO to be expended urider tbo direction of two
commissioners to bo appointed by tbe 1 resident, 01
tbe United States, to beassisned from commissioned
officers of the Army, toservcwithoutadditional pay,
and three commissioners to be appointed by the
Governor of the State ®f Illinois, their services to
