i8U.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1105
of the nation who represented Congress at his
burial; of the refined gentlemen, his associates
in business and in humanitarian projects; of
the eminent men who left everything to add
their.tribute of respect to the obsequies of their
friend, was indeed honorable to them and just
to his memory. But the simple, manly grief
of his neighbors far outweighs all these, and
cast an honor over his grave which all else
was incapable of reflecting.
Confident that I have spoken but imperfectly
of Mr. Covode's character, I yet feel that
what I have said is not in vain. Some youth,
struggling in obscurity against an adverse for-
tune, and beset with difficulties which appear
at times insurmountable, will read of our dead
colleague's struggle and victory, and take
fresh courage. If even one such shall thereby
emerge from his difficulties, and give to his
country and his fellow-men the strong com-
mon sense and the acute understanding of
another John Covode, my object will have
been attained. And I cannot pay higher honor
to the dead than to present his life as an ex-
ample to the young men of our country claim-
ing, as I do, the liberty of age and experience
to press this example on their attention, and
pointing them to the struggles, the success,
and the end of the life of our departed friend.
I second, sir, the resolutions offered by my
colleague.
The resolutions were agreed to unanimously.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In accordance
with the last resolution, I declare that the
Senate stands adjourned until half past seven
o'clock p. m.
EVESING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2524) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1872.
The Chief Clerk resumed the reading of the
bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in the appropriations for
the " Court of Claims," line two hundred and
ninety live, to strike out " §27,340" and insert
'• $37,840;" so as to make the clause read :
For salaries of five judges of the Court of Claims,
tbe ''hief clerk, and assistant clerk, bailiff, and mes-
senger thereof, §87,810.
Mr. COLE. I was requested by a Senator
to let this amendment be passed over for the
present, in order that it may be considered
with the last two sections of the bill, which
relate to the same subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
reported as section two, on page 56, will con-
trol this amendment, and this amendment
will be regarded as governed by the action
of the Senate on that amendment.
The next amendment was at the end of line
three hundred and nine, to insert the words
"or so much thereof as may be necessary
so as to make the clause read:
To pay such judgments of the Court of Claims,
now unsatisfied and in force, as were rendered on
or before the 1st day of July, 1870, $500,000, or so
much thereof as may bo necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the Department of State, in line three
hundred and twenty-six, to insert "$8,000"
after " Secretary of State;" in line three hun-
dred and twenty-seven, after the words ''As-
sistant Secretaries of State," to insert " at
$3,500 each;." in line three hundred and
twenty-nine to strike out "eight" and insert
u ten ;" in line three hundred and thirty-one
to strike oat " eight" and insert " nine ;" in
liwe three hundred and thirty-three to strike
41st Cong. 3d Sbss.—No. TO.
out " sixty-nine " and insert " seventy-fonr;"
and in line three hundred and thirty-four to
strikeout "three" and insert " five;" so as to
make the clause read:
Department of State:
For compensation of theSeeretary of St,afrt, $8,000;
two Assistant Secretaries of State, at S3,oD0 each;
for chief clerk, at $2,200; ten elerks of class four,
additional to one clerk of class four as disbursing
clerk, nine clerks of class three, three clerks of class
two, eight clerks of class one, one messenger, one
assistant messenger, nine laborers, and four watch-
men ; in all, 174,520.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the Department of State, to strike out
lines three hundred and thirty-six and three
hundred and thirty-seven, as follows:
For additional index and filing clerks of class one,
54,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to propose the fol-
lowing anj^ndment to come in after line three
hundred and fifty-nine on page 15 in the appro-
priations for the United States and Mexican
claims commission:
For legal assistant to aiarent, $3,000.
For tiro clerks, at $1,400 each.
For two translators, at $1,500 each.
For one messenger, $600.
For one assistant messenger, $300.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I will state here that this is
all that is asked for by the Department, with
the exception, I believe,' of a salary for the
umpire. It was thought by the committee that
an appropriation could not well be made by
us as recommended by the State Department,
for that officer, inasmuch as the treaty requires
that he shall be paid upon the recommenda-
tion of the commissioners, and that his com-
pensation shall be fixed after the work of the
commission is done. We have not, therefore,
as we supposed, authority to provide for his
compensation now; and if we were to do so,
it might be in violation of the treaty and lead
to dissatisfaction on the part of the Mexican
Government.
The reading of the bill was continued.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in the appropriations for
the Treasury Department, in line three hundred
and sixty-five, after the words "chief clerk,
$2,200," to insert " and $300 additional for
acting as superintendent of the building."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same clause,
in line three hundred and sixty-seven, after the
word " additional," to insert the words "com-
pensation of $200:" so as to give $200 addi-
tional compensation to one clerk of class four
as disbursing clerk.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same clause,
in line three hundred and seventy-two to in-
sert "one clerk of class four and one clerk
of class one, to assist the chief clerk in super-
intending the building."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and seventy-six, after the word " engi-
neer," to strike out "$1,200" and insert
"$1,400."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and seventy-eight, to strike out "forty-
one" and insert" sixty" before" watchmen;"
inline three hundred and seventy-nine, to strike
out "one" and insert "two;" and in line
three hundred and eighty-one, after the word
"addition," to insert " each ; " so as to read
"sixty watchmen, at $720 each; and to two
of said watchmen, acting as lieutenants of
watchmen, $280 in addition each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and eighty-three, to strike out " seventy "
and insert " ninety ; " insert "char" before
"women;" and strike out the words "as
cleaners ;" so as to read " ninety charwomen,
at $180 each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of the
clause making appropriations for salaries in
the Treasury Department proper, to strikeout
" $340,160" and insert "$361,220;" so as
to make the total amount correspond with the
previous amendments.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the clause
making appropriations for the employes in the
office of the Second Auditor of the Treasury,
in line four hundred and twenty-five to strike
out-" ten clerks of the first class, to examine
and verify accounts of lines and forfeitures,
and moneys withheld on account of desertion
appropriated to the support of disabled sol-
diers ; " and at the end of the clause to strike
out "$396,480" and insert "$384,480;" so
as to read:
For Second Auditor,$3,00O; chief clerk, 12.000; six
clerks of class four, fifty-four elerks of class three,
one hundred and nine clerks of class two, one hun-
dred clerks of class one, one messenger, live assistant
messengers, and seven laborers; and for additional
to disbursing clerk, $200; in alt, S384.4S0.
The amendment was agreed to.
• The next amendment was in tbe clause
making appropriation for the office of the Third
Auditor, in line four hundred and thirty-eight,
after the words "ten copyists," to strike out
"$9,000" and insert "at $900 each."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As we have
all read this bill very carefully, I move, by
unanimous consent, that the Clerk dispense
with the reading of all such parts of it as are
not subject to amendment. I see not why we
should punish him or ourselves by reading any-
thing more than what it is desired to amend,
unless some member present desires to offer
an amendment to some other part not included.
1 hope there will be unanimous consent to that
effect.
The.VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermonts ask that by unanimous consent the
parts of the bill which the Committee on Ap-
propriations do not propose to amend be omit-
ted in the reading, the Secretary reading only
the amendments that are reported. If there
be no objection that order will be made. It
is made; and the Secretary will therefore
report the amendments of the Committee on
Appropriations as they occur, and the text of
the bill will be left, after the reading, open to
amendment throughout.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
reported by the Committee on Appropriations
is in the clause making appropriations for the
office of the Treasurer of the United States,
in line four hundred and seventy-seven, after
the words "sixty female elerks," to strike
out "$54,000" and insert "at $900 each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the
clause making appropriations for the office of
the Register of the Treasury, line four hun-
dred and eighty-nine, the following:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury may
employ three additional clerks of class four, and
eight female clerks at $900 each per annum, in lieu
of nine of said clerks of class two.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the clause
making appropriations for the office of the
Commissioner of internal Revenue, in line
five hundred and five, to strike out " thirty-
live" and insert "thirty-four;" in line five
hundred and six to strike oat "fifty" and
insert " forty-eight;" and strike out^" thirty"
and insert " fifty-twoin line five hundred
and seven to strike out " fifteen" and insert
" thirty-eight;" in line five hundred and eight
to strikeout " seventy-five" and insert "nine-
ty-five;" and in line five hundred and ten to
strike out "$320,660" and insert "$392-
060;'" so as to make the clause read:
For Commissioner of Internal Revenue, t@,©Q0;
