1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
deputy commissioner, $3,500; two deputy commis-
sioners, at 83,000 each; seven heads of divisions, at
$2,500 each; thirty-four clerks of class four, forty-
eight clerks of class three, fifty-two clerks of class
two,.thirty-eight clerks of class one, ninety-five
copyists, five messengers, three assistantmessengers,
and fifteen laborers; in all, J392,060.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. Before the Clerk goes further
in reading the amendments I wish to offer one
not printed. The Committee on Appropria-
tions have instructed me to move to strike out
the paragraph comprised between the five hun-
dred and eleventh and five hundred and eight-
eenth lines, both inclusive. The reason for it
is that that is the only case where provision
of the kind is made providing compensation
for an officer of inferior grade performing the
duties of one of higher grade. The committee
, are of opinion that all persons performing ser
vices of a higher officer when the office above
them is vacant should be paid, or none. This
being the only exception, it is concluded best
to leave it to be provided for by some special
law, and the committee therefore recommend
that the paragraph be stricken out.
The VICE PliESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the paragraph which the committee
move to strike out.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and is
hereby, authorized and instructed to pay to John
W. Douglas, late acting Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, such an amount in addition to the salary
received by him during the months of November
and Deecmber, 1870,. as shall make the total com-
pensation to him for those months equal to that
which would have been payable by law to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, to strike out this paragraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations to propose an amend-
ment to the paragraph commencing on line
five hundred and thirty-two, to strike out lines
five hundred and thirty-two, five hundred and
thirty-three, five hundred and thirty-four, and
five hundred and thirty-five, in the following
words:
For chief clerk of the Light-IIouse Board, 62,000;
one clerk of class three, one clerk of class two, one
clerk of class one, one messenger, and one laborer:
in all, $7,700.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For chief clerk of the Light-House Board, $2,000;
onccicrk of class four, two clerks of class three, one
clcrk oi class two, one clerk of class one, one female
ono messenger, and one laborer: in all
&ll,ob0. '
The addition to the force specified in the
text is one clerk of class four, one clerk of
class three, and one female copyist.
The amendment was agreed to.
.Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the next amendment in order in the
text of the bill.
I he next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was, in line five hundred and
tmrty-six, to strike out the word "Director"
before the words " of the Bureau of Statistics''
and insert the words "the officer in charge."
The amendment was agreed to.
ihe next amendment was in the clause mak-
ing appropriations for postage, books, news-
papers, &c., of the Treasury Department, in
line five hundred and fifty-six, to insert the
words "not herein otherwise provided for-"
so as to read : '
Tor postage, books, newspapers, arranging and
binding canceled marine nnpors, sealing shins' regis-
ters, care of horses lor mail and office wagon, repairs
oi wagons and harness, washing towels, investigation
01 accounted records, and the other miscellaneous
items required for the current a.nd ordinary business
(■ not herein otherwise provided
10 r, stoo.UUU '
The amendment was agreed to.
I?ext amendment was under the head
S -^dependent Treasury," in line five hun-
dred ana seventy-three, after the words " dep-
uty Assistant Treasurer," to insert" $3,000;"
and in line five hundred and seventy five to
insert after the word "porter" "§127,088;"
so as to make the clause read:
Office of the Assistant Treasurer at New York :
For Assistant Treasurer. $8.000; for deputy Assist-
ant Treasurer, $3,000; chiefs of division, tellers, regis-
ters, clerks, book-keepers, messengers, keeper of
building, watchmen, engineer, detectives, and porter,
$127,088; in all, $138,088.
Mr. COLE. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House came
to me and left a statement which he had
signed, stating that by some oversight that
sum for deputy Assistant Treasurer was put
at $3,000, when it should be $3,600.
The. VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the amendment of the committee
will be amended so as to read $3,600; and
the amendment in that shape agreed to, and
the footings will have to be changed accord-
ingly.
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir, by adding $600, and
making the total amount $128,638.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Th# amend-
ment will be considered as agreed to in that
form.
The next amendment was in the clause
making appropriations for the branch mint
at Carson City, in line seven hundred and
nine, to strike out the word "'chief" before
the word "coiner," and in line seven hundred
and ten.to strike out " chief" before "coiner."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.. COLE. On page 29, line six hundred
and ninety-four,.I wish to change some figures,
not to alter the amount but to change the
places. The item "for wages of workmen"
should be $68,000 instead of $40,000; and in
the following line the amount "for incidental
and contingent expenses " should be $32,000
instead of $50,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Making the same
amount, but changing the items?
Mr. COLE. That is all.
The. VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, these changes will be made. The
Chair hears no objection.
The next, amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in the acpropriations for
the Territory of.Utah, to insert after line seven
hundred and eighty-one "for compensation
and mileage of the members of the Legisla-
tive Assembly, officers, clerks, and contino-ent,
expenses, $20,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
. The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the Interior Department, line eight
hundred and four, after the words "chief
clerk," to. strike out the words "superintend-
ent of building, at $2,500," and insert "who
shall receive $300 additional for acting as
superintendent of the.building."
Mr. COLE. I am directed by the committee
to oiler an amendment in the place of that; to
strike out all that has been read, then to strike
out " four" before the words " clerks of class
four,' and insert "five;" and also to insert
" one of whom may be designated-by the Sec-
retary to act as superintendent of the building,
who shall receive $200 additional compensa-
tion per annum ;" so as to make it read :
For compensation of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, chief clerk,.five clerks of class four, one of
whom may bo designated by the Secretary to act as
®onnerjni-e.? ^ of tile building, who shall receive
MM additional compensation pernnnum; additional
to three disbursing clerks; three clerks of class three:
four clerks of class two, and one clerk of class one ;
$™umesjcR?er:, V™ assistantmessengers, at $720
eacb; and three laborers m his office.
The amendment was agreed to.
. COLE. Now, after the word "office,"
in line eight hundred and eleven, I propose to
insert the following:
■ A.n;J the Secretary of the Interior is hereby author-
in t of,thcfourth class from bureaus
nt Vh Department as heads of division in the office
1,eTlaryi oaso of B"0h details such
r\ehf>,> ? paid saw additional compensation
each per annum while so detailed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT, Should not the
footings be changed in that paragraph? Has
the Senator from California the amounts ?
Mr. COLE. I am not certain as to that
exactly. I thought they were embodied in the
amendment I just offered. If not, I shall have
to make a calculation and see how the figures
should stand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will make the proper correction if it be under-
stood that he may do so.
Mr. COLE. It is a matter depending on
addition entirely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proper cor-
rection will be made by the Secretary after he
has added up the amounts appropriated by the
paragraph as amended.
Mr. COLE. In line eight hundred and
twenty-nine, the committee have directed me
to move to strike out "thirteen" and insert
"eighteen;" so that the clause will read :
For fuel, light, and salary of the engineer, at
$1,400, and repairs of the heating apparatus, $18,200.
This or a larger sum has been the appro-
priation annually for the last six or eight
years. It is impossible for the Interior De-
partment to heat the building and light it with
the amount named in the bill as it came from
the House; and therefore the committee pro-
pose this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the next reported amendment.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in the appropriations for
the Pension Office, in line eight hundred and
seventy-five, to strike out "seventy-eight"
before the words "clerks of class one" and
insert "seventy;" in line eight hundred and
seventy-six, to strike out " sixteen " before
"female" and insert "nine:" and in line
eight hundred and seventy-nine, to strike out
"$343,800" and insert "$327,900;" so as to
read:
For compensation of Commissioner of Pens-onsv
chief clork, twenty-two clerks of class four, forty-
eight clerks of class three, seventy-six clerks of class
two, seventy clerks of class one; nine female copy-
ists, at$900 each; one messenger: five assistant mes-
sengers, at Si20 each; and five laborers m his office;
in all, $32i,900.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was under the same
heading, in line eight hundred and eitrhty-five.
to strike out " S50.000" and insert' • SiO.OOO
so as to make the clause read :
For stationery, engraving, and retouching id.iu-<
for bounty land warrants, printing and binding
tiie same, oitice fnrmhire anrl repairing the ^
and miscellaneous items, including two daily n'ew>-
P^yers, to be filed, bound, and preserved for the tjso
fraud °4i>00fl for detection and investigation of
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was under the head
of "United States Patent Office," in line
eight hundred and ninety-seven, after the
word "librarian'.' to strike out " $2,000" and
iusert .v>l,S()0;'' so as to make the salary*
of the librarian $1,800.
Mr. COLE. I hope that amendment will be
disagreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in line eight hun-
dred and mnety-nine, to reduce the number of
clerks of class three in the Patent Office fiom
"eight" to "six."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines nine hun-
dred and one and nine hundred and two, to
change the total amount of the appropriations
{ Pat0Kt Office from "8300,700" to
' b-£U< ,o0Q.''
c.9¥j' J-'lie amount should be
b29(.u00, instead ot S2U7.300.
PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
J he amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. ILLEI. I will inquire of the Sen
ator from California as to the propriety of the
amendment in line eight hundred and ninety*
