1718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
be paid for by the Stateof Illinois, unless they may
servo without pay, and that saideommissdoners sba.ll
report their acts fully to the President for approval;
■with also a full statement ot the application of the
expenditure hereby appropriated,
Mr. LYFCH. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman that he make his amendment appli-
cable to all the States.
Mr. CREBS. I will say that the State of
Illinois has already made an appropriation for
this purpose.
The question was taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected—ayes seven, noes not
counted."
Mr. DAWES. Before insisting on ray motion
to suspend the rules and pass the bill, I will
yield for a moment to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers,] who desires to
have an amendment read.
Mr. MVJiltS. in behalf of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, I offer the amendment
which I send to the Clerk's desk, to come in
as a new section at the end of the bill. It will
commend itself to the unanimous approval of
the House.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows :
Sice. 6. And be it further enacted. That there be
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum ot $17,501) tor the
salaiy of tile envov extraordinary and minister pleni-
potentiary. nnd^.ouO for the falary of tho secre-
tary, and S1.SU0 for that of an assistant secretary of
legation to the empire of ]lu<sia; and when tho
appointments hereby appiopriatod for have been
made, all other appropriations for tho present mis-
sion to St. Petersburg shall be disconticued.
Mr. DAWKS. I will state the reason why
I cannot admit that amendment.
Mr. BDRCIIiVUD. Is the amendment in
order pending a motion to suspend the rules ?
Tlie SPEAKER. That depends on whether
the gentleman from Massachusetts withdraws
his motion temporarily to admit the amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. I will state why I cannot,
admit thatamendmont. It does not come from
tho State Department, which has charge of
the whole diplomatic service, and nothing has
transpired in reference to the Russian mission
ior the last ten years that would justify a change
of this character. I therefoie insist oil my
motion.
Mr. Ml EUS. The object- of th e amendment
is to place the mission to Russia on a par with
that, to England and that to Franco', and unless
the gentleman will admit, tho amendment, I
hope the House will vote down his proposition.
Mr. KUHjEU, of Massachusetts. I desire
to offer a verbal amendment to the fifth sec-
tion. It is to strike out the word "authorize"
in line eight, and insert in lieu thereof •' appro-
priated for;" and also to strike out the words
which provide that the mission to Prussia shall
be discontinued.
Mr. ,JODD. If the gentleman will allow
me, l desire to say 
J he SPEAK Ell. Thegentlemnn from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is on the floor, and
the Chair desires that he will state his motion.
Mr. DAWES. My motion is to suspend the
rules and pass the bill The phraseology sug-
gested by my colleague is a'departure from the
statutes in various instances.
Mr. COX. 1 call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. FAUNS WORT II. I would ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
whether the point of order does not lie against
the concluding section of the bill?
Mr. DAWES. 1 admit that the point of
order lies against the section, but I move to
suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. And the suspension of
the rules carries the point, of order with it.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 call for the veas and nays
on the proposition to suspend the rules.
1 he SPiiA KB 11. Does the gentleman call
for the yeas and nays before having a division !
Mr. iiOLMAN. Yes; I demand the yeas
and nays in the first instance.
Mr. DAWES. As I have stated, all that
remains of the bill nosv to he passed upoa are
the appropriations for light-houses and those
other two sections—the one as to refunding
duties, and the other raising the German
mission.
The SPEAKER. Several members seem
to have somewhat misunderstood the motion.
The Chair understands the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to move that the
rules be suspended and that the House agree
to the remaining sections of the bill, and that
he will afterward allow the bill, as a whole, to
be voted upon.
Mr, DAWES. Certainly.
I he SPEAKER. The motion was not
framed in that way.
Mr. DAWES. I desire simply this: so to
suspend the rules as to pass all the sections,
leaving the House an opportunity then of
passing finally on the whole bill.
The SPEAKER. That leaves the question
of ordering the bill to be engrossed and read
a third time to be decided by a majority vote.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] a question.
Mr. DAWKS. Ashortone? Yes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would ask
the gentleman if he is not willing to allow an
amendment to be made to the fifth section of
this bill, which grants to the Secretary of the
Treasury an absolute dispensing power over
all the revenues of the United States from
.tanli's or otherwise? •
Mr. DAWES. It does not do any such
thing.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. He may refund
whenever he may think it best.
Mr. DAWES. It is the existing law, the
law of the land, which authorizes him refund.
Mr. G ARBTELD, of Ohio. If it is the law
of the laud, then why put it in this "bill?
Mr. DAWES. The law of the land requires
the Secretary of tho Treasury to pay back all
the duties collected upon goods after a certain
day fixed in the tariff act. That is now the
law of the land, and this section only provides
the funds to enable the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pav these duties back.
Mr. MYEllS. 1 desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
'Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. MYERS. If this present motion pre-
vails, will it then be in order for me to move
to add another section?
The SPEAKER.. 'The Chair will state the
course of action of the House under the motion
as now submitted by the gentleman fiom Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] The consideration
of this bill has been completed up to and in-
cluding line one hundred and seventy-three,
on page 43 of the printed bill. The gentleman
from Massachusetts now moves that the rules
be suspended, so as to agree to the remainder
of the bill. Should the House second the gen-
tleman in that motion, the question will then
be, Will the House now order this bill to be
engrossed and read a third time?" which ques-
tion will be within the control of a majority
of the House. The motion to suspend the
rules applies only to the portion of the bill
now remaining unconsidered.
Mr. POTTER. Will the gentleman allow
me to offer an amendment, to restore tho light-
ship where theScotland was wrecked off Sandy
Hook ?
Mr. DAWES. It can be put on in the Sen-
ale, if necessary.
The question was then taken on the motion
of Mr. Dawes; and, upon a division, there
were—ayes 114, noes 51; two thirds voting in
the affirmative.
Before the result, of the vote was announced,
Mr. BOUCHARD called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. COX. Let the yeas and nays be taken
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist upon the yeas ;
and nays on this motion. |
The question was taken upon ordering the i
yeas and nays; and, upon a division, there
were—ayes 23, noes 117 ; not one fifth voting
in the affirmative.
Before the lesult of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering tellers;
and there were twenty-two in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were accordingly not
ordered.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and
the remainder of the bill agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. 1 call the previous question
on the engrossment and third reading of this
bill.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts if he will permit me to
make a motion to recommit this bill to the
Committee on Appioprlations with instructions
to strike out ail new works provided for in
this bill.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield for that
motion.
Mr. JUDD. I desire that the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes]
should place himself distinctly upon the record
as standing in favor of these new works, and
not charge them upon the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. They have all been adopted
by a two-thirds vote of this House.
The SPEAKER. This bill has now passed
from consideration as in Committee of the
Whole, and the gentleman from Massachusetts
[ Mr. Dawes] calls the previous question upon
its engrossment, and passage.
. Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
Mr. COX and Mr. ELDRIDGE called for
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays; and they were ordered, there being
thirty-lour in the affirmative.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the aflirmative—yeas 115, nays 71, not voting
54; as follows:
X GAS—-Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Ames, "
Arciier, Arnell, Aspor, Bailey. Barnum, Beatty, Ben-
ton,_ Bethune, Biggs, Bird, Booker. James -Brooks,
Ij'iiinUon. Burchrivd. """
(Je
Co
Culloin,
j>0x
Fish ,        
Uamili, Harris. U.Hvkins.Itav. lionr, Molinan, .huldi
•Julian, Kerr, lyetcham, Lalhn, Lawrence, Lewis,
Jjosan, Loire, Miniums, Marjdia.il, McCarthy, Mc-
Cor in ick, MoCrary, JYlcWrew, MoNeciy, Mcrcur, Jc^o
H. Moore, Morgan, Orth, Packard, Packcr,
William W. 1 <iiuo, Perec, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter,
Price, Raincy, Reeves, Rice, Sohum,ikui, Shanks,
Porter Sheldon, Sncrrod, Shobcr, Sloeum, John
A. Smith, btarkweathcr, Stevens, Stiles, Stokes.
iHoin, Darralt, l)iwes, Degener, Joseph J>ixon,
>x, Duke, Fla, Eldridgc, Parnsworth, Fernss,
sher, 1 ox, Garfield, Uetz, lI.iMenion, Uambieton,
}Z1',Halns\ ^r°^n Wilson, Winchester, Witcher,
w cif, and Young—115.
NAY S-Me-Nsrs. Ativood, Axtcl], Ay or, Barry, Bea-
man, Leek, Loles, Ueorge M. Brooks, Buck, Burdctt,
Roderick R. Butler, Calkm, Co burn, Conger, Conner,
UiCKpy, Nathan J. Dixon, l>ver, Ferry, Pmkeln-
burg, Haigat. Hale, Jiawley, Hill, Holmes, Hooper,
•J enckes, J ohnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kelley, Kel-
logx, Kulsey, Knapp, Lynch, Mayham, Mavnard
M'-ivcnzio, William Moore, Mvcre, Negley, o"'Nei!l,
Ha.bert E. Paine, Palmer, Peck, Peters, Phelps,
Plutt, Poland, Prosser, Randall, lioots, Sargent,
Sawyer, Seoiield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Joseph S.
Smith, William J. Smith, Worthin-jfon C. Smith
Stevenson. Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Taylor, Tum-
ble, Iwieholl. Van Uorn.Waiiace, William B. Wash-
burn, Well* ™r-n--  1
son
7 s. . i"Y -r r , * iV ' wu, UlUtlHl, lTJJilJ-
ian, Griswoid, Hamilton, llavs, Jlefim, Hoge, Ilotch-
Kim. Ineersoil Alexander II. Jones, Knott. L.isb,
i-miRlini ge, Mctce, ililnes, Iiiiakim II. Moure,
Morey, iJ.imel J. Worrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Mor-
ri5->e> Mungen, iNew.-ham, Nibhtek, Rogers, San-
f-'ni. ferono Swpent'^ \ an Wj-ok. Voorhees, Ward,
U heeler, \Vhiteley, Wimmore, Winans, Wood, and
wooU\vard~di.
So the bill was laid on the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. DA WES said: For the purpose of mov-
