1720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
certain entries of public land in Louisiana,
asked to be discharged from its farther consid-
eration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John C. Beales,
Maria D. S. Beales, and Anita Exter, praying
the confirmation of title to them of certain
grants of land in the State of Texas and Ter-
ritories of Colorado and New Mexico, known
as the Arkansas, Rio Grande, and Colorado
grants, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Ethan A. Clark
and Samuel Ward Clarke, praying that warrants
he issued to them for land in the public domain
in lieu of a certain tract of land in the State of
Florida confirmed to thorn by act of Congress
of July 4, 18G8, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary E. Sacia,
praying that a patent be issued to her for cer-
tain lauds in the State of Iowa, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 690) for the relief
of John A. Sutter, reported adversely thereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Sejiate bill No.
1131, to provide for the sale of certain lots
and lands in South Carolina belonging to the
United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. RAMSEY'. I have morning business
to present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
morning business the Senator from South Car-
olina asks unanimous consent to take up the
bill indicated by him.
Mi*. BAYARD. I object.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to say one
word upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware objects.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post, Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1845) to provide for additional
mail service to Brazil out of increased import-
ations of coffee by mail steamers, have in-
structed me to report it back, and to say that,
■while they approve the increased service and
consider it most valuable to the commerce and
postal service of the country, yet, because of
certain new provisions in the bill in regard to
customs duties, they ask that it may be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Appropri-
ations, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 28G0) making appropriations for the con-
struction, preservation, and repair of certain
fortifications and other works of defense, have
directed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and to ask for its immediate consider-
ation. It is a short bill, and will take but a
few moments ; 1 presume no longer than will
be necessary to read it.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the consideration
of the bill reported by the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill must, go upon the Calendar.
Mr. COliBETT. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to report back the
bill (S. No. 1380) to promote the construction
of the Cincinnati and Southern railway, which
was recommitted to that committee a few days
ago.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to have an
understanding with the honorable Senator
who reported that bill, and with the Senators
who support it, that it is not to be taken up
this week. Jf the honorable Senator will agree
to such an understanding, I shall be obliged
to him.
Mr. CORBETT. I can make no agreement
with regard to it. I presume the appropria-
tion bills will consume the most of the week;
The Committee on Commerce have no dispo-
sition to press this bill to the exclusion of the
appropriation bills.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] will give his attention to this
matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that the Com-
mittee on Commerce have reported back the
Cincinnati and Southern railway bill, which
has been placed on the Calendar; and the
Senator from Kentucky desires that it shall
not be taken up during the remainder of this
session. It is not now before the Senate. It
has gone on the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather it should
go on the •Calendar. I will confer with my
friend from Kentucky on the subject.
Mr. V1CKERS. As a minority of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, I dissent from the re-
port that has been made by the Senator from
Oregon, on the ground of the unconstitution-
ality of the bill, and also of its inexpediency.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 3048) to authorize the estab-
lishment of certain free public highways in the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2978) to amend
section five of the general incorporation law
of the District of Columbia in relation to ceme-
teries, reported it without amendment.
Mr. McCREERY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (II.
11. No. 228D) granting a pension to Adelaide
Dodenhof, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which faas agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee
on Patents, to whom was recommitted the bill
(II. R. No. 1492) for the relief of John Young,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its in-
definite postponement; which was agreed to.
RED SUVKlt AND SANTA I'jiii RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up Senate bill
No. 1287. I have made two appeals hereto
fore to have this bill taken up. I have had
nothing of the kind granted to me during this
session. Senators all know that I have not
been troublesome. This bill asks for no sub-
sidy. It can be disposed of very readily. It
has been nearly all read, and I should be very
much gratified, indeed, to have it put on its
passage now.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The introduc-
tion of bills and joint resolutions being in
order at this time, the Senator from Texas
asks the unanimous consent of the Senate
that it proceed to the consideration of the
bill named by him, ten pages of which were
read a few days since, and seven pages remain
to be read.
Mr. CORBETT. I make no objection if I
am allowed to offer a resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
bills and joint resolutions to be introduced,
Senate resolutions are now in order, and the
Chair will receive the resolution of the Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Then I give notice that
I shall renew my request at the first oppor-
tunity.
INDIAN WAR CLAIMS IN OREGON.
Mr. CORBETT submitted the following,
which was considered, by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish to ihc Senate at the next ses-
sion of Congress a list of all claims that may be on
fiio in tho otiiee of tho Third Auditor, incurred in
the suppression of Indian hostilities in Oregon and
Washington Territories, reported upou by the com-
mission authorized in section eleven of an act
making appropriations for certain civil expenses
of the Government for the year,ending the 30th
of June. 1857, approved August 18, 1856, and not
reported upon by the Third Auditor, and how much,
if anything, each claimant will be justly entitled to
if paid at the same rates allowed for similar services
and supplies under the act of March 2,1881.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, submitted the
following resolution ; which was referred to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed Swo thousand
extra copies of the report of the superintendent of
the Onited States Coast Survey for 1870, of which ono
thousand copies shall be tor the use of the Senate
and one thousand conies shall be for distribution by
the superintendent of tho Coast Survey.
COMPENSATION 01? GEORGIA SENATORS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up for
consideration tho resolution offered tho other
day in regard to the pay of the Georgia Sen-
ators. That ought to be disposed of.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolu-
tion, submitted by Mr. Trumbull on the 25th
instant;
Resolved, That the Secretary of tho Senate be
directed to pay to the Senators from the State of
Georgia the compensation allowed by law from the
29th day of July, 1868; and to 11. P. Farrow and
iticrard H. Whitfley, contestants from the State
oi Georgia, compensation from the 16th day of Febru-
ary, 1870, the date of their election by tiio reorgan-
ized Legislature ot Georgia., to the 30th day of Jan-
uary, 1871, when the Senate decided they were not
entitled to seats.
The resolution was agreed to.
charles cooper and others.
Mr. THURMAN. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was recommitted the bill
(II. R. No. 2936) for the relief of Charles
Cooper, Goshorn A. Jones, Jerome Rowley,
William Hannegan, and John Hannegan, have
directed me to report it back with a recom-
mendation that it pass, and I ask that it be
considered now.
Mr. WILSON. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will not object. This bill has
passed twice.
Mr. THURMAN. I trust the Senator from
Massachusetts will withdraw his objection.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; I withdraw it.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 2986)
for the relief of Charles Cooper, Goshorn A.
Jones, Jerome Rowley, William Hannegan,
and John Hannegan. It proposes to release
Charles Cooper, Goshorn A. Jones, Jerome
Rowley, William Hannegan, and John Hanne-
gan from all libaility to the United States,
under and by reason of their bond executed
thereto, to secure the faithful performance by
William and John Hannegan of their contract
with the Government ofthe United States for
the improvement of the Des Moines rapids of
the Mississippi river, in the State of Iowa, and
'to discontinue the act-ion of law now pending
in the circuit court ofthe United States for the
sixth circuit and northern district of Ohio to
enforce the bond, at the cost ofthe defendants.
Mr. POMEROY. W,hat is the bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that this is a bill which was previously vetoed
by the President, and has since been passed
by the House of ilepseseutatives in a different
shape to obviate the objection ofthe President.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill obviates the
objection entirely.
Mr. I'OMEROY. I should like to know
what the bill is. Is it a bill to relieve dis ■
abilities?
Mr. THURMAN. I can state in a word
what it is. These persons were sureties on the
bond of some contractors for work to be
done on the Des Moines rapids of the Mi?iis-
sippi- The contractors very nearly completed
the work, and expended very much more than
the price they were to receive for it. They
made a very bad bargain. In fact, they were
under a misapprehension as to the state of
the river, which induced them to bid too low.
The Government .reserved fifteen per cent.
