282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
unfortunately deemed it their duty eventually
to put them in practice. Should not these
recollections, gentlemen of New England, in-
spire you with more generous emotions to the
brave men who with their fortunes, arms, and
lives put to the practical test that which your
own fathers believed and taught ? You must
concede to them truth, courage, and honest
convictions, elso not claim those high attributes
for yourselves. To risk all and die, or be will-
ing to die for a cause believed to be just, is the
highest evidence of noble, intellectual man-
hood. Were not these men of equally high
inheritance of blood, treasure, and character
as yourselves? Have not their fathers, and
they themselves, many of them, in the field
ami in the council illustrated the courage
and daring, the genius and patriotism of your
common country? How many proud names
among them have you yourselves in days past
delighted to honor! How have they thrilled
your ears by their eloquence, or ennobled your
hearts by their valor! What prodigies of hero-
ism have they not performed in the great strug-
gle in which you conquered; establishing a
powerful cle facto Government, as it were, in
a day, sending out a little navy which terrified
the seas, suddenly raising great armies for
their defense, and carrying on a war of four
years which, for spirit, strategy, endurance,
and deeds of glory 011 their part, as well as
your own, may challenge the admiration and
emulation of the world. To admit that they
were not bold and sagacious in council and
fearless and persistent in battle would be to
disparage the fame of our own great actors in
the struggle. If you would dare belittle a Lee
and a Stonewall Jackson you would dim the
oscutcheon of a Grant and a Sherman.
But the war is ended, the experiment fought
out., secession dead, and the Union cemented
in brothers' blood. Can you not appropriate
the fame of these fallen heroes to increase the
strength and splendor of the Union? Can you
not rise to thegraudeur of forgiveness and per-
fect amnesty to their sons and followers and
all the survivors of this dreadful intestine war?
Suppose, for a moment, that they had been the
victors; can you imagine yourselves suppli-
ants for pardon and amnesty, and they requir-
ing you to humble yourselves at their feet and
kiss the rod that smote you? But in the glory
.of triumph, rick iu treasure, mighty in power,
and 011 the high tido of boundless fortune, can
you longer oppress and ostracize men of your
own race who would be your brothers and build
up your renown? They are men like your-
selves; and if you expect them to acknowledge
themselves traitors and felons, and come with
suppliant knee and penitential reverence, if
you expect them to ignore the credit of their
great struggle to themselves, their surviving,
brethren, or their dead chieftains, and cease"
to praise the valor and lament the loss in free-
dom's battle of their fathers, sons, and broth-
ers, ysu will be mistaken. You might as well
expect the waters of the Potomac to roll back
to the mountains, or carry the mountains to
the sea. No; you may put their heads on the
block, their bodies on the scaffold, or pluck
their hearts from their bosoms, but you cannot
make them forget their pride of race and man-
hood. Neither can they forget the achieve-
ments of their heroes or the lields of their
glory. No, Mr. Speaker and gentlemen, treat
them like men, make them your friends by an
act of perfect amnesty and grace, which shall
be moie beneficent in its iuiluenee than all
your deeds of arms. Let them no longer pine
in alienage and oppression. Give them not
reason to exclaim: •
" But 'tis past, and tho' blazoned ill story
The name of our victors may be,
Accurs'd is the march of that glory
Which treads o'er the hearts of tho free."
Mr. Speaker, the opportunity of tho Ameri-
can Congress to restore a great brotherhood,
to lift up and lighten heavy hearts, to reunite
forty millions of people in interests, affection,
and joint efforts to promote the well-regulated
liberty, the greatness and grandeur of our com-
mon country, is at hand and invites our em-
brace. Let us not longer pause, but act prompt-
ly and consummate the benign achievement.
Believe me, it will do more to bring loyalty
and union than would a million of men in arms.
Let us put aside force, and appeal onee more to
the reason, affection, and patriotism of men.
But, sir, if we longer grope in the darkness of
passion and prejudice, and sin in the face of
history, knowledge, wisdom, and Christianity,
we may estrange noble hearts that would warm
to us, and even those we consider now our own.
Endurance of inequality and oppression can-
not last forever; and it may be when other rebel-
lions shall come, other wars desolate the land,
we may realize and repent, when too late, the
poetic Irish aspiration to liberty which should
be a lesson and an anthem throughout the
world:
"True loyalty springs from a people's consent.
Tho knee that is forced hadbeeu better unbent."
Mr. PORTER. Mr. Speaker, I desire at
this time briefly to present my views in relation
to the subject of amnesty. Wo have heard
much during the discussion that has taken
place upon the amnesty bill reported from the
Committee on Reconstruction in regard to the
importance and the propriety of what gentle-
men are pleased to call ''forgiveness," on the
part of the loyal people of this country rep-
resented in Congress, toward those who have
been engaged in rebellion.
Sir, as 1 understand it, the disabilities im-
posed by the fourteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution of the United States were
imposed for the purpose of protecting the loyal
people of this country; and whenever the
party which imposed them comes to the con-
clusion that the safety of the loyal people will
admit of the removal of those disabilities, then
they will and ought to be removed. In other
words, while the imposing of disabilities was
a matter^ of principle, the question of their
removal is simply a question of expediency,
depending upon the opinion of the party im-
posing them whether the loyal people will be
adequately protected if they are removed.
Now, sir, to what state of facts are all these
appeals directed in behalf of forgiveness? By
the way, one would almost suppose, after listen-
ing to this debate, that the loyal people of this
country had been guilty of high crimes, mis-
demeanors, and wrongs for which it was their
duty to ask forgiveness. We constantly hear
appeals to us to forgive, but we scarcely ever
hear au appeal to this element in the South
which draggled this land with blood to keep
its hand ot violence and outrage off the per-
sons of loyal people, off men whose persons,
! if that flag [pointing to the national emblem
over tho Speaker's chair] signifies anything
ought to be sacred wherever that flag may
wave.
I again ask what is the state of facts in
behalf of which this appeal for forgiveness is
constantly pressed? Simply this: a few men,
comparatively, havebeen excluded underapro-
visiou of the Constitution from holding office.
No man has been denied the right to vote,
110 man's property has been affected, 110 man's
liberty has been infringed or is being infringed
under the operation of constitutional or stat-
utory law.
The whole question, therefore, comes to this:
that there are some men, bearing a very small
proportion to the entire population oftlie coun-
try, who are denied the right to feed at the
public crib for the time being; and all this
noise, all this elamor, is made so that the doors
may be opened, and these men may euter and
become again the high priests of the Demo-
cratic party, as in former days.
Now, why are these men excluded from hold-
ing office? Because they participated in the
rebellion? No. Because, in addition to par-
ticipating in the rebellion, they also held office
either under the Federal Government or under
a State government ? No. They are excluded
from holding office only when, in addition to
these two concuiring circumstances, they also,
as such officers, took an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States and after-
ward violated that oath by entering into the
rebellion.
We are constantly told that five years have
passed away since'the red waves of war closed
over the land, and gentlemen exclaim pathet-
ically, why not forgive? Gentlemen seem to
ignore the fact that it is now less than two and
•a half years since the fourteenth article of
amendments became apart of the Constitutiou
of the United States. Previous to that time
there were no disabilities except those pre-
scribed by the act of 1862. And now, in less
than two and a half years since this provision
became part of the organic law, we are asked
to tear it out and to remove every disability
imposed by it, before it has been scarcely tried
even as an experiment.
Now, some gentleman upon the Republican
side have endeavored to persuade the House
that it would be beneficial to the Republican
party, in a mere party view, to remove these
disabilities. It has been said that it would only
increase the number of office-seekers in the
Democratic party. I do not understand that
the increasing the number of office-seekers in
the Democratic party will be a benefit to the
Republican party, for they always unite on the
"regular nominations." On the other hand, I
understand that when these men are excluded,
and justly excluded, from holding office, they
do not take that interest in politics which they
would take were their disabilities removed.
And to that extent-it is a benefit to the Re-
publican party and an injury to the Democratic
party. But 1 do not propose to oppose or
uphold any measure on merely party grounds.
I simply entered into that line of discussion
because some of our friends have made them-
selves believe, and endeavored to persuade
the House, that it would bo beneficial to our
party to increase the strength of the Demo-
cratic party.
The Republican party of the State of Vir-
ginia, as represented in conference in April
last, adopted a series of resolutions. One of
these resolutions is in these words:
"Mesolved, That the fifteenth amendment having
become a part of the Constitution of the United
States, whereby universal suffrage is secured to tho
masses of our peopie, we declare in favor of universal
amnesty, subject, ot course, to tho legislation ol Con-
gress."
I am enabled to repeat that plunk of the
platform from memory, because I happened to
be the author of it. The resolution evidently
means that the fifteenth amendment having be-
come a part of the organic law, it was taken
for granted that the Democratic party of Vir-
ginia would carry it out in good faith ; and
when it shall be carried out in good faith, when
all political rights shall be enjoyed by the class
of citizens for whom that provision was de-
signed, and not till then, will the time arrive for
universal amnesty. So charitable was the con-
ference that they were willing to believe in ad-
vance that the Democratic party would carry
out that part of the Federal Constitution. But
we find that they have not done so. We find
that iu the election held in the city of Rich-
mond during last month, when the polls closed
there were at one or two of the heavy Repub-
lican precincts in that city three or four hun-
dred Republicans standing in line, who had
been standing there from the rising of the sun,
waiting for au opportunity to put into the bal-
lot-box the Republican ballots which they held
in their hands. And the fact that the Almighty
had seen fit to bring them iuto this world with a
colored skin, and that, as American citizens,
they saw tit to unite their fortunes with the
Republican party of the country, was the sole
reason they were excluded from exercising the
right of suffrage guarantied by the fifteenth
amendment and by the constitution of the Stale
of Virginia.
