1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
And will gentlemen on our side of the House
babble about universal amnesty when there is
no amnesty for the loyal men of this country?
May they not better show their wisdom and
their statesmanship by taking care of and pro-
tecting the men who upheld the honor of this
country in its hour of peril, instead of marching
so rapidly to cover with the mantle of amnesty
the men who tried to overthrow the Govern-
ment? Take care of your friends first and your
enemies afterward!
Now, let me call the attention of the House
to another great fact. By the constitution of
Virginia every man who is entitled to vote and
hold office is eligible to serve as a juror; and
when the question of the admission of the
State to representation came before Congress
in January last, the leaders of the Conserva-
tive or Democratic party in Virginia gave
their pledge to Congress in every possible way,
through legislative committees, through repre-
sentative men, through newspaper organs, that
if Congress would only admit the Slate to rep-
resentation without that horrid (?) condition,
the oath of loyalty, (in other words, the test-
oath,) the constitution, and especially the jury
clause, should be executed in letter and in spirit.
To-day I bring that party before the bar of
American public opinion and say that these
pledges have not been carried out; on the
contrary, they have been trampled in the dust
every day and every hour. I say, in Virginia,
notwithstanding the provision of the consti-
tution, that from the j'ock-ribbed sides of the
Blue Ridge mountains to the rolling waters of
the Atlantic colored men are denied admis-
sion to the jury-box. This is no trifling matter.
The colored population of Virginia is six hun-
dred thousand strong; and ontiie election rolls
there are one hundred and twenty thousand of
them ; and almost universally, with only here
and there an exception, they stand by that party
which saved this country, and which to-day is
endeavoring to save the fruits of our great
struggle, They are made voters by the Con-
stitution of the United States as well as by the
State constitution; and under the constitution
el' Virginia they are eligible to serve as jurors
and to enjoy all other civil and political rights.
Yet the Democratic party in power in Virginia,
which pledged itself to the faithful execution
of that constitution, and for the faithful per-
fotmance of which many Republicans on this
fijor vouched, do to-day exclude these men
iiom the jury box, and makes no provision for
their educational interests! The homestead
provision of the constitution, which is designed
lo assist the poorer classes ill their battle of
life, is being nullified by the Conservative
party of the State, who enjoy their power by
viitue of the action taken by Congress, who
were misled by the misinformation and mis-
representations made to them.
[ put. it to the intelligence and the justice
of illG Republican majority of this Congress
vhetlier this cry for amnesty to rebels should
not cease until the constitution of Virginia
jlin.ll be earned oat. and colored American
t shall enjoy their full and perfect rights?
]: is true they v.ill tell you that the Legis-
i:ii iiie makes no distinction, but it is ne\er-
theiess true that the whole machinery of the
State government is in their hands, and that
these outrages upon political and civil rights
are being constantly committed. And this is
one of the reasons why I do not act in accord
on this question with the other Republican
members of the Virginia delegation.
Mr. Speaker, when the Virginia April confer-
ence said universal amnesty they meant uni-
versal suffrage too. When they said political
privileges for those who had endeavored to
destroy the country and pull down the pillars
oi' our liberties they meant, and 'very just and
reasonable man ought to mean the same thing,
the security of the rights of loyal men too,
whether their rights were infringed throughout
the whole ccuntiv or impaired in only a single
Suite even. We intended that the security of
these rights must be an existing condition, if
not a condition-precedent to the granting of
amnesty to the other clement.
I shall shortly after the recess call the at-
tention of the House to the existing state of
things in Virginia; and shall endeavor to show
how reconstruction has been managed, or rather
mismanaged in that State. After presenting
the facts and the argument, I shall then call
upon this House to apply the proper remedy,
so that the men who stood for our country, first
by their prayers, and by assisting our weary,
foot-sore prisoners on the way toward the north
star in their escape from rebel dungeons, and
as soon as the fastidiousness of the Govern-
ment would allow, buckled on their armor, two
hundred thousand of them, only asking the
privilege to fight, and, if needs be, die for their
country; shall be protected in all of their rights.
Amnesty to the other element, while these great
crimes go unredressed, would be an injustice
that no party can commit, and continue to have
the confidence of the loyal millions of the
country.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have always been in
favor of the removal of political disabilities in
proper eases. There is no man in this House
who will go further than I where a proper and
a deserving case is presented; but the great
trouble has been that a proper discrimination
has not been made in the removal of disabili-
ties. As a general thing, men have had their
disabilities removed who did not deserve it,
while many who do, still remain under dis-
ability.
Now, sir, what is the consequence of this
exclusion from the jury-box of one hundred
and twenty thousand colored voters in Vir-
ginia? The result is that the lives and lib-
erties of white loyal men, as well as their own,
are not safe in the courts. I said in the Re-
construction Committee last January that the
lives of loyal men were not safe on Main
street in the city of Richmond. I now repeat
it. It is true that loyal men are not gen-
erally shot down, but it is equally true that
when a loyal man passes a group of rebels at
a street corner and hears them using vile epi-
thets evidently intended for him, he knows that
if he resents it he will either be killed and his
slayer go unwhipped of justice, or if in self-
defense he should take life he will be tried,
convicted of murder, and executed, and that
there will be no power upon this earth that can
reach out a protecting hand to him when that
dire contingency comes. Therefore, before this
universal amnesty movement goes any further
let the State constitution of Virginia be ad-
ministeredsoasto give the fifteenth amendment
full, perfect, and logical sway, and so that these
one hundred and twenty thousand colored voters
shall be admitted to the jury-box. Then the
rights of white loyal men, as well as their
own, will be secure. We not only have rebel
juries, but oftentimes mere professional jurors
of the same political character fill the jury-
box. T do not intend that this question, if I
can help it, shall be belittled. I claim that it is
the bounden duty of Congress, before it takes
another step in pandering to this vicious senti-
ment in the South to protect the rights of six
hundred thousand loyal citizens 111 Virginia,
and of ail our loyal people, wherever they
may be.
1 know that the loyal men of Tennessee have
cried, and thus far in vain, I am sorry to say,
to this Congress for protection. I trust their
voice will not much longer go unheeded. The
great fault of reconstruction has bsen that it
has not gone far enough. It has not been fully
considered that the highest principle of justice
required us first to look to the protection of our
friends and the friends of the country ; and
having done that, we could then tumour atten-
tion to the rebellious classes. We want protec-
tion in our courts. We do not want^ to have
these wrongs going on any longer. We do not
want the continuance of this system, uuder
which colored men are being sentenced to the
gallows in Virginia, and being sent to the peni-
tentiary until the penitentiary is almost full.
And I assert that in the large majority of these
cases the evidence is by no means conclusive,
that it does not establish the guilt of the accused
beyond a reasonable doubt. Sentenced to the
penitentiary they are disfranchised by the State
constitution. And so, in this way, whether
designedly or not, the result is to unjustly dis-
franchise a large portion of the loyal men of
that State.
Why, before the war the memory of man
could scarcely go back to a case in Virginia
where capital punishment was inflicted. To-
day it is a common occurrence, and they are
loyal men who are executed, and not un-
frequently loyal women. If you look over the
lists of arrests and trials you will find the
names of few white men comparatively. Can
any one possibly imagine that crime is not
as prevalent among the white population now
as before the war? Of course crime by
white people is committed to an equal if not
greater extent, but it is winked and connived
at, or at least but few arrests comparatively
are made, and still fewer convictions. The
policy is to catch in the meshes of the law
the men who swell the tide of Republicanism
in that State and thereby exclude them from
exercising the right of suffrage.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. PORTER. Certainly.
Mr. McCORM'ICK, of Missouri. I wish to
ask the gentleman if the executions of which
he speaks were of persons who had not com-
mitted crimes for which the punishment inflict-
ed upon them was provided by law ?
Mr. PORTER. I do not think, from the
gentleman's question, that he has understood
my remarks. I was not referring, Mr. Speaker,
to any particular case. I was referring to a
class of cases, or rather persons, and I stated
that in a majority of these cases the evidence
did not show that the party was guilty beyond
a reasonable doubt. In other words, circum-
stances arising out of the system of slavery
have engendered such feeling and prejudices,
that, with juries made up in the manner I
have described, it is almost impossible for
colored citizens of Republican proclivities to
obtain justice at their hands.
I ask, why should any man object to the
constitution of the State being carried out, so
that colored men shall be admitted to the juiy-
box? I am told by some from Virginia who
favor amnesty that in some cases colored men
are admitted to the jury-box. That is true in
some instances where the Republicans have
] elected their officers; and in one or two in-
stances they have been summoned by Con-
servative officers. But these cases are only
exceptions. It is the general rule, the general
practice, that I am contending against. And
I assert if it was proper to put a few colored
men in the jury-box a short time ago, it was
proper to have placed a great many of them
there a good while ago.
Now, when we go for amnesty I want some-
thing in return, and I do not intend to ask for
1 anything but what is right and reasonable. I
want protection before the laws for the loyal
people of the country; not simply protection
written in the law, but men who will execute
the law in truth and in justice. I do not want
this rebel element to be treated by us^ any
longer as if it were a vast grave yard receiving
everything and returning nothing.
It is true we cannot defeat social ostracism
in the South; nor do we complain of it.
Every Republican^ must submit to that. But
we ought to be enabled to defeat political os-
tracism; and that is constantly going on. It
is not disguised by the papers, and in other
responsible quarters, that there is both political
and social ostracism. I hold in my hand a
card published by a member of the Ilepub-
licau State central committee of ^ irguiia, who
had ascertained that his father hud been mis-
