1110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
one'' and insert " fifty-two. and in line ten
hundred and ninety-one,, strike out "fifty-
eight" before the words "female clerks" and
insert "fifty-seven."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten hun-
dred and ninety-two, after the words " female
translators," to insert "in the bureau of
foreign mails, and one female translator in the
money-order office."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not wish to make any
motion; but we never ought to say anything in
the law about " male " or " female" " trans-
lators." They ought to be put down as
"clerks." We have now allowed the heads
of Departments to put female clerks in any
Department that they choose. It is merely
a criticism on the phraseology that I am
making.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The language to
which the Senator excepts is in the bill as it
came from the House of Representatives.
Mr. POMEROY. I know it; but why do we
■want to legislate in that way ? Why should we
say " female clerks?" Why not say " clerks?"
Mr. COLE. You will find "female copy-
ists" all through the bill. If the Senator is
partial to females as clerks he should not
oppose any amendment of that kind. To use
other language would open the door for male
clerks to do this service.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to saying "male
clerks" or "female clerks." We have by
law arranged the Departments so that if the
head of a Department chooses to promote a
clerk, male or female, to any particular desk,
he can do it. I do not propose now to put
it- into the law that he shall be required to
employ either male or female clerks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. You would
have to alter the bill all through.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not undertake to
do that; but I can make my criticism on the
language employed. I would not have males
excluded by law. I will stand up for males,
when they begin to be oppressed, as I have
done for females. I do not want males ex-
cluded by law or females either, but if that
word "female" was stricken out of the bill
it would be in harmony with the law as it
now is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment reported by
the Committee on Appropriations.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line ten hundred and
ninety-four, to strike out the words ".ten
folders, $7,200."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 40, line
eleven hundred and two. to change the amount
appropriated for salaries in the Post Office
Department from §374,000 to $395,700, to
correspond with the amendments previously
adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 47, under
the head of "War Department," line eleven
hundred and twenty-six, after the words "chief
clerk," to strike out "$2,500" and insert
"$2,200;" and in line eleven hundred and
twenty-seven to strike out "two clerks at
$2,000; three," and insert "five;" so as to
read, "chief clerk at $2,200; five clerks of
class four," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to change the
footing of the appropriations in line eleven
hundred and thirty-two, from $47,220 to
$46,520.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the clause mak-
ing appropriations for the Adjutant General's
Office, line eleven hundred and thirty-six, to
strike out " chief cierk, $2,000; two," and
insert "three;" so as to read, "for three
clerks of class four, nine clerks of class
three," &c.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senate will disagree
to that amendment. We have a communica-
tion from the War Department manifesting
very considerable anxiety to have the bill left
in this respect as it came to us from the House
of Representatives. In some of the bureaus
in the War Department there is pro-vided a chief
clerk; for instance, in the Paymaster General's
office, and also in the office of the Chief of
Ordnance; and in certain other bureaus of
equal dignity there is no chief clerk. There
is a desire on the part of the Department, the
head of the Department particularly, to put
them upon an equal footing; and the House
of Representatives has so passed the bill. The
Committee on Appropriations, on further con-
sideration, have concluded that we had better
let the House bill stand as sent to us in this
respect, and let these amendments be dis-
agreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will then omit the remaining amendments on
page 47 and those on pages 48 and 49 in regard
to the bureaus of the War Department, pro-
posing to strike out the provision of the House
bill in regard to the chief clerks of those bu-
reaus, and also to change the amounts appro-
priated.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the chairman if I
understand him to mean that all the amend-
ments of the committee in regard to the War
Department shall be disagreed to ?
Mr. COLE. No, sir; only those that relate
to the chief clerks of the several bureaus.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those are the
only amendments on the pages indicated. The
Chair has examined those pages, and the
amendments all appear to be on that subject.
Mr. COLE. There is a reduction of one
clerk, so that the total amount appropriated
will be but $100 more on account of these
changes, which I suppose will be a fact that
will be pretty satisfactory to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that the Committee on Appropriations
desire the text of the whole provision as to
the War Department to stand as it came from
the House.
Mr. COLE. I do not remember any other
amendments to that provision than those indi
cated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the amend
ments reported to that part of the bill making
appropriations for "the War Department will
be considered as disagreed to, and the bill
stands in that respect as it came from the
House of Representatives. The Secretary will
therefore pass to the amendment of the Com
mittee on Appropriations on page 51.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 51, line twelve
hundred and thirty-two, to reduce the appro
priation for the salaries of the clerks and
employSs in the office of the Secretary of the
Navy from $27,640 to $27,620.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropri-
ation for the Supreme Court of the United
States, in line twelve hundred and ninety-
three to strike out "eight" and insert "ten;"
in line twelve hundred and ninety-four, to
strike out "eight" and insert "ten;" and in
line twelve hundred and ninety-five, to strike
out "seventy-two" and insert "ninety;" so
as to make the clause read:
For the Chief Jusfice, $10,500; and for eight asso-
ciate or retired justices. |10,000 each; in all, $90,500.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose
these amendments are to conform to the recent
law we have passed on the subject of the sal-
aries of the judges.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
posed that those amendments were to be gov-
erned by the action of the Senate on the
amendment reported as section two ou page
fifty-six, which revises the salaries of judges
of the Supreme Court, of the Court of Claims,
the circuit courts, and the district judges.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I sug-
gest that this be passed over ; that no action
be taken on it until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
posed that a full Senate would be desired to
act on this amendment. .
Mr. COLE. At the request of the chairman
of the Committee on Finance and other Sen-
ators, I agree to pass over this question for
to-night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be passed over. The remaining amend-
ments are reported as additional sections.
Mr. COLE. There is an amendment on
.page 54, in line twelve hundred and ninety-
nine, that ought to be acted on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That may as
well be reserved with the whole paragraph.
Mr. COLE. Very well.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now offer
some additional sections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Previous to the
new sections proposed by the Committee on
Appropriations?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir. _ I
offer the amendment which I send to the Chair.
I will say that it consists of the same sections
which were adopted by the Senate last year
in relation to the State, War, and Navy De-
partments, and the Capitol grounds, and pro-
viding Jfor the building at once of a State
Department.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the amendment be
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it from the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
The amendment was read, being to add to
the bill the following sections:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of $500,000 be, and hereby is, appropriated out ot
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the construction, under the direction of
tae Secretary of State, on the southerly portion ot
the premises now occupied by the War and Navy
Departments, a building which will form the south
wing of a building that when completed will be
similar in the ground plan and dimensions to the
Treasury building, and provide accommodations for
the State, War, and Navy Departments, the build-
ing to be of such kind of stone as rnay.be hereafter
determined, three stories in height, with basement
and attic, and of fire-proof construction; the plans
to be approved by the Secretary of State, the Sec-
retary of War, and the Secretary of the Navy before
any money is expended under the provisions of this
act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the public
grounds surrounding the Capitol shall be enlarged
(according to the plan approved by the Committees
on Public Buildings of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, respectively, which plan is hereby di-
rected to be deposited inthe custody of theSecretary
of the Interior) by extension between First street
east and First street west, in the following manner:
northwardly to the south side of North B street and
southwardly to the north side of South 13 street,
including, in addition to so much of the reserva-
tions, avenues, and streets as are necessary for siuh
extension, the two squares designated on the plan
of the city of Washington asNos.OST and GSS, respect-
ively.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it shall bo
the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to puiehase
from the owner or owners thereof, at such price, not
exceeding its actual cash value, as may be mutually
agreed on between the {Secretary and such owner or
owners, and not exceeding the appraisal made by
the commission of nine in their report to Kobert
Ould, United States district attorney for the District
of Columbia, on the 21st day of January, lSul, such
private property as may be necessary for carrying
this act into effect, the value of the property so pur-
chased to be paid to the owner or owners thereof out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, on the requisition of said Secretary: Pro-
vided, That before such payment shall be made the
owner or owners of the property purchased, shall by
good and sufficient deed or deeds, in due form of
law, and approved by the Attorney General oftho
United States, fully release and convey to the Uni-
ted States all their and each of their several and
respective rights in said, tiiles to such lands and
property so purchased.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That, if the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall not be able to agree with
the owner or owners of any private property needed
fur the purposes of this act upon the price to be pW
therefor, or if, for any other cause, he shall be uu-
ii able to ftbtain the title to any saeh property by
ii miuu.il agiccmcnt with the owner or owners uioreoi',
