THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
taken for him, and his mother was in conse-
quence being injured in her business. I ask
the Clerk to read the extract I send to the desk
from the Richmond Dispatch of December 20.
The Clerk read as follows :
jtlchmoxd, Virginia, December 19, 1870.
Gentlemen : My father and mother have oast their
lots among you—the former as deputy olerk in the
circuit court office of the city, the latter ag proprie-
tress of Cook's boarding-house, corner of Eighth and
Clay streets—neither of whom are politicians or in
any way connected with political matters. In your
issue of the 16th you publish my father, F. Woltz,
as a member of the State central committee. This
publication is, I understand, doing my mother injury
in her business. From the past friendly relations
existing between one of yourselves and my fathor's
family, I feel assured you had no intention of doing
either injustice, and X beli-eve you will take pleasure
in calling the attention of your readers to the error.
I am a member of the State central committee of
the Republican party; am a resident of Iioanoko
oounty, and in no way connceted with cither the
business of my father or mother.
Yours, &o„ JOHN W. WOLTZ.
Editoks Dispatch.
Mr. PORTER. That illustrates the state of
feeling in Virginia. Because it was supposed
that a certain person was a member of the
Republican State central committee, without
any iuquiry into his acts or his genoral connec-
tion with the committee, it was found that his
wife's business was being injured. No one
can deny that for a roan to be an active, work-
ing Republican in Virginia is to make him, in
the estimation of the Conservative party, an
outlaw and an outcast. Ila may be as pure
and as spotless as an angel of light, but he will
not be above their cruel slanders. To test the
truth of what 1 say it is only necessary to refer
to the daily Conservative newspapers of Itieh-
mond and other parts of Virginia.
And here is a significant fact. 1 have noticed
that every Republican who has favored amnesty
on this floor has given reasons which show that
amnesty ought not to be granted at this time.
They have, without an exception, acknowl-
edged that outrages were being perpetrated,
that murders and assassinations were being
committed, and that Republicans were ntit safe,
in any respect, and then strangely enough
insisted that they never would be, until we
amnestied the perpetrators of these outrages,
and their political friends 1
Sir, it is a poor compliment to onr flag to
say that it does not protect every man and every
class of men throughout this country. It is
true, it may make a little better feeling, for the
time being, to grant amnesty to those men.
They may feel a little personal kindness toward
those who procure amnesty for them; but, after
all, even this will be almost entirely mere pre-
tense. My word for it, in a short time they
will fall back in the old ruts, and they will per-
secute these men who labored for them in their
hour of distress, as they conceive it to be, for
there is nothing more distressful to the Demo-
crats of the South than to be denied the priv-
ilege of holding office. They will turn against
the Republican amnesty men even more bitterly
than against those who, for the good of the
country, desire to withhold amnesty for the
present. 1 know a gentleman in Virginia who
ran for Congress last month, Judge Rives, who
has been the means of procuring the removal of
disabilities from more than a thousand men in
his district. And there were no men in that
district who worked harder and got up earlier
in the morning to defeat him than these thou-
sand men.
We hear a good deal said in regard to the
sincerity of the men who inaugurated this rebel-
lion. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Jones] who preceded me dilates extensively
in that direction. 1 deny "it. Igiveit&smy
opinion, without the fear of successful refuta-
tion, that the leaders of this rebellion got it
up and went into it because they were denied
the public offices, or supposed they would be,
under the incoming administration of Presi-
dent Lincoln: they inaugurated a rebellion in
order that th"y could li^ve oSees among them-
selves, for they knew that they were, or soon
would be, out at the elbows and the knees polit-
ically. I never can give my sanction to,the
assertion that the leaders of the rebellion were
actuated by motives of sincerity.
I would like to see these disabilities removed
from the masses, and by the " masses" I mean
the men who, if they held any office at or before
engaging in the rebellion, held inferior offices,
such as overseers of the poor, constables, and
the like, and county and municipal offices. I
believe if we should remove disabilities from
them good results would follow; that we would
be showing the people of the political party
opposed to us that we seek their interest as well
as the interest of the people of our own party ;
but I am not in favor of removing disabili-
ties from the projectors of the rebellion, and
who followed many a Union boy of the South
into the mountains and dragged him into the
carnage, who had their spies all over the coun-
try and made a net-work, as it were, into which
they endeavored to haul every man who loved
the Union and did not want to fight for its
dissolution.
The genlemau pathetically says to us, " Do
not let us call them traitors any longer; do
not let us call them hard names." I have
not done so ; but if it is hard for them to be
called "traitors," where is the gentleman's
sympathy for the men who stood by this coun-
try in the hour of danger, and now are Repub-
lican citizens ofVirginia and other southern
States, who are denounced every day and
every hour as " carpet-baggers," because they
were born in the North, or as " scallawags "
if they were born in the South ? if it is hard
to call these gentlemen's friends "traitors,"
it is even a greater hardship to call us "car-
pet-baggers" and " scallawags," because the
former have committed no crimes (?) save those
of having been born in the North and having
fought for their country, and being now citizens
of their respective States and members of the
Republican party. So with the term "scalla-
wag"—a very polite term invented by the very
polite and chivalrous gentlemen who stand in
need of amnesty, who only want you to forget
while they remember—which is applied to that
class of individuals who were born in the South
and stood by you while sou were carrying tho
country through the breakers of war. If X saw
(it I should apply such epithets as I pleased,
although I think I can conduct a discussion
without using any language really offensive to
any one ; but if I saw tit to do so I would say,
"Yes, traitors, traitors all," until you cease
your insane, your shameful slanders against
men who merely follow tho dictates of their
own consciences as American citizens.
The gentleman says to-day that the right of
secession is still debatable. It is true he does
not use exactly that language, but he makes
an argument 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McCORMIOK, of Missouri. I hope that
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Pouter] will
be allowed as much time as he wishes, because
I interrupted him.
Mr. PORTER. I want only a few minutes
more.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. How much
time does the gentleman want?
Mr. PORTER. Not more than five or ten
minutes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there any
objection to extending tho gentleman's time
for ten minutes?
There was no objection.
Mr. PORTER. It is true, Mr. Speaker,
that when the gentleman from Kentucky rose
yesterday to a personal explanation he said that
all he had meant by his resolution of a previous
day was that secession was debatable in the
beginning, not that it is now debatable. But he
now makes an argument in favor of the constitu-
tional right of a State to secede; and if he can
make that argument now, whether he believes
the doctrine or not, if he can make the argu-
ment now as the argument of others, then I say
that the right of secession is debatable from hia
own stand-point.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I beg leave to
set the gentleman right. He is entirely mis-
taken as to my position. I have made no, argu-
ment for the right of a State to secede. I have
merely maintained that it was a question dur-
ing the formation of the Constitution, in the'
Convention which adopted that instrument,
whether that right existed or not; and by some
it was held to exist. I do not so hold, nor
have I made an argument to that effect.
Mr. PORTER. Well, I did not misunder-
stand the gentleman at all. I knew he meant
that he did not believe that a State has the
right to secede ; but I say that when the argu-
ments of gentlemen who advocated the right
of secession can be marshaled here, so as to
have some minds agree to, them, so that the
doctrine may be presented here with plausibil-
ity—I say it then becomes a debatable question
from his own showing. It is not a debatable
question in my mind ; but I maintain that when
the gentleman debates the right of secession,
although he may himself disclaim any belief
in it, when he debates it before the Represent-
atives of the American people, he thereby vir-
tually gives countenance to the correctness of
the proposition that secession is a debatable
question.
We believe that the argument "closed when
the first gun was fired at Fort Sumter; and it
ought to have closed when the Star of the West
was fired upon. I do nflt propose to enter into
any argument against the right of a State to
secede. I will mention but a single fact, a fact
which, although known to every student of our
political history, is often overlooked. When
the constitution of 1789 was submitted to the
States for ratification some of them hesitated as
to its adoption. New Yorkhesitated for a long
time. North Carolina and Rhode Island still
longer, the one for two years and the latter for
nearly three years after the convention had
adopted the Constitution. Other" States also
paused. Now, if the right of secession was un-
derstood from the start, if it was to be regarded
as a debatable question, (after ratification,) why
was it that State after State hesitated before
ratifying the Constitution ? Why did they act
as if they supposed that entering the Union
made the alliance permanent? There would
certainly have been no reason for hesitation if
they had understood that they could secede
whenever it suited their pleasure.
I agree with some gentlemen of the Demo-
cratic party, with\some modifications, that the
war has not settled anything.
If the Democratic party, whose leaders gen-
erally were the enemies of this country during
the war, and who are now supporting a policy
which would turn the results of the war to ashes,
should come into power, then I agree with the
gentlemen that nothing would be settled by
the war; for then, indeed, the car of progress
would be turned back into darkness, and, with
its precious freight of hunian rights, lost to
America and lost to humanity forever.
But, Mr. Speaker, if the party which saved
this country, and which since the war has been
trying to gather up its fruits, sometimes, Igrant,
inefficiently and lamely, but which has been
nevertheless endeavoring, in good faith, to do
so—if this party can remain in power until the
great questions growing out of it are settled,
then everything great and noble will have been
secured by the war. Then everything will have
been settled, and settled upon the basis of
right, justice, and equality.
Mr. BIRD. Mr. Speaker, I am in favor of
amnesty, and I trust that something may be
done before the close of this session of Con-
gress to secure amnesty to the people of the
South, to all those who are now laboring under
disabilities. I sincerely believe that this thought
is paramount in the minds of a majority of tho
people of the country. I trust that this thought
is paramount, in the minds of a majority of I lie
Republican party throughout the country. Of
