1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1723
like if, as we propose to amend it, lias been
before that, committee and reported favorably.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thebill reported
by the Senate Committee 011 Public Lands is
on the twenty-fifth page of the Calendar, order
of business, No. 1031.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I have
had my attention called to this bill, but never
in the Committee on Public Lands that. I re-
member. I cannot, of course, contest with
the chairman as to the statement he makes;
but I am persuaded the bill is one which re-
quires much more close and searching exam-
ination than it seems to have received. I be-
lieve it will be found, if such examination is
given, to be objectionable upon two points;
first, in respect to the fact that it makes a
grant of land, at least it leaves it in the power
of the railroad company to contend that it is
entitled to additional lands; and in the second
place, that the bill works a very great wrong to
par.'ies who have bought lands of this very
raihoad company upon the strength of a route
as escablisfaed. They, I take it, are entitled to
some ,-onsideration before this bill is pressed
through the Senate during the morning hour
on the first day of the last week of this session.
1 shall move that the bill 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
suspend his remarks. The morning hour has
expired, and the Post Office appropriation bill
is before the Senate, upon which the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the appropriation
bill will be passed over informally until we can
take a vote on this subject. It is of great
importance to the State of Michigan, and it
will take but a moment.
Mr. CASSKRLY. So far as I am concerned,
what 1 desire to do is to move that the bill
be recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall act on
the bill finally this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to passing over the Post Office appropri-
ation bill informally for the purpose of con-
tinuing the consideration of this bill? The
Chair hears none. The Senator from Cali-
fornia moves that the bill be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POME ROY. I only desire to say that
the Committee on Public Lands will have no
in,-,re meetings this session. I1 riday is our day
of meeting, but as that is the day of adjourn-
ment we shall not meet any more. _ I have no
objection to reporting the bill again, but the
committee have once reported unon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question,
and declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 call for a division, to
se& whether we can' have a bill of this kind
examined as it ought to be.
Mr. COLE. This matter is evidently going
to take a great deal of time.
Mr. HOWARD. It will only take a few
minutes.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us take the vote;
there will be no debate.
Mr. COLE. I fear it is going to take tune,
but 1 have no objection to having a division on
the motion.
I'hp VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
California [Mr. Casskrly] demands a division
on (lie question of reference.
The question being put, there were ayes
twelve 
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
navs.
Tile yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLE. Tn my judgment, it will be a
perfect waste of time to take the vote on this
question by yeas and nays. That is clear to
everv one. We know what the vote will be
from the count that has already been had. It
is onlv a consumption of so much time; and
I fear'thut if this lime is taken on this meas-
ure other measures will be brought in.
Mr. HOWARD. I appeal to my friend from
California [Mr. Casserly] to withdraw the
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CASSERLY. All I ask of the Senate
or of any Senator is to be permitted to exam-
ine a bill that I am informed and believe con-
tains a large additional land grant and will
work injury to private rights.
Mr. HOWARD. I can assure the Senator
that it does not make a grant of a single acre
of land.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not, know whether the Senator from California
[Mr. Cole] demands the regular order or not.
If he does not, the call of the roll will pro-
ceed on the motion to refer.
Mr. COLE. Very well.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 35 ; as follows:
YEAS—Slessrs. Bayard, Blair, Cameron, CnFserly,
Davis, Fowler, IiamiUon of Maryland, Howell,
Johnston, McCreery, Miller.Pra't,Robertson, .Sauls-
bury, Schurz, Thurman, and Viekers—17.
NAYS—Messrs* Ames, Brovvnlow, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Oonkling, Cor'oett.Cragm,
Flanagan. Gilbert. Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harris. Howard, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye. Osborn, Poo], Ramsey, ltevels,
Iliee, Sawyer, Scoft, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, and
William?—35.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Catteli, Edmunds, Fenton, Furry, Harlan, Hill,
Howe, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Ro«s, Spcncer, Stearns,Stockton, Sumner,
"Wilson, and Yat&—22.
So the motion to refer was not agceed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. The amendment is that
which I find printed in italics, I presume. I
ask what amendment it is?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reserving the
rights to settlers. It will be reported by the
Secretary.
Mr. CASSERLY. I find so many different
statements about this bill 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the pending amendment, as the
Senator from California has called for it. _
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert after the word "location," in line thir-
teen of section two, the following words :
But this shall not be held or construed to deprive
any bona fide settler, upon the land herein desig-
nated, of any rights they have acquired under tue
laws of the United States or of tlie Stale at the time
of the passage of this act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amend-
ment was withdrawn by the Senator from Kan-
sas stating that he ascertained that there were
no settlers to be affected by it, and was then
renewed by tlie Senator from Vermont.
Mr. COLE. If there is any purpose on the
part of any Senator to debate this bill I would
be very much obliged to him if he would
announce it. If so, I shall call for the reg-
ular order.
Mr. HOWARD. "We shall take the vote in
a moment. The Senatorfrom Vermont, I pre-
sume, will withdraw the amendment. There
are no settlers there, not one.
Mr. COLE. If there is any purpose to
debate it, it will very seriously interfere with
business of more importance.
Mr. CASSERLY. _ I will make a proposi-
tion which perhaps will enable my colleague to
go on with his bill and at the same time satisfy
the Senators from Michigan. I am very re-
luctant to set my judgment upon a bill of this
kind against that, of both the Senators from the
State of Michigan. I hone they understand
that. I propose now that this bill lie over until
to-morrow to allow me time to examine it. It
upon examination I find that the bill agsees
with their understanding of it, it is not piob-
able that I shall have any further objection to
make. ** ,, .
Mr. HOWARD. Very well, Mr. President,:
I will consent to that, to oblige the honorable
Senator from California.
Mr COLE. Let us have the regular oraev.
The V1CK PRESIDE NT. The regular order
is the Post Office appropriation bill.
RED RIVER VALLEY AND SANTA FE RAILROAD.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I hope the Senator
from California will yield and let me call
up my bill now. I liave been waiting very
patiently two or three weeks to get it before
the Senate. It will take a very brief period.
Mr. COLE. No one can be more anxious
tlian I am to pass a bill of local importance,
and I cannot give way to others.
Mr. FLANAGAN. _ Very well; I will ask
a vote of the Senate.' I make the motion to
postpone the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Texas moves to postpone the consideration of
the Post Office appropriation bill and all other
orders for the purpose of considering the bill
indicated by him, the title of whieh will be
reported.
Tlie Chief Clerk. It is the bill (S. No.
1287 ) to incorporate the Red River Valley,
Oklahoma, and Santa F6 Railroad Company.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Texas.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yea3 17, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Flanagan, Gilbert, Harris,
Hill, Kellogg, Lewis, MeOreery, McDonald, Miller,
Nye, ltamsoy, Revels, Bice, Saulsbury, Tipton, and
"Warner—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Bro^vn low, linckingham. Carpenter, Cisserly,Gband-
Jer, Colo, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ham-
ilton of Mainland, Hamilton ot Texa?,Uamlm, liar-
Ian, Howard, Howe, Mornli ot "Vermont, Otborn,
Pomerov, Pool, Pratt, llobcrtson. Ros*. Scott. Sher-
man, Stewart,Thaver, Tlnnrnan. Trumbull, Yickers,
Willey. Williams, Wilson, and Yutes—38.
Ai3^E]NT—Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, Cameron,
Catteli, Pentcm, Ferry. Fowler, Howell, Johnston,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Sawyer,
Schurz, Spencer, Sprague, Stearns, Stockton, and
Sumnei—Id.
So the motion was not agreed to.
MKS8AGK FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House ot Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhep.sox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following reso-
lution, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
lhsohed.ithe Senate concurring,)That all docu-
ments ordered to be printed by the two Houses of
Congress, or by law, during the term of the lorty-
First Congress, for distribution among the members
of Congress, which may be printed and ready for
distribution prior to the 1st day of December^ ISjI,
be distributed anions? the members ot the Forty-
First Coujrress: and that the Congressional Printer
and the officers ot eneh .House mikesuch distribu-
tion iu accordance with tins resolution.
KJiKOLLKD BILLS SlUN'ED.
Themessagealso announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions ; and they were there-
upon signed bv Hie Vice President:
xV bill (H. R. No. 2321) granting a pension
to John E. Wilson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2709) for the relief of
Joseph Anderson, a oil izen of Davidson county,
State of Tennessee ;
A bill (II. 11. No. 2933) cedingcertain lands
in the village of Mackinaw, Michigan, to E. A.
Franks ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2(534) to amend an act
approved May 31, 1870, entitled ''An act to
enforce the rights ol citizens of the United
States to vote in the several Stales of this
Union, and for other purposes;'' and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. -1-1 f) to extend
the benefit of the act establishing tlie National
Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers to the
disabled soldiers and sailors ol the warof 1S12
and the Mexican war.
OHIO JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. TIIURMAN. 1 move to postpone the
regular order for the purpose of taking up
House bill No. 2920, to divide the State ot Ohio
into three judicial districts. It is a bill tnat
passed the House unanimously. I neheve, and
I we are memorialized by the Legislature of
| that State (o adopt it. The resolution iiiemo-
I rialiaiag Congress was passed 111 the Legisla_
