286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
of universal amnesty, and if the work can be
accomplished during this session of the Forty-
First Congress, I for one shall rejoice. The
State which I have the honor in part to repre-
sent I know will rejoice. I know it will take
from political strife, both in the North and in the
South, this one source of contention and dis-
cord, if not the source of division in tlia South,
which we will all rejoice to see removed,
therefore, in that spirit of philanthropy and
Christianity which prompts us to "do unto
others as we would have them do unto us,'' I
ask that this House shall unite in proclaiming
to the people of the South, both high and low,
great and small, universal amnesty.
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. Speaker, I obtained
permission of the House the other day to have
printed in the Globe some remarks which I
had intended to present on the subject of am-
nesty, under the apprehension that it would
net be in my power to get possession of the
floor in order to discuss this question as T felt
it my duty to discuss it as one of the Repre-
sentatives from the State of Virginia. And I
should not now trespass upon the time and at-
tention of the House upon this subject of dis-
ability but for the speech made by my colleague
[Mr. Pouter] who has just addressed the
House. I feel it my duty as one of the Repre-
sentatives from the State of Virginia to notice
some remarks which lie has made. I shall
occupy but a small portion of the time of the
House, only so much as may be absolutely
necessary ill order to make myself understood.
I, sir, am in favor of universal amnesty. I
have so declared myself on all occasions, and I
have so manifested my sentiments by the votes
which J have given in this Hnuso. The distin-
guished gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
who addressed the House so ably the other day,
and I believe all the members of this House,
without a solitary exception, including even my
colleague, [Mr. Poiitep.,] say that, the disabil-
ities imposed by the fourteenth article of the
amendments to the Constitution of the United
.States were never intended to be perpetual, but
that they ought to be removed whenever the
safety of the eonntry will allow it to be done.
I think myself that time has now arrived, and
without discussing that point any further, I
really doubt if any good result has ever been
obtained by the imposition of those disabilities.
That, however, is now past; it is an accom-
plished fact; it is a part of the supreme law of
the land, acknowledged as such, taken notice of
as such byevery State in the Union, and there-
fore there need be nothing more said on that
subject.
My colleague seems to think that the. time
has not arrived when in Virginia it is proper
to grant amnesty to all who are under the
disabilities imposed by lb-" fourteenth article
of the constitutional amendments. Why, sir,
according to his own showing the greater por-
tion of the citizens of Virginia (and 1 will add
of the South) are merely technically disfran-
chised, not according to the true spirit of the
constitutional amendment. Why not, then, at
one stroke remove the shackles from every cit-
izen of the country? Why not "let us have
peaee" by settling this question of reconstruc-
tion forever ?
My colleague thinks that the Legislature of
Virginia has not carried out in good faith the
constitution that was adopted in July, 18G9.
I think that if lie would look at the difficulties j
attending the practical carrying out of that ;
constitution he would not lie astonished that !
the work ot reconstruction has not advanced |
more rapidly. Among the causes of his com- j
plaint is that the colored men arc not admitted
to sit 011 juries. According to his own admis-
sion they have, been admitted in some locali-
ties. Now, sir, tiie constitution of Virginia is_
perfectly silent, us (<> the color of men who may
sit on juries. Accord in;.' lo the piovision of
our constitution, ail who are entitled lo vote
and to hold office, and none others, are quali-
fied to act as jurors. My colleague will bear
me out in the assertion that an act of the Legis-
lature of Virginia prescribing that a certain
number of every jury impaneled in the Com-
monwealth should be of one color and another
portion of a different color could not be exe-
cuted. It would be utterly impracticable,
because in many counties of Virginia there are
not enough colored citizens to make a jury.
In a case of that sort how could a law such
as my colleague indicates be executed? Sir,
I have been practicing law 
Mr. PORTER. Will my colleague yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. BOOKER. Certainly ; with pleasure.
Mr. PORTER. I hope the gentleman docs
not understand that I favor the passage of a
law providing that juries shall be composed of
men of one particular celor. I say that they
should be summoned regardless of color.
Mr. BOOKER. Exactly so ; and I would
ask my colleague how the Legislature can pro-
vide for that unless it prescribes the manner in
which juries shall be selected ? Now, I take it
for granted—and I know it has been the usage
where 1 have practiced 
Mr. PORTER. Will my colleague allow
me one moment?
Mr. BOOKER. Certainly.
Mr. PORTER. I wish to state a single fact.
Last winter or spring the Legislature of Vir-
ginia passed a law prescribing that every juror
must be a freeholder, whereas the constitu-
tion of the State makes every one competent
as a juror who is entitled to vote and hold
office; and of course no property qualification
can lawfully be required. That bill went to
Governor Walker, and was vetoed by him on
the express ground that it was not within the
province of the General Assembly to prescribe
a property qualification ; but he held that before
col®red men could serve as jurors it was neces-
sary to have legislation on the part of the Gen-
eral Assembly. So this bill went hack to the
house in which it originated, and from that
time to this the right of colored men to sit in
the jury-box has been suspended.
A short time ago the Legislature passed
another bill providing that where either party
in a civil suit or a prosecution for misdemeanor
should ask for a jury of freeholders he should
be entitled to it. That bill was also vetoed
by Goverfior Walker. So that while these
laws, prescribing property qualifications for
jurors, are being passed by the Legislature
and vetoed by the Governor, the rights of the
loyal people were suspended; and if I were
not so charitable as I am I should be inclined
to suspect that it is a regular game.
Mr. BOOKER. I was going on to say, Mr.
Speaker, that until the adoption of the present
constitution of Virginia the laws of that State
required that grand jurors and jurors in crim-
inal cases should be freeholders. However,
let that go for what it is worth. I have to say,
sir, that m the circle of my acquaintance, in
the courts in which I practice, or, indeed, in
any part of the State of Virginia that I know of,
the charge cannot be made and successfully
maintained that injustice has ever been done
in any special case which can be mentioned
where a party has been arraigned at the bar
on account of color or previous condition of
servitude; I mean that on that account no
injustice has ever been done in any judicial
decision by the judges or juries of Virginia, so
far as I have ever heard. I am candid enough
to admit, Mr. Speaker, that where juries have
under the law discretion as to the length of
the time of punishment, they may have given a
longer time in the case of a colored prisoner
than of a white one. This may be so ; but I
have never seen or heard of any such case in
Virginia.
Mr. PORTER. That is a full confession
of the injustice of which I complain.
Mr. BOOKER. By no means. In no case
have I ever heard the judgment of the court
pronounced on a man found guilty by a jury
unless the evidence, in my opinion, proved his
guilt beyond any reasonable doubt. I can refer
the gentleman to a case in the court of the
county where I reside. At our November term
a colored man was indicted, arraigned, and
tried for receiving stolen goods, knowing them
to be stolen. The jury found him guilty, and
fixed his punishment at two years in the peni-
tentiary. The judge granted him a new trial,
setting aside that verdict, and at the last term
of the court the accused was convicted and
sent up for five years. That shows at least
that those who administer justice, that the
judges who preside on these trials, are disposed
to do justice to all alike who are arraigned at
their bar.
Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunately the cose
with the colored people in Virginia that tney
make up the greater number of those who are
arraigned in our criminal docks. It is their
misfortune; but, sir, I believe, as a general
rule, that the o®urt.s and the learned and en-
lightened judges who preside over them have
always endeavored to look on the circum-
stances surrounding them in connection with
the offenses with which they stood indicted.
My colleague complains that the free-school
system has not been carried out. Mr. Speaker,
let me say that it takes some time to perfect a
system of free schools or to carry it out as our
State constitution requires to be done. The
Legislature has already made an enactment to
carry out a free-school system, from which all
classes are to receive like benefits. In the town
where I live there is a school-house belonging
to one of the wealthiest slaveholders before
the war in that section, and he has generously
given the use of that building, intended for an
academy, to thecolored peopfeof thesurroimd-
ing country; and the people there, without dis-
tinction of party, have subscribed money to
put the school in operation. It is the wish and
hope of all intelligent and enlightened men of
Virginia that the colored people shall be edu-
cated, that they shall be elevated, and shall,
as soon as may be, become good and useful
citizens.
One word more in regard to jury service.
My colleague knows, because he has been in
Virginia long enough t® know, and it is known
to every gentleman from the southern Staffs
familiar with the African race, that few of them
are qualified for jurors. Very few have the
necessary capacity, education, or training ; but
I venture to say, and with that 1 will dismiss
this subject of jurors that when the colored
people of the South acquire education enough
to serve as jurors no distinction will be made
in the selection of them because of color or
previous condition of servitude. There are
doubtless thousands of men all over the South
and in the North who have never sat as jurors.
I have pride in Virginia, for I am a native
of that State, and I venture to say that there
is no State of the Union where justice is more
impartially administered. With all respect to
my colleague, if be can specify a single case of
a man in Virginia being convicted where the
evidence did not justify it I will pledge myself,
and I think I have influence enough with Gov-
ernor Walker, to have him released and set at
liberty. The constitution of Virginia prohibits
the Legislature from passing any law discrim-
inating between its citizens in the manner of
intlieting punishment for crime. There is no
law in Virginia which punishes a black man
in any different way from the punishment of a
white man convicted of crime. All are pun-
ished alike.
Why, sir, I believe that in \ irginia there is
Dut one offense that is necessarily punished
with death ; and that is murder in the first
degree. There are other felonies which are
punishable with death, at the discretion of the
jury, such as rape, burglary, highway rob-
bery, and, by a recent statute, horse-stealing.
But I have yet to know, I have yet to hear, of
the first instance in the State of Virginia where
any man, white or black, has been executed
tor any other offense save murder or rape,
