iiii
tflE dON&R^SlOKAL GLOBE.
February 10,
priation under an eifstijbg; lawi I ask to have
action on that amendment:
• The Chief Clerk re(ad the araendperit, whieli
was in line twelve hundred and ninety-nine to
strike out the words," circuit judge of tiie"
and to insert "justice of the Supreme Court;"
and in line .thirteen, hundred, after the word
"circuit" to strike out the word "courtso.
as, ,tp tfialie the clause read; "for traveling
expenses of the justice of the Supreme Court
for the ninth circuit, $1,000.",
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. .COtfe, Out of .abundance of caution,
I move to amend the Kill, on page 56, line two
of, section three, by inserting after the word
"provided" the. words "for in the second
section of thi§ act,so&s to read, "That the
salaries .herein provided for in. the second sec-
tion of, this act shall be payable in quarterly
installments," &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will not be
the second section if, the amendment of the
Senator froin .Vermont, remains in the bill,
The words "in the foregoing section" might
be used.
Mv. COLE. Yes, sir, that would be better.
Otherwise the section would make the salaries
of all clerks, &e., payable quarterly. I move
to insert the words " for in the foregoing sec-
tion of this act" after the word "provided."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thisjs an amend-
ment to the committee's amendment, and it
will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. COLE. That is all of the amendments
of the committee to this bUU
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill .will
remain in,Committee of the "Whole, and the
Secretary will now report the Indian appropri-
ation bill, under the suggestion of the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Merrill,] reporting only
the portions proposed to be amended by the
Committee on Appropriations, and then the
bill will be left open to am-endment by a full
Senate.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
2G15) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment and for fulfilling so-called treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes.
The, first amendment of the. Committee on
Appropriations was in line six to strike out
the words " so called," before the word
" treaty."
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amend-
ment will be regarded as agreed to, if there
is no objection. .
, Mr. STEWART. I object to it on prin-
ciple.
Mr. POMEROY. Let that amendment be
reserved.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
served. Those words run through the text of
the bill, and the amendments striking them
out will be regarded as reserved.
Mr. COLE. I think the Senator from Ne-
vada had better not object to that amend-
ment. It will only lead to discussion proba-
bly in the Senate when the bill comes up
again.
Mr. STEWART. I am in earnest about this
matter. I think we cannot discuss the Indian
question too much. The trouble is that we do
not have discussion enough on the Indian
appropriation bill. I want to say right here
that ,1 believe every dollar appropriated for
Indians tends to demoralize the Indians and
the whites, tends to prevent the Indians from
becoming civilized, teaches them to live in
idleness, induces both parties to keep up In-
dian wars, and demoralizes the country. I do
not believe that human nature, when fed, will
labor, and I do not believe that Indians can
ever become civilized without labor. I believe
this system of appropriating money for Indians
and taxing white men and making them work
to feed Indians-is tHe radical evil at the bottom
of this whole business. It is the source of all
the corruption- in the management of our In-
dian.affairs. I am opposed to the whole bill.
I regard all these Indian treaties as a sbanu
and I want them to be spoken of as "so-called
treaties." The House wants to have them
spoken of as "so-called treaties," and I should
like to have that particular language retained;
I think it is better. I do not think there is any
solemnity about these,treaties.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be regarded as reserved, and the Secretary
will resume the reading of the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to say in one
word, that I think the Senator from Nevada
has made his remarks on this subject evidently
without being serious, when he remembers that
the history of the country since we have been a
country b^s been to regard,these Indian treaties
a.s treaties .really, made, and solemnly entered
into, and they are as much the supreme law
of the land as is any other treaty or statute.
I cannot think that the Senator from Nevada
means to say that, we are hereafter, from now
onward and. forevef; to disregard all these obli-
gations;, that, we are to have these treaties
stigmatized as "so-qalled treaties." That is a
burlesque uppri the^istpry of the country, and
upon the, legislation,of the, country. I cannot
think that the Senator from Nevada is serious.
Mr. President, tyhen we were weak and the
Indians were strong we were glad to make
treaties with them, and live up to those trea-
ties., Now we have grown powerful and they
have grown weak, and it does not become this
great nation to turn around and trample upon
the rights ,of the weak. Our strength consists
in being just and generous to the weak ; and
now that these poor people are fast fading
away from the,earth it is no time for us to put
the heel of.power, the heel of oppression upon
them, and to say we will disregard our obliga-
tions and turn them out to perish. I am sorry
to hear the Senator from Nevada take that
side of the question.
Mr. STEWART. I am sorry to have the
Senator from Kansas put such a construction
upon my remarks, which is entirely unwar-
ranted. I have made no remarks that would
warrant him in inferring that I was in favor
of putting the heel of oppression upon the
Indians. I am decidedly in favor of taking
the heel of corruption, the heel of extrava-
gance, the heel of demoralization, the bar to
civilization, off them. 1 am opposed to tax-
ing white men to feed the Indians, to keep
them in barbarism, because I think that is
inhuman. You keep a few aristocratic big
Indians, big Indian chiefs, drunk, swaggering,
and oppressing the weak. I believe in this
Government treating the Indians with kind-
ness. I believe in its appropriating money for
the use of the Indians. All that our treaties
require, so far as any pecuniary advance to
the Indians is concerned, when the Indians
themselves can get it for their education,
teaching them to labor, I have no objection to
appropriating; but I am utterly opposed to
making treaties with a few drunken Indians,
giving them large amounts of money to squan-
der, men who enslave their wives, who enslave
their children; brutes, who are made so by
your bounty. It is an outrage upon humanity;
it is a disgrace to the country.
The whole Indian policy of feeding drunk-
en, worthless, vagabond Indians, giving them
money to squander between them and their
Indian agents, has been a growing disgrace to
this country for years. Many of these treaties
are made with irresponsible tribes or with no
tribes at all. Many of the treaties continue
to exist long after the Indians have ceased to
exist, and continue for the sole benefit of spec-
ulators and peculators. I think if we dignify
them by calling them "so-called treaties"
that is going far enough. That phrase pleases
the House. They are getting ashamed of :j
these treaties; the country is getting ashamed |!
of them. Instead of dignifying them as sol-
emn treaties, they speak of them as " so-called
treaties." It is ridiculous to dignify a,thing
as a treaty that is made between a few wander-
ing Indians who are drunk and do riot know
what they are doing and the United States. I
think it is dignifying them enough to call them
"so-called treaties." The House desire that
phrase, and I think it is particularly appro-
priate. .
Mr. POMEROY. Let lis go on -with the
bill.
Mr. STEWART. If the discussion is to
stop here I shall say no more, but it is a
subject that Lam full of.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator to
bring us up here another night to talk about
it. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLE. I hope we shall go on with the
bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line eight to strike out
"eleven" and insert "eight;" so as to make
the clause read, '' for pay of eight superintend-
ents of Indian, affairs," &e.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope that amendment
will be concurred in.
Mr. STEWART. I do not know about that.
Mr. POMEROY. That is reducing the
number.
Mr. STEWART. But I do not know that
you should reduce the number of superintend-
ents. Have you got one for Nevada?
Mr. POMEROY. Oh, yes; there are eight
in all. That includes Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. No, it does not. I sug-
gest to the acting chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations that Nevada has managed
her Indians better than the other parts of the
United States. This question of Indian super-
intendences is a matter to which I wish to call
special attention. I desire the attention of the
Senator from Kansas to it, if I can get nobody
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
'can be reserved by the Senator if he desires a
vote upon it in a full Senate.
Mr. STEWART. No; I want to explain
the matter to the chairman, and then, I think,
he will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator listen to me
for one moment?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. The House of Representatives
sent the bill to us making an appropriation for
the superintendents named in this clause, but
leaving in the word " eleven," which is simply
a mistake of printor in their calculation. They
only provide for eight superintendents, and we
propose to change the number so as to corre-
spond with the actual superintendencies that
they have sent here, and which are now m
existence. It is merely a typographical error.
Mr. STEWART. I want to explain to the
chairman of the committee in regard to Ne-
vada. Nevada is estimated by the military
authorities to have from eight to twelve thou-
sand Indians. The lowest estimate is eight
thousand Indians.
Mr. RAMSEY. Howmanywhites? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. STEWART. Nevadahas more Indians
than most of the States. There is an appronii-
ation in this bill of $15,000. The House of
Representatives insist that we shall have that
much appropriated. Now, if that is to be
appropriated for Nevada, which we have not
asked for, we want it expended by a superin-
tendent who understands the business. We
do not want any foreign superintendent, sent in
there, because he will demoralize our Indians.
" e do not want any foreign policy brought in ;
and I will tell you why, Mr. President, and I
am serious in regard to this matter. YVith our
small appropriation heretofore we have not
been able to corrupt the Indians. The Govern-
ment. has not been able to feed them so as to
make them utterly worthless, and it is a fact that
there are to-day from oiie to two thousand lu-
