288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
i
but they knew also that I was a Virginia-born
man, entertaining good feeling toward the peo-
ple of the State. For this reason they pre-
erred metothegentlemanwhoran against me;
not becausc they liked my principles any bet-
ter. In fact some of them thought that it might
be better to elect what they called a "carpet-
bagger," because they could sooner get rid of
him. [Laughter.]
But, sir, 1 never forsook my principles. In
1869, when I went through the canvass with
Governor Walker, I announced all over the
congressional district that I was a Republican
and a Union man. Nobody during that can-
vass gave me any particular sympathy. The
thoughts of the people were fixed on the elec-
tion of members of the Legislature; Congress
was considered of no account. Sir, I did not
trim my sails for the purpose of getting a seat
here. My sentiments were well known; I never
was anything else than a Union man. I was
a Republican before there was a Republican
patty, and a friend of the colored man always
and under all circumstances.
Mr. BOOKER. Now, Mr. Speaker, if my
colleague had allowed me to finish my sentence
I think his speech would have been unneces-
sary. I did not mean to taunt him or to re-
proach him or to insinuate or intimate that he
had compromised his principles. What I was
going to say was that he had the half of the
Democratic party, that a large number of the
conservative people of his district indorsed
him ; and I say this for the purpose of showing
that they had no prejudice against him as a
man. I will repeat again that my colleague is
thought highly of amongthepeople ofVirginia.
He has been in our Legislature- I assure him
that he has warm friends in every part of the
State. Personally there is no man who stands
higher than he does in Virginia.
1 will trespass but a few minutes longer
upon the time and attention of the House. I
hope that the Congress of the United States
will remove all political disabilities from all
men in this country from whom they require
the duties of citizens. By longer-continued
disfranchisement you do not heal the sore.
You only keep it open. You keep it irritated.
Sooner or later it will have to come to this;
and I hope it will be the pleasure of the Amer-
ican Congress, before this session closes, to
remove from every man in the United States
all political disabilities occasioned by the re-
bellion.
Mr. BARRY. Mr. Speaker, I desire to add
a few words to what I have already said, in
explanation of why I shall vote against the
pending report. It is partial in its character,
and will he uncertain in its operations if it
becomes a law. When the hammer fell the
other day under the ten-minutes rule I was
remarking that I had the honor to organize
the first regiment of colored soldiers raised
in Kentucky for the purpose of suppressing
the rebellion; and I would have considered it
an honor as well as a duty to have taken com-
mand of anything necessary for its suppres-
sion. But, sir, when the rebellion failed, and
the governments set up by Andrew Johnson
proved worse than failures—a stupendous
blunder—the Congress of the United States
began to consider what was best to do with the
territoiy once occupied by the State govern-
ments subverted by secession and totally de-
stroyed by the fiery ordeal of the war. They
first devised what is known as the fourteenth
uiticle of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States, iccognizing those States
suliicienlly to pass that fourteenth amendment.,
snyiiig to them that if they ratified it ttiey should
be n^aiii admitted to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States. They rejected it,
and rejected it mainly through the advice of the
recreant President, who, they believed, had the
power to resurrect once more that party which
iiad well-nigh destroyed them. They loved it.
It was an idol which they had worshiped in
their days of prosperity, and they were willing
to stand by it in their days of adversity. Thus
they rejected it. It became necessary for the
Congress of the United States to resist the oppo-
sition they had begun, and to paas another meas-
ure. They then enacted what was known as the
reconstruction acts proper, which enfranchised
the colored people and disfranchised a large
number of whites for having participated in
the rebellion. In pursuance of an election by
these voters a convention was called in the
State I have the honor in part to represent.
That convention framed a constitution of civil
government and presented it to the people,
and after they had ratified it (as proclaimed
by the chairman of the committee of five,
appointed for that purpose by the State con-
stitutional convention) we came here asking
to be recognized once more as a member
of the great family of States. I was one of
the committee of sixteen (by appointment, but
not in sympathy with the movement, although
it was the act of the Republicans of the State
in convention assembled) to urge the admission
of our State, and know too well our utter fail-
ure. The constitution waa too radical; that
is, it withheld the right to vote from that class
of citizens who are prevented by the third sec-
tion of the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States from holding
office, and Congress sent us back to do our
work, in part, over again, giving the people
power to leave out certain sections of that con-
stitution. It also became necessary, in pur-
suance of that resolution of Congress, in sub-
mitting the constitution again to the people of
Mississippi, to organize new parties. The
Democratic party, which had resisted the laws
of reconstruction, adopted as a name the Na-
tional Union Republican party. They came
all the way to Washington and hunted up a
brother-in-law of the President of -the United
States to become their Governor, and expect-
ing to secure admission upon the floor of this
House and at the other end of the Capitol, they
adopted as a platform universal suffrage and
universal amnesty. They knew the sentiment
of our people on that subject at that time; and
we were not only forced to take that position,
but that we would use our influence to remove
all disabilities imposed by the third section of
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States:
. "So person shall be a Senator or Representative
m Congress, or elector of President or Vice Presi-
dent, or hold any office, civil or military, under the
united States, who having previously taken an oath
asa member of Congress, or as an officer of the [Jnited
States, or as a member of any State Legislature, or
as an executive or judical officer of any State, shall
have engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the
same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof.
But Congress may by a vote of two thirds of each
House remove such disabilities."
But, sir, in doing that we looked around for
a justification of the position which we had
assumed, and could only find it embodied in
this idea, which we believe to be one of the
fundamental principles, if not the very founda-
tion itself, of the republican form of govern-
ment, to wit: that all just governments derive
their power from the consent of the governed.
And as that assent in this form of government
can only be obtained through the ballot-box,
we necessarily came to the conclusion that
suffrage is not a privilege but aright, an inalien-
able right, linked with life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness, of which no citizen twenty-one
years of age can be deprived unless convicted
of crime by due process of law.
Web, sir, I understand—wheiher I am cor-
rect-ornot I cannot positively say, butlbelieve
Ivviii be sustained in the position—that not one
of^ these men to-day denied the right to hold
olSco, which is only one of the coordinate
rights with the right of suffrage or the right to
vote, has been deprived of this right "by due
process of law," I understand that their right
has only been suspended, (for by the very
wording of the last sentence of the third sec-
tion, before referred to, Congress admits their
want of lawful power to prevent permanently
the exercise of any inviolable right by any
American citizen entitled to and enjoying all
other rights as such citizen,) and that with a
view to the reconstruction of the State of Mis-
sissippi and other States. This ho,ving been
accomplished, the right, inalienable in its char-
acter in my judgment, should revert, and can-
not wisely or justly be longer withheld. But,
mind you, prior to taking this position, the
fifteenth article of amendments to the Consti-
tution had been passed, and its ratification had
been made an act precedent to the admission
of our State, which secured for all time in the
organic law of this nation the right of suffrage
to the colored people.
We felt then that we could, if not upon the
ground of consistency or policy, at least upon
the ground of justice, take up our position for
the removal of all disabilities growing out of the
war, which was the result of the antagonism
of two ideas in the working of our Government,
slavery and freedom. It has been claimed by
the Republican party—-I have heard that claim
set up by some of its leaders throughout the
country and through the press—that the war
had accomplished one grand end, the wiping
out of the accursed institution of slavery, and
that nothing but a war could have produced
that result. If, then, God Almighty, who pre-
sides over the destinies of nations as well as
of individuals, thought fit to use Jeff. Davis
and other such agents in bringing about His
grand purpose, now, when the purpose lias
been accomplished, will we continue to visit
vengeance upon God's agents in this grand
work? I, sir, for one, will not be a party to
doing so.
Suffrage, as was remarked by the distin-
guished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
is the main foundation of the Government; that
is to say, its exercise by every man twenty-one
years of age, convicted of no crime, through-
out the length and breadth of this mighty land.
Shall we, then, for the sake of policy, as the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cobb]
urged, continue to hold these few men under
this partial ban? If it be policy to continue
a course the result of which, as it seems to
me, tends to undermine the stability of our
institutions, I for one am not for policy, but
for justice and right in this matter. I know
there has been a great deal of buncombe in-
dulged in upon this question, not alone in this
Hall, but throughout the land, and mainly,
as is professed, in the interest of party. I for
one will not support a measure that looks
alone to the perpetuation of party. I listened
to the eloquent gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Porter] with a great deal of interest.
I must admit that all he says relative to the
injustice which has been visited upon the
loyal men of the South is true. But, while
assassinations have been committed and still
are being committed, the holding of these men
under this exclusion will not remedy the evil.
No member of this House has greater cause
of complaint than myself. I stand a living wit-
ness ofanattemptatassassination, andmaimed
for life, for daring to express publicly senti-
ments in favor of the reconstruction of the
southern States. The result of which, how-
ever, ca*not influence my action on the pend-
ing bill or any measure involving the rights of
man, hoping to be actuated at all times by a
higher motive and a more noble purpose than
personal revenge; this without insinuating that
any member of Congress would be thus influ-
enced. I venture to say that there is not one
out of a hundred or even a thousand of these
depredators who is among this class of men.
.but, sir, there are men among them that lacked
the moral courage to fight in either army when
Uns war came upon us; men who loved the
Government of the United States while it pro-
tected the institution of slavery, and in con-
sideration of that claimed to be loyal; but
