1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
when the Government of the United States,
through its Chief Magistrate, saw fit to strike
a fatal blow at that institution, these men
turned their backs upon the Government atid
have been its most willful foes and most bitter
denouncers ever since.
If by continuing these disabilities a remedy
for the disorders in the South could be secured
I would stand by them, but I can see in them
no balm for the woes of which we complain.
Effectually to stay the hand of these life-taking,
man-destroying, God-defying wretches who
prey upon all classes, it is necessary to adopt
a measure more definite in its character and
more terribly certain in its execution. If
the Republican party, in reconstructing this
Government, in trying to secure the legitimate
results of the war, have made dirty tracks in
our southern country, tracks which are imper-
ishable and which tend much to impair the
great luster they have honestly won, I am not
responsible for it; neither are the Union men
of the South: and it is too late now to obliterate
those tracks.
This partial withholding of entire amnesty,
and that but from a few in comparison to the
great number already relieved, araongwhom are
those who have been and are the Government's
most relentless foes, will not resurrect and
rehabilitate the thousands who sleep 111 south-
ern soil for daring to labor for the establish-
ment of those institutions they loved so well—•
many of these had been soldiers in defense
of the honor and integrity of our common
country when her liberties were endangered.
"For liberty, glorious liberty, who'd fear to die?"
But in defense of this position—the removal
of all political disabilities, the wiping out of
the last lingering traces of slavery, secession,
and war—1 have taken my stand, and shall
light it out on this line if it takes several all
summers. Politicians may call me, politically,
what they please.
"So long as thou art able, grate nobody's heart;
fur in this path there must be thorns."
Here, upon the floor of the House of Repre-
sentatives, I announce that I am a Repub-
lican, because the Republican party has come
nearer than any other to carrying out my idea
of right as applied to man and to government.
When it shall fail to do that, when it shall fail
to serve the best ends of government, then I
shall 110 longer be with it. Shall we not- then
resist this measure now under consideration,
and enact a law that will make all citizens ot
our country peers, and thus add to the grandeur
and glory of the American nation?
Mr. JOHNSON. If no other gentleman
desires to speak at this time, I move that the
House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at two o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House, in accordance with the concurrent
resolution of the two Houses, adjourned till
twelve o'clock m. 011 Wednesday, the 4th of
January. 1871.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 4, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Thursday,
December 22, 1870, was read and approved.
1'KRHITORIAI, LAWS,
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the laws, memorials, and resolutions ot
the Territory of Montana passed at the sixth
f.( Ffion of the Legislative Assembly, from De-
ci-inber G, ISi'SO, to January 7, 3870: which ivus
refened to the Committee on Temtoiies.
PETITIONS AND JIKJIOKIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a memo-
rial of citizens of J asper county, 1 nuiaua,_ pray-
ing that a pension be granted toPhineasThorn-
41st Coxfi. ;>d SE88.—iso. IV).
ton, a surviving soldier of the war of 1812;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a memorial of
the Legislative Assembly of the State of Ore-
gon in favor of the removal of the Indians
from the Siletz i-eservation and the Alsea sub-
agency, and that the lands embraced therein
may be opened for settlement; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the State of Oregon in favor
of the establishment of certain post-roads in
that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the State of Oregon in favor
of the extension until 1872 of the time for the
selection of the public- lands granted to that
State, for the erection of public buildings;
whicli was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the State of Oregon in favor
of an appropriation for the construction of
a canal and locks around the falls in the
Willamette river at Oregon City; which was
referred to the Committee 011 Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the State of Oregon, pray-
ing that a law may be passed for the extin-
guishment of the Indian title to that portion
of the Siletz and Grande Ronde reservations
lying north of the Grande Ronde agency, and
for preparing the same for white settlements ;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the State of Oregon, ask-
ing for an appropriation for the removal of
obstructions from the Willamette river ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the State of Oregon, asking
an appropriation for the removal of obstructions
from the Umpqua river; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SAWYER. I present a petition of the
Charleston Board of Trade, praying for ail
appropriation for the erection of a post office
building in that city, and also fifteen other
petitions from the city of Charleston, with about
sixty signatures each, for the same purpose.
In presenting these petitions, I would state that
an appropriation was made at the last session
of Congtess for repairs of the old custom-house
building at Charleston for the use of the post
office. These petitions set forth that that
building is badly located for the purpose, and
they ask that some change be made so that the
appropriation may be available for the purpose
intended. I move the reference of these peti-
tions to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr.WILSON presented the petition of Hardy
M. Ciiastain, of Thomas county. Georgia, pray-
ing for the removal of his disabilities ; which
was referred to the select Committee 011 the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Daiid Kennamore and others, citizens of Ala-
bama and discharged United States soldiers,
asking payment for supplies taken from them by
the United States Army during the war; which
was referred to the Committee 011 Claims.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Wil-
liam A. Bradford, of Clarke county. Virginia,
praying for the removal of his political disabil-
ities ; which was referied to the select Commit-
U;e on the li.'imnal of Political Disabilities.
Ee I'isu presented the memorial of one bun-
dled and twelve citizens and firms of Washing-
tun city, praying for the passage of the House
bill authorizing a subscription on the part of
that, city to stock of the Washington and Ohio
Railroad Company; which was referred to the
Committee 011 the District of Columbia.
Mr. COLE presented a petition of citizens
of California, praying for the passage of the
bill introduced by him regulating the sale of
coal lands; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr, RAMSEY presented a petition of enve-
lope manufacturers, printers, and stationers,
praying such legislation by Congress as will
relieve them from the injurious competition
caused by the manufacture and sale by the
Government of stamped envelopes; which was
referfed to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petitions
of R. C. Doom, of Jasper county, Texas; of
.Thomas J. Smith, of Newton county, Texas,
and of A. Neill, of Galveston, Texas, praying
for the removal of political disabilities ; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
owners and officers ot steamboats navigating
the Ohio, Mississippi, and other western rivers,
praying for the passage of House bill No. 2212,
to provide for the better security of life on
board of vessels propelled in whole or in pajt
by steam, and for other purposes ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STEWART presented a memorial of
two hundred and sixty miners and settlers in
Colfax county, New Mexico, praying that they
may be protected from tho unjust exactions of
the so-called " Maxwell Land grant and Rail-
way Company;" which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. STEWART. I also present a memo-
rial of a large number of settlers in California
upon lands claimed to be swamp and over-
flowed lands. It is sustained by affidavits
setting forth particular cases of hardship that
ought to be investigated by the Committee on
Public Lands. I move that the memorial be
printed for their convenience, and referred to
that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the memorial of
Edward E. Bradbury, mate in the United
States Navy, praying for such legislation by
Congress as will enable him to be promoted
to the grade of master ; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CORBETT presented a memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the State of Oregon,
in favor of the establishment of a wagon-road
from Winnemucca, at the North Bend of tho
Humboldt river in the State of Nevada, on
the Central Pacific railroad, to tho town of
Pendleton, in Umatilla county, Oregon, via
Paradise Camp, McDermott, Baker City, and
La Grande; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the State of Oregon, in favor
of the granting by the United States to the
State of Oregon, to aid in the construction of
a military wagon-road from Snag Harbor, on
Smith's river, in Douglas county, to Linslaw
Valley, in Lane county, Oregon, by the most
practicable route, alternate sections of public
lands, to the extent of three sections in width
on each side of said road ; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CARPENTER presented the petition
of Abbott L. Hodge and Amelia S. Hodge,
praying for the extension of letters-patent for
a new and useful improvement in brakes for
railroad cars; which was leferied to the Com-
mittee 011 Patents.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present, on behalf of
the Committee 011 Finance, a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, inclosing views of
the Attorney General and the decision of the
Comptroller of the Treasury in relation to the
filth section of the act of July 12, 1870, in rela-
tion to unexpended balances of appropriations.
I move that these papers be printed and recom-
mitted to the Committee 011 Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
