1728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
is provided for by existing laws, $500,000 a
year, to carry on our commerce with China and
Japan, and the countries of the Olden World ;
but now when we ask that this bridge company,
a creature of our own, shall be required to con-
form to the spirit at least of the law under
■which it was acting, if it be required that in
ertler to secure that object we should appro-
priate the sum of $288,000, we ought not to
hesitate a moment. We cannot turn thisgreat
interest, thisgreat object aside by a mere tech-
nical objection to its being inconsistent with an
appropriation bill. Sir, it was a bill reported
by the Post Office Committee which caused this
obstruction. This bridge has been declared
by a bill of yours to be a post route, and it is
this post route that obstructs the navigation
of the great post route of the country, the Ohio
river. I trust, therefore, that as this is an
appropriation bill to carry our mails, to carry
on our postal service, we shall add to it this
amendment, necessary to secure a frea car-
riage of the mails along and across the Ohio
river.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, it is a little singular that whenever any
controversy comes up between a railroad com-
pany and the Government of the United States
the United States has no friend in court, and
all doubts are to be solved in favor of the rail-
road company. This railroad, as I understand
the question, takes advantage of some sharp
practice to go and build a bridge wiik the piers
nearer together and of less height than they
knew themselves would be ample in order that
it should not be an obstruction to navigation.
Under such circumstances, I consider that this
railroad company come here with ''no rights
which a white man is bound to respect."
If, therefore, the Senator from Ohio will
bring in a bill, in accordance with the provis-
ions of existing law, to repeal the charter of
'his bridge company, I shall be ready to vote
for it; but when he suggests a doubt as to
whether we can do so much as this, or even
inidify the. act. although there is an express
provision that we may alter, repeal, or modify
It as we please; when lie expresses a doubt on
that subject, and suggests that we can, if we
ihoose, appropriate money to pay the expense
of this modification, I am inclined to vote
down the whole proposition on this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not express any
doubt myself. I only said that the Judiciary
Committee of this body had reported, by a
majority of their number at least, that the
bridge company had a legal right to build their
bridge as they are doing. I do not believe that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They hardly reported
that, I think you will find when you look at it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Senator
from Ohio will bring forward a distinct propo-
silion that this company shall be compelled to
change or modify these piers on its bridge in
such manner as will not obstruct navigation,
or that the charter shall be absolutely null and
void at the end of a certain period, I will agree
to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is precisely what I
have done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should be
willing to vote for that in a separate bill; but
I hardly think it ought to come in on this
appropriation bill.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I hope the
Senator will consider the amendment offered
by my colleague, and I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Ohio
permit me, as I gave notice of an amendment,
and as it has been already adverted to, to offer
it for the purpose of having it read, that the
whole subject may be before the Senate?
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator may move
it and it may be read. I retaining the floor. I
have no objection to that.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That.the additional, cost, required - to i
build said bridge in conformity to thechangehereby
required to be made shall be paid by the United States
to said company, not exceeding the sum of $288,695,
the amount estimated by the engineers of the War
Department as necessary to make the said change.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise toapointof order.
I make the point of order that the amendment
to the amendment is in direct violation of the
thirtieth rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Chair understands
that it is not now offered, but read for inform-
ation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I make the point
now in advance, whether I be here when it is
offered or not.
Mr. THURMAN, I had said that I hoped
the Senate would consider the amendment
offered by my colleague and would adopt it.
If this amendment be not adopted on this bill,
it cannot pass at this session of Congress as an
independent measure; it cannot be passed at
this session of Congress for want of time, and
therefore it is vitally important that it should
be adopted as an amendment to this bill, for
every day that passes is employed by this com-
pany in finishing the structure. The bridge is
now in process of construction, and if we delay
action until they shall have got ready for the
superstructure, especially if we delay action
until they shall get their piers built up to the
height of only seventy feet above low-water
mark, and they begin to put on the superstruc-
ture, it will require just so much more money
to make the modification which everybody who
has examined the subject must be convinced
must be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would inquire whether,
in view of this threatened and intended inter-
ruption of the navigation of the Ohio river,
the authorities of either of the States in that
vicinity have applied to the circuit court of the
United States for an injunction against this
nuisance?
Mr. THUIIMAN. I do not know whether
they have or not, but I suppose they have not.
But, presuming that they could obtain an in-
junction and have not applied for one, that
does not relieve us from the duty of preventing
this obstruction taking place, because we have
reserved the full power in the act which gave
this company the license to build the bridge
to require them to alter it ; and now, before
the bridge is built, is the best time for us to
exercise that power. The Senator from Ver-
mont knows that in the very act which gives
them the right, in these clear words we de-
clared :
" But Congress resorves the right to withdraw the
assent hereby given in case the free navigation of
said river shall at any time bo substantially and
materially obstructed by any bridge to be erected
under the authority of this resolution, or to direct
tho necessary modifications and alterations of said
bridgf1//
They took their license with that clause in
it. They were willing to run tho risk. They
knew that Congress had reserved that right,
and that it would exercise the right if it should
be seen to be necessary to exercise it. Now,
what reason is there for any delay? None
whatsoever. The Senate is in full possession
of all the facts in the case. No committee
could report anything in addition to what the
Senate already knows. We have here the
official report made by the' engineer depart-
ment in pursuance of an act of Congress, set-
ting forth all the facts which are material to
be known ; and now I say there is not a single
one of those facts which is controverted, by
anybody whatsoever. There is not a conclu-
sion at which they have arrived that is contro-
verted, I mean successfully controverted, by
anybody. Does anybody pretend that that
bridge, if built at the height at which they
threaten to build it, seventy feet above low-
water mark, will not be an obstruction to the
navigation of the river? No man dares to say
any such thing as that. I never have seen
the. man yet who dared to assert that that ]
bridge would not obstruct the navigation of
the river if it was only seventy feet above low-
water mark. My colleague is perfectly justi-
fied in what he said, that such a hridge would
blockade the river. It cannot be necessary to
inform any Senator who has looked at this
report, or who has heard the remarks of my
colleague this morning, that this bridge is a
blockade of that river if it be built as the
company threaten to build it.
Then, upon the subject of compensation, I
say that there is no right to any compensation
on the part of the bridge company from the
United States. I say, with respect to every one
of these companies that took a license with
this power expressly reserved in it, the power
on our part to require alteration or modifica-
tion of the bridge, that every one of them took
it with that condition, and is bound to make
the alteration at its own expense; but there
are peculiar circumstances in this case which
relieve the Government from anything like
moral obligation.
When Congress was asked to grant a liccnse
to build this bridge the bridge company was
represented by Judge Headington, now de-
ceased, a very eminent citizen of the city of
Cincinnati, a very excellent and worthy man.
He was their attorney, and he had full author-
ity to speak for them: and with that full au-
thority he promised that if Congress would
allow the act to be passed the bridge should
be built as high as the other bridge at Cincin-
nati—the suspension bridge—that is, one hun-
dred feet above low-water mark. That is
abundantly proved by four or five members
of Congress who were interested, by both the
Cincinnati members who represented those
districts at that time, and by Mr. Moorhead,
who represented thePittsburg districtof Penn-
sylvania, and by others. It was only upon this
solemn pledge that the bridge should be bjailfi
one hundred feet high that these Representa-
tives consented to allow the license to be given
at all, that they withdrew their opposition.
And now, in the direct face of that pledge,
directly against that solemn pledge upon which
the river men relied, upon which the Repre-
sentatives of Cincinnati and Pittsburg relied,
upon which, I may say, all the Represent-
atives interested in this question relied, this
company, now, in order to save about two or
three huudred thousand dollars to itself, pro-
poses to build the bridge only seventy feet above
low-water mark. If that be done it is a block-
ade of the river. Not even an ordinary steam-
tug can pass under that bridge if that be the
case. The Ohio river rises sixty feet at Cin-
cinnati. I have seen it myself again and again
when it was more than sixty feet above low-
water mark. Its ordinary rise is about forty-
five feet above low-water mark. At the ordin-
ary good boating stage, the best stage for
navigation, a common tug, by which the coal
flotillas are brought down, cannot pass under
that bridge. Now, what do we hear from it?
We have not only the report of the engineers,
but we have lying on our table a remon-
strance against this bridge being constructed
as the company propose by almost every mer-
cantile house in the city of Cincinnati. I have
not counted the names, but I think there are
about four thousand names to that remon-
strance, petitioning Congress to compel the
Company to raise this bridge up to the height
of the suspension bridge, and that is about
one hundred feet. I think the names of about
four thousand of the business men of Cincin-
nati are on that petition. Then we have peti-
tions from Pittsburg, and I think the Senator
from Missouri presented the memorial of the
Board of Trade of St. Louis, ail to the same
purpose.
Everybody on the river is opposed to the
bridge being constructed in the way it is pro-
posed to be constructed ; and as we have ample
power to compel a proper construction, and
the company is not required even to change
