1116
tHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
part of a newspaper against a public man, in'
order to destroy his political influence in Wash-
ington, for such, 19 the real object of the Jour-
nal and the heartless little clique of wfhich it is
the chosen and appropriate organ. The State
Journal does not represent the Republican
party of Richmond, much less of Virginia. It
has long since forfeited their confidence, and
is held in contempt and detestation by the
masses and the honest leaders of the party. I
know $iot how to characterize -in befitting
terms this unprecedented mode of attack—to
slander a man in your newspaper, and then
have one impress'on of the same date with the
objectionable artijle omitted sent to the slan-
dered party as one of its subscribers from the
office of publication.
The name of the editor and proprietor of
this very enterprising sheet is B. W. Gillis. A
Republican Representative on this floor has
informed me. that he was such a good copper-
head th^t President Lincoln caused him to be
removed from a clerkship in one of the Depart-
ments. The sentiment prevails in the Repub-
lican party of Richmond, and I might say,
Virginia, that the editor and proprietor of
the Journal is still a copperhead, though his
editorials are not unfreqaently of a sound
Republican character, especially when he or
the clique have some private ax to grind in
Washington. In its issue of the 13th of last
month, this same Journal, which undertakes
to palm itself off as a Republican newspaper
in Washington, and as having the confidence
of the party in Virginia, said :
""VVe are not a native Virginian. Had wo been, we
would in all probability have been foundgiving' aid
and comtort' and assistance to the State during the
late unhappy straggle, and might even now not deny
it, or be ashamed ofnavingstood shoulder to shoulder
with our brothers and neighbors even in a bad
cause. \Ve certainly would not have deserted our
State after she was once committed to the death
struggle, stabbed her in tho back, and then returned
and asked her people to receive us jvith a friendly
greeting, and reward us with high honors."
So, with one dash of the Journal pen, we
have General George H. Thomas, John Minor
Botts, and other native Unionists of Virginia,
indeed those of all other States as well, classi-
fied as deserters and enemies of their native
States. The latter part of the article is one
of the Journal's habitual flings at Colonel J.
M. Humphreys, the collector of the port of
Richmond. This gentleman saw fit to leave
his native State of Virginia after the com-
mencement of hostilities, and tendered his ser-
vices to the Government of the United States,
and was connected with our Army until the
close of the war. At its close he received the
appointment of collector of customs at Rich-
mond, and has been and is one of the most
active and influential Republicans in the State.
The editor and proprietor of the State Journal,
having unsuccessfully endeavored to obtain
the collectorship from Colonel Humphreys
last spring, now supports for that position a
man who was chairman of the Walker State
committee, and from such position did as much
as any other person to defeat the Republican
party in Virginia in July, 18G9. Further com-
ment is unnecessary.
I will retain the two Journals of the 24th of
January at my desk for the inspection of mem-
bers and representatives of the press.
MR. PORTER AND MR. COX.
When I asked on the 1st instant unanimous
consent for an extension of my time, in the
discussion relating to the test-oath question,
Mr. Cox, of New York, as reported in the
Globe of the next day, said :
"Iwill not object, although the other day when a
personal attack was made upon me in reference to
the San Domingo matter, and I desired to make a
personal explanation in reply, you were the only
man in all this House mean enough to object to my
doing so."
Having unsuccessfully called him to ordei^ I
was constrained to retort as follows:
"The member from the sixth district of New York
is tho only man in this House mean enough to make
such a remark as he has just made."
It is true that I objected to the member from
New York making a statement in relation to
the San Domingo matter, but at once aban-
doned. it, and his statement wqs made. The
member, however, should recollect that he
had previously objected to .my ha.ving unan-
imous consent to introduce a resolution in
reference to the alleged persecution of Cadet
Smith.
I will take occasion to say that it is entirely
foreign to my disposition to interpose an objec-
tion when unanimous consent is asked for by
any member of the House, and have only done
so in relation to those who had objected when
such consent had been previously applied for
by me. I have simply acted in self-defense
and in order to secure my own rights.
As all objections to my proceeding to-day
have been withdrawn, I shall cheerfully "wipe
out" from ray "list" the objections which I
was holding in store for several gentlemen who
have objected to iny occupying the floor ; and
I trust that hereafter I shall find no one object-
ing to unanimous consent being granted me if
I should again have occasion to ask for it.
false charge op the " ball and chain."
In the same debate the member from New
York charged that I had been "put in irons
for abusing the Government." I simply desire
to say that the member is entirely mistaken.
I never was "put in irons," never wore a
"ball and chain," as often charged, for "abus-
ing the Government," and if not for language
employed, I presume it is unnecessary to add
" nor for any other cause."
This charge has been frequently made by the
Democratic press of the country and by one
or two members of this House before I became
a member of it, but has never been repeated
by any member since I have been admitted to
my seat here until the occasion in question.
After making the unqualified denial that I
have of this charge of having been " put in
irons," or having "worn a ball and chain,"
in whatever form it has ever been or can be
presented, I do not think it at all unreason-
able to express the opinion that the charge
ought never to be Uiade again by newspaper,
member of Congress, or any one else. 1 thank
the House for the courtesy they have extended
me.
If I have any time left, I will yield to the
gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Clark,] who
desires to have read a telegram he has just
received from the Governor of his State.
kailkoad in texas.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I ask unanimous
consent to have read by the Clerk what I send
to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Austin, Texas, February 8,1871.
Gen. W. T. Clark, Member of Congress from Texas:
I am directed to forward you by telegraph the fol -
lowing resolution just passed by our Legislature,
with request that our Senators and Representatives
in Congress have it brought before Congress imme-
diately :
Joint resolution asking the Congress of the United
States to pass a bill for the construction of a rail-
road from the eastern boundary of Texas to the
Pacific ocean, on or near the thirty-second parallel
of latitude, and to grant the same aid for the con-
struction of this railroad that has been granted to
secure the building of the Northern Pacific rail-
road. t ,
Whereas it is the opinion of the Legislature of the
State of Texas that the early construction of a rail-
road from the eastern boundary of Texas to the
Pacific ocean, on or near the thirty-second parallel
of latitude, is of vital importance to the people of
the United States, and especially to the people of
Texas; and whereas the Government of the United
States has granted liberal aid toseoure theconstruc-
tion of two lines of railway to the Pacific ocean,
neitherof which is located in tho South; and whereas
the southern States have an equal interest with the
other States in tho ownership of the public domain,
a.nd no lands have yet been donated by the General
Government to aid in the construction of the South-
ern Pacific railroad; and whereas the construction
of such a railroad would save to the Treasury of the
United States the vast sum of money expended
annually for the defense of the frontiers of Texas
Irom the incursions of hostile Indians, and would
save the lives and property of scores of the citizens
of Texas who perish annually at the hands of these .
savages, and would also secure the speedy settle-
ment of a large portion of the State of Texas which
is now almost uninhabited: Therefore,
Beit resolved by the LegisltUureof theStute of Texat,
That the Congress of the United States is earnestly
requested to pass a bill for the construction ot a
railroad from the eastern boundary of Texas to the
Pacific ocean, on or near the thirty-second parallel
of latitude, .as soon as possible, and to grant the
same aid for the construction of this railroad that
has been granted tosecure the building of the North-
ern Pacific railroad.
lie it further resolved. That our Senators are in-
structed and our Representatives in Congress are
requested to use their utmost endeavors to secure
the passage of a bill embracing the objects set forth
in this resolution. ,
Be it further resolved, Thatcopiesof this preamble
and resolution be iorwarded to the President of the
United States, to the President of the Senate, and
Spe.aker of the House of Representatives ot the
Congress of the United States, and to each of the
Senators and Representatives Irom Texas in the
Congress of the United States,
EDMUND J. DAVIS,
Governor of Texas,
TESTIJIONY FOlt DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table the
amendment of the Senate to the bill of the
House No. 2911, for the purpose of asking
the House to concur in the amendment. It is
merely a verbal amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the title of the
bill?
Mr. POLAND. It is a bill to provide for
taking testimony to be used before the Depart-
ments.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I call for the
regular order.
Mr. POLAND. It is a mere verbal amend-
ment in a bill of the House passed two or
three days ago. I hope the gentleman will
not object.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I will withdraw
my objection.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
read.
The amendment was to strike out of line
fifteen of the first section the words " from
whose court," and insert in lieu thereof the
words "of the district in which."
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the section be
read.
The section was read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tivesof the United States of America in Cony/ens awem-
bled, That any bead of a Department or bureau in
which a claim against the United States is properly
pending may apply to any judge or clerk of any
court of the United States, in any State, district, or
Territory, to issue a subpena for any witness residing
or being within the jurisdiction of such court, to
appear at a time and place in said subpena stated,
before any officer authorized to take depositions to
be used in the courts of the United States, thereto
give full and truo answers to such written interrog-
atories and cross-interrogatories as may be submit-
ted with said application, or to be orally examined
and cross-examined upon the subject of such claim ;
and if any witness, alter being duly served with such
subpena, shall neglectorretusetoappear, or appear-
ing shall reluse to testify, the judge trom whose com t
the subpena, issued may proceed upon proper proems
to enforce obedience to the procei-s, or to puiih«>h tho
disobedience, in like manner as any couit ot tne
United States may do in case of process of ftuhjjcenu
ad testificandum is&ued by such court; and witnesses
in such case shall be allowed tho same compensa-
tion as is allowed witnesses in the courts of the
United States.
Mr. HAND ALL. I object.
TAX ON INSTILLED SPIRITS AND TOBACCO.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to have taken from the
Speaker's table the amendments of the Sen-
ate to House bill No. 2164, to amend an act
entitled ii An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved June 20, 1868, and that the same
be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
REPEAL OF INCOME TAX.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to have printed in the Globe, some remarks I
