187i.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1117
have prepared on the bill to repeal the income
tax.
No objection was made; and leave was
granted accordingly. [See Appendix.]
brooklyn navy-yaiid.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask unanimous consent to
have printed an amendment I propose to offer,
it' I have the opportunity, to House bill No.
1003, to provide for the removal of the Brook-
lyn navy yard.
No objection was made ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
duplicate ciieck3.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means a bill (H. Ii. No. 2907)
to authorize the payment of duplicate checks
of disbursing officers ; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
bp engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that
in place of original cheeks lost, stolen, or
destroyed, disbursing officers and agents of
the United States are hereby authorized to
issue duplicate checks; and the Treasurer,
Assistant Treasurers, and designated deposit-
aries of the United States are directed to pay
such checks drawn in pursuance of law by
such officers or agents, upon notice and proof
of the loss of the original check or checks,
under such regulations in regard to their issue
and payment as the Secretary of the Treasury
shall-prescribe, provided that this act shall
not apply to any check exceeding in amount
the sum of $500.
Mr. HOLM AN. I wish to ask one question
in regard to this bill. Does it apply to drafts
on the Treasury which have been paid on
forged indorsements? If it does, I think it
ought to pass.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The
object is where original checks of the Gov-
ernment have been lost to allow duplicates to
be issued.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then this bill does not
cover cases where drafts on the Treasury have
been paid on forged indorsements?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me it ought to
cover such cases.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. There is
now in force a law allowing duplicate checks
to be issued for bounty where the original
checks have been lost. That law has been
found to work well. This bill is a measure in
the same direction.
Mr. HOLMAN. But there is no law which
enables the soldier <o get his pension where
the draft has been drawn upon a forged in-
dorsement. Cases of this kind have occurred
very frequently within the last few years.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Where
there is a forged indorsement the check is
not properly paid. I do not see that such
cases have any proper connection with those
provided for in this bill. The passage of the
bill wilt be a great convenience to pensioners.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
vote on repeal op income tax.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday
when the vole was taken upon the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole upon the
general Calendar, for the purpose of reach-
ing the bill for the repeal of the income tax,
I was in the House and voted in the negative.
I am recorded its not voting. I suppose the
Clerk did not hear my response.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
benefit of bis statement; but the Chair is under
the impression that it would not be within the
rules to make a correction of the Journal in
the point referred to.
frauds os census marshals.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent to lay before the House a reso-
lution authorizing the Committee on the Ninth
Census to investigate concerning frauds which
are being committed on the census marshals
by men who have constituted themselves into
a committee here for the purpose of mak-
ing assessments on these officers. The cir-
cular which has been sent out by these men is
appended to the resolution, which, when read,
will explain itself.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. SHANKS. I hope the gentleman will
not object to the reading of this resolution.
A self constituted committee has been making
assessments on the census marshals of the
country.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw for the pres-
ent the demand for the regular order.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Ninth Cen-
sus is hereby instructed and empowered to summon
before it and examine under oath "W. C. Honk, A.
A. Thomas, and W, Shiver of all the facts contained
in the following circular touching their power to
make assessments on the census marshals; the
amounts assessed, amounts collected, amounts paid
out. to whom and for what purpose paid, and how,
if in any way, they have procured the passage of
the bill referred to in this circular, which reads as
follows:
Washington, D. C.. January 14,1871.
Sik: By the annexed proceedings you will find
that we were appointed by the convention of assist-
ant marshals financial agents to assess each assist-
ant marshal in the United States such proportionate
sum as would defray the actual expenses of the
convention and of the delegates. The committees
of the several States who were represented iu the
convention have expended large sums of money for
your benefit, and we ask it, as simple justice between
man and man, that you reimburse them. They ask
you nothing for their services; these they have given
treely and cheerfully; but they do ask that you
should help to pay your share of the expenses in-
curred in this movement, which, we believe, has
been successful. And we appeal to you as gentle-
men and men of honor, and in the furtherance of
your own interests, to respond at once to your
assessment, and by so doing relieve the committee
from the burden of debt they have contracted in
your behalf. We believe that before this reaches
you Congress will have passed a law increasing our
compensation, and we sincerely hope and believe
that no assistant marshal who shall receive this ex-
tra compensation will be so lost to all sense of honor
and justice as to allow those who have " borne the
labor and heat of the day " to bear these expenses.
There are some who have paid their different State
assessments. Your committee wilt take into con-
sideration such, and will proportionately assess them
less.
Hoping you will respond at once, we are, respect-
fully,
W. C. BOXK.
A. A. THOMAS,
W. SHIVBK,
Committee.
P. S. You will please send your assessment, two
dollars, to A. A. THOMAS,
Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Mr. D. C. Brudex.
Mr. SHANKS. I have other copies of that
circular, and I see that there are others iu the
possession of members here.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What action is proposed
on this subject?
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent is
asked for the introduction of the resolution.
Mr. SHANKS. The resolution proposes
that the Committee ou the Ninth Census shall
make an examination, with.authority to report
at any time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object. I do not think
this is a matter which should occupy the Con-
gress of the United States.
treaty with cherokee nation.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, presented a report on the memorial of
Elias C. Bondinot, relative to the treaty of
July 19, 1866, between the United States and
the Cherokee nation of Indians; which was
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a minority report on the same subject (
■ which was ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted.
post route bill.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent to report from the Committee on the
Post Offices and Post Roads a bill (H. II. No.
2908) to establish certain post roads.
There was no objection; and the bill was
read the first and second„time.
Mr. FARNSWQRTH. There is no general
legislation in the bill, and I ask that it be put
on its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
protection of miners.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to make a statement to the House. A bill
has passed the Senate (No. 1103) to define
and protect the rights of miners and to encour-
age the development of mines. That bill has
been carefully considered by the Committee
on Mines and Mining, and they have unani-
mously recommended its passage. There will
be no opportunity for that committee to report
as it will not be called this session, and I have
been requested to ask the House that to-mor-
row, after the special order made on motion
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian}
has been disposed of, not exceeding one hour
shall be devoted to the consideration of that
bill from the Senate.
Mr. HOLMES. Let us have the bill read.
Mr. SARGENT. The bill is too long to
report, which is the reason I do not ask that
it be now put on its passage. It makes no
appropriations, no grant of public lands. It
is designed to enable miners to procure titles
heretofore authorized- 
Mr. WARD. If have no time to have it
read I object.
Mr. SARGENT. It is important to all the
mining States.
Mr. WARD. I have no objection to its being
considered to-morrow.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has the bill been printed ?
Mr. SARGENT. It has.
Mr. HOLMES. I object.
civil engineers in me navy.
Mr. GILFILLAN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce for reference a joint resolu-
tion making the pay of civil engineers in the
Navy equal to that of naval constructors.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The morning honrbegins
at twenty minutes to one o'clock, and reports
of a private nature are in order from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. The Chair will give
notice now, in order not to discriminate against
any member, no gentleman being upon the
floor, that he will decline to recognize any gen-
tleman who hereafter addresses him from any
other place than his own desk.
mr% harriet pendleton.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back joint resolution (H. 11.
No. 462,) for the relief of Mrs.flarriet Pen-
dleton, widow of George H. Pendleton, late
of the United States Navy, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The joint resolution provides that Mrs. Har-
riet Pendleton, widow of George H. Pendle-
ton, late acting master in the United States
Navy, who was captured January 7, 1864, on
the coast of South Carolina, in the discharge
of his duties, shall be entitled to receive his
share of all prize money due the United States
steamer Montgomery during the time of his
imprisonment, to which vessel he was attached
at the time of said capture; and his name shall
be considered as being borne upon the ship's
books as though present. And it further pro-
vides that if any of said prize money has been
distributed, the Secretary of the Navy shall be
