1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
time, and there is nothing peculiar in it re-
quiring it to go to that committee. I think
if it goes to any standing committee it should
be some other one, or perhaps to a select com-
mittee.
Mr. THUKMAN. With the leave of the
Senate, then, I will strike out "the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary" and say " a special com-
mittee of five."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio offers a resolution discharging the
joint Committee on Retrenchment from the
further consideration of the resolution of the
Senator from Rhode Island, and to have the
same referred to a select committee of five.
The resolution was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. 3n connection
therewith the Chair submits a letter from the
Secretary of War bearing on this subjcct, and,
as it is brief, the Secretary will report it in
full.
Mr. THURMAN. When the special com-
mittee shall be appointed I shall move that
that communication be referred to the com-
mittee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The letter will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
The Secretary of War has the honor to submit to
The Senate ot the United States, in answer to the
resolution of December 14,1871), a, copy of the report
of the Judge Advocate General, dated June 15,18B5,
ldative to an alleged unlawful traffic with rebels in
the -State of Texas, 'during the hi te war. entered into
by Harris Hoyt, William Spkacuk, (aSenator of tho
United States,) Byron Sprague.Willin mil. Reynolds,
and others, and to state that neither the papers
therein referred to nor any record of them can now
be found in the War Department. Jt, is, h owever,
Possible that certain of them may be on file at tho
headquarters of the department of the ca.dt, New
York city; and search for them will accordingly be
made, and the result thereof hereafter reported.
WILLIAM W. BELKSTAP.
Secretary of 11W.
Y,r \;; I) Kp \ RT Mi:XT, Ufce„iber2'2, 1S70.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves the reference of this letter
to the select committee.
The motion was agreed to.
ANNEXATION Of DOMINICA.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask the Senate to
be good enough to take up the resolution
calling upon the President for information,
being Miscellaneous Document No. It), moved
December 9, 1870.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves to proceed to the consid-
eration of the following resolution 
Mr. SUMNER. It is merely a resolution
calling for information, on which I have nothing
to say, but on which I wish the action of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the resolu-
tion in regard to San Domingo'?
Mr. SUMNER. It is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless some
Senator desires it, it will not he read, as the
Senate is advised of its contents, and it is
printed. ]j
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have it !i
read. !i
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont desires the resolution to be reported l|
in full. The Secretary will read it. ji
The Chief Clerk read as follows: "
Resolved, Thatthe Presidcntof theCnitecl States i
bo requested to communicate to the Senate, if in
his opinion not incomj>atible with the public inter- i'
ests, copies of all papers and correspondence relat- \
ing to the proposed annexation of tho liomirtiean !
portion of the island of Sail Domingo, or the pur- :
ehaso of any part thereof, including the original j'
and all subsequent, instructions to any agxnt or con- !
sul of the United States, with the correspondence of '
such agent or consul; also, any protocol orconven-
tion signed by such agent or consul; also, an account jj
of the debt and liabilities of theDominicanGrovcm- ;
merit,, especially its obligations to the neighboring .
republic of Hayti; also, the provisions of the exist-
ing constitution of Dominica, so far as the same
relate to the sale or transfer of the nationaldomain;
also, any treaty with llayti or Trance, by which
llomimcais bound or affected: also, any communi-
cation from the neighboring republic of Hayti, or
from our minister there, relating to the proposed
annexation; also, instructions to the commander of
our naval squadron in tho waters of the island since
the commencement of the lato negotiations, with
the reports and correspondence of such commander-
also, any information tending to show what Euro-
pean Power, if any, proposes to acquire jurisdiction
of any part of the island, and, if so. of what part;
also, any information with regard to the position of
President Baez, under whom the treaty of annexa-
tion was negotiated, and tho extent to which be has
been maintained in power by the presence of United
States vessels of war; also, any information with
regard to the sentiments of the people in Dominica.,
and the reported pendency there of civil war; also
any information with regard to any claim of juris-
diction by the republic of llayti over the territory
of Dominica.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It appears from the read-
ing as it struck me that in one part of the res-
olution some original papers are called for. I
believe we determined quite recently, and very
properly, that it was not proper to call for ori-
ginal papers, certainly not except in an extreme
case. 1 ask the Secretary to read the early
part of that resolution again, where the word
"original " is used, with the context.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is mistaken.
It only calls for copies.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very possibly ; I gen-
erally am ; hut I should like to have it read
again.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
llemhetl, Thatthe President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if in his
opinion not incompatible with tho public interests,
copies of all papers and correspondence relating to
the proposed annexation of the Dominican portion
ot tho island of San Domingo, or the purchase of any
part thereof, including the original and all subse-
quent instructions to any agentor consul of thoUni-
ted States, with tho correspondence ol such agent or
consul ■
Mr. SUMNER. That is the place where
the word "original" occurs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I understand the
Senator from Massachusetts to mean by that
that he wishes copies of the original, and not
the original itself?
^ Mr. SUMNER. Not the originals of course.
The resolution begins, " copies of all papers
and correspondence relating to the proposed
annexation of the Dominican portion of the
island of San Domingo, or the purchase of any
part thereof, including the original and all
subsequent instructions." By "original" I
mean the first instructions on the subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With that interpretation j
probably there would be no dispute as to v, hat
is intended, although, in hearing it read, it is !
quite obvious the originals were called for. I
have no objection to it, however.
The VltiE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, to take up the resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is before the Senate. Does the Senator from
Massachusetts modify it by inserting the word
"first" instead of the word "original?"
Mr. SUMNER. I doubt whether it would
be better in that way, but I am perfectly will-
ing to make that change if the Senator from
Vermont desires it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it will re-
main in the text as it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will make a motion to
amend it in that way, lest it should be taken
hereafter as a precedent for a call for original
papers.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; make it the
"first" instead of "original."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be so modified.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of December 10, 1870, reports
relating to the improvement of the harbor at
the port of Wilmington, or San Pedro, in the
State of California ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
the 14th of December, 1870, directing him to
furnish to the Senate the proceedings that have
been had relative to the collection of the tax
on the forty-five million scrip dividend of the
New York Central Railroad Company ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
FUNDING Ot- THE NATIONAL DEBT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 1149) to amend an act entitled "An act to
authorize the refunding of the national debt."
I presume it will lead to no discussion, and I
should like to have it passed this morning.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to in-
crease the amount of bonds authorized by the
act approved July 14, 1870, entitled "An act
to authorize the refunding of the national debt,''
to be issued bearing five percent, interest per
annum, to §500,000,000, and the interest of any
portion of the bonds issued under that act or
this act may be made payable quarter-yearly.
Mr. MOKTON. I wish simply to inquire
whether, under this bill, the Secretary will still
be authorized to issue the full number or amount
of the bonds bearing other rates of interest as
provided in the original bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill does not inter-
fere with that. It ijcreases the amount of the
five per cents, without reducing the others.
The probability of issuing a thousand millions
of four per cents, is so very remote that I hardly
think the Senator would deem it necessary to
guard against it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
REFINING OF GOLD AND SILVER.
Mr. SHEPiMAN. I desire to give notice
that to-morrow I shall try to call up the bill
(S. No. 859) revising the laws relative to the
mints, assay offices, and coinage of the United
States. It is a bill of considerable length, and
I give notice now that I shall try to call it up
to-morrow.
OSAGE INDrAN LANDS.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Senate joint resolution
No. 2GG.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 260)
amendatory of the twelfth section of an act
entitled "An act making appropriations l'or
the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 80, 1871, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 11, 1870, and to extend
the time for the disposal of the lands ceded
under the first and second articles of the treaty
of September 29, 1865, with the Great and
Little Osage Indians. It proposes to amend
the act entitled "An act making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1871," so as to strike out
the words "in square form," in the twelfth
section of that act, and insert instead thereof
the words "in compact form in accordance
with the legal subdivisions of survey." The
second section provides that the lauds ceded
by the first and second articles of the treaiy
of September 29, 1805, with the Great and
Little Osage Indians, shall continue to be dis-
posed of uuder the provisions of the joint
resolution entitled " A resolution enabling
bona fide settleis to purchase certain lands
acquired from the Great and Little Osage tribe
of Indians," approved April 10, 1869, until
the same shall all be sold or disposed of.
