1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1729
its plans definitely—all that is required is to
raise the height of the bridge, as its piers are
perfectly good, and the company itself knows
that the bridge must be built higher or be an
obstruction to navigation—I hope we shall
now make this requisition by passing the
amendment offered bj my colleague.
Mr. COLE. I have obtained the floor for
the purpose of moving to lay this amendment
on the table. We have before us a Calendar
of thirty five pages of bills, containing hundreds
of measures any one of which would be as
proper to be offered on this bill as the one that
is now proposed. But Senators not content-
ing themselves with the bills that have been
reported from the committees, and that are
ready before Congress now for action, this bill
has been moved withoat the report of any com-
mittee. It is yet in process of incubation be-
fore some committee; perhaps in the mind of
some Senator. Bat we have some light on the
snbject; aud this debate it seems to me, there-
fore, has not been altogether in vain. We have
gained some information. We have the inti-
mation plainly enough already to lead us to the
certain conclusion that this proposition will
result in a large draft upon the Treasury of
the United States. 1 therefore move to fay
this amendment upon the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California moves to lay the amend-
ment on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCOTT. Let me inquire is the motion
to lay the amendment to the amendment on
the table, or the original amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ori-
. ginal amendment, the Chair understands.
Mr. SCOTT. I am willing that it shall be
considered ; I want the subject disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the Senator will
vote against the motion to lay on the table.
That will secure its consideration.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeiaS 28, nays35 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. ABbott, Anthony, Carpenter,
Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Edmunds, Fianasran, Gil-
bert. Hamlin, Howard, Howe, Morrill of Vermont,
?NTye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomcroy, Ramsey, Robert-
son, Sprague, Stearns, Stewart. Stockton, Thayer,
Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers. and Williams—28.
NAYS—ilessrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair. Boreman,
Brownlow, C.isscrly, Conkling, Cragin, Davis, Fen-
ton. Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland. Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan, Harris, Hill, Howell, Jobnston, Mc-
Donald, Miller, Morton, Pratt, Revels, Rice, Ross,
Salisbury,Sawyer, Sehurz, Scott, Sherman, Spencer,
Thurman, Warner, Wiltey, and Yates—35.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham. Cameron, Cat-
tell, Perry, Kellogg, Lewis, McCrcery, Morrill of
Maine, Pool, Silmner, and Wilson—11.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, this is a ques-
tion which at some time must be met and dis-
posed of by Congress. I regret that it has not
been reached at a time when there could have
been more deliberation and a more patient
hearing given to the question that is involved
in this proposition. As the Senate, however,
has now declared its determination to dispose
of the question, I deem it my duty to bring
before the Senate what I deem to be the true
situation of this company, and to present, as
clearly as I can, the point which I think is now
presented for determination by the Senate.
In order to do that, let me refer briefly to the
report to which the Senator from Ohio has
made reference, made by the engineers of the
Government with regard to the Newport and
Cincinnati bridge.
At the last session a committee came to
Congress, composed of members of the Coal
Exchange ofthe city of Pittsburg, and of mem-
bers of the PennsylvaniaLegislature, appointed
in pursuance of a resolution of that body, for
the purpose of, securing such legislation as
■would prevent the navigation of the Ohio river
from being interrupted by bridges. At that
time there were built the bridge at Wheeling,
the bridge at Steubenville, the bride at Bell-
41st Cong. 3d Sess—No. 109.
aire, and there was being built a bridge at
Parkersburg. All but the bridge at Parkers-
burg were completed. The bridges above the
Parkersburg bridge had been built in pursu-
ance of an act of Congress of 1862, and the
Parkersburg bridge was being built also in
pursuance of that act of 1862. The coal inter-
est at Pittsburg believed that the bridge then
being built at Parkersburg would prove to be
a material obstruction to the navigation of the
Ohio river ; and so well satisfied were they of
that fact that, in order to procure a larger
width of .span than the company was author-
ized to build under the act of 1862, they raised
and paid to that company the sum of $30,000
to secure a few additional feet of span.
With that state of things before them, that
committee prepared an amendment to be
offered to a bill then pending upon the whole
snbject, regulating bridges upon the Ohio
river, and I offered the amendment to the
then pending bill. It embodied the princi-
ples npon which the persons interested in the
navigation of the Ohio river thought this
question ought then to be settled. Withoat
taking np the time of the Senate in reading
the amendment as it was then offered, I deem
it sufficient to state that oxie of the sections
embodied the principle that wherever changes
were required to be made in the then existing
bridges, or any bridges that were in process of
construction, snch changes should be made at
the expense of the Government, and requir-
ing also the $30,000 which the coal men had
paid to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany, for the purpose which I have mentioned,
to be refunded to them. Thus the principle
of reimbursement for alterations required to
be made upon structures built in accordance
with existing law, when those alterations were
necessary to secure a free and unobstructed
navigation of the river, was fully recognized
by the parties who were interested in the river
navigation.
Failing to secure & special'order to have that
bill with the amendment thus prepared con-
sidered, I offered the section which has been
referred to by the Senator from Ohio in the
river and harbor appropriation bill; and if
Senators will refer to that section as it is
printed on page 2 of the report of the engin-
eers they would find words which look to this
very question. I called the attention of the
Senate to those words, and will again for that
purpose read the section of the river and har-
bor appropriation bill under which these en-
gineers were detailed to make their examina-
tion and report:
"That the Secretary of War is hereby authorized
and required to detail three engineers, whose duty
it shall be to examino all bridges now erected, or m
process of erection, across the Ohio river, and to re-
port whether, in their opinion, such bridges, or any
of them, as now constructed, or proposed to be con-
structed, do or will interfere with the tree and safe
navigation of said river; and if they do or will so
interfere, to report also what extent of span and
elevation above water will be required to prevent
obstruction to navigation, and their estimate of the
cost required to change such bridges now built* or
being built, to such width of span ana elevation
above the Water as will prevent obstruction to navi-
gation, such report to be made and communicated
to the next session of Congress."
It will thus be seen that the complaint of
the river men was that the extent of span and
the elevation above water of the bridges then
built, or being built, were not sufficient to se-
cure the safe and free navigation of the Ohio
river, and the engineers were required in mak-
ing their report to return an estimate of the
cost of changing the bridges then built, or being
built, to such width of span and elevation above
the water as would prevent obstruction to
navigation. It will thus bs seen that tho width
of span and of elevation above the water were
the two points to which the attention of the
river men was then directed, and those were
the two points which they wished to have
remedied by act of Congress, and for the pur-
pose of having those points remedied they
recognized the justice of the principle that
Congress should indemnify the companies for
making these changes.
_ This brings me to a consideration of .the jus-
tice of that principle, nqt simply with reference
to the Newport and Cincinnati bridge, bat as
touching this whole general question which is
now before us by the case of the Newport and
Cincinnati bridge. It is a subject which we
must regulate, and I agree that every day its
regulation is delayed is interposing additional
difficulty and additional obstacles to securing
the free and unobstructed navigation of the
Ohio river.
When Congress authorizes a bridge to' be
built in a specific manner, with specific width
of span and elevation above the water, can it
be for one moment contended, even if such
width of span and elevation above the water
should m the end prove to be an obstruction
to navigation, that it was not intended that the
bridge should be built in the manner author-
ized? A grant of this character must always
have a reasonable construction; and it will
not do to say that where Congress has reserved
the right to alter or modify a bridge that alter-
ation or that modification ought to be made
in such a manner as to entirely destroy the
value of the property of those who have in-
vested their money in it, but it ought to be
done npon just and equitable principles.
With that principle in view, one recognized
by the river men, by those whose interests, I
think, ought to be guarded by proper and ap-
propriate legislation, we come to the case now
specifically before us, that of the Newport and
Cincinnati bridge, although it was not even
mentioned or contemplated in the section which
was offered to the river and harbor bill, and
under which the report with reference to it now
comes before the Senate. The amendment
offered by the Senator from Ohio proposes to
erect this bridge at one hundred feet above
low-water mark. That is what is now de-
manded. That presents the question, then,
of whether it is a modification or alteration
such as ought to be made by Congress, if it
inflicts injury upon the bridge company. Is
this, then, requiring what was not required
before ? That is the first point to be consid-
ered in judging of the justice of this proposed
amendment.
The joint resolution of March 3, 1869, under
which this bridge is being built, was, as the
Senator from Ohio has said, introduced by
himself. That resolution authorizes the build-
ing of a bridge from Cincinnati to Newport
across the Ohio river, with this proviso:
" Provided, That said bridge is built with an un-
broken or continuous span of not less than four
hundred feet in the clear, from pier to pier, over the
main channel of the river, and is built in all other
respects in accordance with the conditions and
limitations of an act entitled "An act to establish
certain post roads," approved July 14,1862; that
said bridge, when completed in the manner specified
in this resolution, shall be deemed and taken to bea
legal structure, and shall be a post road for the
transmission of the mails of the United States; but
Congress reserves the right to withdraw the assent
hereby given in case the free navigation of said
river shall at any time be substantially and materi-
ally obstructed by any bridge to be erected under
the authority of this resolution, or to direct the
necessary modifications and alterations of said
bridge."
The Senator from Ohio states that under this
resolution of March 3. 1869, the company was
not authorized to build a bridge seventy feet
high above low-water mark. That brings
us to the question of what they were author-
ized to do in the act of 1862 ; and by referring
to that act this provision will be found in sec-
tion four:
"Provided, That if the said bridge shall be made
with unbroken or continuous spans, it shall not be
of less elevation than ninety feet above low-water
mark over the channel of the said river; nor in
any case less than forty feet above extreme high
water as understood at the point of location, meas-
uring for such elevation to the bottom chord oi the
bridge: nor shall the span of such bridge, cover-
ing the main channel of the river, be less than three
hundred feet in length, with also one of the next
adjoining spans of not legs than two hundred ana
twenty feefc in length, and the piers ot said bridge
