1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
deprive the President of that advice which he
has a right to seek.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say to the Senator
that there is a provision for that; I did not
read the whole bill:
Provided, That this act shall not apply to the
action of Senators upon nominations submitted by
the President to the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. That does not reach the
point exactly. It may be embarrassing for the
President to send in a nomination, and he may
desire the advice of a Senator as to the pro-
priety of sending it in ; but we propose by law
now to deprive the President of a right which
is secured to him in the very Constitution of the
Government. That is the objection which has
occurred to me.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask the Senator from Illinois whether this bill
will not place it in the power of any man to
defeat any nomination whatsoever on the part
of the President by simply advising in favor
of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ver-
mont will read the bill he will find that it will
not. It provides that it shall be unlawful " to
make any appointment so solicited, recom-
mended, or advised on the privity of the appli-
cant." If the applicant is privy to getting this
recommendation, then he cannot be appointed.
Mr. POMEROY. How is the President to
know whether the applicant is privy or not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If he does not know
it the prohibition would not apply. All laws
are evaded.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois whether he has heard of
any recommendation from any Senator being
heeded ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ne-
vada surely does not want me to go into the
general abuses of the system of appointments.
Mr. NYE. I have not heard of any sena-
torial recommendations being heeded lately.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Whether they are heed-
ed or not, there is probably more time wasted
in making such recommendations than ought
to 1)3.
Mr. NYE. The President has sent an Indian
agent up to my country irom Kansas. I do
not like that. The Senators from my State, if
consulted, would have said 110.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps the Senators
from Kansas were consulted ?
Mr. POMEROY. The Senators from Kan-
sas were not consulted ; at least one was not.
Mr. NYE. The man appointed is a man
known by nobodv.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator
from Illinois whether, under his system, the
vacancies happening in the Departments in
ttiis city would not be filled up by appoint-
ments from the District of Columbia. The
lemoter States not being allowed, by their
Representatives, to make suggestions, of course
the heads of Departments would have to take
persons from the District of Columbia.
Mr. TltUMBULL. I think not. If Con-
gress divests itself of this subject, the respons-
ibility is then upon the head of the Depart-
ment. He will be held responsible for the per-
sons he appoints to office, and there will be no
political influence here to compel him to keep
incompetent men in and no political influence
here to compel him to appoint incompetent
men. Let the whole responsibility be put upon
each of the Secretaries, the heads of Depart-
ments, to appoint proper men ; andif theduties
are not properly performed, if more clerks are
there than are needed, Congress will hold the
proper Secretary responsible. If he should
make his appointments all from the District
of Columbia, the Senator from Minnesota would
not be slow to hold him responsible for an
abuse of his power. But each head of Depart-
ment would then act under that high responsi-
bility which is a strong inducement to a man
juoperly to discharge hia duty.
An objection is suggested by the Senator
from Kansas, that this interferes with the con-
stitutional prerogatives of Senators. Of course,
if the bill was susceptible of such a construc-
tion, it should be changed ; but I do not think
it is. As the bill was originally drawn it con-
tained a provision of this character: "except
such recommendation " be " by a Senator in
giving his advice and consent in the manner
provided in the Constitution." If the Senator
from Kansas likes those words better, declaring
in so many words that nothing herein contained
shall interfere with any Senator giving his ad-
vice and consent, as provided in the Constitu-
tion, that certainly would cover the case; and
that is the way the hill was originally drawn ;
but the committee changed it; and, as I said
before, I was not myself favorable to the change.
I would rather have the bill as it was originally
introduced to begin with ; but the committee
thought differently, and I am ready to go for
the bill as the committee amended it.
Mr. STEWART. I would suggest to the
Senator from Illinois that he had better move
to continue the bill, or the expiration of the
morning hour will cut it off.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour having expired, the Calendar is before
the Senate; and the first bill on the Calendar
is the bill for the relief of J. Milton Best, on
which the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Kentucky will allow me to move to postpone
that, or lay it aside informally, we can see
whether this bill may not be acted upon.
Mr. DAVIS. If it does not lose its place
I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If laid aside
informally it will not lose its place ; any Sen-
ator can call it up. The Senator from Illinois
asks that the pending bill be laid aside inform-
ally, for the purpose of continuing the consid-
eration of Senate bill No. 98. The Chair
hears 110 objection, and it is so ordered.
Mr. CRAGIN. I should like the attention
of the Senator from Illinois. As the law now
stands, it will be recollected that members of
the House of Representatives are authorized or
directed to nominate young men for cadets at
West Point and midshipmen at Annapolis. I
ask whether this bill repeals that, or prevents
their recommending the appointment of young
men from their districts?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was not intended to
reach those cases. They are designated in an
act of Congiess, and that designation virtually,
I believe, amounts to an appointment, although
the law does not so read. It was not intended
to interfere with that.
Mr. CRAGIN. I feared it might.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should haveno objec-
tion, if the Senatorfrom New Hampshire appre-
hends that the bill may interfere with the nom-
ination of midshipmen and cadets, to have an
amendment inserted that would cover that case;
but I do not think the bill as it is does that.
There are, however, two amendments pending
now, and we must first dispose of those before
any other amendments can be made. For my
own part, although as the organ of the com-
mittee I shall support the amendment reported,
I should be quite satisfied with the bill as it
was originally introduced, leaving the Presi-
dent, if he should think proper, to ask inform-
ation of any member of Congress, limiting
the member to a reply in writing. I would
prefer to begin with that; but if the Senate
should think, as the committee did, that it is
better to cut the thing up by the roots, I shall
be quite satisfied.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Oregon
to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Perhaps this amendment
will embarrass the passage of this bill, and I do
not know exactly what its effect will be; and,
with the consent of the Senate, I will withdraw
my amendment to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
withdraw his amendment, there having been
no vote on it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If I expected to remain
in Congress I should oppose the passage of this
bill as an impracticable piece of legislation',
but as I expect to retire at the end of this ses-
sion and be 011 the outside, I rather think it
will be an advantage to those on the outside to
have charge of these appointments, [laughter,]
and for that reason lam rather in favor of the
bill at this time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end of
the proviso of the committee's amendment:
N or to any advice, verbal or in writing, which may
be offered at the request, in writing, of the Presi-
dent, or any head of a Department.
I think that will improve it.
Mr. SHER.MAN. I have thought a good
deal of this bill since it was under discission
at the last session of Congress. At first my
impressions were against it, on the simple
ground that it changed the established customs
of the country since the foundation of the Gov-
ernment; but the more I have reflected upon
it the more I see that it is necessary, not only
to relieve ourselves, but to relieve the Pres-
ident from the embarrassment of his position.
The position in which the President is now
placed with regard to Congress is a constant
source of irritation. Members of Congress,
especially of the House of Representatives,
claim the right to dictate local appointments,
and if their wishes are not yielded to in every
case it creates at once a cause of quarrel, which
finds its outlet in some legislation or other. In
the Senate, perhaps, that is not so much so;
but even here we caqnot deny that the power
claimed by Senators and members to interfere
in appointments does create a constant state
of irritation between the legislative and execu-
tive departments ef the Government. These
two departments should be as distinct and
marked as if they were separated by a broad
river. The only connection between the execu-
tive and legislative departments, so far as ap-
pointments are concerned, should be between
tbe President and the Senate. The legislative
power ought to be strongly marked and defined,
and separated from the executive branch of the
Government.
The objection which at first occurred to me
to this bill was this: how can the President
in our great country, spreading over so vast
an extent, gain the requisite information aa to
the various local appointments to be made?
There is a great deal of force in that objec-
tion, and therefore I would not vote for this
bill unless the President had the right, at his
option, to call upon a member or a Delegate
in Congress for local information. It seems
to me that without such a provision the bill
would be wrong.
These appointments ought, in the first place,
to come from the President, unbiased either
by the judicial or the legislative branches of
the Government; but the President ought to
have the right to seek information everywhere,
not only from members of Congress, but from
Governors of States, from his Cabinet officers,
and from all his surroundings; but in the selec-
tion of officers he ought not to be embarrassed
by the demands of persons upon, whose votes
he is daily subject, in the course of ordinary
legislation, and over whom he might wish by
patronage to establish a control.
I have regarded this measure forthelastyear
as being not a complete civil service reform in
itself, but as being an entering-wedge indis-
pensably necessary to bring about a civil ser-
vice reform. You will never be able to pass
through Congress a bill for civil service reform
separating the civil service in the Executive
Departments entirely from the legislative until
the unconstitutional habit that has sprung up
in this country of allowing members of Con-
gress to control appointments is broken up.
Unless we ourselves abdicate, surrender, give
up that power of control over the executive
