1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
the presence of wc three parties, and no one clso
besides wo three parties.
I consented to have fehe notes made to me, and had
them made to nay order and indorsed them at the
request of said JIanscom, without any interest or
benefit to myself, understanding at the time that all
1 did, was a matter of favor to Mr. Hanscom, and
that it was to cover up some transaction with Mr.
Wiggin respecting his getting the appointment of
master blacksmith in the Navy. I paid to Mr. Hans-
com ten dollars on one of the notes, at the request
of Mr. Wiggin, it being for money lowed said Wig-
gin, and the same was indorsed on one of the said
notes. I understood, both from said Wiggin and said
llanscom, that the notes were fully paid by the said
Wiggin before I loft the yard, but T had no interest
therein except as here stated, and never received a
cent from either party for anything I did in the
matter. And further this deponent saith not.
J. II. MACOMBEK.
Boston, M<ty 0,1870.
Then personally appeared the above-named J. H,
Mdcoxnbcr and made oath that the foregoing state-
ment and alhdavit by him subscribed is true.
Before mc, JOHN D. LONG,
[l. S.J "• Notary Public.
Mr. ARCIIEil. Aa I am unable to speak,
I will yield the rest of my time to the gentle-
man from California, [Mr. Sakoext.]
Mr. SARGENT. How much time is left?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maryland has none of the ten minutes left.
Mr. SARGENT. Well, I want to be heard
on this matter, but I am perfectly willing that
thegentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
shall first be heard.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I yield five min-
utes to the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Saugext.]
Mr. SARGENT. Mi-. Speaker, the indi-
vidual whom it is now proposed to replace re-
signed of his own accord, probably on account
of the statement which was made to the Navy
Department of his complicity in the disgrace-
ful transactions which are recited in the affida-
vits which have been read. It may be that he
resigned under an idea that these things could
be proved against him and that he would with-
draw himself from the danger of an ignomin-
ious expulsion from the service. It is possible
that the theory of this bill is that the statute
of limitations applies to such transactions as
these, and that a man who was so corrupt as
to indulge in them at that time may hope now
that oblivion has covered his acts and that he
may come forward and ask to be reinstated.-
I hold that if he was so corrupt as was sliown
by-these affidavits in 1SGG he is not fit in 1ST1
for thi.' position in t'.-.e civil service of the Navy
Department.
Now, sir, it, is proposed not merely to rein-
Btato this man, but by this bill he is to be put
over the heads of men who since that time
have faithfully and honestly discharged all
their duties to the Government. He is not to
come in at the foot of the list, where a man
might be placed if he repented of such trans-
actions, but he is to be put over the heads of
men who have performed arduous services dur-
ing all this time, and they are to be degraded
for the benefit of a man who, if this testi-
mony is to be believed—and it seems he him-
self believed it, for he resigned rather than
have it examined and stand a trial on it—was
guilty of such conduct. For the benefit of such
a man other officers are to be degraded in
position and rank by having him placed over
their heads in'the service. Now, sir, this
certainly would be wrong, even if this man's
character were white as snow. But many ot
us have reason to believe that there is a well-
founded suspicion against his integrity; that
he sold out Government offices, that he made
merchandise of his influence in order to fill
his own pockets, that he made merchandise
of his influence to get men placed in Govern-
ment ollices. And if there were no such sus-
picion as this, if his character were as fair as a
lily, it would be wrong that a man who volun-
tarily went out of the service, at a time when
the service required that men should remain
in it to assist the Government by their skill
and experience, shall come back to the place
te formerly filled, lie ought at least to take
a seat at the foot of the class. I object to
the bill for both of these reasons.
I do not believe, I cannot believe, from what
I know of this case—and I have paid some
little attention to it for a number of months
past—that this can be a unanimous report of
the Committee on Naval Affairs of this House.
In form it. is a report from the Committee on
Naval Affairs. But I know it to be a fact—I
am not a member of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and I am not entitled to speak for that
committee—but I know it to be the fact that
this very proposition was once considered by
the committee and voted down by them. But
by some means, I do not know what—by some
lifting process which enables bills to slide
through committees after once acted upon and
rejected by them, by some influences that some-
times seem to affect committees, this case
seems no>vto have been reconsidered, and the
vote was reconsidered which stamped this bill
as one unfit to be passed ; and it is now brought
forward with the apparent sanction of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, for the purpose of
whitewashing this man and restoring him to
his old position.
Mr. ARCHER. I am a member of the
minority of the Committee on Naval Affairs
and opposed to this bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I am glad to hear it. I
now recollect that the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Archer] is a member of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. It would be a mat-
ter of some interest to know whether he stands
alone on the bill ia that respect. I would ask
the gentleman how that may be?
Mr. ARCHER. That is not for me to say.
Each member must speak for himself.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I voted against this bill
in committee, and I shall vote against it here.
Mr. SARGENT. I believe if this matter
could be thoroughly sifted there would scarcely
be a vote in favor of this bill in this House.
At any rate, I believe this man should not be
restored with this stigma hanging upon him.
The Committee on Naval Affairs were aware
of all these facts. Why did they not state them
to the House ? They say this man once built
certain ships and rendered certain services to
the Government. If he was so valuable to
the Government why did he resign V Sir,
these documents were before the Secretary of
the Navy, and on account of them this man
left his place, it, is to be supposed to avoid !
punishment. And it is now proposed to pick
him up, and not only restore him to the ser
vice, but to place him high up on the list and
over the heads of meritorious men who have
earned by their services the promotion tliey
have received.
That is not the way we should treat this
matter. It seems to me that it is the duty of
Congress, when there are whispers in all direc-
tions of corruptions and dishonest practices,
when we are told that this or that Government
officer in the past, and even in the present, is
lending his position and influence to nefarious
ends, so that the funds of the Government are
not safe; that sharpers are procuring legis-
lation to suit their own purposes, while hon-
est men have less show, to carefully examine
all cases brought forward. We should inquire
into the character of men who come forward
like this man with these stains upon him and
ask to be reinstated in the service.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargext] is under an
entire misapprehension in regard to this mat-
ter. 1 will state more fully the facts in this
case than I did when I was up before, and
then I will yield to gentlemen who know all
the facts.
It is claimed that one Wiggin, who was a
workman in the Charlestown navy-yard, has
made an affidavit which implicates Mr. llans-
com in some particulars in an effort to get an
office for some one hi that yard. This Wicgiu
also attempts to implicate in that transaction
Mr. (Jooch, who was formerly a member of
this House and the predecessor of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] who
sits near me.
Now, sir, what is that statement upon which
the gentleman from California [Mr. Sargkxt]
says there is a necessity for whitewashing? I
am not here to whitewash the character of Mr.
Hanscom or of any other man. I will leave
that to the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Sargext,] if he wishes to use the whitewash
brush. 1 am not here to do that. I represent
the wishes of the majority of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and I think if gentlemen will
listen to the facts as stated they will vote for
this bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I have examined the case
fully myself.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. This Wiggin
makes a statement that Mr. Hanscom, who
was at the head of construction at the Charles-
town navy-yard, who built these serviceable
ships, who had an excellent character 111 the
community, was implicated with a former
member of Congress, well known to this House,
in getting, for $300, a place for this Wiggin.
Now, gentlemen who have listened to the
statements which have been read at the desk
must be convinced, I think, that, irrespective
of counter affidavits, rio reliance whatever is to
be placed upon the statement of this Wiggin.
But there are counter affidavits which will be
read if necessary, although I do not think it
necessary to occupy the time of the House at
present in reading them.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Not now. I say
there are counter affidavits which show con-
clusively that this Wiggin letter was a trumped-
up affair; that it was written for the purpose
of crowding Hanscom out of the service.
Mr. SARGENT. Will thegentleman allow
me to ask him a question upon this particular
point ? Why did Hanscom resign ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. 1 will tell why
he resigned. I was saying that this Wiggin
affidavit was a trumped-up affair; and mem-
bers who have listened to the reading of that
affidavit are, I think, satisfied that such is the
fact. But there are counter affidavits which
show the animus of this movement from begin-
ning to end.
Mr. SARGENT. Well, why did Hanscom
resign ?
Mr. SfARKY\ EATHER. The ge,ult-mau
may continue to ask that question, I tell him
that the reason was not any charges preferred
against him at the Navy Department, but
because he gave to that Department certain
advice. This, as I know, was the reason.
The Government was then having constructed
twenty light-draught monitors. Mr. Hanscom,
as a naval constructor, gave his opinion that
those monitors, which were to cost the Gov-
ernment about twenty million dollars, would
never float. After he had expressed that
opinion the Navy Department, then under the
conduct of Mr. Welles, began to make his posi-
tion uncomfortable for him. When those
twenty light-draught monitors were completed
Mr. Hanscom's statement proved true: they
never did float: they have never been of any
service to the Governmeut. The Government
has been defrauded of §20,000,000 which might
have been saved if regard had been paid to Lis
opinion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As I wish to under-
stand this matter, I would like to ask the gen-
tleman one question: cannot the President or
the Secretary of the Navy, if he sees fit, rein-
state this gentleman?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. That is just what
this bill provides, that if these officers deem
it expedient Mr. Hanscom shall be reinstated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Cannot it be done
without the passage of this bill?
Mr. BANKS. I will answer that question,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. All the answer it
requires is ,lyes" or <!!io.''
