1320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Mr. BANKS. I wish to say a few words on
this subject, because it is one which concerns
the reputation of as honorable a man as any in
this House, as worthy a citizen as any living
in the State of Massachusetts. And I say to
the gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
that this matter will not be terminated by a
few minutfes' discussion here; the discussion
will be continued hereafter.
I say to the House that this is one of the
hundreds or thousands of cases in which in-
nocent men have been deeply wronged by
persons connected with the Government of,
the country and have had no chance to make
their cases ltnown to the public. There are
many thousand men who. like Mr. Ilanscom,
have been hunted as if by demons for no
other purpose than to secure their destruction ;
and we mean that in good time those cases
shall be presented, if no.t to the Government at
least to the people of this country. From the
bottom of my heart I thank the Committee on
Naval Affairs that they have brought this case
to the attention of the House; and I hope that
gentlemen here will give us a hearing upon it,
because it is one that concerns not only the
honor of a citizen, but the honor of the nation.
Mr. FARNSW9RTH. Will the gentleman
answer my question, whether Mr. Hanscom
cannot be reinstated without the adoption of
this proposed legislation ?
Mr. BANKS. 1 will answer that question
in a moment. I asked the Secretary of the
Navy to reinstate this man. He said, "I
would be glad to do so. I am satisfied &e
want moie men in the Nayy of this man's
character. He has capacity, and it is capa-
city we want in the Navy. But it is doubted
here whether I have the authority. If I had
the authority I would do it." A Senator of
the United States and member of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs on the part of the Senate
asked, "Is it necessary that Congress should
express an opinion on the subject?" The
Secretary answered, "If Congress would ex-
press an opinion giving me authority, remov-
ing the doubt existing in my own mind and
more especially in the minds of the officers of
the Government—if Congress expresses an
opinion giving me authority, I will ask nothing
else. That, Mr. Speaker, is what this resolu-
tion proposes, to give this authority; and it
is not. right for us in a contested case of this
kind to demand that the Secretary of the Navy
shall settle everything for himself where there
is doubt abojit it.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman does not
respond to the question. Cannot any citizen
of the United States, otherwise competent, be
appointed to this office if the President sees
fit? Where is the necessity of putting this
man over the heads of others?
Mr. BANKS. That would not be taken to be
a question in New England. It is too long. If
the gentleman wants to make an argument he
will make one; but when he rises to ask a ques-
tion he ought to be content to ask it. I say to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
tbat when the Secretary of the Navy says to
me, in the presence of a Senator of the United
States, that he desires this man's service, that
he has capacity, that there are doubts whether
he has the power, but if Congress gives him
the power lie will then settle the question for
himself 
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman says he
will answer a question.
Mr. BANKS. Ask it.
Mr. SARGENT. Has the Secretary of the
Navy sent any communication of that kind to
this House?
Mr. BANKS. The Secretary of the Navy
said to me what 1 have stated, in the presence
of a member of the Committee on Naval Affairs
of the Senate. If the gentleman disputes my
veracity I will furnish evidence.
Mr. SARGENT. Not at all; but I am not
to be overborne by a statement that the Secre-
tary of the Navy, the President, or anybody
else has made statements affecting legislation.
If he makes communications to Congress I
have a right to have official evidence of it. I
wish to see the official record. Has the Sec-
retary sent us any communication?
Mr. BANKS. I have tried to answer the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not quite sat-
isfied with the answer of the gentleman from
Massachusetts to my question. It seems to
me that the President may reappoint this man,
that the Secretary of the Navy may reappoint
him; .but he desires his record shall not be
investigated by Congress, but the Secretary <Jf
the Navy shall receive the pressure of an act
of Congress to make him do it.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let me ask the
question.
Mr. BANKS. Ask it, then.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the gentle-
man not believe that the Secretary of the
Navy is better qualified to investigate the
record of this man?
Mr. BANKS. That is not the question here.
I do not yield to the gentleman to ask that
question. The Secretary of the Navy asks for
no investigation. There is nothing in this case
against Mr. Hanscoin, so far as 1 understood
the Secretary. He is not satisfied, however,
that he has the authority, the legal authority,
to place this man in the position which he
occupied before he resigned.
Mr. HALE. Did the Secretary of the Navy
state to the gentleman upon what he bases .his
doubt, as a matter of law, as to the authority
of the President to reappoint this man without
the intervention of Congress? If so, I should
like the gentleman to state it to the House, so
we may know what is the objection of law in
the Secretary's mind.
Mr. BANKS. We did not argue the ques-
tion of law. He stated the fact that he had
not the authority and he would be glad if au-
thority would be given to him. We did not
argue the point. If it were not for this doubt
the President and Secretary of the Navy would
be glad to appoint this man.
Mr. ARCHER rose.
Mr. BANKS. Not now. The gentleman
from Illinois ungenerously and without found-
ation insinuates we shun investigation of this
case. The Secretary is satisfied this man
should be reappointed, and all he asks is
authority to do so.
This case has been examined by the Secre-
tary of the Navy. It has been examined by
the Committee on Naval Affairs of the Senate.
It has been examined, and this joint resolution
has been approved unanimously, by the Senate
of the United States. It has been examined
by the Committee on Naval Affairs of this
House for more than one year. And while
everything that could be done by the officers
of the Navy Department to defeat and destroy
this man has been done, each and all of these
authorities having examined the case fully and
thoroughly have given their approval to the
proposition to reiustate him.
And I say in reply to the statement of the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Sargent,]
that Mr. Hanscom bears as honorable a repu-
tation as any man in the State of Massachu-
setts. There is no man more free from guile.
And as regards the evidence which has been
seut here by Admiral Porter against him, I say
to this House that he is as much superior in
the judgment of the people of this couutry in
point of reputation to Admiral Porter as the
apostle John was to the traitor Judas.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; not now. I want to
submit to the House the merits of this question.
Mr. SARGENl1. 1 hope some time will be
allowed us.
Mr. BANKS. We will give you as much
time as you want. Mr. Speaker, this gentle
man had been for many years in the service
of 'the Government in the Navy. As the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Stark-
weather] who reported this joint resolution
from the Committee on Naval Affairs has
stated, he built the best ships in the Navy.
He built the Franklin, which Admiral Farragut
declared, after he had circumnavigated the
globe in her, was the best ship that was ever
afloat on the sea. He built the Monadnock,
one of the trial monitors, saving to the Gov-
ernment a year's time and nearly twenty-live
or thirty per cent, in the cost, and making one
of the very best ships in the service in point
of speed and in other respects. And to-day
I challenge contradiction to the assertion that
there is no naval constructor that is superior
in point of capacity, or that has done greater
service in the exercise of his profession, than
this man.
We are told from the Navy Department that
Mr. Hanscom has been charged with criminal
practices. And the gentleman from Califor-
nia [Mr. Sargent] has intimated very ungen-
erously and unfairly that he resigned in order
to escape a criminal prosecution. I ask the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent] and
I ask this House what right have the officers
of the Navy Department, if tliey detected a
prominent officer of the Government iu that
which is a penitentiary offense, or which sub-
jects him to a criminal prosecution, what right
have they to compound that felony and to
let him go? Sir, it' the charges were true—
as they are false, false as hell, from beginning
to end—his character and his position would
be better this day and hour than those of the
officers of the Navy who compounded the fel-
ony and let him go in order that they might
get his place for one of their friends. Sit, it
is infamous; yes, infamous, that the Navy
Department should come here and say, " \\ e
detected a man in that which should have sent
him to the penitentiary, and let him go that
we might get his place lor one of our friends."
But there is no truth in these charges.
They have mentioned the name of Hun. Mr.
Gooch, my predecessor in this House, who
held at that time the seat 1 now hold for a
portion of the Middlesex district. He stated
to the committee that the charges are all
false from beginning to end; that there is
nothing in them that criminates the character
of Mr.-Hanscom. And I know the man on
whose testimony it is said the proof of these
charges rests, Mr. Wiggin, and while I do not
wish to impugn his character I will say he is
a weak and irresolute man. Finding that,
Hanscom was opposed, and desiring Imnself
to get the place and to have the favor of the
Government, he lent himself to the men who
conducted the bureaus of the Navy Depart-
ment here to strike down and destroy this
upright man.
Now, Mr. Wiggin came here to testify, as
people would have supposed, voluntarily be-
fore the committee. I was before the commit-
tee at the same time, by Iiaiiseom's request,
to state what I knew about his character.
And after ihe examination was completed,
after the testimony was in, Mr. Wiggin came
to my room. I think he was appointed on my
recommendation originally. But at any late,
after tbat investigation by the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and after he had given this de-
famatory evidence against Mr. Ilanscom, Mr.
Wiggin came to my room and said, "If you
will give me your name I can get, an appoint-
ment from the Navy Department." Said I,
" It is impossible for me to doit. I have given
many men my name, and all the men I recom-
mend cannot be appointed." lie said, " 1 am
assured that if you give me your name I can
get my appointment at the Navy Department.''
And I state here, upon my honor as a man, ihat
I believe that this man was brought heie by
men connected with the Navy Depaittuenl,
and that he had assurances from tbein that if
he could get the cover of the name of a member
of this House to shield his appointment he
