294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
appointments, we cannot expect to agree upon
a civil service reform. I am, for one, entirely
prepared to surrender the little power I may
be thought to have in recommending appoint-
ments, and to leave the President unembar-
rassed, uncontrolled by me in appointments
to office. If he desires any information from
me he can get it. In that way the intercourse
between the legislative and executive depart-
ments of the Government can be put upon its
constitutional footing of absolute and entire
independence, and then neither the President
can interfere with the duty of a member of
Congress, nor can a member of Congress in-
terfere with the duty of the President, and
the Senate can exercise' its proper check and
control over appointments when submitted to
it in the constitutional way.
With an amendment such as is proposed by
the honorable Senator from Vermont, or an
amendment which I drew myself at my desk
hastily, embodying the same idea, or for the
original bill as submitted by the Senator from
Illinois, I am willing to vote; but I would not
cut off in the slightest degree any source of
information that it is in the power of the Pres-
ident to have. If he desires at any time to ask
the opinion of a member of Congress in regard
to any matter iu which he may wish local in-
formation, he ought to be at liberty to get it,
and the member of Congress ought to be at
liberty to submit it. With that modification I
am willing to vote for this bill.
Mr. M OIITON". Mr. President, I had
hardly supposed that it was seriously contem-
plated to push the passage of this bill. The
bill, in my opinion, is unconstitutional from
beginning to end, and proceeds upon false
principles. I undertake to say that this
Government could not be readily nor safely
administered upon this bill.
Why, sir, what does the bill propose to do?
It makes it a penal offense for me to exercise
u right that belongs to every citizen of the
United States. Every person in these gal-
leries, every postmaster has the right to rec-
ommend to the President for appointments
to otiice; but this bill proposes to make it a
criminal offense for a Senator to do so. Why,
sir, the proposition needs but to be stated to
be understood. The chosen representatives
of the States, and the chosen Representatives
of the people in the other House, are the only
persons in the United States who are to have
no rights in making recommendations for
office, and are criminals if they do. And
then the President is a criminal if he dares to
make an appointment that has been advised
by a Senator, if it is done with the knowledge
of the person whose appointment is advised.
Have we aright to make the President a crim-
inal for doing that?
Why, sir, what is the effect of it? If a Sen-
ator recommends a man with his knowledge
he becomes ineligible. Have we a right to
establish a qualification for office of that kind ?
It would be a clear violation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. It lias been decided
by the Senate, that where a State constitution
provided that a man holding a State office, for
example that of Governor of a State, was'not
eligible during his term of office to be elected
to the Senate of the United States, such pro-
vision was a nullity, and no State constitution
had the power to fix an additional qualification
for office ; that if a man possessed the qualifi-
cations prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States no State could make him inel-
igible for any other ground. And yet here we
propose to make a man ineligible, in other
words, to make the President a criminal for his
appointments, if he shall have been recom-
mended by the chosen representative of a
State, or the chosen Representative of the
people in the other House.
Mr. President, this is the most extraordinary
proposition that I ever heard of in the Senate.
The President has the right to appoint whom
he pl<nu.es to office it" the man is eligible under li
the Constitution of the United States, and we
cannot make him a criminal for so doing, no
matter who has recommended him, or whether
he has been recommended by anybody or not.
But, sir, how do we degrade ourselves ! The
proposition, upon its very face, is one degrad-
ing to the Senate. We propose to say that we
are the only men in this country who cannot
be trusted to recommend a man for office. I
know there are some people in this country
who believe that everybody in Congress is cor-
rupt, and if we pass this bill they will have a
right to believe that we think so ; that we our-
selves are willing to legislate on the idea that
we cannot safely be trusted to recommend men
for appointments.
Why, sir, I should be glad to be relieved of
this labor. It is particularly afflicting to me
in my present state of health. But what right
have I to be relieved of it ? If I take the office
of Senator I take it with its burdens. Sen-
ators complain of these burdens, how they are
importuned by office-seekers, and yet some of
them have been here two terms, perhaps three,
and they might be willing, with all these bur-
dens, to come back for a fourth term. But
they are complaining of the importunities to
which they are subjected. They want to make
the place entirely pleasant, relieved of all re-
sponsibilities and of all disagreeable features.
Sir, when a man accepts the office of Senator,
or the office of Representative, he takes it with
its responsibilities and with its annoyances.
But this bill actually undertakes to make the
President liable to fine for making an appoint-
ment on the recommendation of a Senator or
Representative. Why, sir, listen to it:
And it shall bo unlawful for the President, or
any head of a Department or bureau, to make any
appointment so solicited, recommended, or advised,
on tbe privity of the applicant, and any person
who shall violate this act shall be guilty of a misde-
meanor, and on conviotion thereof shall lie fined
not exceeding $1,000.
The President, or the Secretary of War, or
the Secretary of the Navy who shall make an
appointment which has been recommended by
a Senator, with the knowledge of the person
recommended, is liable to a fine of $1,000 !
Mr. President, this bill would be a failure
in every respect. Suppose it should contain
the amendment recommended by my friend
from Ohio, that the President shall have the
right to call upon members of Congress for
their opinion, but that they cannot give it
unless they are called upon"; they are to be
degraded. They are to have no right to open
their mouths unless they are bid to do so. The
clerk of the Senator's committee may go and
recommend a person to office, but the Senator
himself cannot do it without subjecting him-
self to a penalty.
Now, let ns suppose it to be the law that the
President has a right to call on members of
Congress for information in regard to appoint-
ments, but they have no right to give an opin-
ion without it; how much are they relieved?
Would not the President at least feel under
political and moral obligation, ordinarily, to
consult his political friends in either House as
to appointments from their States? Would
not that be expected as a matter of course, and
would it not be regarded as unfriendly if he
did not do it? The Senator from Illinois would
expect to be consulted in regard to the general
appointments in his State, and he would feel
himself neglected and slighted if he were not
consulted. Then he would be called upon by
the President, and would expect to be. The
people would understand that. Every man who
wanted to be a district attorney or a marshal in
his State would understand that the Senator
would be called upon to give his opinion, and
so he would send his application to the Presi-
dent and refer the President to the Senator
from Illinois; and that is the way they would
all do, and the Senator would not be relieved
at all. The President, instead of being re-
lieved, would be placed under additional em-
barrassment, because having the right under
the law to consult the members from the State
or the Senators from the State, if he failed to
do it it would at once be regarded as an un-
friendly act; and he would do it in all cases,
and thepeople would understand that he would
do it, and so those seeking office would refer
him to the members, and then they would go
and press their applications on the members
just as they do now.
Now, Mr. President, I come to the principle
of the bill, and insist that it is false in itself. I
undertake to say that the greatest security an
Executive can have, who can know but a very
small number of the American people, is the
fact that he can rely upon members of Con-
gress, his political friends, for recommenda-
tions to office. How so? Take a member of
the House. He is expected to recommend, if
he is a political friend of the President, for the
local offices in his district. The people under-
stand that, and if there is a bad appointment
made, if there is a bad postmaster, if a horse-
thief is appointed postmaster, they hold the
member of Congress directly responsible for it.
They expect that in the natural course of things
he has recommended that man. Therefore it
becomes his interest at once to recommend
good men for these offices; his reelection de-
pends upon it.
How is it with regard to a Senator? He is
expected to recommend for general appoint-
ments in his State, for marshals, district attor-
neys, and officers of other grades. The people
understand that; and if he recommends a bad
man they hold him responsible for it. It goes
directly to the question of his popularity,
directly to the question of his reelection ; and
the President has this security where appoint-
ments are recommended by members of Con-
gress.
I remember the speech made by the Senator
from Illinois at the last session on this subject.
How did he propose then that the President
should get the necessary information for his
guidance in making appointments to office?
He said the President could write to the
postmasters. Suppose he did, and suppose
the postmaster recommended a horse-thief
to office; the President is held responsible for
the appointment before the country. Nobody
knows who recommended the man. The
people know the member of Congress did
not. But here some postmaster who has been
written to has recommended his particular
friend; it is a bad appointment, but nobody
knows who recommended it. There is no
responsibility anywhere except with the Pres-
ident of the United States. The President
would be doing a fine business to be writing to
postmasters and other persons throughout the
country, who have no responsibility in the mat-
ter, asking their opinion as to whom he should
appoint United States marshal, or district attor-
ney, or postmaster in some other town. Why,
sir, it would be a perfect failure. Now, sup-
pose that members of Congress are ordinarily
honest; suppose that they are as honest as
other people on the average, although this bill
does not suppose anything of the kind 
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him a Question ?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly,
Mr. NYE. Suppose by some mishap, by
some chance, a Senator should find out that a
most unworthy man was being recommended
and likely to receive an appointment to office ;
would he be subject to this penalty if he should
tell the President of that fact?
Mr. SHERMAN. He can tell it to us on the
question of confirmation.
Mr. NYE. That is not the question I ask.
Suppose it should be known to my colleague
that an unfit man was recommended as post-
master at Virginia City, where he lives, a man
whom he knew to be a thief; would he subject
himself to the penalty of this bill if he went to
the President and kindly suggested to him that
that man wa3 a thief and had been convicted
of larceny ?
