1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
Mr. MORTON. I do not know whether
opposing a nomination would come within the
penalties of this bill; but I will state what would
come within it.
Mr. NYE. If you cannot recommend, you
cannot oppose. I simply desire to know
whether I should be put in the penitentiary
for doing that act, instead of the thief?
[Laughter. ]
Mr. MORTON. I suppose prima facie you
would, underthis bill. [Laughter.] But I will
state a case that will come as near the Sen-
ator's question as I can. Suppose the Senator
from Nevada should hear that two men in his
State were applicants for the office of United
States marshal; suppose that one of tlwm was
a felon and the other an honest man, but the
Senator should be of the opinion that the
President did not know that fact; and to pre-
vent the appointment of the felon he should
go and tell the President that he had better
appoint the other man ; and suppose the man
he recommended should know the fact; what
would be the effect if the President should
make the appointment? In the first place,
the President himself becomes a criminal,
liable to pay a fine of $1,000 for having ap-
pointed a man recommended by a Senator
with the privity of the man appointed. In
the next place, the Senator is a criminal' and
subject to a similar fine for having recom-
mended this good man for the appointment,
and having intervened to prevent the appoint-
ment of a felon. That is the effect of this
bill
Mr. President, I have been betrayed into
this little speech. It seems to me most won-
derful that we should propose to legislate our-
selves as the only class of men in this coun-
try who cannot be trusted with the power of
making recommendations to the President for
appointments. Why, sir, the election of a
man as a Senator from a State implies at least
that he has got some character, and that there
is a portion of the people of that State who
believe that he is a respectable and good man.
He has that indorsement and he comes here
with it. The election of a Representative in
the other House brings with it the indorse-
ment that at least a pait of the people of that
district believe him to be a worthy and respons-
ible man. It is not for me to say whether these
presumptions are good or not; but I say these
presumptions do exist. And yet by this bill
we are not permitted to give our opinion on
the subject of appointments to office, but the
President is required to fall back upon others
who have no official or political or public re-
sponsibility whatever, who may recommend for
the most venal or mercenary purposes, and
yet the public will never know that they were
instrumental in procuring the appointment of
a bad man.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. I think the Senate had as
well proceed to business. I call for the order
of the day.
Mr. CAMERON. I was going to do so.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Ramsey
in the chair.) The Senator from Kentucky
calls for the regular order, which is the bill (S.
No. GG7) for the relief of Dr. J. Milton Rest.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Kentucky will allow me, I should like to see
if we could not put this bill down for to-mor-
row or some other day, when we may call it up
and dispose of it. I am not disposed to debate
it at length, but I can assure the Senator from
Indiana that I am in earnest in reference to it.
1 think that he never made a truer remaik in
his life than the one he made toward the close
of his speech, that he had been betrayed into
making the little speech that he has made.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Illinois to be to fix
a day ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we can, to consider
this bill, if the Senator from Kentucky will
allow me to make that motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to that
motion being made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move that the
bill we now have under consideration be post-,
poned and made the order of the day for—will
it interfere with the Senator from Ohio if I
say to-morrow?
Mr. SHERMAN". I desire to pass the bill
that I referred to this morning to-morrow. It
will not take much time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the morning hour?
Mr. SHERMAN. Probably not. It is too
long for that.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. A codification of the
mint laws.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, I will say next
Monday. That will not interfere with anybody.
I ask the Senate to make the bill now under
consideration the order for one o'clock oil Mon-
day next.
Mr. CAMERON. I think we had better not
set a particular day for the consideration of this
bill. It will not go through in an hour nor in
a day. We had better let it take its own way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I make the motion that
it be postponed until Monday next and made
the special order for one o'clock on that day.
The PRESIDIN G OFFICER. That motion
requires a vote of two thirds.
Mr. CAMERON. Before that question is
put I object. The motion is out of order now,
and I call for the order of the day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not out of order.
I had the permission of the Senator from Ken-
tucky to make the motion.
Mr. CAMERON, lint I object now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the ob-
jection of the Senator from Pennsylvania the
bill passes over, and the bill upon which the
Senator from Kentucky is entitled to the floor
is before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMB ULL. Is it not in order to
make my motion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itisobjected
to. The bill of the Senator from Kentucky is
before the Senate, and the motion of the Sen-
ator from Illinois can only be entertained by
unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ken-
tucky was kind enough to yield to allow me to
make this motion.
Mr. DAVIS. Without prejudicing the posi-
tion of the order of the day, I had no objec-
tion to the motion being made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the Senator from
Pennsylvania does object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, if the Senator
from Pennsylvania will not allow the motion
to be made to test the sense of the Senate, I
give notice that I shall endeavor to call up the
bill to-morrow, and will endeavor to do so
every day until I can get it considered. I pre-
sume the Senate will consider the bill at some
time.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask the Senator from Ken-
tucky to allow me to make a motion to fill a
vacancy on a committee.
Mr. DAVIS. I am urged by so many gen-
tlemen to give them an opportunity to inter-
pose side motions, and by so many others to
insist on the order of the day, that I choose to
take the latter course. I hope my friend will
excuse me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky insists on the order of
the day, and it is before the Senate.
J. MILTON BEST.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
667) for the relief of Dr. J. Milton Best.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the bill that
was under debate when the orders of the day
were departed from was a bill to pay Dr.
Best, of Kentucky, the value of his house that
was destroyed bythe military authorities ofthe
United States during the war. That bill is
based upon an important principle, a principle
which is common to most civilized nations, that
private property shall not be taken for public
use without a fair compensation being made
for it. I believe there is no civilized nation
upon the earth that does not act upon that
principle of justice to its citizens and subjects.
Our own Government was not satisfied with
the existence and the administration of this
general principle; the people of the United
States chose to incorporate it as a fundamental
rule of their Constitution that private property
shall not be taken for public use without just
compensation, and that is one of the most im-
portant fundamental principles of our Govern-
ment.
The question before the Senate is simply this:
will the Senate now execute that fundamental
principle of the Constitution, that great prin-
ciple of government without which any Gov-
ernment would be essentially defective in its
organization? Sir, a Government would de-
serve repudiation, and would not merit the sup-
port of the people, that sacrificed either theo-
retically or practically that great principle of
justice upon the part of the Government toward
its citizens.
A good many Senators have shown much
anxiety to entangle themselves in another mis-
take of fact in relation to this claim by assuming
that the property was burned while a battle was
raging in the town of Padueah. Such was not
the fact. The battle in Padueah had com-
menced the day before, and had continued until
about eleven o'clock at night. The rebels were
then driven from Padueah, and retreated, and
from eleven o'clock of the night of the day
previous to the present time there has been no
battle in Padueah, no more than there is now
raging in the city of Washington. My colleague
in the other House, Mr. Trimble, is a citizen
of Padueah. He was present'when Dr. Best's
house was burned, and at my instance he has
made a statement of the circumstances under
which it was burned, which I will ask the Clerk
to read for the information of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
eo y. ) The com munication will be read if there
be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
washington, December 20,1870.
Sir: 111 response to your letter of this morning I
will state that I was in the city of Padueah, Ken-
tucky. when Dr. Best's house was burned by order
of Colonel Ilicks.
The burning took place oil the morning after the
attack upon the United States forces by General
Forrest. There was no battle going on at the time,
or threatened. The confederates had retreated the
night before the burning toward the State of Ten-
nessee, and were at that time more than twenty
miles from Padueah, on a rapid march out of the
State of Kentucky, fearing, as I have feince learned,
that they would be cut oft by the United States forces
from Columbus and Hickman. „
Yours, truly, . L. S. TRIMBLE.
Hon. G. Davis, United States Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. Now, Mr. President, that pre-
sents the leading fact of the ease, and it is
this: when this house was burned there was
no battle raging, there was no battle in pro-
gress ; the enemy for five or six hours before
were on a retreat, and at the time that the
house was burned they bad retreated a distance
of jsome twenty miles. The commander ofthe
United States forces, of course, did not know
that fact. Padueah had been attacked the
night before by a strong force of rebels, much
superior in number to the Union forces. _ The
rebels had taken refuge during the. conflict in
Dr, Best's house. It occupied a favorable po-
sition, and being elevated, three stories high,
it gave them facilities for picking off those who
were plying the artillery of the Union army.
It was a position of great advantage to the rebel
forces, and the necessity of removingtbat house
from the sweep of the guns of the tort, which
was obvious to General Smith when he pro-
jected the fort, was then proved practically
true. It was found that this house was acover,
and a safe cover, and one that gave material
advantage to an attacking enemy, and that it
the ITnion forces were to have the complete
