206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
advantage of their position, their fortification,
and guns, it was indispensably necessary, as
General Smith had decided when he located
the "fort, that this building should be removed
from the sweep of the guns of the fort. I
therefore inform gentlemen that; in shrinking
from the^ responsibility of voting to pay this
injured citizen for his property, they cannot
take ambuscade in the false position that a
battle was progressing at the time the house
was destroyed. Sir, there has been no battle
from five hours before that house was set on
fire at Paducah to the present moment, no
more than there is a battle now in the city of
Washington.
The state of facts was this : this house was
a strong, well-built house, with solid walls,
three stories high, within one hundred and fifty
yards of the f'oit. Its top and upper stories
overlooked the fort itself, and enabled persons
who had got into the house to fire fatally upon
those who were working the guns of the fort.
It had annoyed materially the garrison of the
fort. It had been an advantageous position to
the assailants of the fort, and had enabled
them to inflict much injury upon the garrison
of the fort. The house, however, was shelled
from the fort, and the effect of the shelling was
to drive Forrest and the rebels from the house.
They were driven out at about the hour of eleven
o'clock at night. They commenced a rapid re-
treat, from an apprehension that a superior force
of United States troops would come up the river
from Columbus and Hickman and intercept
and cutoff their retreat and capture them. It
was this apprehension of an attack and an
interception Ijy a superior force that led them
to retreat from Paduca'h. They retreated at
eleven o'clock at night.
The next morning, about breakfast time,
Uolonel Hicks,' the commander of the fort,
ordered, and very properly ordered, the house
to be set on fire and burned. Why was the
order proper on-his part? Because the de-
struction of this houye was necessary for the
safety of his command and of his gairisou.
That had been proved clearly to be the slate
of the case the night before. He did not
lcnow the movements of the enemy. He saw
them probably ton times as numerous as his
own force in the combat the night before,
lie did not know that there was any prospect
of his getting relief by troops coming up the
river from Columbus or Hickman the next
movning. He of course reasonably concluded
thaf. a force of such stiength would renew the
attack upon the fort and would again take pos-
session of the house and use it as a cover from
which to fire upon the garrison of the fort.
He therefore, five hours after the battle had
ceased, alter the enemy had left the vicinily,
after the enemy had gone twenty miles, (but
the position of that enemy not being known to
him,) ordered this house to be burned, just as
General Smith when he located the fort decided
that it would be necessary to remove it in
order to give the guns of the fort a fair sweep
around.
Now, the simple question is, shall the prop-
erty of Dr Beet, this house taken and con-
sumed by the order of the United States mili-
tary commander there, be paid for or not?
Upon that question can there bo any doubt?
borne of the Senators who have been not only
so willing but so anxious to mystify them-
selves m mistake and error take the false posi-
tion that the destruction of property by the
United States Army is no ground whatever for
compensation being made to the owner for it.
That is not the Constitution of our country
It is not the law of the United States. The
lav/ of the United States has been ruled differ-
ently, both in the Supreme Court and in the
Court of Claims, as I shall show.
In the case I have before me of Harmony
vs. Mitchell, the property destroyed it is true
was in Chihuahua, an enemy's country; but
Chihuahua had then been occupied by the
United States Army and was held in subjec-
tion to the authorities of the United States.
Harmony owned a mill, and in that mill he had
a large amount of grain of various kinds: corn,
• wheat, beans, rye, and much meal and flour
for the subsistence of an army. The Mexicans
Were about marching upon the position where
his mill and property were situated. An officer
of the United States ordered a subordinate to
destroy this property to preyent it from falling
into the hands of the enemy. General Mitchell
gave the order. He was sued by the owner of
the property in an action of trespass, upon the
fact and the idea that the emergency for the
destruction of the property was not sufficient
to authorize the military commander to order
that it should be destroyed, and that state of
fact was found by the jury. The court afterward
rendered a judgment in favor of the claimant
of the property against Mitchell himself.
The claimant of the property sued, not the
United States, but the officer of the United
States Army who had directed the property to
be consumed, and upon this principle, that the
exigence of the occasion and of the service
did not require him and did not justify him in
ordering the property to be destroyed. The
jury found that state of fact, and consequently
the court rendered judgment against him. He
brought the case to the Supreme Court, and
the Supreme Court confirmed the judgment of
the district court. There was then a judg-
ment of the courts against the commander of
the troops, General Mitchell, making him re-
sponsible for the destruction of the property
as a trespasser, and the Congress of the Uni-
ted States afterward appropriated to General
Mitchell a sum sufficient to indemnify him
against the verdict and the judgment, includ-
ing all the costs. But in the opinion in that
case the Supreme Court hud down certain
principles, which I will read:
"Private property maybe taken by a military com-
inanucr, to prevent it from falling into the hands of
the enemy, or lor the purpose of converting it to the
use ot tne public: but the danger must be imme-
diate and impending,or the necessity urgent for the
public service, such us will not admit of delay, and
wuero the action of the civil authority would be too
late in providing the means wlueh. the occasion calls
lor. ^
" The facts as they appeared to the officer must fur-
nif. n fu'° *or the application of these principles.
-but the officer cannot take possession of private
property lor the purpose of insuring the success of a
di^tjint expedition upon which he is abour to inarch.
Whether or not the owner of the goods resumed
the possession of them at any time after their sei/;-
urowas a, fact for the jury, in this case they found
that ho did not resume the possession, and in this
they were sustained by legal evidence.
_ ihc officer who made the seizure cannot justify
bis trespass by showing the orders of his superior
qmccr. An order to commit a trespass can afiord no
rr.LCatlon to the person by whom it was executed
A • trespass was commuted out of the limits of
the United States; but an action for it maybe main-
tained in the circuit court tor any district in which
the defendant may be lound, upon process agauist
him, where the citizenship of the respective par-
ties gives jurisdiction to a court of the United
otatcs. —Xo Uoxoani 8 Reports, p. 115.
Now, s'r> here is the general principle, estab-
lished by this decision of the Supreme Court:
Pi ivate property may bo taken by a military com-
mander, to preventit from falling into the hands of
tile en.emy, or for the purpose of convening it to the
usei ot the public; but the danger must be immediate
and impending," &c.
That decision sweeps away any assumed
distinction between the cases of private prop-
eity being destroyed to prevent it from falling
mto the hands of a public enemy, and private
property being taken by the officers of the Uni-
ted States for the uses and the purposes of
the Ai my. Ihe court decided that either form
ot taking the property is depriving the citizen
of it, and where the exigence and the danger
are so immediate, so imminent as to admit of no
delay, it the officer gives the order, in the one
form or the other, that the private property be
taken for the use of the Army, or taken to pre-
vent it from falling into the hands of the enetny,
m either and both cases it is a taking of private
property for public use where they charge the
Government for its value. It is such a takin*
ot private property as will bring the case within
the principle and provision of the Constitution
of the United States.
But, sir, in another case that was heard in
the Court of Claims the question cati)e up in
the form of private property not being taken
for the use of the Army by the order of its
commander, but being destroyed to prevent it
from falling into the hands of the enemy. A
suit was brought by the claimant in the Court
of Claims against the United States, to make
the United States responsible for the property
that was thus destroyed, to preventit from falling
into the hands of the rebels in Arizona, and,
after mature and learned argument, in a well-
considered and learned opinion by Mr. Justice
Wilmot, he assumes, and sustains and main-
tains by reason and authority, the proposition
in both forms, that whether the property be
taken for the use of the Army, or to prevent
it from falling into the hands of the enemy,
where the exigence was immediate, imminent,
and admitted of no delay, in either and both
cases alike the Government became charge-
able with the value of theproperty to the owner.
1 refer now to the opinion in the case of
Grant vs. The United States. It was a claim
for a mill and its contents in Arizona, and the
United Slates is credited with the mill-seat
after the mill-house and property had been
burned. There was an account taken between
the claimant and the United States, and the
balance of the account in favor of the claim-
ant was §11,530. This was made up by the
value of the mill-house and some adjacent
buildings, and by a large quantity of wheat,
corn, lye, beans, flour, and meal that was in the
mill-house and in the adjoining buildings. The
Court of Claims there, after full and deliberate
hearing, decided, upon the order of the military
commander that this property should be de-
stroyed by one of his subordinates to prevent it
from falling into the hands of the rebels, that
the case made the United States responsible
for the value of the property. The court ren-
dered judgment against the United States for
that value, and the amount was paid to the
claimant from the Treasury. In this case the
principle of Mitchell vs. Harmony is referred
to and relied upon, and English authorities,
which are full up to the principle, are also
relied on. Here is the syllabus of the case.
The officer of the United States commanding
troops in the vicinity of Tucson, Arizona, orders liu
subordinate to destroy such Governmentstores as he
cunnor, transport, together with such private pron-
eity oi the claimant as may be of value to the public
enemy or to the disloyal people of Tucson. The
subordinate omcer, acting under circumstances of
immediate and pressing necessity, notifies the claim-
ant lO save Ins papers, and in half an liour fires ius
mijh and other property.
The taking of private property for use or for
destruction, wnen the public exigency demands it,
by a military officer commanding any part of the
public forces, is an exercise of the right of eminent
uomam.
* 7^%enom?r °®c.er ^ justified the Government
is liable, ihe state of the facts, as they appearedto
the otheer when ho acted, must govern the decision,
ihereis no discrimination to be made between
property taken to be used and property taken to ba
destroyed.
"Itis no defense that thecircumstances must have
rendered the property valueless to the owner if the
ofiicer had not destroyed it. It is the imminence of
danger that gives the State a right to destroy pron-
the certainty of the danger does notrelievs
the State from liability for the property which it
takes to destroy."
The principle could not be more plainly
and clearly stated. It is as essential almost,
7iauy °^S6S qU'te as mu°h so> t'lat property
shall be destroyed to prevent it from bein<*
used by a public enemy, as that it shall be
appropriated to the use of the Army of the
united States. It may not be necessary for
the Army of the United States; they may
have a redundance of supplies without this
private property, and yet would any man
doubt that it might be of immense importance
o an enemy that they should capture this
property and appropriate it for their own sup-
plies . It is upon that idea that our courts
ave ruled the double principle that a taking
tor use or a taking for destruction, both or
