1122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
which he had given, on account of a profes-
sional opinion he had given, and he accord-
ingly set spies, informers, and thieves to weave
a net work of crime around this man in order
to discharge him from the service or compel
him to resign. Is it not a more probable sup-
position that this man received $300, when we
have evidence of it in the Navy Department,
than to make the infamous"inferences made
by thegentleman from Massachusetts, infamous
charges against the Secretary of the Navy,
charging him with subornation of perjury and
with having instituted all this clumsy machin-
ery for the purpose of staining the character
of a man as pure as the angels in Heaven, if
we are to believe the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, and of the most eminent attainments
in his own particular profession? I say an
argument like that made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts falls by its own weight.
This man resigned, and he resigned after these
charges and when this evidence was produced
and ihereisno excuse for that resignation when
he comes back after some years and asks to
be put back in the place from which he so
resigned.
Furthermore, Mr. Hanscom is not only to be
advanced above his fellows; he has a brother
who holds the chief place rn that Department.
Certainly it cannot be said that we are not
taking care of the Hanscom family. [Laugh-
ter.] Yet although the latter is the chief con-
structor of the Navy he had not the courage,
the nerve, or skill enough to tell the Depart-
mentthat the Tennessee was unseaworthy when
she went out with her valuable freight some
two weeks ago. Why did not this brother, this
chief constructor at the Department—why did
not he step forward with true Hanscom spirit
and intelligence and say, "Do not send that
ship?"
Mr. BANKS. He did not know it.
Mr. SAliGENT. How did his other brother
know the other fact? He was the chief con-
structor. Furthermore, it raises still another
question.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will tell the
gentleman that he was not in that yard at all.
He does not superintend all the yards.
Mr. SARGENT. It is his duty to know all
about all the yards.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Why is that his
duty?
Mr. SARGENT. It is his duty because he
is the chief naval constructor of the United
States.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. He was not then
appointed.
Mr. SARGENT. When the gentleman asks
me these questions I presume he will extend
my time.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman
has had over five minutes, but I do not care
it he speaks for a week. [Laughter.]
Mr. BANKS. My statement was that there
were naval engineers who did know it.
Mr. SARGENT. I understand the gentle-
man to give me as much time as I need. I
wish to say this is a question presented to the
House as to a body of gentlemen presumed to
act on honest motives, and when we pass on a
question like this it is to be presumed that we
pass upon it after hearing all the facts pro and
con. It is not right, in my view of this case,
after these affidavits had been stolen from the
Navy Department and we had to procure other
copies from the parties who originally executed
them—it is not right, in my judgment, to ignore
all these facts merely upon the ground that
we must pnt this man back to vindicate his
character. Vindicate it from what? From
these charges? Then these charges are pend-
ing. Is the House informed sufficiently in
regard to them? Certainly not. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] in his
remarks did not meet the case. He did not
answer the charges. He did not meet the fact
that these very notes which are referred to as
the basis of the charges were filed in the Navy
Department and abstracted therefrom. The
testimony as to that is conclusive. Another
objection to this bill is that injustice is done
to other naval constructors if this man is taken
and put over their heads.
I now yield to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnsworth.]
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargent] has made his
speech, I believe, and I presume has no more
right to the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that the
gentleman from California has not exhausted
the time given to him, and that he yields five
minutes to me.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Ponly yielded to
thegentleman from California, [Mr. Sargent.]
Mr. SARGENT. I understood the gentle-
man to extend my time indefinitely. He said
he would give me a week. I do not want a
week, but I want five minutes more.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I yield five min-
utes to my colleague on the committee from
Maine, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, so far as my
knowledge goes, the ground taken by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] is fair
and legitimate in part, and in part it seems to
me it is unfair. So far as the merits of Mr.
Hanscom are concerned, it 1s fair. That he is
a capable man, perhaps the best in his profes
sion, perhaps the best of the naval construct-
ors, the investigation before the Naval Com-
mittee of the House went to show. That he
was the victim of persecution at the hands of
the Navy Department the investigation did
not tend to show. The case came before the
committee of course on the petition or move
ment of Mr. Hanscom, who had his friends
before the committee in force. The gentle
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] was
himself there, notasenthusiasticas to-day, but
as earnest and clear and able as he always
is, either before a committee or before this
House. Other gentlemen from Massachusetts
were before the committee.
The committee, Mr. Speaker, I want the
House to understand, was not influenced in
its first action, which was adverse to Mr. Hans-
com, by the Navy Department. The commit-
tee, from the papers and proof that it had
before it, had its suspicions aroused. It sent
for papers; it procured information. I state
here from my own recollection, and I believe
all the members of the committee will bear
me out in the statement, that no member of
the Navy Department sought to influence the
mind of the committee in this matter or
sought to project testimony upon it. How-
ever Mr. Hanscom may have been treated up
to the day of his resignation, when the com-
mittee took the case it examined it upon the
testimony, uninfluenced by outside pressure.
Mr. Hanscom appeared before the committee.
Mr. Wiggin also was there as a witness. All
the testimony which has been read out at the
request of the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Archer] was before the committee ; its action
was adverse. But time has gone by, and I sup-
pose the estimate of the merits of Mr. Hans-
com as a naval constructor and of his ability,
which is not denied, has grown upon the
minds of the committee. And the case hav-
ing again been brought up a few days ago the
committee's action was reversed, and this bill
is reported, not unanimously, but by a major-
ity of the committee, I suppose because, as I
have already said, the consideration of the
ability of this man has had more weight in the
minds of the committee than it had formerly.
So much I wish to say, as showing that the
Navy Department has not in any branch or
any bureau, to my knowledge, interposed in
this case.
I want to say one word, Mr. Speaker, in
reply to the gentleman's allusion to the case
of the Tennessee and her crew, and the com-
missioners and others who sailed upon her,
about whose safety the whole country is to-day
solicitous. If that vessel has gone down,
causing a greater calamity than anything of
the kind siuce the sinking of the Royal George,
that makes not against the Navy Department.
It bears out the position which that Depart-
ment has taken for the last two years. The
head of the Department and all its bureaus
have always represented to us that our Navy
was worn out in the war; that its vessels were
weak and unsafe; that, in fact, we had little
or no reliable Navy; that it was rapidly fall-
ing into decay and ruin; that its squadrons at
the different ports were in constant need of
repair, and no ships were at hand to substi-
tute for such useless vessels ordered home.
Mr. STEVENS. Will thegentleman allow
me to remind him that the Tennessee is anew
ship, and that this is her first voyage ?
Mr. HALE. That may be the case with
regard to the Tennessee. I speak with regard
to other vessels. What I wish to show is that
the Department has sought to force upon Con-
gress, not that our vessels were in good condi-
tion, as the gentleman from Massachusetts
would have us believe, but in a bad condition.
It is not true that the men in the Department
have not dared to say that vessels are bad and
unseaworthy ; but representations have con-
stantly come before the House that they are
in that condition, and Congress has failed to
make appropriations to meet just such a state
of things.
Mr. BANKS. I have always sustained such
appropriations.
Mr. HALE. Yes ; I know the gentleman
has.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will now yield
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [.\lr.
Butler,] and we shall have had two speeches
on each side.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How many against
the bill ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. One from the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sargext] and
one from the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Hale.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man will allow me a few minutes.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have noobjec-_
tion to yield five minutes to the gentleman"
from Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am much obliged
to the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Stark
weather] for this grace. This appears to be
a case where an officer, in the face of charges
some five years ago, resigned his commission,
and as I am told, stated before the committee
recently that he resigned for the purpose of
going to Europe. His resigning in the face
of charges was a confession—it has always
been so regarded in the Army and Navy—a
confession of the charges. Five years sub-
sequently, or thereabouts, he discovers that
he acted under a mistake, that he was not
guilty, as he supposed he was; he conies to
Congress to get reinstated. The President
can appoint him if he pleases, without an act
of Congress, in the way he ordinarily makes
appointments. By getting the names of mem-
bets of Congress he might have succeeded in
getting the appointment in the ordinary way.
But a shorter tack is taken in this case, and
Congress is asked to pass an act to restore
this man to his position. Why? Because the
President will not appoint him unless there is
an act of Congress, and because if he should
be appointed by the President he would lose
the increased pay which he will get if he is
restored, the increased pay that officers get by
continuing in the service, which will make his
pay now some $500 a year more than it was
when he resigned. And for the purpose of
getting this thing through, the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Basks] drags in the name
of Admiral Porter, and makes the extraor-
dinary comparison between the Admiral and
this px-ofticer.
Mr. BANKS. Adrniral Porter's name came
here by his own act, in making charges against
