1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
either, makes the Government responsible for
the value of the property where the taking was
imminently necessary for the service at that
particular point. There is no discrimination
between the cases.
In this last case of Grant there was not one
dollar's worth of property that was used by the
United States Army; it was wholly destroyed.
The mill-house and appurtenant buildings were
burned. The grain and flour and meal, every
means of subsistence in every form that was in
the mill-house and adjacent buildings, were
burned. There was an account made out by
the claimant, Grant, against the United States
for the value of the property, including the
value of the houses that were burned, andcom-
preliending all the stores, grain, flour, and meal
that had been consumed by the order of the mil-
itary commander. This account was credited
with the value of the mill-seat. Not only the
mill-house and its machinery, but the mill-seat,
the realty, belonged to the claimant. In making
out his account against the Government he
charged the Government with the value of all
these buildings that were consumed, with the
value of all their contents that were consumed
with the buildings, and credited it with the
amount of the value ofthe mill seat. This ac-
count as he made it out was considered, scrutin-
ized, passed upon by the Court of Claims, and
the balance as struck by the claimant himself
was found in his favor, and a judgment rendered
against the United States Government on the
ground that it was destroyed in the imminence
of the public service, not applied to the use of
the Army, but destroyed, consumed to prevent
its falling into the hands of the rebels ; and
this destruction the court decided made the
Government as responsible for it as though it
had been applied to the use of the Army and
consumed by them.
Sir, there has been no plainer case before
this or any former Congress than the one under
consideration. The honorable Senator from
New York [Mr. Coxktjxg] a few days ago
carried out the equity of the principle that pri-
vate property should not be taken for public
use without just compensation made when he
declared most truly that many cases had oc-
curred where private property had been occu-
pied by the armies or military detachments of
the United States, and where, having been so
occupied, it was assaulted by the public enemy,
the forces of England, and destroyed, and our
own Government in many cases (and in all the
cases that I recollect of upon which it has
acted) has paid for private property that was
thus occupied by the armies of the United States
and destruction brought upon the property at
the hands ofthe enemy by reason of this occu-
pation. That is the equity of this principle,
and it is such an equity as any great judge, any
just-minded, intelligent lawyer, would recog-
nize.
What is the obligation and the constitutional
covenant on the Government? It is this: that
it will not destroy private property where it is
necessary to prevent it from falling into the
hands of the public enemy, nor consume it for
its Army without making just compensation
for it; and if by its act of occupying property
it thereby causes the enemy to destroy it, the
Government or its agents having done an act,
which, if omitted, would have resulted in the
immunity of the property and its passing with-
out destruction, the Government, by reason of
its act having invited the attack of the enemy
upon the property, and thus destroyed it, will
pay for it. Is not that right? That principle,
both of equity and strict legal doctrine, applies
to this case. Here General Smith, one of the
most accomplishedand competent officers of the
Union army during the war, located and built
this fort. He selected a position in Paducah.
lie selected it with a view to the defense of
that city ; with a view to its availability, both
in relation to the river and the land; and again
he decided that the destruction of this house
of Dr. Best, and of other houses, would be indis-
pensably necessary to make that fort effective.
He then delivered his judgment to his officers
around him that it would be necessary to de-
stroy this house, and he avowed his purpose to
do it. Suppose it had been destroyed then, it
would not have afforded a subsequent shelter to
the rebels; they could not have taken refuge in
it for the purpose of more deadly assault upon
the garrison of the fort. If he had destroyed
it the moment the fort, was finished could any
military man, could any rational man deny the
truth of the proposition that its destruction
was a necessity to make that fort available
fully to the United States as a point of defense
and of assault upon the enemy ?
Now, sir, I admit that it is the law of nations,
it is a principle of universal law, that property
destroyed in the course of a fight, in the pro-
gress of a fight as it is going on, is not to be
paid for by even the Dnited States where it is a
party to such a conflict. I admit that the Con-
stitution of the United States does not bear the
interpretation that property destroyed under
such circumstances should be paid for by the
United States. But that is no such case as
this. There was no more a fight at Paducah
the next morning at breakfast time, when Dr.
Best's house was burned, according to the state-
ment of Judge Trimble, as I have said before,
than there is at this time in the city of Wash-
ington.
Suppose, as the enemy made his appearance
in the environs of that town the evening before,
that the colonel commanding the Union garri-
son and fort had ordered the building to be
fired, would anybody have taken the ground
that it was a military necessity, and, being a
military necessity, that the Government was
not liable to pay for it? Such a ground would
have been wholly untenable. Suppose the
property bad been filled with flour or military
stores, according to the supposition ofthe hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pratt,] and
before the fight commenced the military com-
mander had ordered all the stores to be con-
sumed, would any man assume the position and
argue it that the Government would not have
been responsible for the value of the house and
its contents?
Well, sir, it is only during the pendency of
a fight, and where property is destroyed while
a fight is raging, when it cannot be controlled,
that the Government is exempt from its respons-
ibility. During a battle the interests at stake
are too momentous, too important for the Army
to pause and take care of and look after pri-
vate property. If in the struggle and the heat
of the strife, when guns are firing, and the
" circumstance of war" is raging, property is
destroyed, the Government is not responsible.
But, sir. when the fight has been had and has
been decided, when it has come to an issue,
when the enemy have retreated and retreated
for hours, and are at the time miles and miles
from the field of conflict and from the property
that sheltered that enemy during that conflict,
and when the military commander is wholly
ignorant whether the enemy will return to
renew the attack and repossess himself of the
house of Dr. Best for the purpose of again find-
ing shelter and protection within it, and for an
advantageous point to assault his garrison—
if the military commander orders the destruc-
tion of property under such a state of case as
that it is a plain taking of private property for
public use; so to use it that the enemy shall
not possess themselves of it; so to use it that it
shall give no strength to the enemy ; so to use
it that the enemy shall be irrevocably weak-
ened from what his power would have been if
he possessed himself of the property. And
when property is taken for destruction under
such a slate of case it is a mockery, it is an
insult to justice and reason and common sense
to say that it is not a taking of private property
for public use for which the Government is
responsible.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, the
amount of our national debt, the magnitude
of the claims which it is understood will be
presented to Congress for their consideration
by parties claiming to have been loyal, though
residing in States engaged in the late rebel-
lion, for property damaged or destroyed by the
naval and military forces of the United States,
or taken for the use of the Government or the
troops, and the moving appeals that will be
made to our sympathy on behalf of these
claimants, require a critical examination of
the principle upon which the liability of the
Government is supposed to rest, that we may
not mistake the impulses of generosity for the
conclusions of reason, nor confound the calls
of charity with the demands of justice.
These claims vary in circumstantial ele-
ments, but all involve and depend upon the
same general principles. In some cases prop-
erty was taken for the site of a fortification, or
was employed as material in building forts or
other defenses; in other instances property
was destroyed to facilitate military operations,
or to prevent its falling into the hands of the
enemy ; and sometimes land was occupied for
a camp, crops were trampled by the marching
of our troops, houses were occupied for hos-
pital purposes, &e. But all this was done by
the forces of the Union : and the property was
taken or destroyed to facilitate our military
operations in the States where civil war, which
had reached the dimensions of public war, was
flagrant; and the question I propose to con-
sider is not whether some of these cases prop-
erly appeal to the generosity of the Govern-
ment, but whether they constitute just claims
in that sense that they could be enforced in a
judicial tribunal having jurisdiction to hear and
determine causes against the United States;
or, in other words, the question is not whether,
exercising a sound legislative discretion, Con-
gress would be justified in paying some of tlies
claims, bat whether they are founded upon
those certain rules of law and the universu'ly-
recognized principles of justice which no or-
ernment may disregard without incurring the
odium of repudiating its just obligations
In discussing here a subject like this, hich
offers no inducement to declamation, good
taste requires a speaker to be as dry as a stick,
but as sound a3 a rock. The elaborate and
very able debate upon this subject during the
last session of the Fortieth Congress devel-
oped the substantial difference of opinion be-
tween those who favored and those who op-
posed the payment of these claims to be m
regard to what was the legal character of the
state of things which existed in this country
from 18fil to 1805 ; was it a war between the
United States and the communities inhabiting
the geographical districts called Georgia, Ala-
bama, &c., or were the United States merely
enforcing their laws against offending individ-
uals? Did we send armies clothed with the
attributes and immunities which, by the law
of nations, belong to armies engaged in pub-
lic war, or did Generals Grant and Sherman
lead into the South the posse comitatus of the
Union to assist civil officers in civil adminis-
tration?
Upon the solution of these questions depends
the fate of these claims. If during those years
war did notexist, then, in legal contemplation,
there was peace; and the Government could
only take private property for public use, first
making compensation therefor; and upon the
proper application it would have been the duty
of any Federal judge to issue an injunction to
restrain such appropriation of private property
until the damages could be ascertained and
compensation made. In legal contemplation
the Government is always either at peace or at
war. The Government of the United States
is bound by all the provisions of the Constitu-
tion applicable to the condition of peace until
pence ceases to existand a'state of war is inau-
gurated. During peace criminals, murderers,
