1124:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
" does not. Tbe Senate does not. Who does
oppose him ? Mr. Porter; Admiral Porter, by
the grace of the Senate, in defiance of the
House.
And, forsooth, we are told that not a word
must be said about Admiral Porter because
he did such service in the war of the rebellion,
and that those services will live much, much
longer than any record of services performed
by anybody else. True, "they will live for some
time, though they will not "livealway;" for
all along the Mississippi you will see guns cap-
tured by the Army marked by Porter "taken
by theMavy under command of D. D. Porter;"
and so long as that white paint remains so long
will the memory of Porter's deeds remain in
the minds of those who believe him, who, un-
fortunately for him, are very few. [Laughter.]
That is the record. It is easy to make such
a record. If a man will only blow his trumpet
loud enough, if he can be where no one will con-
tradict him, if he can be on board ship, where
he can write one letter to one man, an^ another
letter to another man, in order to set them
both by the ears, in order to secure bis own
promotion, if he can make himself, the great
"I am" of an expedition, if he can traduce
every other officer, if he can strike down the
great and glorious Farragut and send him to
thegrave with the feeling that his country had
wronged him, then he may get such a reputa-
tion as Admiral Porter has got. And these are
services which Admiral Porter has rendered to
his country.
I have not brought Admiral Porter here.
He brought himself here. I had not intended
to discuss him. He was nothing to me. I
have long since learned the maxim, demortuis
nil nisi bonum—of the dead speak nothing but
good, [laughter;] and if he would only lie still
in his living grave, if his friends would not
resurrect hun and offend our senses with his
rank corruptions, X would not utter a word
concerning Him. But they will resurrect him ;
they will bring him here; they will hold him
np before the House and the country a spec-
tacle to gods and men—will claim to tell us
of his great services. Let us hear the true
story of those great services. He bombarded
Fort St. Philip and Fort Jackson; and after
he had bombarded them for eight days the
best Army engineer in the service reported
them to be as substantial defensive works as
before. What were the other great services ?
He went up. the Mississippi river and marked
the guns at Arkansas Post with white paint:
"Taken by the Navy under D. D. Porter."
What next? He went up Red river to aid
the Army ; but the only service he did was that
he took $4,000,000 of cotton from Alexandria
to Cairo by his Navy gun-boats, saved from
destruction only by the skill of an Army vol-
unteer engineer. What next? He went down
to Fort Fisher; and some men who know
something about that yet live to tell his ex-
ploits there. He expended before the Army
got there all his ammunition, and wrote the
commander of the expedition on the part of
the Army that he had not an. hours ammuni-
tion, and had to send his ships to Beaufort to
replenish before he could aid the Army further
in what ought to have been a joint expedition.
Then, because deprived of the support of the
Navy the Army went away, he wrote double-
tongued letters, one to the General of the
Army, another to the Navy Department, and
a third to President Lincoln, defaming each
to the other in turn, to serve his own base pur-
poses. All these may appear in good time,
notwithstanding the threat on his part that he
will have anybody ruined who undertakes to
produce his double-hearted letters, by deny-
ing their genuineness, as he has done already.
Then he went back to Fort Fisher and began
another bombardment. When the Army under
General Terry took the fort he claimed all the
credit for the Navy, although he foolishly sent
his sailors on shore only to be slaughtered.
I tell the House it makes a wonderful differ-
ence, Mr. Speaker, who writes history or who
paints the picture, whether it is the lion or the
man.-. If the lion, the man is always down and
the lion always over him ; and if the man, the
lion is always down and the man always over
him; we get no reports of his expeditions except
what he writes; and he uses paint, brush, and
pen to daub and besmear everybody else, and
in the end himself included. His Veputation
as a truthful man has become so well known
that he has worked an injury to all the world
by causing all mankind to doubt the truth
of history, for it is not to be wondered at if
people come now to doubt all truth of history
after reading his reports. Men wonder whether
there may not have been other Porters before
in other ages, and who knows the truth of any
official report upon which history is based?
Now then, I pray therefore every gentleman
of the House not to offend my nostrils, not to
make me wish that I had wash-bowl and tooth-
brush to cleanse my mouth, when I deal with
this subject by bringing this man before us
again. Let him rest in the shroud of corrup-
tion he has made for himself.
It is not because he is down, as we have
been told, that we attack David D. Porter; but
it is because he behaved so badly when hevtras
up that we feel obliged to exhibit his deform-
ities to the country ; it is becanse of his ill
behavior when he rode the topmost wave
of popularity sounding his own praises; it
is because of the fact that he dealt with
a forked tongue, as everybody knew in the
Navy Department and what now the whole
country knows. I am sorry that his merits or
demerits are brought in here in the discussion
of merits of the gentleman who asks to be
restored to the Navy, from which he has been
hunted by Admiral Porter.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask whether the first
reference to Admiral Porter and his opinions
in this matter was not made in tbe extrava-
gant statement by the gentleman's colleague
that he was a Judas Iscariot compared with
an angel of light?
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; the first reference
to Admiral Porter was when his letter was
read from the desk indorsing the affidavits,
and an allusion was made to him by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Archer.]
Mr. SARGENT. Admiral Porter's name
was signed to the letter, but there was no com-
parison made between the Admiral and any-
body else till it was made by the gentleman's
colleague.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say a word as to
this.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman will allow me a moment, before I
hear any more of that comparison I want to
know what Judas Iscariot would say to it.
[Great laughter.] I now yield the floor.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The matter of
these charges was fully investigated, and I
believe nobody who investigated them believes
in their truth. I hope we shall now have a
vote.
The question was on ordering the joint res-
olution to be read a third time.
Mr. SARGENT called forthe yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 134, nays 67, not
voting 39 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Armstrong, Arnell,
Atwood, Axtell. Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Ben-
nett, Benton, Bingham. Blair, Boles, Bovd, George
M. Brooks, Buck. Buckley. Buffinton, Burr, Ben-
jamin F.Butler, Roderick R.Butler, Calkin. Cessna,
Churchill. William X. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Clinton
L. Cobb, Conger. Conner, Cook, Cox, Cullotn, Dar-
rall, Degener, Joseph Dixon, Nathan P. Dixon,
Dockerv, Duval, Dyer, Eldridge, J?erry, Finkeln-
burg, Fisher. Fox. Garfield. Griswold, liar-lit'.1!),
Hawley, Hays. Hill, Hoge, Holmes, Hooper, Hotch-
liiss, Alexander H. Jones, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg.
Kelsey, Lash, Logan, Lonir. Loughrid^o, McGrew,
McKee, MeNeely, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse
II. Moore, "William Moore, Morey, Morphis, Daniel
J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Myers,
Newsham, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Hsilbert
E. Paine, William W. Paine, -Palmer, Peek. Perce,
Phelps. Piatt. Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, Rainey,
Randall, Roots, Sanfoid, Schumaker, Shanks, Lio-
nel A. Sheldon. Porter Sheldon. Sherrod, Shoher,
Slocum, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevens, S'okes. Stoughton. Strader, St rick-
land. Strong, Sypher, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman, T\vich-
elU Xyner, Upson, Van Trump, \an Wyck, Wallace,
Ward, Cadalader C. Washburn, Wheeler, Whiteley,
Whitmore, Wilkinson, WiHard, Williams, Wood,
Woodward, and Young—134- i
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Asper, Beaman,
Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Biggs, Bird, Booker, Bur-
cliard, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Cowles, Crebs, Dick-
inson. Dox, Duke, JFarnsworth, Ferrias, Getz, Hal-
deman, Ilale, Hawbleton, Hamill, Hawkins, Hay,
Holman, Jenckes, Johnson. Thomad L. Jones, Judd,
Kerr, Knapp, Lawrence, Lewis, Lynch, Marshall,
Mayham, Maynard, McCarthy. McCormick, Mc-
Crary, McKenzie, Morgan, Niblack, Poland, potter.
Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield,
Joseph S.-Sinith, Stevenson, Stiles, Swann, Taylor,
Townsend, Trimble. Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M.
Wilson, John X. Wilson, Winchester, and Witch-
er—07. ^
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler. Barnuoi, Be-
thune, Bowen, James Brooks, Burdett, Cake, Coburn,
Corker, Dawes, Dickey, Donley, Ela, Fitch, Gibson,
Gitfillan, Haight, Harris. Heflin, Hoar, lngersoll,
Ketcham. Knott. Laflin, Mantling, Mdnes, Mungen,
Negley, Peters, Price, Worthington O. Smith, Stone,
Sweeney, Van Auken, Van Horn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Winans,and Wolf—39.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which tlae joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enlistment op additional seamen.
Mr. SCOFIELD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill (EL R. No. 2999)
to provide for the enlistment of three hundred
additional seamen in the United States Navy;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Navy to cause to be enlisted in
the Navy of the United States, in the manner
already provided by law, three hundred addi-
tional men for service on the practice-ship at
the United States Naval Academy, Annapolis,
Maryland. %
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message fu01i the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. simp-
son*, one of its clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed, without amendment, a
bill of the House of the following title:
A bill (H. R. No. 2914) making an appro-
priation tor the contingent fund ot the House
of Representatives.
The message further announced that the
Senate had appointed Mr. Pkatt in place of
Mr. Edmunds, excused, as one of the conferees
of the Senate upon the disagreeing votes ol the
two Houses upon the bill (H. li>. No. 1829)
granting pensions to certain soldiers and sail-
ors of the war of 1812 and widows of deceased
soldiers.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
of the following title:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 315) relating
to balances of appropriations for the Library
of Congress aud Botanical Garden.
judicial dist1ucts in nkw york.
Mr. HOTCHKISS, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, reported
back the bill (H. R. No. 469) to create and
establish an additional judicial district, to be
called the northern district of New York, and
