298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
and traitors can only be arrested on civil war-
rants, to be tried and punished according to
judicial forms. But when civil administra-
tion becomes impossible, when the courts are
closed, and war begun, then the powers of the
Government, as against its enemies, are limited
only by its physical strength, regulated by the
law of nations, and its exercise moderated only
by the refinements of Christian civilization.
And even as to how far those humane limita-
tions should be observed the Government is
the exclusive judge, and answerable only to
the public sentiment of the world.
Thus far, I presume, all will agree. The
duty of the Government in time of peace is so
clearly defined by the Constitution that there
can be no difference of opinion upon that sub-
ject; and the rights of a Government waging
a public war, as against its public enemies, are
equally well defined by the law of nations, de-
rived from the usages of civilized States.
But we encounter a difference of opinion
when we inquire whether the condition of affairs
in this country fromlSGl to 18G5 belonged to
the state of peace or to the state of war; and
I maintain that during those years public war,
in fact and in law, existed between the Gov-
ernment of the United States and the people
of Virginia, and of the other States which
engaged in rebellion, and that, in a legal sense,
every man, woman, and child residing within
the territory over which the rebellious but de
facto governments of those States actually
exercised authority was a public enemy of
the United States, and that then- persons and
property, their civil rights and political priv-
ileges, were subject to the absolute will and
pleasure of the Government of the United
States until the political department,—the war-
making power of the Government—determined
to stay its hand and abate the rigor of a war
which rebels had inaugurated, but which the
Government only was competent to conclude.
By far the ablest argument, to my mind,
ever made against this proposition is the speech
of the senior Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] in the debate before referred to. That
Senator contended, and with greatabihty, that
the United States could not be at war with a
State of the Union, nor with the people of a
State. He said:
"The General Government has not only no power
to declare war, but it hits no power to make war
against a State. When it enters into a conflict of
arms with the people of a Statu it is not war, it is
not the exorciso of the war power. It is the exercise
of the police power against the oneuiy, however
numerous," &c.
By the word "power," in this connection, I
understand that Senator to mean constitutional
right to make war upon a State. That Senator
seemed to consider, and his argument impli-
edly admits, that if war existed between the
United States and the States in rebellion, in
the sense in which war is known to the law
of nations, these claims against the Govern-
ment could not be maintained. I have read
all the debates upon the subject, and have given
to the question the maturest consideration in
my power; and, in my opinion, that Senator
planted himself upon the most plausible ground
for enforcing these claims, and that to defeat
them it is only necessary to show his proposi-
tion to be untenable.
That position was that the General Govern-
ment had no constitutional right to make war
upon a State. Before considering this prop-
osition let me premise that, war is a fact, and
that whenever a theory comes in conflict with
a fact the theory must yield; the fact cannot.
Let us concede for a moment that the General
Government has no power to declare war
against a State; but suppose that Congress
should to-morrow declare war against the State
of New York, and move the Army and Navy
in that direction ; and suppose the State of New
York should thereupon declare war against the
Union, and call out her troops to resist and
expel the Federal forces, and the conflict should
actually come and continue with varying re-
sults for four years, and the contending parties
should be recognized as belligerents by other
nations. Now the question is, not whether in all
this the respective parties would be proceeding
constitutionally, but the question is whether
the state of things thus produced would be war
in the sense in which that term is employed by
writers on public law? War maybe just or
unjust, constitutional or unconstitutional. So
that whether a given condition of things amounts
to a state of war does not at all depend upon
the right of either party to make war. There-
fore, if we were to concede to that Senator, what
I by no means concede, that the General Gov-
ernment has no constitutional power to make
war against a State, it would not follow that
war could not exist between them, nor would
it control the consequences which would result
from actual war.
But let us for a moment inquire whether
there has been a war between the Government
and the people of any of the States ; or, in other
words, what is war? Mr. Dana, iu a note to
his edition of Wheaton's Law of Nations, gives
the tests by which to determine the existence
of war between a nation and its rebellious
citizens or subjects, as follows :
"Among the tests are the existence of a de facto
political organization of the insurgents, sufficient in
character, population, and resources to constitute
it, ir left to itself, a State among the nations, reason-
ably capable of discharging the duties of a State;
tho actual employment of military forces on each
side, acting in accordance with the rules and cus-
toms of war, such as the use of flags of truce, car-
tels, exchange of prisoners, and the treatment of
captured insurgents by the parent State as prisoners
of war; and, at sea, employment by the insurgents
of commissioned cruisers, and the exercise by the
parent Government of the rights of blockade of
insurgent ports against noutral commerce, and of
stopping and searching neutrul vessels at sea. If
all these elements exist the condition of things is
undoubtedly war, and it may be war beforo they are
all ripened into activity."
It will not be questioned that the author
has litere given us an accurate definition of
war, as recognized by the latf of nations, and
it cannot be denied that every characteristic
and element mentioned in this definition was
ripened into full and fearful activity during
the late contest.
It would, indeed, be gratifying to our na-
tional vanity to say that the fearful contest
which for four years shook this continent was
only an exhibition of ordinary police power,
an employment of the posse comitatus of the
United States. If so, what might not other
nations expect from us should we ever determ-
ine to make war upon somebody ? But the
traces of that conflict are too deep in the land,
too fresh in our hearts, for us to indulge in
such extravagance of abstraction as to main-
tain or believe that we have not passed through
a war, in the fullest, most frightful significa-
tion of that term. If war has actually existed
had the General Government the constitutional
right on its side to make war against the people
of these States ?
Taney, C. J., in Luther vs. Borden, 1 How-
ard, 1, speaking of the right ofa State to make
war against its rebellious citizens, says :
" And unquestionably a State may use its military
power to put down an armed insurrection too strong
to be controlled by the civil authority, The power
is essential to the preservation of order and free in-
stitutions, and is as necessary to the States of this
Union as to any other Government, The State itself
must determine what degroe of force the crisis de-
manded. And if the government of Rhode Island
deemed the armed opposition so formidable and so
ramified throughout the State as to require the use
of its military force and the declaration of martial
law, we see no ground upon which this court can
question its authority. Itwas astate ofwar; and the
established government resorted to the rights and
usages of war to maintain itself, and to overcome the
unlawful opposition."
And, applying this doctrine to that case, the
court held that the defendant was justified in
breaking open the plaintiff's dwelling-house, in
obedience to the orders of his military superior,
upon reasonable suspicion that one of the per-
sons engaged in the rebellion was secreted in
the house. Thus the court held, in express
terms, in a cause where that was the precise
point in judgment, that it is proper for a State
government to exercise the war power against
its own insurgent citizens. This decision can-
not be denounced, as the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Davis] characterized the decisions
made by the Supreme Court upon questions
growing out of the late rebellion, as being " a
concession to fear." The war cloud in Bhode
Island was never bigger than a man's hand ;
and if fear had ever existed, even in that State,
it had no influence in the Supreme Court at
Washington, years after the Dorr rebellion had
hid its head. This decision is direct authority
that the United States may exercise its war
powers against its insurgent citizens ; because
no man will concede this power to a State and
deny it to the Union.
To quote again; this "power is essential to
the preservation of order and free institutions,
and is necessary for every Government, what-
ever may be itsiuternai structure." Assuming,
then, upon the authority of this decision, that
the United States, in the proper case, lawfully
might exercise its war powers against its rebel-
lious citizens, and that while so doing it would
enjoy the immunities which, by the law of na-
tions, result from war ; and assuming—for no
argument can be required to establish it—that
the General Government was justified in resort-
ing to its military power; and also assuming
that from 18G1 to 1805 the Government was
engaged in the prosecution of a war, it re-
mains to consider against whom that war was
waged ; in other words, who was the opposing
party belligerent.
The Constitution cannot answer this ques-
tion. Nobody had a right to wage war against
the Union, but somebody did; and the ques-
tion is, who was it? This question can only
be answered by the facts which make up the
history of that struggle ; and those facts can-
not be annihilated, nor can their force be
eluded, by any theory of the respective con-
stitutional rights and duties of the Union and
the States. We may, therefore, lay the Con-
stitution aside in determining the mere ques-
tion of fact, who was it that for four years
carried on-a contest of arms against the United
States? But to answer the question we muse
turn to the history of that peiiod, and without
inquiring into the constitutionality of anything
that was done, honestly consider what in fact
took place ; this will enable us to ascertain, and
in no other way can wc determine, who weie
the public enemies of the United States during
that period.
After the declaration of independence, in
1776, South Carolina, for instance, became
capable of declaring war, concluding peace,
and doing whatever else may of right be done
by an independent State. This everybody has
always conceded. But South Carolina by her
own act ratified the Constitution of the United
States, and became a State of the Union. Now,
for many years prior to 1861 there had been
difference of opinion in different sections of
the country as to what effect was produced
upon her rights as a State by her thus becoming
a State of the Union. She claimed that the
Constitution should be regarded as a compact
or treaty subsisting between independent sov-
ereign States; and consequently, that she, aj
a sovereign State and party to that compact,
had the right to judge of th'e infraction of any
of its provisions, and if in her judgment it
was such as to justify her in so doing she had
a right to withdraw from tho Union, and bv
declaring the compact at an end to terminate
the relations existing between her and the other
States.
But all this was denied by the people of a
majority of the States. We claimed that,
although South Carolina was originally an
independent State, yet, by the Articles of
Confederation, she had united her destinies,
ta a certain extent,...with.those of the other
