1738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Ibegleave toamend
by saying "at the rate of one dollar per thou-
Mr. SAWYER. I suppose then it will be
impossible to distribute these envelopes at all
unless by express; and if they cannot be car-
ried through the mails they will not be carried
at all.
Mr. RAMSEY. The object is to drive them
out of the market.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Itwillhave nosuch
cfifecti
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Buckingham, Car-
penter, Casserly, Cole, Conisiiug, Coibett. Cragin,
Edmunds, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston,
Kellogg. Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patter-
son, Ross, Schurz, Scott, Sprague, Stewart, Thayer,
Vickers, and Wilson—26. .
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Chandler, Davis,
Fenton, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Hill, McCreery. McDonald,
Miller, Pomeroy, Poo), Pratt, B-amsey, Rice. Sauls-
bury. Sawyer, Sherman, Stearns, Tipton, Willey,
and Williams—27.
ABSJ3XT—Messrs. Abbott. Anthony, Brownlow,
Cameron, Cattell, Ferry, Howard, Howe, Howell,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Osborn, Revels, Robert-
son, Spencer, Stockton, Sunnier, Thurman, Trum-
bull, Warner, and Yates—21.
So the amendment was rejected to.
DAILY KECESS.
Mr. COLE. I move that at half past four
o'clock to-day, and at that hour on each sub-
sequent day of this session, the Senate take a
recess until half past seven o'clock, unless
otherwise ordered.
Mr. -HAMILTON, of Maryland. Why pro-
vide for the days to come?
Mr. POMEROY. It will save making the
motion £very day.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Let the
motion apply to this evening.
Mr. COLE. The Senate can otherwise-order
at any time.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think it quite probable
that there is, and will continue to be, a neces-
sity for longer sessions than were formerly the
case with the Senate, but 1 suggest that if we are
to have a general rule of this kind there should
be some limitation of the length of the night
session itself. It is oppressive in the last de-
gree upon many Senators here to compel us
to sit until after midnight night after night.
Certainly no man can decently pretend that
the interests of legislation or of the country
are subserved by such sessions. We come here
night after night exhausted by the labors of
the day before. The attendance is small, the
discussion is necessarily imperfect, everything
which takes place takes place, 1 will not say
in the worst possible manner, but takes place
in such manner as not to be at all satisfactory.
I think the night sessions ought to be limited
to ten or half past ten o'clock, leaving it, of
course, in the power of the Senate, if it sees
{it, to extend the session. I would say ten or
half past ten ought to be inserted as the length
of the night session.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to the chair-,
man of the Committee on Appropriations that
he propose an order of the Senate that after
the expiration of the morning hour the entire
day shall be appropriated to the appropriation
bills ; that no other subjects after the morning
hour shall be allowed to interfere with the ap-
propriation bills. If the honorable Senator is
anxious in good faith to get through with the
appropriation bills, it seems to me that that is
a plain and effective mode of doing it.
Mr. COLE. That is precisely what I am
trying to do now, and I expect to keep it up as
well as T can as one member of that committee
unti-1 the em] of lhe session, or until the appro-
priation bills are through. The suggestion of
my eoiliM'.-:ie would be better, I think, if it
applied to ih'- length of the speeches rather
than the length ul' the sessions. [Laughter.]
There will be no difficulty in getting through
in reasonable time if the speeches were only
of a reasonable length.
Several Senators. Five minutes.
Mr. COLE. Five minutes would be a very
excellent rule.
Mr. DAVIS. My idea is that it shall be a
rule or an order of the Senate, not that the
Senator shall move them when he pleases, but
that the Senate shall proceed with them, and
adhere to them, that after the morning hour
of every day nothing shall be considered except
the appropriation bills.
Mr. COLE. One word. My frieud from
Kentucky knows very well that it is within the
rule to move any sort of measure as an amend-
ment on an appropriation bill, and we have
been troubled exceedingly by the irrelevant
measures moved as amendments. We have
seen to-day and every day measures that
ought not to be moved on the appropriation
bills, but under the rule it is impossible to
prevent the moving of such irrelevant amend-
ments,.
Mr. DAVIS, I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator that if he will move that reso-
lution or that order, and it is adopted, the
sense of the Senate will lead them to vote
down every such amendment promptly; but
I am inclined to think that the honorable Sen-
ator is not disposed to go into that course of
l}USltl6SS
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ken-
tucky must see that it would be impossible to
confine the labors of the Senate simply to the
appropriation bills, because we have commit-
tees of conference between the two Houses
on disagreeing votes whose reports must be
acted on.
Mr. DAVIS. The experienced Senator may
suggest an exception.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator would
make an exception of every case that comes
up 1 make no objection, [laughter,] but that
would destroy the Senator's rule.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Those may attend night
sessions who choose, but for one it will take
considerable pressure to make me attend them ;
and the condition of my health will account
for my absence.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will move an amend-
ment to the motion, that, unless otherwise
ordered, the night session shall close at ten
o'clock; and I desire to .say in reference to the
remark of my colleague that the limitation
should be uot upon the session but upon the
speeches, that I am not aware of anybody in
the Senate who has talked overmuch upon
these appropriation bills, unless it be some of
the. political associates of my colleague. The
first fault is with the committee, <?f which he is
chairman, or acting chairman, in bringing bills
here stuffed full of legislation. Legislation has
no business iu an appropriation bill; and those
who committed the impropriety in the first
place which gave rise to all this debate, if there
lias been any excess of debate, are the persons
who are responsible for it more than the Sen-
ators who indulge in it. We never shall be able
to dispatch the appropriation bills in this body
with proper diligence until the committees are
required by the rules of the Senate to confine
themselves to their duty. What is that duty?
It is simply to apply to the sources of expend-
iture already created by law tbe amount of
money which, in their judgment, is sufficient
for (hepurpose. Insteadof that, as I said, they
bring in bills here stuffed with all sorts of legis-
lation on all sorts of subjects. Isitany wonder
there is debate and protracted debate, too? I
trust the amendment will be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from California that he
doubts whether under the rule the amendment
can be entertained. It certainly conflicts very
decidedly with the eleventh rule, which au-
thorizes a majority to adjourn when they see
lit; and the Chair is advised—and it is his
recollection so far as he remembers the de-
bates of the Senate before he became its Pre-
siding Officer—that this is a novel proposition,
and one which has never been entertained in
this body, to fix the time absolutely at which a
daily session shall close, If tbe Senator can
point the Chair to any precedent the Chair
will be glad to examine it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not know whether
tbe precedent is in order to be alluded to, but
I understood that during the last session of
Congress the other House had standing rule
to adjourn at five o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was done
under a suspension of the rules. The Chair
remembers that precedent of the other House.
It was done there under a suspension of the
rules, and in that House anything within the ■>
range of legislative duties can be done under
a suspension of the rules. The Chair thinks
it could be done here also by suspending the
rule, but that would require unanimous con-
sent, or else the consideration of the proposi-
tion after it had lain over one day.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator can move
to adjourn at ten o'clock.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am quite aware of that.
I am very much obliged to the Senator from
Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. And if there was a pro-
vision in the rule that we should adjourn at
that hour unless otherwise ordered, all the
Senate would have to do to continue in session,
would be to vote not to adjourn at that partic-
ular time. It would be in the power of any
Senator to move then to otherwise order, and
that would be only another form of putting
the question on a motion to adjourn.
Mr. CASSERLY. Just like the morning
hour when it is reached ; it can be set aside by
the Senate, either by unanimous consent or
by an express vote. Still, I thought it desir-
able to have, if it could be had regularly, the
advantage of an order of the Senate on the
subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it could be done by unanimous consent, as
many agreements are made, or by a suspension
of the eleventh rule. The proposition, how-
ever, is a novel one, and tbe Chair would
dislike to hold it to be in order, as be is not-
advised that such a proposition was ever enter-
tained in the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will give notice then
of such a motion, and I say now that I think
it will have the effect of enabling us to keep
a quorum and avoid unseemly scenes such as
have occurred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California gives, notice that he will move
to suspend the eleventh rule of the Senate, and
any other conflicting rule, so that the Senate
can resolve that at a certain hour they may
adjourn the day's session. That is it, the
Chair believes.
Mr. CASSERLY. That will answer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair states
it in this form, because the rule requires that
when it is proposed to suspend or modify a
rule, the rule which is to be modified or sus-
pended must be specifically stated. The ques-
tion now recurs on the motion of the Senator
from California, [Mr. Cole.]
Mr. BAYARD. I ask whether the motion
is restricted to lliis day?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not; it
includes the remainder of the session,
Mr. BAYARD. I understood him to say
he would withdraw that part of it.
Mr. COLE. No; the Senator from Dela-
ware is mistaken ; I did not withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
that, unless otherwise ordered, during the resi-
due of the session the Senate shall each day
take a recess daily from half past four to half
past seven.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the prop-
osition by confining it to this day only.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The. question is
