1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1737
on the amendment the Senator from Dela-
ware.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. CoiiE.]
The motion was agreed to.
BRIDGES IN MISSOURI.
Mr. BLAIR submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 3033) to authorize the
construction of a bridge over the Mississippi river at
Louisiana, Missouri, and also a bridge over the Mis-
souri river at Glasgow, in said State, haying met,
after full and free conferencc have agreed to recom-
mend. and do recommend, to theirrespective Houses
as follows:
1. That the Senate recede from its first amend-
ment.
2. That the Senate recede from its second amend-
ment.
3. That the House recede from its disagreement to
the third amendment of the Senate and agree to t.he
same.
4. That the Senate recede from its fourth amend-
ment, and that the committee of conference recom-
mend that on page —, line twenty-seven, the word
"three" be stricken out and the word "nine" in-
serted.
5. That the House recede from its disagreement
to the fifth amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same.
FRANK P. BIiAIE,
S. C. POMEKOY.
ALEX. RAMSEY,
Managers on the. part of the Senate.
DAVID P. DYER.
JASPER PACKARD,
ALBERf 6. BURR,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like that to lie
over a few minutes until I can look at it. We
have so much trouble about this bridge ques-
tion just now that I think we had better look
at that.
Mr. BLAIR. Very well.
Mr. EDMUNDS subsequently said: I have
no objection to the report of the committee of
conference on the bridge bill being adopted.
The report was concurred in.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2579) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June 30, 1872.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I offer the following
amendment., to come in at the end of line fifty-
five: "including transportation and labor."
Now let the Secretary report the clause as it
will then read.
The Chief Clerk. The clause, if thus
amended, will read :
And shall be furnished by the Government at ten
percent, above actual cost, including transportation
and labor.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It seems to me very
surprising that the Senate is not willing to
charge a fair price for the transportation of
these envelopes. The proposition without the
amendment is this : that the Government is to
furnish envelopes in all parts of the country
at the same price, and that while we are com-
plaining that the mails are burdened with free
matter. Now it does seem to me right and
equitable that if we are to furnish men with
envelopes at ten per cent, above cost that cost
should include not only what we buy them at
in the city of New York or in any other market,
but that it should include whatever it cost in
addition to the purchase price to transport
them to the place where they are used. With-
out this the Government enters into a compe-
tition which is perfectly ruinous to every man-
ufacturer of envelopes. You buy them in the
city of New York at ten per cent, above cost,
and when you have bought them at that price
you send them to Oregon and sell them there at
the same price that you sell them in the city
of New York. It seems to me perfectly right
and reasonable that in addition to the cost
there should be added the cost of transporta-
tion and labor.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The effect of this and the
previous amendment proposed by the Senator
from Connecticut is to distribute the manu-
facture of envelopes throughout the country
among dealers in the various cities. Without
the amendment the result is in effect and in
fact to confine the manufacture of envelopes
to a vpry few people in New York and Phil-
adelphia.
Mr. RAMSEY, There is no mistaking the
purpose of my friend from Connecticut. The
great manufacturers of envelopes—and it is
not a small business at all; it is a very large
business, involving millions—are in the State
of Connecticut and the cities of New York
and Boston. In these regions are the great
manufacturers of envelopes; and theseamend-
ments are in the interest of those people. The
purpose of the Department is to distribute
them to the remotest parts of the Republic
free of expense to the people. They have
done so. It is inexpensive; the stamped en-
velopes are not near so expensive in propor-
tion as the ordinary stamps. The ordinary
stamps cost more to the Government than do
the stamped envelopes. As I said before, you
distribute them equally; the expense comes
like the rain of heaven, you do not feel it at
all. Every day to every part of the country
these envelopes are going. There is no load-
ing down the mails in any direction any day,
they are gently moved over tbe country-.
The Senator from Connecticut appeals to
what the Postmaster General alleged in regard
to the franking privilege, that free matter was
loading down the mails; but that is on the sup-
position that it would be making this matter
disagreeable to the Senate. This is a matter
of the Post Office Department itself. There
can be no objection to its transporting its own
matter by its own agencies.
The Senator from Connecticut urges that
this is a dangerous and oppressive competition
with, the private manufacturers. Why, as I
said before, while there are $14,000,000 in
value of stamps on letters that pass through
the mail, there are but $2,250,000 in value
of stamped envelopes, only about one-seventh
of the whole. Therefore this is no dangerous
competition to those men at all.
Then it has obtained for so many years that
the people are familiar with it; they want it;
and away off in the remotest parts of Nevada,
California, Wisconsin, or Minnesota, they can
get them without expense, and this is the
very best envelope that the trade can afford.
The consequence of this amendment would
be to flood our western regions with an inferior
envelope, while you in the East would have the
superior and better one, and we should pay a
larger price for it than we do now. The Post
Office Department without expense to itself
can give to the people everywhere this superior
envelope ; and why should you deny it to them
simply in the interest of these manufacturers?
Mr. COLE. I hope we shall reach a vote
on this matter without any further debate. I
presume we can.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 22, noes 19.
Mr. RAMSEY called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the yeas and nays are
ordered, I- submit to the Senator fron^ Con-
necticut whether his amendment is practicable.
How can you ascertain the cost of transport-
ing an envelope from New York to St. Louis,
or from New York to Cincinnati, or New York
to San Francisco?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I leave that to- the
Department.
Mr. SHERMAN'. This does not state that;
but it seems to me impracticable. I do not see
any objection to supplying these envelopes all
over the country at the same rate.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have a single word
to say in regard to that. If the envelopes cost
in the city of New York one dollar per thou-
sand, and if it costs to transport them to Cin-
cinnati fifty cents, the purchaser can get them
for $1 10, whereas the cost to the Government
is $1 50. To pay that difference the people
are taxed. That is "what I object to. I say we
ought, to have them, living near the center of
commerce, cheaper than a man does who lives
further, because it costs less to give them to
me than to him.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Connecticut
allows me to suggest a modification of h'm
amendment. It ought to read " including trans-
portation, to be regulated by the Department."
That would be the effect anyhow, I suppose.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why, it was a compromise
to put on the ten per cent. At present you
charge nothing.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The modifica-
tion suggested by the Senator from California
will be made.
Mr. THURMAN. That amendment obvi-
ates the objection I was about to make. I
should like to know how the price is to be
fixed. Here is transportation to places that
are very different, some by railroad, some by
water, and some over common roads. How
are you to execute a law that would require
you to put the price of transportation on the
envelopes and get at a definite round sum that
anybody could pay? It seems to me there is
trouble about that..
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It will be determ-
ined by the Department.
Mr. THURMAN. There are a great many
post offices in the United States. There must
be over twenty thousand of them—over thirty
thousand some one says. The offices grow so
fast that I cannot keep the run of them. If the
cost of transportation is to be added to the
fixed price of the envelope at every post office
at which it is to be sold, I really do not know
how it can be ascertained so as to fix any defi-
nite price.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senate voted down
a proposition to charge one dollar for the trans-
mission of every thousand of these envelopes
through the mail. Now, I submit that this
proposition is in effect the same. While the
former proposition was an attempt to charge
for the transportation through the mail of
the envelopes, this also, in express terms,
proposes to charge for that transportation.
The principle of the two propositions is the
same ; and, in order to be consistent, the Sen-
ate should vote down this proposition.
Mr. COLE. Now, 1 hope we can have the
vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on this amendment
of the Senator from Connecticut, and the Sec-
retary will call the roll.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will simply say to the
Senate that the amendment reported by the
Committee on Appropriations already adds
ten per oent. to the cost of these envelopes.
At present the people pay nothing but their
cost. That ten per cent, would seem to be
sufficient, and I am surprised that the Senator
should insist on his proposition after that.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. If it includes trans-
portation my amendment does not do it any
injury.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nay3 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Bayard, Buckingham, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Edmunds,
Fowler, Hamlin, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont,
Patterson, Seott, Sptague, Stewart, Yickers, an-d
Wilson—19. _
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Chandler, Davis,
Fenton, Flanagan, Gilbert., Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Harlan. Harris, Hill, Howell,
MeCr^ery, Miller, Pomeroy. Pool, Pratt. Karasey*
Rice, Rob^rtspji, Ross, Saulsbury, Sehurz.feiienaan,
Stearns, Btoekton, Thunaan. Xrumbull, vVxlhams,
and Yates—31. . .
ABSENT— Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Byowrilow,
Cd^eriy, Cattell, Cragin, Ferrv, Howard, Howe,
Johnston, Lewis, McPonald. Morrill of Maine,
Morton. Nye, Osborn, Revefs, Sawyer, Spencer,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Warner, and Willey—2<L
So the amendment was rejected.
