187L
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
States, and that by ratifying the Constitution
and becoming a State of the Union, she had
ceased altogether to be a sovereign State; that
the Constitution was not a compact among
States, but a fundamental law creating a new
Government which was sovereign over the
States.
In 1800 South Carolina determined to act
upon lier theory of her rights, to withdraw
from the Union, to dissolve her State govern-
ment, which had been one of the United States,
and to establish a new State government, inde-
pendent and in defiance of the United States,
and in every respect to resume her status as
an independent State; and in fact she did so,
and called out a military force to make good
her pretensions. Ten other States did the same
thing, and these States entered into a confed-
eration for national government, making com-
mon cause against the United States, and put-
ting an immense army into the field to estab-
lish their independence. On the other hand, a
majority of the States determined to enforce
their theory of the Constitution, and to pre-
vent the separation of the confederate States,
and raised forces for that purpose. The con-
flict between the forces raised by the United
States and those raised by the eleven confed-
erated, rebellious States was the war which we
are now considering. Iiad the South suc-
ceeded in the field the independence of those
States would have dated from the date of their
respective ordinances of secession, and the ter-
ritory and inhabitants of those States would
have been to us foreign soil and people, and
every man residing within the limits of those
States, without regard to his sentiments or
conduct during the war, would have been an
alien to the United States. The people of
South Carolina and the other rebellious States
proceeded in the forms of lf>w, and exercised,
wrongfully and unconstitutionally, yet exer-
cised, the sovereign powers of those communi-
ties in declaring their independence and waging
war to establish it. After the ordinances of
secession were passed, and the State govern-
ments had been remodeled, totally changed
from the character of State governments of
the Union, these new governments went into
operation de facto, they passed laws, they
administered justice, and exercised other gov-
ernmental functions over the entire people of
those States respectively. And the people of
those Slates rendered habitual obedience to
(hose governments. I do not remember an
instance, during the entire war, of resistance
on the part of their people against the govern-
ments thus constituted. There may have been
those who regretted, but they acquiesced iu
the course pursued, and those governments
exercised, de facto, the powers and spoke the
will of ail their people. The confederate gov-
ernment also exercised sovereign power for
aiul in the name of the people of those States.
Now. all this was wrongful, illegal, and uncon-
stitutional ; yet, this is just what was done.
And for four years the rightful Government of
the United States representing the people of
the loyal States, and the wrongful government
of the confederacy, representing the people
of the insurgent States, contended for sover-
eignty eleven States; and that contest was a
war which, in magnitude of operations, has no
parallel in the world's history.
There never before was an instance in which
a rebellion rose so speedily and so fully to the
dimensions of war. It commenced with almost
the formalities of declared war between inde-
pendent nations. The States as States seceded;
as States armed for war; and the provisional
confederacy was organized, and Jefferson Davis
was chosen its president, and formally^inaug-
urated before the inauguration o? Mr. Lincoln.
Both parties were conscious that war was inevit-
able : and after some of the States had seceded,
the President, in his annual message to Con-
gress, in December, I860, declared that the
IJinled States had 110 constitutional right to
loeree a Stat,.' to remain in the Union. For-
eign nations were therefore not only aware
that war was to take place, but they were in-
formed by the President that when it should
come the United States would be in the wrong,
so far as constitutional right was concerned j
andtherefore, if they attempted to coerce these
States, it must be in virtue of their sovereign
power to make war, conquer an enemy, and
hold his territory as a conquest of arms. In
this state of things it needed but the firing
of the first gun to inaugurate open, public,
flagrant war between the United States and
the unconstitutional confederate government
of the eleven insurgent States. It is only by
ignoring the manifest truth of history, and
exalting a theory above the fact, that the char-
acter of this contest can be degraded from that
of a public war into a mere breach of the peace
or an insurrection of individuals.
The confederate government as truly repre-
sented the people of the seceded States as the
General Government represented our people;
and shameful as the fact is, nevertheless it is
a fact that the people of those States gave to
the confederacy a more united and enthusiastic
support than our people gave to the Govern-
ment of the Union. And dropping mere names,
and looking at the substance of things, the
war was between the people of the loyal States
and the people of the insurgent States; the
Government of the Union and the government
of the confederacy representing, the oneright-
fully and the other wrongfully, their respective
constituencies; and those respective constitu-
encies were parties belligerent throughout the
war. Our forces sometimes penetrated the
confederate States, and sometimes their forces
invaded us; but, save as the territory of one
party was forcibly held by the other, the re-
spective peoples obeyed their respective Gov-
ernments.
These are the notorious facts of the case.
And it must be admitted that a theory which
considers any considerable portion of the peo-
ple of the confederacy as loyal citizens of the
United States, performing the duties of alle-
giance and supporting the Government of the
Union during the war, is mere theory, and
opposed to all the facts.
But such theory is unsound as a theory.
There is but one principle which, in the nature
of things, can be applied to such a case, and
that is, that every person in fact subject to the
authority of one of the contending Govern-
ments is the public euemy of every person sub-
ject to the authority of the other belligerent
Government; and the respective rights of the
citizens of each of these Governments are such
as are determined by the law of nations appli-
cable to the subjects of independent nations
engaged in war.
It is contended that any citizen residing in
the confederacy, loyal in sentiment and yield-
ing no voluntary support to the rebellion, holds
toward our Government the same relation as
a citizen residing in the loyal States, and is
equally entitled to compensation for any sup-
plies taken by our forces. But see to what
absurdity this principle would carry us. Sup-
pose a loyal citizen residing in Richmond, and
suppose him to be drafted and by force com-
pelled to enter the ranks of the rebel army.
He is met by Union forces at Gettysburg and
his arm shot away by a ball from a Union can-
non. His claim to compensation is as perfect
as though his house had been destroyed or his
crops been taken to feed our Army, and he
must go upon the pension-list. A principle
which cannot be applied in practice must be
discarded from theory.
The Supreme Court of the United States,
ill a series of well-considered cases, have de-
clared and affirmed every principle here con-
tended for.
The decisions in the Supreme Court upon
this subject are the following : the prize cases.
2 Black, 035 ; Mrs. Alexander's cotton case,
2 Wallace, 40-1; the Baigorry. 2 Wallace, 474;
the Venice, 2 Wallace, 258 ; Mauran vs. Ins. i
Co., 6 Wallace. 1; the Ouachita cotton, 6
Wallace, 52; Hanger vs. Abbott, 6 Wallace,
582 ; Coppell vs. Hall, 7 Wallace, 542 ; McKee
vs. The United States, 8 Wallace, 1S3 ; Uni-
ted States vs. Grossmayer, 9 Wallace, 72.
In regard to the territorial character of the
war, the Supreme Court, in the prize cases,
2 Black, 6-35, says:
"Under the very peculiar Constitution of this
Government, although tho citizens owe supreme
allegiance to tho Federal Government, they owe
also a qualified allegiance to the (State in which they
are domiciled. Their persons and property are sub-
ject to its laws.
"Hence, in organizing this rebellion, they have
acted as States claiming to be sovereign over all
persons and property within their 1 elective limits,
and asserting a right to absolve their citizens trom
their allegiance to the Federal Government. Seve-
ral of these States_ have combined to foim a new
confederacy, claiming to lie acknowledged by the
world as a sovereign state. Their right to do so is
now being decided by wager ot battle. The ports
and territory of each of those States arc held in hos-
tility to the General Government, It is no loose,
unorganized insurrection, havingno defined bound-
ary or possession. It lias a boundary marked by
lines of bayonets, and which can be crossed only by
force: south of this line is enemy's territory, because
it is claimed and held in possession by an organized,
hostile, and belligerent power. All persons residing
within this territory whose property may be used to
increase the revenues of the hostile power are. in
this contest, liable to be treated as enemies, though
not foreigners. They have cast olf their allegiance
and made war on their Government, and are none
the less enemies because they are traitors."
Mr. HOWE. "Will rny colleague allow me
to ask a question ? I had not the pleasure of
hearing the commencement of his argument,
and I do not know tliat I gather the exact point
to which that authority is cited. I should like
to ask my colleague if lie means to contend
that Kentucky was enemy's country?
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 have not reached
Kentucky yet: I am speaking of that portion
of the country which was declared iu rebellion
by the proclamation of the President. "When
I come to the particular case before the Senate,
I will then state what, I think is applicable to
the case of Dr. Best. I was discussing the
general question.
Mr. HOWE. My colleague will excuse me.
I should not have asked the question if I had
heard the commencement of his argument.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly. The same
view of the subject was taken by the Supreme
Court, in 6 Wallace, in the case of Mauran vs.
The Insurance Company. That case was a
suit brought 011 an insurance policy "against
the dangers and perils of the sea, fire, enemies,
pirates, assailing thieves," &c. : but 011 the
margin the assured assumed ail losses arising
from seizure, capture, or detention. The ves-
sel was seized by one of the confederate cruisers,
and the question was whether the taking was
a taking by pirates or assailing thieves, or
amounted to a capture as defined in law, '• the
act of an enemy in time of open war." In that
case the court reviewed this whole state of
things and laid down precisely the doctrine for
which I am contending. The const say :
" Now, applying these principles to the ense before
us, it will be seen that tho question is notwhether
this so-called confederate government, under whose
authority tho capture was made, wes a lawlut gov-
ernment, but whether or not it was a go\ eminent in
faet, that is, one in the possession ot the supreme
power of the district of country over which its juris-
diction expended. We agree that ail the proceed-
ings of these eleven States, either seveia!b~ or 111
conjunction, by means of which the existing govern-
ments were overthrown and new governments
erected in their stead, were wholly illegal and vo,d,
and that thoy remained after tho attempted sepaia-
tion and change of government, in judgment of law,
as completely under all their constitutional obliga-
tions as before.
"Tho Constitution of the United States, which is
tho fundamental law of each and all 01' them, not
only afforded no countenance or authority tor these
proceedings, but they were, in every par1: of them, in
express disregard and violation of it. biiil it cannot
be denied but that, by the use of these unlawful and
unconstitutional means, a government iu f.ipt whs
erected greater in territory than mans' of the old
Governments in Europe, complete in the organiza-
tion oi all its parts, containing within its limits 11101 e
than eleven millions of peoide, and of suihesent 1 e-
sources in men and money to carry on 11 civil war M
unexampled dimensions, and during all which liuie
the exercise of many belligerent right* were et'her
eoneeded to it, orwe-re acquiesced 111 )j> the supremo
