1738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. STEWART. On page 5, I desire to
make a change in the amendment which was
laid on the table reported by the' Committee
on Appropriations, and to offer it in that shape.
I will change it in line seventeen by inserting
after the words " shali be" the words "con-
structed of iron and."
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of
order unless the Senator reports it from some
committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And then it has to be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. STEWART. It has been reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the same amend-
ment which has been voted down ; the amend-
ment of the committee has been voted down.
Unless the Senator is authorized to report this,
it is not in order.
Mr. STEWART. The amendment that I
suggest dops not increase the appropriation.
Air. SHERMAN. That does not make any
difference. The whole item is an appropria-
tion.
Mr. STEWART. The appropriation is au-
thorized by the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee have had
notice of the appropriation under the rule. It
has been voted down once. It can be renewed
again in the Senate.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. We are in committee
now.
Mr. STEWART. I shall certainly be heard
on this, and I can reserve the amendment
when it comes up in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator .from Nevada that he can-
not reserve an amendment which was not
agreed to iti Committee of the Whole. This
amendment was not agreed to in Committee
of the Whole. In this respect the bill is just
as it came from the House of Representatives.
Mr. NYE. Can he not move it again in the
Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be moved
under the thirtieth ruleand the Chair will
rule upon it when it comes up.
Mr. STEWART. Does the Chair rule that
it is not in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator from Nevada to state
that he intended to reserve it in the Senate.
If the Senator offers it now the Chair will rule
upon it.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have the
ruling of the Chair so as to know how to get it
before the Senate. I mean to do that in some
way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada renews the amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations in regard to the
China service, modifying it so as to say in the
seventeenth line that these vesesls hereafter
accepted for service shall be of iron, and in-
creasing the appropriation in the bill from
$500,000 to $1,000,000. If this is in pursu-
ance of an estimate from the head of a Depart-
ment it is within the rule. Is it in pursuance
of an estimate? If not, it is not in order.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to state thg effect
ofthis. Onconsultation, I find that this amend-
ment is recommended by the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads. I have consulted
the chairman ; they indorse the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us see.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless moved
by direction of a standing or select committee
of the Senate it is not in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And it must have been
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Let us see what the amendment is. I did not
hear of any snch amendment in committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Oregon yield?
Mr. CORBETT. I think the Senator from
Nevada can offer his amendment after I get
through.
Mr. STEWART. Very well.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to amend the bill
by adding as a new section:
Sec. — That all bidders upon every mail route, for
the transportation of mails up^o the same, shall
hereafter accompany their bids (where they cxceed
85,000) with a certified check or draft of some reliable
banking-house or institution, which cheek or draft
shall not be less than ten per cent, on the annual
amount that they would receive in any one year
under any such bid. In ease any bidder on being
awarded anv such contract shall fail to enter into
good and sufficient bonds and to faithfullycarry out
his contract, such bidder or bidders shall forfeit the
amount so deposited ; otherwise such amount so de-
posited shall be returned to the respective bidders
to whom such drafts belong.
We have endeavored heretofore to make pro-
vision to prevent abases in bidding on mail
contracts. It has been a custom with men to
bid upon contracts when they did not intend to
perform the contracts or the service; and it
has been the custom of those bidding at a high
rate to purchase those bidding below them, and
in some instances the bidders have bid twice the
amount that it would really require to perform
such service. Those bidding at exorbitant
rates would buy up all those bidding under
them so that they might obtain the contract at
this higher rate.
Now, sir, the object of this amendment is to"
make every man who bids upon these contracts
deposit ten per cent, with the Postmaster Gen-
eral. If he fails to fulfill his contract he will
forfeit that amount. If he does not, of course
the money will be returned to him. If we de-
sire to protect the public Treasury from these
abuses, for which there is now no remedy, I
think the Senate ought to adopt this amend-
ment. We have made efforts heretofore to
protect the Government from these straw bid-
ders, but we have not been successful.
During the year instances have come to my
knowledge of contracts of this sort. In one
case, where the bidders bid from $80,000 up
to §175,000, all the bidders under the amount
of $175,000 were bought off and the bid raised
to that amount; although I believe in that in-
stance the Postmaster General did not award
the contract, on that bid. In other instances,
however", contracts have been awarded in that
way. There is now no remedy for this abase.
I believe that if we require by law a party who
proposes to bid $80,000 to deposit $8,000 upon
iiis bid, if he did not intend to fulfill the con-
tract he would not bid at all, or else he would
bid an amount of money for which he thought
he could perform the work.
I believe that the Government in advertis-
ing for supplies for the Army in the commis-
sary and quartermaster's department compels
all persons bidding to deposit with the depart-
ment when they make such bids about ten
per cent, of the amount of their bids, to insure
the Government that they will perform the
contract if they obtain it. I know of no good
reason why the Postmaster General should
not require parties bidding, where the con-
tracts amount to over $5,000, to make a
deposit in this way. This amendment does
not interfere with small contracts; but I
think the amendment should be adopted in
relation to contracts involving considerable
amounts of money and in which these great
abuses exist. My impression is that the adop-
tion of this amendment will save to the Gov-
ernment hundreds of thousands of dollars, and
I cannot see any harm that can possibly arise
from the adoption of the amendment.
The VICE PRESI DEN I1. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of Che Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
to strike out the word " annual."
Mr. CORBETT. Very well; I will mod-
ify the amendment by striking out the word
"annual."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment ?ts modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire now to renew the
amendment that I offered this morning; and
I again appeal to the Senate to give ine a vote
on the proposition. This is the only way we
can have it passed at this session, and I must
appeal to Senators and insist on baviug a vote.
1 shall make no speech upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio renews the amendment offered by him in
Committee of the Whole in regard to the Cin-
cinnati and Newport Bridge Company.
Mr. MORTON. I do not rise for the pur-
pose of submitting an argument on this amend-
ment. The necessity of protecting the navi-
gation of the Ohio river has been sufficiently
discussed before the Senate on various occa-
sions. I think there is not a Senator here who
is not impressed with the great importance of
it. It is also a matter of importance to the
railroad company to have the question settled
in regard to the bridge. They do not wish to
construct a bridge that shall be afterward de-
clared to be a nuisance and ordered to be pulled
down by a court, in which case they will suffer
the entire loss. It is important for them to
know what sort of a bridge will be allowed to
stand; and therefore, upon every considera-
tion, I submit to the Senate that this matter
ought to be settled now.
I think there is but one question involved in
this proposition, and that is as to the right of
this bridge company to compensation. That
is a question that lias been argued by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott,] and
perhaps the Senate-is ready to pass upon it.
The Senator from Pennsylvania said that the
change in the height of the bridge would not
cause any of the work that has been done
already to be lost. None of the expense that
has been incurred would be lost by a change
in the height of the bridge. But he makes
this point, that persons would not perhaps
have subscribed stock to a bridge that would
cost $1,500,000 who would subscribe stock to
a bridge that they supposed would only cost
$1,000,000, and thereiore, if, after this siock
lias been subscribed and this bridge has been
begnn, we shall make a change in the con-
struction of the bridge that will require it to
costa large amount, there is a question of good
faith and equity in favor of that company. I
think there is great force in that argument
myself. The Judiciary Committee, I believe,
have settled the question, that they have pro-
ceeded in the construction of the bridge in
accordance with the law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have not undertaken
to settle any such question, and the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thceman] who made the
report has so stated, correcting the Senator
from Pennsylvania, a little while ago.
Mr. MORTON. I did not read the report.
My understanding of the reference to the re-
pott this morning was that the bridge company
iu proceeding to build the bridge had been act-
ing in accordance with the law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from In-
diana will allow me I will state in one moment
exactly _wliat the Committee on the Judiciary
did decide.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to be corrected if
I am in error.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We did not examine
the testimony at all to ascertain what kind of
a bridge was being constructed. The only
point upon which the Judiciary Committee de-
cided was the authority to build a draw-bridge
at this point. We decided that under the law,
in our opinion, the parties constructing the
bridge had the right to construct a draw-bridge
that should be so many feet above low water.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A bridge with a draw in it.
Mr. 1RUMBULL. A bridge with a draw
in it. That was the question we decided. Wo
did not inquire what thecharacter of the bridge
being constructed was.
Mr. MORTON. I understood the Senator
from Pennsylvania, in his argument, to assume
that it had been settled by the Judiciary Com-
