1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1127
Mr. MAYNARD. It is a mere private claim.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I desire to say a word or
two before the committee is called upon to
vote. I shall not discuss the merits of this
patent—it is not the time to do so, on the point
of order—which was before the Committee on
Naval Affairs as a claim. I have raised the
pcint of order simply because I am pot willing
that the Committee on Appropriations should,
by a wrong construction of the rule, or even
by a very liberal construction of the rule, bring
under its jurisdiction the claims which should
go to the several.committees of the House. If
they can act upon this patent, this claim of a
man to be paid for the use of a patent, they
can act upon all such claims. There is scarcely
any form of claim that will come before the
House that the Committee on Appropriations
could not put in their bills if they can put in
this claim. A few years ago, at my own in-
stance, (at least I was before the committee
with it,) a claim something like this, origin-
ating in Tennessee, was put in; and after a full
discussion in the House it was stricken oat.
Mr. BECK. May I be allowed to say a
word'!
The CHAIKMAN. The Chair would be
glad to hear something on the point of order.
The Chair is about to submit it to the com-
mittee.
Mr. BECK. Before that is done I desire to
slate why the committee acted as they have
done. As L understand, we are allowing large
sums of money yearly for repairs of all sorts,
and for the preservation of materials, and
it was made known to us by the Secretary
of the Navy that there is now a process by
which turrets can be raised by this hydrostatic
power instantly, and that the easiest way to
raise the turrets of vessels is to raise them in
this manner; but we cannot do that except by
paying a certain sum of money to the man who
alone has the right to use the patent. We
want it lor the repair of our vessels, and why
should not the Secretary have the right to make
repairs in the proper way?
Mr. SCOFlliLL). Is it"not the practice both
in the Army and Navy to use any invention
that they iind they want, and then let the owner
of that invention or patent come before Con-
gress and ask for an allowance? That has
always been the practice. The Committee on
Naval Affairs have before them at this time
three or four claims of individuals for the use
of patents which the United States has used
in the naval service, and such claims always
come in the form of claims to be considered
by Congress.
Mr. BECK. If we use the patent, I believe
we ought to pay for it.
Mr. SCOFlELD. I am not saying that we
ought not. I am .only saying that this is only
a claim, aud is not iu order on an appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to make a sug-
gestion on the point of order. I understand
that the only ground on which the gentleman
from Wisconsin claims that this is in order is
that it is a practical and valuable invention.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Which it
is necessary for us to have immediately.
Mr. STEVENS. That may be; but the diffi-
culty is that the law has not so said. There is
no statute law and no regulation of the Navy
Department which provides for this acquisi-
tion of this patent. There is no law upon
which this appropriation can stand.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope
the Chair will decide the point of order.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I wish to be
heard for a moment on the point of order. I
cannot myself see any objection to this pro-
vision, and I cannot see why this point of
order should be raised. I supposed that the
Committee on Naval Affairs had considered
this matter and had decided favorably upon
it j but if they have not, I would remind the
chairman of tkat committee that with regard
to the invention for bending ships' timbers
which came before our committee to be exam-
ined we recommended in that case, which was
a similar case to this, the applicant to go to
the Committee on Appropriations. What they
have done about it I do not know, but we cer-
tainly recognized the principle.
Mr. BLAINE, (the Speaker.) Mr. Chair-
man, as a member of the Committee of the
Whole, I desire to say that it is entirely out
of order in this committee to state in any
manner what the opinion of the Speaker of
the House is as to points raised in the com-
mittee. The Speaker of the House, as a mem-
ber of the Committee of the Whole, has no
more authority than any other member of the
committee, and he declines to have his opin-
ion quoted in any shape or form upon a ques-
tion of order unless it comes up regularly
before him, as Speaker of the House, in the
House.
Mr. WOOD. One word as to this point of
order. I hold that the point of order is well
taken; that on an appropriation bill it is not
in order to provide for the purchase of a patent,
and that it is not competent for this commit-
tee, upon this occasion and under these cir-
cumstances. to entertain any discussion upon
the merits of the patent itself. I will say just
here that the Committee on Appropriations
seems to be appropriating to itself the entire
legislation of the House. I, for one, am
opposed to this, and I hope the Chair will sus-
tain the rule which prevents the introduction
of new legislation in appropriation bills.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope
the Chair will now decide the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will rule on
the point of order. The Chair sustains the
point of order raised by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. ScoriELD;] but oat of
abundant caution, as he stated before, he will
now submit it to the committee.
The question was taken upon sustaining the
decision of the Chair; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained,
and the paragraph ruled to be out of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I did not
feel disposed to take an appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair, because this is a provision of
the bill which 1 care nothing about, but which
I was instructed by the committee to report.
The Clerk read as follows:
At the navy-yard, Norfolk: for draughtsman to
naval constructor and clerk of store-houses, at $1,400
each, and time clerk $1,200; in all, $4,000.
Mr. PLATT. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by inserting after "$1,200"
the words " for inspector of timber, $1,500."
The Norfolk navy-yard is now the principal
depot for the purchase of much of the timber
used by the navy vards of the country. The
duties of timber inspector, provided for in
every other navy-yard by specific appropria-
tion, have been performed there for the past
six years by a gentleman who has been rated
as a workman of the ship carpenters' depart-
ment, at four dollars per day. I send to the
Clerk's desk and ask to have read a letter I
have received from him.
The Clerk read as follows :
Navy-Yard, Norfolk. Virginia,
March IS, 1870.
Dear Sir : The report of the honorable Secretary
of the Navy to the present session of Congress, now
assembled, recommends that timber inspectors' sal-
aries at the various navy-yards throughout the coun-
try shall be as follows, and estimates the amount of
money which will be required to be appropriated by
Congress to pay them, and here thev are, as follows:
timber inspector at Portsmouth (New Hampshire)
navy-yard. $1,400; timber inspector at Boston (.Mas-
sachusetts) nafy-yard, $1,530; timber inspector at
New York navy-yard, $1,500 ; timber inspector at
Philadelphia navy- yard, $1,100; timber inspector at
Mare Island (California) navy-yard, §1,500; timber
inspector at Washington (District of Columbia) navy-
yard, $1,200; timber inspector at Norfolk navy-yard,
$1,200. if ow, X do not ox pect to be com pelled to trouble
you again in reference to the position which I hold
at this yard, for I am certain that you are greatly
annoyed in your endeavors to reorganise, or to put
in some kind of order, this great naval establishment
after its confusion of so many years: and I exceed-
ingly regret to impose business upon you which is
not only troublesome but X fear a burden upon your
valuable time. By reference to the report of the
Secretary already referred to you can see the follow-
ing amounts of material (timber and lumber) coming
under the supervision ant control of each inspector
at ttie various navy-yards from the 1st dav of July,
1869, to the 1st day of July, 1870: and contracts were
made for timber and lumber during the above fis-
eal year as follows; Kittery navy-yard, $20,987 75;
Charlestowu (Massachusetts) navy-yard. S12.162 50;
Brooklyn navy-yard. New York, $51,336 65; Phila-
delphia (Pennsylvania) navy-yard, $23,135 37; Wash-
ington (District of Columbia) navy-yard, $3,260;
Norfolk (Virginia) navy-yard, $16,302; and in addi-
tion to this $16,302 I have shipped irom this yard
since October, 1869, up to the present time, (it being
'not yet six months,) to Washington, Brooklyn, ami
Boston navy-yards over twenty thousand dollars
of white-oak ship-knees, all of which have passed
through my hands; and since December, 1868, u-p to
the present time, over thirty thousand dollars of
yellow pine timber and white-oak knees have been
shipped irom this yard to other yards, which looks
as though this point was regarded as the depot for
the supply of ship-knees. Now, you will please
take notice that the timber inspector at Charles-
town (Massachusetts) navy-yard did not have as
much material to work on for the fiscal year 1869-70
as I had during the same time at this point, and yet,
strange to say, he is recommended to receive $1,500
per annum tor his services; and I beg leave to call
your attention to the discrimination, and to ask
your kind interposition in my behalf when thenaval
appropriation Dili comes up. which I believe is set
down for some day next week.
You will oblige me also by not letting it be known
that X addressed you in my own behalf, for in all
probability it would eventually operate against me.
I think I am worth as much to the Government as
any other like officer at other yards; hence my
remonstrance and appeal to you, and by attending
to my case you will place me under additional obli-
gations.
Trusting that you are still in the enjoyment of
good health, X remain, truly yours,
JONATHAN E. BOUSH.
Hon. Ja-mes H. Platt.
Mr. PLATT. The committee will see from
the statement which has just been read that
this man is doing more of this work there than
is done in any other yard in the country, with
one exception. I will not detain the commit-
tee further than to ask the Clerk to read a letter
from the naval constructor.
The Clerk read as follows :
Navy Department,
Bureau of Construction and Repair,
February 9. 1871.
*Sir: Having, in accordance with your request,
examined the estimates for the civil establishment
of this bureau for the current fiscal year, it is found
that no appropriation was made for an inspector of
timber at the Norfolk navy-yard.
I would therefore respectfully request that Con-
gress be asked to make provision lor one at that
yard, at the same pay as received by them at other
yards.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
I. HANSCOM, Chief of Jfureau.
Hon. J. H. Platt, jr., Member of Congressfrom Vir-
ginia, House of Representatives.
Mr, PLATT. The only additional expense
involved in my amendment is $300, and it is
recommended by the Navy Department.
Mr, WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This
amendment proposes to create a new officer,
to whom it is proposed to give $1,500 a year.
It is true that the duties which it is proposed
that this officer shall perform have been here-
tofore performed by a man, as a carpenter, at
I think three or four dollars a day. He has
been receiving, and is now receiving, compen-
sation at the rate of about twelve hundred dol-
lars a year, which is as much as we pay to the
inspector of timber in the navy-yard at Wash-
ington, It is true that we pay the inspector
of timber in the Brooklyn navy-yard $1,500
a year, but I think the gentleman himself has
shown that three times as much timber is used
iu the Brooklyn navy-yard as in the Norfolk
navy-yard; thus showing that this man has
comparatively a very light duty to perform.
The Department officers do not ask it; we
give them all they ask, and I think they should
be content with that.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Platt, and it was not
agreed to, upon a division—ayes five, noes not
counted.
