1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
801
las, 357.) The Inttcr ease goes very fully into tho
discussion of the nature and extent of the natural
right arising from pressing and inevitable necessity ;
and the great lire which occurred in London in 1G66
is referred to, when the lord mayor of London re-
fused to destroy about forty wooden houses, and also
certain tenements occupied by lawyers, in conse-
quence of which the fire spread and threatened the
destruction of the whole city."
Another case in which the subject is dis-
cussed is the American Print Works vs. Law-
rence, 3 Zabriskie, where Randolph, judge,
page 615, say3 :
''I think tho destruction of the property in ques-
tion does not come under tho right ot eminent do-
main but under the right ot necessity, ot self-pres-
ervation. The right of eminent domain is a public
right; it arises from the laws of society and is vested
in the State or its grantee, acting under til? right
and power of the State, and is the right to take or
destroy private property tor the use or benefit of the
State or of those acting under and for it. Tho right
ot necessity arises under the law ot nature; is older
than the laws of society or society itself. It is the
right of sell'-deienso, of self-preservation, whether
applied to persons or to property. It is a private
right, \ ested ir^every individual, and with which the
rights of the Scute or State necessity has nothing
to do. Of the right ot eminent domain constitutions
take cognizance, and say that 'private property shall
not be taken without just compensation,' because it
is a public right belonging to tho State; but ot the
right of necessity constitutions take no further no-
tice than they do with any other private right, all
being left under the regulation of the law and the
Legislature. A statute is passed to take the land, or
building, or property of an individual for a iortifl-
cation, a lisht-house, or arailroad ; this comes under
the right ot eminent domain, and the Constitution
steps in and requires payment. A right of self-de-
lenso, of self-preservation, without regard to the
lives or property of others, exists by necessity in
every individual placcd in certain situations at sea
or on land, in the country or in a city; and if the
Legislature think pioper to pass a statute to regu-
late a, portion of th;>t right in a particular city, and,
instead ot leaving its cxerciso to tho blind action of
all, make it the duty of certain officers to do the act,
does this convert what was before a mere right of
necessity in individuals into a public right of emi-
nent domain ? If it does, I am at an utter loss to
undeistand the Uaiismuiation, and, notwithstand-
ing opinions to the contrary, I do not believe that
the statute of Xew York under consideration has
anything to do with the right ot eminent domain,
nor have I ascertained that in any particular it is
uncoils titutional."'
I do not propose to delay the Senate any-
longer.
Mr. WILLEY. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. WILLEY. I ask liim whether that very
case which he has been just reading does not
decide the point that destiuction ot the prop-
erty therein described was a taking for public
use ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not so understand
it. I do notice that, in the opinion which was
read by the Senator from Kentucky in the
Court of Claims, it is asserted that this case
so decides; but I have read the case carefully
through, and I can find 110 such doctrine, and
certainly this opinion of Judge Randolph seems
to me clearly against such a theory.
No, Mr. President, the taking of property
to be used in the public interest, and the
destiuction of property to prevent its being
used at all. are distinct things.
1 have gone considerably beyond the precise
case before the Senate, because I desired to
state, without too frequently troubling the
Senate, the grounds upon which 1 shall vote
against all these claims. I repeat, some of
these cases appeal strongly to our sympathies,
and perhaps would justify us, in the exercise of
legislative discretion, in appropriating money
for their satisfaction. But, sir, the time for
displaying the bounty of the Government has
not arrived. We ought to be just before we
are generous; but while our legal creditors
stand unpaid at our doors, while the widows
and orphans of Union soldiers are poorly
housed and but scantily supplied with food and
raiment, we may not listen to these appeals
from the recent public enemies of the htate.
And I have made these remarks, endeavoring
to draw a clear line between that generosity
which is a luxury to him that gives more than
to him that receives, and that justice to whose
call we may not honestly turn a deaf ear.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no amend-
ment be proposed the bill will be reported to
the Senate.
Mr. H0WTE. Mr. President, I am glad to
see, by the reluctance of any one else to take
the floor, that this debate is approaching the
end; but before the vote is taken I beg leave
to trespass upon the patience of the Senate
with a few remarks which I hope may prove
to come up to the mark.
Mr. President, there is nothing in the world
so strange to me as the questions about which
men differ and dispute ; and the older I grow
the stranger these controversies seem to me.
Of course, I cannot for a moment question
the sincerity of those distinguished Senators
who, day after day, get up here and protest
against the liability of the Government or the
propriety of the Government paying for the
damages which this man Best is alleged to
have sustained; and I trust there is no Sena-
tor here who will question my sincerity when I
say that I do not know of an obligation resting
upon this Government, or upon any citizen or
subject of t'ue Government, more sacred, in
my judgment, than is the obligation to pay this
very bill. So you see there is a very wide dif-
ference of opinion. And while I differ with
other Senators as to the general result to which
my reflections have led me, I differ with them
on almost every detail.
Mr. President, I do humbly conceive that
this is a debt which your Constitution just as
imperatively commands you to pay as any dol-
lar of indebtedness for which any one of your
bonds testifies against you. That is my opin-
ion. I may be mistaken. I think, however,
it is such a debt, because I think this man's
house was private property and it was taken
for public use. That it was private property
no one denies. Best's house was not public
property. It was private property. It was
taken. Was it taken for the public use? That
is the only question in dispute. It was taken.
If you believe anything about this case, you
believe that, because all the witnesses say that
a detachment of troops was sent out, under the
command of a Federal officer, and they took
possession of this property, and they took it
to pieces ; they destroyed it.
Now, was that a public use? Senators say it
was not. I was going to say that 1 understand
that was a point made by my colleague ; but 1
am not quite sure whether it was or not. It
has been made by other Senators. They say it
was not a public use. The Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Howard,] 1 remember, the other
day said it was a benefit to the public; the pub-
lic got the benefit of it, butdid not get the use
of it. Well, Mr. President, if the Constitution,
when it employs the word ''use,'' does not
mean to cover benefits, I do not know why its
framers selected that word. If they meant to
say that you should pay for property that you
used, but did not get any benefit from, and
should not pay for property that you get benefit
from, they were indiscreet; that is all. Cer-
tainly we can better atford to pay for property
that we get the benefit of than we can to pay
for property that we use without getting any
benefit from.
We have got the benefit of this property.
What benefit? All the testimony in the case
shows that the benefit of taking the property
and destroying it was that Forrest was pre-
vented from making another attack upon the
fort. What would have happened if Forrest
had made another attack upon that garrison ?
He had six or seven thousand men, the garri-
son consisted of about seven hundred men, and
they were nearly out of ammunition. The fall
of the fort seems, humaniy considered, to hase
been almost inevitable. What would have hap-
pened if the font had fallen? Let my friend
from Michigan, [Mr. Cuaxdi.er] tell you about
that. He has told you publicly in a report
which was sent to the country upon the respons-
ibility of the late Committee on the Conduct
of the War. This Mr. Forrest was the hero of
the Fort Pillow enterprise. This attack was
made upon Padacah a few days after the Fort
Pillow massacre. That committee told the
country that there is not the slightest doubt but
that if Paducah had fallen that fall would have
been followed by the massacre of the garrison.
What, then, was the benefit derived from tearing
down this house? The saving of some seven or
eight hundred men, United States troops, from
massacre. Twenty-five thousand dollars you
are asked to pay for a benefit which had just that
extent, the saving of seven hundred men—I give
round numbers; Ido notrecollectwhatthemus-
ter-roll actually was ; it was about that—from
being put to death by the orders of a rebel com-
mander. For myself, sir, I feel as if we could
afford the money. Let other Senators say what
they please about it, I think we can afford to
pay the money, and I think that this isa "use"
within the meaning of the Constitution.
But suppose I am mistaken on that point;
suppose there was not a command in the Con-
stitution of this kind; suppose there was not a
letter of law on the subject, if you go back
seven or eight hundred years there was no law
regulating the cunduct of Governments onsuch
occasions. Then Governments did take prop-
erty wherever they found it if they wanted it,
and they paid for it or not as they chose.
There was no imperative command, no obli-
gation of law resting upon Governments. But
that was not, as you know, sir, as every Sen-
ator about me knows, a popular style of ad-
ministration. If you remember aright, and
my friend from Kentucky £Mr. Davis] remem-
bers if no one else does, there was a mass meet-
ing held at a place called Runnymede one day
to consider that style of administration, and it
was there decreed by a very respectable body
of our forefathers that Government should not
do so any more; that when they took tho
property of an individual and applied it to
the benefit of the whole the whole should pay
for it. They had a great deal of difficulty in
enforcing that command before Dr. Best was
born or had his house taken down over his
head.
Other crises have occurred in the history of
Governments when it was fondly believed that,
in spite of Magna Charta and all other statutes
like that, Governments might take property
from individuals and use it and pay for it or
not, as they chose. A good deal later than
that, a little more than two hundred years ago,
Charles I thought, not that he could take prop-
erty, as we took Best's house, and tear it down
just to protect a fort, but that he could take
any man's property living on the sea-coast if
he wanted to build ships. In the face and
ejes of what we know of Magna Ghana, you
would think that a very extravagant proposi-
tion, and yet the judges of England unani-
mously declared that he could do it.
Mr. CARPENTER. They were judges of
the king at that time, not of England.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, that is true ; they were
judges of the king. Tney were all the judges
that England had, however. I am not citing
that as authority for the proposition. AH
England knew that the judges lied when they
said it, and so Clarendon declares. Now, I
do not say that anybody lies when it is said
over and over again here that property can be
taken, as this was taken, without being paid
for, but I think Senators are gravely mistaken
when they say it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the permission of
my friend from Wisconsin, I should like to
ask him whether the taking of this ship mate-
rial or the taking of ship money, as it was
more properly styled, was under similar cir-
cumstances to those existing m the destruc-
tion of this house, or whether ic was not
attempted to be taken under an edict which
was claimed to have the force of law, like
the raising of a tax?
Mr. HO WE. I answer both those questions
in the negative. It was not analogous to this
case before the Senate, and it was not taken
upon any such pretext as my friend suggests.
