302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
Mr. EDMUNDS. What then?
Mr. HOWE, it was taken because the king
asserted or thought that be was the judge of
when he wanted a vessel built, and that if he
judged that he wanted a vessel built he had a
right, and God only knows where he derived
the right—he derived it from precedent, for
they had been in the habit of doing it—he had
the right to take, or call on his subjects to
contribute means to build a ship.
Mr.EDMUNDS. Exactlv; andsohemade
an order in council compelling everybody to
pay ship-money. That was a tax.
Mr. HOWE. Exactly; he did make an
order to levy tbis money, and I believe they
undertook to levy on a man named John
Hampden twenty shillings. He declined to pay.
A lawsuit grew out of that, quite a famous
lawsuit. All England was involved in that law-
suit. There was a decision. A large majority
of the judges decided against John Hamp-
den, and decided that the levy was a regular
one. Mr. President, we cannot at this day
estimate the amount of excitement, and almost
frenzy, that prevailed in England over that con-
troversy. It was about paying twenty shillings.
The right exercised or claimed was to make an
individual pay twenty shillings upon the judg-
ment of the Government that that amount of
money was needed. Here we have taken the
last dollar a man had, and turned him out of
doors upon the world, and when asked to make
compensation,say, "No; the United States do
not take sides in this controversy." I think
it is the graver one of the two.
But, sir, I say suppose we had no law on the
subject whatever, as before Magna Charta we
had none, as after our Constitution was adopted
we had none until an amendment was adopted;
for when the Constitution was framed they for-
got to put this command into it, that if you
took private property for public use it should
be paid for. That amendment was submitted
to the people, 1 believe, by the First Congress.
Suppose my colleague, [Mr. Cabpextur,] sup-
pose my distinguished friend from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmuxds,] suppose the distinguished Sen-
ator from Michigan, whom I do not now see in
his seat, [Mr. Howard,] had been in that Con-
gress when it was proposed to put into the Con- I
stitution a command that when private prop-
erty was taken for public use it should be paid
for, how would they have voted on that ?
" What," they would say, "do you really pro-
pose to make Government pay for all the prop-
erty they want to use? You will bankrupt the
Government, and never can do it." They
would say, "It will cost thousands of millions;
it will not do." But, after all, it was put in,
and there it is in the Constitution.
Mr. HOWELL. With the permission of the
Senator, I should like to ask him a question. I
desire to understand exactly his position in
regard to this matter, as my vote will be gov-
erned by the question whether this property
was taken for the public use or not. I should
like to^ understand how he would defend the
proposition that it was taken for the public use.
Suppose it was taken (as it was) possession of
by our troops and then an overwhelming force
of the enemy bad come in sight, and under the
orders of the military commander it had been
blown up by a train of powder, would it then
have been taken for public use?
Mr. IIOWE. 1 cannot say about that,
whether that would be a taking for the public
use or not. I cannot see in such a case as that
any benefit that the Government had to derive
from it or conld derive from it.
Mr. HOWELL. I understand that it was
taken and destroyed in the imminencv of the
danger of its being retaken by the enemy, and
not for public use, but for destruction.
Mr. Howe. J suspected my friend did not
understand that it was taken for public use.
It was not taken to keep the rebels from using
it. It was taken and it was destroyed to pro-
tect the garrison in that fort. That is what it
was taken for.
Mr. HOWELL. Under the supposition I
made, that the enemy was coming in force to
retake it.
Mr. HOWE. Yes; if they had never antici-
pated any attack on the garrison, I do not be-
lieve they would have destroyed Best's house;
and if they had never anticipated an attack on
that garrison, I do not believe they would ever
have built that fort; but they anticipated that
there would be an attack, and for that reason
they built the fort, and for that reason they
destroyed this house, to make the garrison more
secure; and the officers under whose direction
it was taken swear that it did make the garri-
son more secure, and that it was the means of
saving that garrison.
But I have tried to wink out of sight the
constitutional question and the legal question,
and I am going now to make a few remarks
upon the hypothesis that there was not any
statute on the book regulating the conduct of
the Government on the subject. What, do
you mean to say, Mr. President, that we will
not pay a dollar to anybody unless there is a
clause in the Constitution or a statute on the
book requiring it to be done ? Is that the atti-
tude of gentlemen? Certainly not. You have
a general law which provides that every man
who is wounded or disabled in the military
service, or in the naval service, shall be en-
titled to a pension ; but you have a committee
of this House and a committee of the other
House working laboriously and reporting bills
here which are clearly outside of this statute,
no law requiring a dollar to be paid, and yet
I guess your Treasury disburses more money
to pay pensions, to put pensioners on your
rolls who are not entitled to go there by the
established law, than is disbursed from your
Treasury to pay private claims. I do not
know how that is; but I presume it is so. No
Senator means to say that he will stand right
by the letter of the law, pay what the public
law requires to be paid and nothing more.
Then, if you pay anything which you are not
required to pay by law, why not pay such a
claim as this? There was $25,000 of good
property belonging to Best; he has lost it,
and you have got seven hundred living soldiers
where you would have had seven hundred car-
casses but for the destruction of that property.
That is about the fact. He is turned out on
the world a pauper, and you have got seven
hundred living soldiers. Sir, do you know of
any more ample inducement to pay a sum of
money than that ? Can you not afford to pay
it? Is he not entitled to it by reason of his
losses? Are you not able to pay it by reason
of the benefits you have derived from it?
Why, sir, if 1 go into the store of my neigh- i
bor and ask him for a yard of calico, and he >
gives it to me, the law requires mo to pay for j
it, whether I promised to pay for it or not, ,
simply because he is deprived of the calico and I
I get the benefit of the calico, and that is con- !
sidered equivalent to a promise to pay for it. ;
That is a question of calico. Here is a ques- ''
tion of human lives. Best has lost his bouse,
and you have got the benefit of his house. Is
not the consideration as good to raise an im-
plied promise upon as that of taking the calico ?
If I do not ask the merchant for calico, but go
in and take it off his shelves, the law will make
me pay for it. Why ? Because he ought to
have compensation. It will not make me pay
for it in au action of assumpsit, I suppose—at
least that was the law once ; but it will make
me make compensation for the goods simply
because he has lost them and I have got them.
Is not the reason for paying in this case as
ample as it is in that?
But I must not linger on these points. 1 am
persuaded, Mr. President, that there would not
be a Senator here who would questiou thepro- ,
priety of passing this bill and paying this man, j
Best, but for a fear which seems to have takeu |j
possession of the Senate that if they do this thing !
they open the Treasury to an endless throng ot :
claimants who will beggar it before they are ij
satisfied. Almost every argument I have heard
on this question commences with that consider-
ation, if it does not end with thatconsideration.
My main purpose in rising on this occasion
was to say a word in vindication of the ad minis-
tration of the Committee on Claims. Unless
I strangely mistake the tendency of the action
of that committee the Treasury is not at all
in danger of being bankrupted through their
action, and yet twice before this you have had
the country seriously alarmed by these reiter-
ated protestations that the Treasury was about
to be swamped by the action of the Committee
on Claims.
I maintain, as I have maintained before, that
there is no danger to be apprehended to the
Treasury from this precedent. If precedents
will open your Treasury to claims of this kind,
to the amount of thousands of millions, those
precedents are on the books. I have studiously
searched, and I have not found, and I do not
believe the most laborious man on this floor
can find, one single instance in the whole history
of this Government, since your Constitution was
adopted, where a claimant of this kind has been
turned from the doors of Congress unsatisfied,
and the instances are multiplied where they
have been paid. Let me read you some of them.
I have here a volume of private laws. We had
a war once before, a war with Great Britain,
and she had troops marching around through
our borders. There were claims made upon
the Treasury for damages resulting from just
such acts as this. I read one enacted in 1815.
I read from volume six of the Statutes-at-Large,
page 146, as follows :
"That the proper accounting officers of the War
Department be, and they .ire hereby, directed to
audit and settle the claims of William Robinson,
William White, Samuel Mosely, E:hvard tfiddons,
John Brown, Moses Brown, John Gordon, Joseph
Baker, Robert Ballowe, and Moses Gordon, on ac-
countofdamagesdoneto theirproperty by adetach-
ment of troops of the United Sta tes, under an order
from the War Department, which claims are hereby
authorized to be settled upon such terms and in such
manner as may embrace the justice of their case."
Then, on page 150:
"That the proper accounting officers of the War
Department be, and they are hereby, authorized and
directed to audit and settle the several claims and
accounts of Jacob Shinnick, and Sehouitz and Yogc-
ler, of Christian Chapman, and the legal represent-
atives of John Calef. deceased, on account of the
destruction, by the United States, of their rop'j-
walks and other property therein denosited, in the
viemity of Baltimore, in such manner and upon such
terms as may embrace the justice of their claim."
On the next page an act for the relief of
William h. Washington reads as follows :
"Thatthe proper accounting officers of the War
Department be, and they are hereby, authorized and
directedI toascertain the value of tne house belong-
ing to William H. Washington situated near the west,
end of the Potomac oridge, and which was lately de-
stroyed by order of an officer of the United States,
winch valuation shall he made in such manner and
upon such terms as may embrace the justice of his
case.
^ On the next page an act for the relief of the
Eastern Branch Bridge Company reads :
"That the proper accounting officers of the Navy
Department be, and they are hereby, authorizedand
directed to settle the claim of the Eastern Branch
Bridge Company, on account of the injury done their
bridge by an order from the Navy Department bv
ascertaining, or causing to be ascertained, tlio value
ot such injury, m such manner and upon such term-;
as may be juot and reasonable."
Then on the next page is "an act for the
relief of the Anacostia Bridge Company,"
almost like it in terms. Oil the next, pa^e but
one is "an act for the relief of sundry persons
in the service of the United States, in conse-
quence of the destruction of their fools by fire
at the navy-yard;" and right below it, "an act
for the relief of James Savage and others
Then on page 194 is another. I skip a great
many to call attention to this, which was "An
act for the relief of Caleb .Nicholls-"
tessaaasagsfisefefefe
A ^dC.om}>- hi tiiemonrh oi September, 1814
at PJattsburg, m the titutcof Now York,"
In that case the United States paid for dam-
