1128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
The Clerk reac as follows:
Civil establishmer t at the nayy-ya^d. Portsmouth:
for draughtsman, SI.600; clerk to chief engineer and
store clerk at 41,400 eaeh; and time clerk, at$1,200:
in all, §5,600.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move-
to amend ihe paragraph just read by striking
out "Portsmouth" and inserting "Kittery;"
so as to correspond with former amendments.
Xbe amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
At the navy-yard, New York: two writers to pay-
master, at  ,017 25 each; assistant inspector of pro-
visions and clothing, 61,878: writer to inspector of
provisions and clothing $1,017 25; assistant superin-
tendent of mills, in all, $5,868 75.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to amend the paragraph just read by striking
out ''New York' and inserting " Brooklyn
also to insert •'to" between "assistant" and
"inspector of provisions."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Naval Academy:
For pay of professors and others: one professor
of mathematics, $3,000; four professors, namely, of
mathematics, (assistant,) of French, of chemistry,
and of ethics and English studies at $2,400 each;
fourteen assistant professors, namely, five of French,
two of Spanish, three of ethics and* English studies,
one of mathematics, one of astronomy, and two of
drawinsr, at $1,600 each; and the money appropri-
ated for the cuiront year for the salaries of professors
and assistant professors may be distributed as above:
Provided, That the sum so appropriated be not ex-
ceeded: sword-master, at $1,200, and two assistants,
at #1,000 eich: boxing-master and gymnast, $1,200:
assistant librarian, at $1,400; three clerks to super-
intendent, one at SI,200, one at $1,000, and one at
$800: clerk to paymaster, $1,000; commissary, at
$28S; messenger to superintendent, at $600; cook, at
$325-50; armorer, at $529 50; quarter-gunner, at
$409 50; gunner's mate, at $469 50; coxswain, at
$469 50; three seamen, in departments of seaman-
ship, at $349 50 each; band-master, at $528; eighteen
first-olass musicians, at$348 eaeh; seven second-class
musicians, at $300 each: two drummers and one fifer,
(first-class,) at $348 each; in all, $58,476.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to amend the first part of the paragraph just
read, so that it will read as follows:
l7or pay of professors and others: one professor of
mathematics, $2,500; four professors, namely, of
matbematios, (assistant,) of French, of chemistry,
and of ethics and English studies, at $2,200 eaeh;
fourteen assistant professors, namely, five of French,
two of Spanish, three of ethics and English studies;
one of mathematics, one of astronomy, and two of
drawing, at $1,800 each; andthe money appropriated
for the current year for the salaries of professors and
assistant professors may be distributed as above.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I observe in line five
hundred and twenty-six an appropriation for
an assistant librarian, but I' do not see any
appropriation for a chief librarian. I desire
to inquire of the gentlemaa having charge of
the bill whether there is not probably an over-
sight in this particular; whether there is not,
perhaps, only one officer in charge of the
library, and whether he should not properly
be cailed the librarian.
Mr. WASfiBULiN, of Wisconsin. Thelan-
guage of the bill is in accordance with previous
acts. I am unable to explain why there is no
appropriation for a librarian; but this item
is all ihat is asked for by the Department. I
think it will be sufficient.
Mr. MAYNAliD. I am not complaining
of the smallness of the amount.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It would
seem that there should be a chief librarian,
but no appropriation for that officer has been
asked.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make no motion on
the subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
For contingencies, namely: freight; ferriage:
toll; cartage; wharfage; purchase and repair of
boats; labor; house rent of officers'quarters; burial
of deceased marines; printing, stationery, postage,
telegraphing; apprehension of deserters: oil, candles,
gas; repairs of gas and water fixtures; water rent,
torage, straw, barrack furniture; furniture foroffieers'
Quarters ; bed sacks,wrapping-paper, oil cloth, crash,
rope, twine, spades, shovels, axes, picks, carpenters'
tools; keep of a horse lor the messenger; repairs to
fire-engines; purchase and repair of engine hose;
purchase of lumber for benches, mess-tables, bunks :
repairs to public carryall; purchase and repair of
harness; purchase and repair of handcarts and
wheelbarrows; seavengcring; purchase and repair
of galleys, cooking stoves, ranges; stoves, where
there are no grates; gravel for parade grounds; re-
pair of pumps; brushes, brooms, buckets, paving,
and for other purposes, $40,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to ameod by
inserting after the paragraph just read the
following:
Provided, That the amount of $50,000, appropriated
by section nine of an act making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, End judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th of June,
1871, approved July 12.1870. to be expended under
the direction of the President in organizing and
sending out an expedition to the north pole, shall
not be carried to the surplus fund or covered into
the Treasury until the purposes of said appropria-
tion shall have been completed, but may be applied
to expenses of said expedition incurred during any
subsequentyear that said expedition may beengaged
in its duties.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That is
all right.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I raise the point of order
that this amendment proposes general legis-
lation and changes existing law.
Mr. SARGENT. The rule which the gen-
tleman invokes is a very useful one under
most circumstances; but I think that if he
will allow me to occupy a moment in explain-
ing this proposition he will be satisfied that
he ought not to raise the point in this case. I
ask him as a favor to myself to allow me to
make an explanation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to
the explanation, if I can reserve the point of
order.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, in the
general appropriation bill passed last year we
appropriated $50,000 to send an expedition to
the north pole. The expenses of that expe-
dition are partly incurred. It however takes
some time to fit up the vessel and get the expe-
dition started. The vessel will probably start
some time next June. Unless this amend-
ment be adopted the sailors, who will prob-
ably start on the expedition about the 15th of
that month, will after the 30th of June find
their pay stopped under a general provision
of law now in force. Under that Ijiw so much
of the appropriation as may be unexpended
on the 30th of June will be covered into the
Treasury. We propose in this amendment,
which I offer with the entire sanction of the
Committee on Appropriations, not to make
any further appropriation or to impose any
additional liability on the Government. We
merely propose to provide that during the
two years and a half that the expedition will
probably be absent the appropriation for this
purpose shall be kept alive in order to pay the
accruing expenses.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the
gentleman one question. Does he not think
that such a provision as he proposes with ref-
erence to this particular appropriation ought
to be adopted with reference to all specific
appropriations ; I tnean appropriations made
for the accomplishment of some specified
object? Does he not think that money so
appropriated should not be covered into the
Treasury, but should be applied to the object
or work designated until it is accomplished
or completed?
Mr. SARGENT. I agree with the gentle-
man on that point.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to ask further,
whether the Committee on Appropriations will
not during this session introduce a general
provision applying to that class of appropria-
tions?
Mr. SARGENT. That matter is under the
consideration of the committee. I am very
decidedly of the opinion which the gentleman
from Tennessee iutimates, that the rule, as
construed by the Attorney General, is entirely
too stringent, or at any rate that it should be
relaxed in some cases; and, in view of the
extent to which that opinion goes, the object,
cannot probably be accomplished without ad-
ditional legislation, which I shall certainly
favor. This matter, however, is entirely per-
tinent to this bill; and as it is shown that no
further charge upon the Treasury is proposed,
and that much injustice will be done to the
sailors employed in the expedition if a pro-
vision of this kind be not adopted, I trust the
point of order will be withdrawn.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will not insist on the
point of order.
The amendment of Mr. Sargent was
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Navy is hereby authorized to have built,
by contract, in some private yard, a floating iron
dock, for the repair of naval vessels on their stations,
and to apply in payment of the cost thereof such
money, not exceeding $1,000,000, as can be realized
from the sale of the iron-clad vessels whose sale is
nowspecially authorized bylaw; and, as far as found
practicable, to use and apply to the construction and
completion of said dock any of the iron, materials,
boilers, and machinery of such vessels which may
notbe disposed of. The said contract shall only be
made, after due public notice, to the lowest respons-
ible bidder. r
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a point of order
on that section.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is general legislation
on an appropriation bill.
Mr. WAS HBU RN, of Wisconsin. It is no
more general legislation than to appropriate
money to build a ship.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is no law author-
izing it. It is precisely on the same ground
as a proposition to build a new navv-yard or
to create a Navy entirely. It is clearly out of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order of the gentleman from Mis-
souri.
Mr. BENJAMIN. With all respect for the
Chair, I must take an appeal from his decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Missouri rises to a point of order. The point
he makes is this: that the second section of
this bill is not properly in an appropriation
bill, because it is new legislation affecting
existing law. The Chair overrules the point
of order, on the ground that such provisions
are in order,
Mr. BENJAMIN. Have the rule read.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 62, noes 4.
So (no further count being demanded) the
decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
the following amendment:
Add the following words:
And on_ plans and specifications, which shall be
open for inspection of bidders for at least ninety
days before the date of the lofting of said contract.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to strike out the
words "to the lowest responsible bidder"
and to add :
By advertisement for at least thirty days in at
least one daily newspaper, published in each of the
cities of Boston, New York, and Philadelphia, in-
vitingsealed bidsforsuch contract, which bidsshall
be opened and the award of the contract made pub-
licly by the Secretary of the Navy at the time and
place.to be specified in such notice.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope
that amendment will be adopted. It carries
out the same purpose I have in view.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That no chief of a
bureau shall make any contract for supplies for the
jNavy to be executed in a foreign country, except it
beon first advertising for at least tbirfv days in two
daily newspapers of the city of New York, inviting
sealed bids for furnishing the supplies desired, which
bids shall be opened in the presence of the Secretary
ot the Navy and the heads of two bureaus; and con-
tracts &hali in ail enses be awarded to the lowest
bidder. And paymasters foi\ the Navy on foreign
stations shall render, with tbeir accounts ior settle-
ment, an official certificate from theresu'entconsut,
commercial or consular agent of the United States,
