1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
ages done to Nicholls's house by shot thrown
into the city of Plattsburg, under the com-
mand of General Macomb ; not property taken
possession of in any way, but in bombarding
Plattsburg shot feil upon this house, as shot
fell upon Best's house while occupied by the
rebels. We do not propose to pay for that,
but that is what Congress paid for in this case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do yon mean to say that
they bombarded Plattsburg?
Mr. HOWE. I read from the act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The act does not say any
such thing.
Mr. IIOWE. Well, it says " damage done
to his house and store under the orders of
General Macomb."
Now, Mr. President, I desire to call atten-
tion to the report in one of these eases because
it seems to me so identical with this. The great
point made upon the facts iu this case is that
there was a battle going on. In point of fact
there was no battle. There had been a battle
the day before, and I do not know that there
has been a gun fired in Paducah from eleven
o'clock the night before to this time. I do not
know how that is. I do not. say there has not
been. There was no battle. The Senator from
Kentucky has read the testimony of an eye-wit-
ness upon that point who was in Paducah. I
have read you the statute for the relief of Shin-
nick and others. The report in that case is as
follows:
"That the petitioners were owners of rope-walks
near Baltimore, which contained a quantity of cord-
age and raw material, together with ihe necessary
implements for the manuiacture of the same, alt of
which were consumed by lire on the approach of the
enemy on Baltimore, on the 12th of September last,
by order of Brigadier General Korman, of theMary-
land militia.
" The circumstances under which the pioperty was
destroyed, as well as tile nece>sity of such destruc-
tion, will appear by the following certificates, which
the committee offer as part ot their report:
Camp Hampstead Hill, September IS, 181 J.
I hereby certiiy that in consequence of discretion-
ary power invented 111 me by Major General Samuel
Smith, commanding officer at -Baltimore, I ordered
the rope-walks near my lines, iu the possession of
Jacob Shinniek, to be set on lire and consumed on
the evening ot the 12th instant. The rope-walks at
the time contained the tools ot the trade, some hemp,
and some yarns. I also, at the same time, and under
the same circumstances, .directed a common trame
stable in the pastmeof Mr. iShmniek to be set on fire
and consumed.
I. M. F0R1IAX,
Brigadier General Maryland Militia.
" Two other certificates from tile same officer, stat-
ing the fact of destruction under similar circum-
stances of the rope-walks of Chapman and Calef,
were also before the committee:
Baltimore, November 16,1811.
Although it was dccidedly evident that the three
rope-walks in iront of my lines must be destroyed
the moment the enemy appeared before them, yet I
did not obtain Major General Smith's permission to
burn them until Monday evening, the 12th of Sep-
tember. it was then impossible to remove anything,
and notice to the owners would have been useless.
Indeed, troni my knowledge ot tho demand for wag-
ons and carls t  remove the inhabitants after the
enemy had landed at North Point, I do not think
that teams could have been procured to remove bulky
articles.
T. M. F0ItM\N,
Brigadier General Maryland Militia."
The enemy had landed. General Smith, the
officer in command, had not been willing to
allow tho property to be destroyed until the
danger was so imminent that they had not time
to remove anything. Then the permission was
given; tho order wag executed ; and the build-
ings were destroyed with their contents :
Vv\u-i!;> i u.:;, Xooctnber 22,1S11.
1 do ccrtil'y that the lope-walk owned or occu-
pied by Jacob Slunniekwassituateddireetlyni iront
of the lines, and under a battery within the com-
mand aligned to lii i tadier General Form,ill: that
rope-walk and twa ntlu'iswere -<> close !o the works
that had they roin.,ined an i an attack been made
by tiie enemy they would have aiforded such a cover
as would have cnaoied hs;n to havcapproaetiedclose
to liie wo:ks undiscovered. It became necessary to
destroy them ; noi did 1 ^ive the discretionary power
to General Poiin.m anttl the attack of the enemy
appeared cei-tam. Xiieirdestmetsan was postponed
as long as piuduiec permitted, nor ivere they de-
stroyed until it became absolutely and indispens-
ably necessary.
^ s. SMiru,
hate Major Gainful (Jtniimandmg at Baltimore.
The order was given there because it was
necessary, and one of the reasons urged for
not paying here is because it was so necessary
to take the property:,
" Thecommittee are of opinion, from the foregoing
facts, that the destruction of tho rope-walks was
deemed by the commanding officer prudent and 110-
cessary in the defense of the city of Baltimore, then
threatened to be invaded by a merciless and vindic-
tive oneiny. They are therefore of opinion that, the
public good, in his opinion, requiring their destruc-
tion, the owners of the property should be compen-
sated to the amount of its value, and recommend to
tho House the following resolution, and report by
bill:
" llesolved, That the prayer of the petitioners is
reasonable and ought to be granted."—American
State Papers, Claims, No. 203, vol. 9, p. Hi.
Now, Mr. President, I am not about to throw
down any challenge here to any Senator, espe-
cially when I see my friend, the Senator from
Vermont, looking at this case, to point out the
distinction between the principle in this case
and the principle in the case before the Senate.
I am quite too old a man and have seen too
many debates to entertain the fond hope for a
moment that two cases can be found so identi-
cal as that a lawyer will not undertake to point
out distinctions between them. I simply say
that I would not undertake to point out any
distinction between the principle in that case
and the principle in the case before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you not see one?
Mr. HOWE. Not a bit; and in my judg-
ment there is none. I think the Senator from
West Virginia [Mr. Willet] the other day cited
the Senate to the case of Mitchell vs. Harmony.
Mitchell was an officer in our Army, as Hicks
was. Harmony was a man friendly to the Gov-
ernment, as Best was, and, like Best, Harmony
had property. They were in a country during
a time of war. Harmony was led to move with
his property for the purpose of trade, but he
finally concluded that he would leave the mili-
tary command under Mitchell and go off' by
himself. Mitchell said "No; you must not
leave; you must follow the fortunes of this
command." Harmony did follow the fortunes
of that command up to a certain town in New
Mexico, and there, his horses being taken from
him, I think—I am reciting the facts in the case
from recollection—the goods were what? Not
destroyed by our Government, but they were
destroyed by the enemy. Harmony sued Mitch-
ell for the value of those goods, holding that
he was responsible for compelling him to trans-
port the goods to a point where they could not
be rescued from the enemy. Mitchell was
found guilty, and judgment was entered against
himforthevalueofthosegoods, between ninety
and one hundred thousand dollais. No life
was saved. The Government got neither a use
from those goods nor a benefit from them, and
therefore the court said Mitchell must pay for
them.
What did Congress say? Mitchell, by his
friends, came here and said, " I was in com-
mand of your troops. I was using the best
discretion I had. 1 did not want this man to
take his property away from under the protec-
tion of my command. I thought it would fall
into the hands of the enemy if he did. I com-
manded him to keep with me. He did keep
with me. The result was, unfortunately, that
the enemy did get the goods. Now the court
says 1 must pay for them. I cannot afford to
payforthem." What did Congress say ? Con-
gress directed the Attorney General to take an
appeal and bring that ease to the Supreme
Court, and if the Supreme Court held that the
judgment below was correct, then directed the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay the amount.
The Supreme Court did affirm the judgment
below, and the Treasury did pay the amount
of that bill, between ninety and one hundied
thousand dollars. That is the way your Con-
gress has treated claimants heretofore.
Mr. President, in the face and eyes of these
few precedents, these few examples, it does
not seem to me worth while for you to be scared
by precedents. If precedents would hurt you
you are spoiled already.
But I want to say once more in the ear of
the Senate—I hope never to have occasion to
say it again—that I think you are not in dan-
ger of any such vast, fearful raid being made
upon the Treasury as you pretend to be. That
is my judgment, and 1 base it upon something
like evidence. It is five years since the war
closed. Everybody has been free during all
that time to come to Congress with claims and
to get them, if he could, and I suppose every-
body that saw fit t,o come with a claim has
come. How many thousands of millions do
you suppose have been paid to these claimants
upon the report of the Committee on Claims
in those five years? The whole amount is a
little over half a million—$55o,651 55. But
in that sum are included several large items,
one of $00,000 for legal-tender notes, in a case
where just that amount,had been destroyed and
lost and these were issued in place of them.
The Treasury, you see, was not poorer by a
dollar for that appropriation. Then there was
§109,000 in another sum voted toL. Merchant
& Co., money which we had put into the
Treasury from the sales of their property ; so
that the Treasury is not poorer by a dollar for
that sum. There are several other cases like
those two in principle. I have not get the
aggregate of those items, but I will venture to
say that the Treasury is not poorer to the
amount of $300,000 by the action of the Com-
mittee on Claims for the last five years.
I desire to say here, in passing, that, in that
sum is included the frightful $400 which in an
inconsiderate moment you voted to the widow
of one of your officers for property that was
lost in New Mexico when he was out there in
command. You voted it upon the faith of a
public statute, and you voted it in the face and
eyes of the most vehement protestations that
if you set such a precedent as that it would
take untold millions out of the Treasury ! My
late colleague, I think, put it as high as a hun-
dred millions that would come from that prece-
dent. That $400 did go, and never a dollar
like it has gone since.
Mr. President, the State of Tennessee is n
pretty large one, and was once a pretty disiovai
one, whatever it may be now, and it was raided
over and was exposed to the depredations ot"
both armies undoubtedly more than any other
State in the whole Union. The Legislature of
that State organized a commission to inquite
and report upon the amount of properly of all
sorts lor which claims ought to be preferred
against either the rebel or the Union authori-
ties. That was a State commission. They did
not propose any action. It is undoubtedly the
ease that that commission reported not only a
vast number of claims that would not be paid
at all, but a great many claims that they did not
think were well founded. They undoubtedly
reported every dollar that anybody claimed
to have lost in the whole State of Tennessee.
How many thousands of millions do you sup-
pose they brought forward as claims against
both authorities ? That commission reported
as having been destroyed and taken by the
Union authorities property amounting in value
to Sl,9o-5,32J 37, and by the rebels something
over lour million dollars, destroyed in every
way, taken in every form, put to every sort of
use. There are the two sums. How much of
that $l,'JC>o,000 do you suppose would be paid
if presented to any fair committee of the two
Houses of Congress? You can judge of the
percentage by a fact which I will state to you.
You have authorized your Commissary Gen-
eral and your Quartermaster General to pay for
every dollar of quartermaster's and commis-
saiy sloies taken iu Tennessee and West Vir-
ginia and all the rest of the United States ex-
cept the ot her rebel States. No>v, what is the
resale of their administration? I have not
beioie me the figures later than 1869. Theti
the Quartermaster Getieial reported that the
whole amount of claims presented to liim for
quartermaster's stores in all the non seceding
States, with West Virginia and Tennessee
