1130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
The SPEAKER. If it does,'then the amend-
ment comes properly under that provision of
the rule which authorizes appropriations "for
the contingencies for carrying on the several
Departments of the Government.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Before the Chair rules
tipon a fact, I would like to have that fact pre-
sented before the House. I suppose the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] has
the recommendation of the Navy Department.
I-think, however, that he is mistaken in sap-
posing that the Secretary of the Navy recom-
mended the appropriation of " $100,000 " for
this purpose.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I do not
say the Secretary of the Navy recomuiended
the appropriation of $100,000, which was the
sum contained in the paragraph which in Com-
mittee of the Whole was ruled out of order.
The amendment I have now offered proposes
to appropriate but $50,000. The Secretary of
the Navy has spoken to me several times upon
the subject. 1 am not quite sure that he has
written a letter on the subject to the commit-
tee. I think he has. I offer the amendment
now principally for the purpose of obtaining
the ruling of the Chair upon it; not because I
care about pressing it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the
Chair whether the recomrnendaiion of the
Secretary of the Navy must not be a formal
recommendation in writing, made officially to
the House or to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and not a mere verbal statement to
some member of the House?
I he SPEAKER. That is not necessary nor
is it always so, because the Secretaries of the
various Departments have interviews with the
several committees of either House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am
quite sure I have the letter of the Secretary
of the Navy somewhere.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will take the
statement of the gentleman as the ground of
the ruling of the Chair. The Clerk will read
Rule 120 of ihe House, to which the attention
of members is requested.
The Clerk read as follows:
"No appropriation shall be reported in such gen-
eral Ap propriation bills, or be iti order us an amend-
ment thereto, for any expenditure not previously
authorized by law, unless in continuation of appro-
priations for such public works and objects as are
aln-ady in progress, and for the contingencies for
carrying on the several Departments of the Govern-
ment.
The SPEAKER. That rule was made for
the express purpose of allowing the different
Departments of the Government to submit
what arises under the class of contingent ex-
penditures to the judgment of the House of
Representatives, whether in the whole House
or in Committee of the Whole. It was made
for the express purpose of permitting the De-
partments to test their estimates before the
House. And as this amendment is based upon
the recommendation of the Navy Depart-
ment, the Chair has no hesitation in ruling it
in order on this bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to hearread
the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Navy.
The SPEAKER. The Chair accepts the
statement of the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Washburn] that such a recommendation
was made by the Secretary of the Navy."
Mr. VVASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I do not
offer this amendment in the House merely
because 1 desire to press its adoption at this
time, bat for the purpose of obtaining the
ruling of the Chair whether or not it is in
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no hesi-
tation in ruling the amendment in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I now
withdraw the amendment, and call the pre-
vious question upon the bill and the amend-
ments thereto reported from the Committee
of the Whole.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments reported from
the Committee of the Whole were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion wqs agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. When
on the floor awhile ago, I stated I was quite
sure I had a letter from the Secretary of the
Navy in regard to the claim of Seth Wilmarth.
I have since found the letter, and ask that it
be published.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair felt entirely
sure that the gentleman had the requisite
authority. If there be no objection, the letter
will be ordered to be printed in the Globe.
-1 here was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The letter is as follows:
Navy Department,
Washington, Februaryl, 1871.
My Dear Sir : I have received a letter from your
committee asking in substance my opinion as to the
proposed appropriation for the benefit of Seth Wil-
marth. His invention is very ingenious and valuable
to the Government; and I hesitate very much to fix
any money value upon a man's brains and ingenuity :
but candor compels me to say that I50.00J was the
sum which I had fixed in my own inirid as lair com-
pensation to him. He will receivc this money clear,
without being subjected, as other inventors are. to
the vicissitudes of trade and competition, or to the
chances of a market. The restriction in regard to:
toreign Governments will, I fe.ir, not avail to pre-
vent their use of the invention if they should find it
convenient to do so. These, however, are but the
impressions of a single man, with no greater oppor-
tunities ol judging of the value of the invention than
has any member of the committee, except upon the
single question of its applicability and value to the
service.
I am, sir, very truly, yours,
GEO. M. ROBESON.
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. Henry L. Dawes, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, House of liepresentatives.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. BEA'ITY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of
the following title ; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 2914) making an appro-
priation for the contingent fund of the House
of Representatives.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMSHIPS.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
presented the following memorials; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce :
Memorial of the International Steamship
Company, for the establishment of a line of
transatlantic steamships without other subsidy
than postages as now established by law; and
Supplementary memorial on the same sub-
ject, showing cost of materials, &c., and the
advantages of the proposed line to the Govern-
ment and the people.
adjournment till monday.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, for the inform-
ation of members, gives notice that a special
order has been fixed for to morrow at two
o'clock. The motion, however, is entirely in
order.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the special order
to which the Chair refers?
The SPEAKER. At the request of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] chairman
of the Committee on the Public Lands, the bill
in regard to a land organization for the Terri-
tory of Alaska was made a special order for
to morrow.
Mr. RANDALL. Let us assign some hour
on Tuesday for that bill.
Mr. KELLEY. Is there not also a special
order for business of the Committee on Com-
merce ?
The SPEAKER. That was refused.
On the motion of Mr. Holman, there were—
ayes 53, noes 55; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Kelsey were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 56, noes 65.
So the motion was not agreed to.
depositions de bene esse.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 8000) relative to the
taking of depositions de bene esse in the courts
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
pensions to soldiers of 1812.
Mr. WILLARD submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes ot the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1829) granting pensions
to certain soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812. and
the widows of deceased soldiers, having met, after a
full and free conference have agreed to recommend
to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment, namely: strike out the
words "in the revolutionary war and."
That the House also recede f om its disagreement
to the second, the third, the fourth, and the fifth
amendments of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the sixth amendment of the Senate, being an amend-
ment to the_ Sfcond section of the act. and aorree to
the same with an amendment, namely: strikeout
the words ' time when their names are placedupon-
the pension-rolls," in lines nineteen and twenty of
said section, and insert in lieu thereof the words
passage of this act."
That the Senate recede from its seventh amend-
ment.
C. W. WILLABD,
HORACE MAYNARD,
Managers on the part ol the House.
J. B. HOWELL,
D. D. PRATT,
GARRETT DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as the House
cannot understand from the reading of this
report the precise effect of the amendments of
the Senate to the bill of the House, I hope
the report will be printed, and laid over until
•to morrow morning.
Mr. WILLARD. I think I can in a moment
explain this matter so that the report may be
acted upon at once. The Senate attempted to
amend the first section of the bill so as to
make it apply to revolutionary soldiers, and
the widows of revolutionary soldiers who were
married prior to the treaty of peace in 1783.
The conference committee came to the con-
clusion that this amendment would not reach
anybody, and hence that it should be struck
out. 'i he Senate reduces the time required
by the House bill from three months' consecu-
tive service to sixty days' service, and we have
concurred in that amendment.
The Senate struck out all portions of the
bill relating to dependence of the soldier on
his labor or service for support. We have
agreed to that.
Ihe Senate also, in the clause relating to
pensions to widows, added the words "and
who have not since remarried." We have
agreed to that. We have agreed to a sub-
stantial amendment to the bill, which is this :
the bill as it. passed the House provides that
the pension should commence from the time
when the name was put upon the pension-roll.
It seemed, on conference of members of the
committee, members of the House and of
the Senate, that it would be but fair and just
to make the pensions commence with the pas-
sage of the act. So the pensions are made to
commence with the passage of the act. The
last amendment is simply an amendment in
relation to the title. I see there is no objec-
tion to the report, and I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
