804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
added, was something over twenty-eight mil-
lion dollais. Of that amount they had allowed
$3,750,088 15. About one ninth of the whole
amount claimed was allowed. One ninth of
the amount claimed before this Tennessee
eomrnission tfould give you about two hundred
thousand doltars to be paid in the State of
Tennessee.
Now, how the damages sustained in the State
of Tennessee compare with the damages sus-
tained in all the other States I certainly do not
know; it is a mere matter of opinion; but my
judgment is that there was more property de-
stroyed in the single State of Tennessee than
in ftll'the rest of the rebel States. Instead of
your standing in danger of any such thousands
of millions as you hear talked about so idly,
these are all the facts you have from which to
form an opinion, and I have no more belief
that $5,000,000 could be drawn from your
Treasury by a fair and square.meeting of every
honest, just., equitable—I say nothing about
legal—claim, than I believe I am liable for
§1,000,000,000 in my own individual person.
The Senator from Michigan not now in his
seat [Mr. Chandler] said the other day not
only that this would involve the Treasury in
an expense of $1,000,000,000, but he said that
it meant the repudiation of your national debt,
that it meant the repudiation of the pensions
due to your soldiers. Sir, I must say that my
friend from Michigan is not skilled in inter-
pretations, or else 1 am not. That is not my
construction of the act. I do not think it
means the repudiation of your debt. I think,
on the contrary, it means the payment of your
debt. It means the payment of $25,000 of it,
any way, to a dead certainty.
It' you want your debt to be secured I do
not believe the way to secure it is to refuse to
adjust such claims as this. If your debt is
ever to be paid it will not be because there is
any fun ill paying it, if it is ever paid it will
be because the public conscience is made to
feel that it is not honest or honorable to refuse
to pay that debt. But, sir, you instruct the
public conscience that it is right for the nation
to refuse to pay $25,000 taken from one indi-
vidual, leaving him a pauper, turning him out
upon the world without anything to support
himself with, taking every dollar he has, and
saving the lives of your troops in consequence
of the taking; if you instruct the public con-
science that it is honest and fair to leave such
a case of suffering, it would not be the strangest
thing in the world if men began to think that
if it was fair to deal with men in that way, it
was fair to avoid paying the $2,000,000,000 for
which the capital of the world holds your bonds.
And I protest, sir, against the honesty of
your holding up the sufferings of ycur soldiers
whenever such a claim as this is presented.
Mr. Presifient, no man, I think, goes further to
do justice to the soldier than I do, and I do
not think the soldier is liable to sufl'er because
you meet such claims as this. I do not want
to reclaim a dollar due as pensions to your
soldiers to mete it out to Mr. J. Milton Best,
poor as he is. I ought to beg pardon for drag-
ging in here the question of his poverty. Sup-
pose he^ is rich ; he is so much poorer than he
was before you took that property, and yon are
so much richer than you were before you took
it, so much richer as seven hundred living men
can make you. That is the reason why I want
you to pay this claim.
Mr. President, I said that I did not want to
reclaim a dollar from the pensioners to pay
Mr. Best; but it is of no use to talk to you
about that: your ordinary appropriations go
on. f s y now, as I said in the beginning, I
think this is as sacred an obligation as you owe
in 1 he world. I say I would mortgage the Cap-
itol rather than not pay it. I do not know
but that I would want to let the Senate out to
work by the day rather than let it go unpaid,
and I would go to work with them, if that
were necessary. We are not reduced to that
extremity. It is not right to alarm the coun-
try by the reiteration of any such idle, ground-
less dangers as this. You go on here piling
up your expenditures in every form. Here is
a man who stands before- you from whom you
have taken, for an honest purpose, $25,000
worth of property. Now, can we not afford
to contribute the amount to make that man
whole? That is the question. Suppose there
is no command in your Constitution; suppose
there is no law on your statute-book ; can you
not afford to make him this sort of compen-
sation? That is the question upon which I
want the Senate to vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President-
Mr. HAMLIN. This is a late hour in the
day, and I apprehend the Senator from Ver-
mont may speak at some length from the
material which he has around him, and, with
the Senator's consent, I will make a motion
that the Senate now proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator with-
draw that for a single moment?
Mr. HAMLIN. I will do so.
committee service.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask leave of the Sen-
ate to move that the select committee ordered
this morning to whom some resolutions were
referred relative to charges against a member
of the Senate, be appointed by the Vice Pres-
ident.
Mr. HAMLIN. I thought the Senator made
that motion this morning.
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion? The Chair hears none. It, is ordered
that the committee be appointed by the Chair.
The question now is on the motion of the
Senator from Maine.
The motion was agreed to; and the Ser-
geant-at-Arms proceeded to close the doors.
Mr. OR AGIN. While the doors are being
closed, I move that the vacancy upon the
Committee on Naval Affairs, occasioned by the
resignation of the late Senator from Missouri,
(Mr. Drake,) be filled by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And the other
vacancies on other committees?
Mr. CRAGrlN. Yes, sir ; I include them
all in my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire moves that the existing va-
cancies on committees of the Senate be tilled
by the Chair. Is there objection ? The Chair
hears none; and it is so ordered.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate then proceeded to the consider-
ation of executive business, and after a short
time spent therein the doors were reopened ;
and (at fouro'clock and thirteen minutesp. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 4, 1871.
The House mctat twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Thursday, December 22,
1870, was read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WOOD. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is the call of committees for reports
during the morning hour, which now begins, at
five minutes past twelve o'clock. The first
business under that call is the consideration of
a bill reported from the Committee on Manu-
factures by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Morrell.]
national exposition.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of House bill No. 1478, to provide for
celebrating the one hundredth anniversary of
American independence, by holding an inter-
national exhibition of arts, manufactures, and
products of the soil and mine, in the city of"
Philadelphia, and State of Pennsylvania, in the
year 1876.
The pending question was upon the follow-
ing amendment, moved by Mr. Cleveland:
Amend section three by striking out tho_ words
"President of the United States, by and with tho
advice and consent of the Senate," and inserting in
lieu thereof tho words "Governors of the several
States;" so that the same will read as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That these com-
missioners shall be appointed within one year from
the passage of this act by the Governors of the sev-
eral States*.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Mokkell] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. MORRELL, ofPennsylvariia. I yield for
a few minutes to my colleague, [Mr. O'Neill.]
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
but a few words upon this subject. [ cannot,
see any reason why the bill should be looked
upon at all as a local measure. It provides
for holding a national exhibition of arts, man-
ufactures, and products of the soil in the city
of Philadelphia on the 4th day of July, 1876.
That is not a matter local to the city of Phil-
adelphia, but it is one in which the whole
country is interested, and to which the atten-
tion of the whole world will be called. I for
one, as a Representative of a Philadelphia
district, say in all sincerity that if there be any
other place in the United States where the
sentiment which resulted in American inde-
pendence existed in so many ways or in a
greater degree than in that city, then let this
exhibition go to such locality.
I think it does not matter to the House nor
to the people of this country where the fin-t
suggestion of holding this exhibition may have
come from. It does not matter if, even as
alleged by the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Cleveland,] it emanated from a cer-
tain scientific institution in the city of New
York. I do not know whether the first sug-
gestion came from that institution or not; f
refer to the American Institute. I have only
to remark that in Philadelphia the immortal
act of independence was declared, and that in
the same city the Continental Congress had
held its sessions. In other words, the fact of
freedom from the mother country was there
born, and was proclaimed to the world on the
4th day of July, A. D. 1776.
I say again that I cannot see why there
should be any difficulty in the House adopting
the location indicated by the bill for this gr^afc
national exhibition on the 4th day of July,
1876. The question of cost is not to be con-
sidered. If that question should be deemed
an essential point, the citizens of Philadelphia
would themselves pay the expenses attendant
upon the celebration, just as any other great
city in this country probably would do. That
is but a small consideration in disposing of
the matter; and I am sure that any argument,
as to expenditures likely to be properly in-
curred by the Government will have no influ-
ence here. The Committee on Manufactures
have no idea of wasting the public funds or
that money shall be extravagantly expended
in any way.
One point has been brought up in the debate
to which I will refer for a moment, a point, in
relation to an institution in the city of Philadel-
phia, the Franklin Institute of Pennsylvania.
Why, Mr. Speaker, as to the mere matter of
age which has been raised by the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Cleveland,] that insti-
tution of science and the mechanical arts has
been longer in existence than the American
Institute. Its organization dates back, I think,
to the year 1822 or 1823, and it w?s formed by
the consolidation of several scientific instiu-
tions which had been in existence many yeaiv.
This institution has held exhibitions from year
to year until within a few years. It lias culti-
vated in various ways scientific taste and talent
by annual courses of lectarcs, which have been
continued, T believe, from tho time of its first
organization. Upon the score of age I think
the argument of the gentleman from New Jcrsiy
