1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1743
the stock would perhaps be worth nothing at
all. The boats, as I am informed, are earn-
ing no money and have not earned any money
since the cotnpleiion of the Pacific railroad.
This Pacific mail steamship line I believe to-
day owns nearly every ocean-going side-wheel
steamer on earth. Ten years ago every pas-
senger ship that crossed the Atlantic was a
side wheel steamer. To-day there is but one
side-wheel steamer that crosses the Atlantic.
They have given place to screws that are more
ff j,'cable to run. Now, sir, this company has,
f Uiink, twenty boats 
Mr. NYE. Ships, not boats.
Mr. CHANDLER. Ships, steamships, that
cannot run upon any piece of water on God
Almighty's earth and pay a profit. They were
built tor an exceptional traffic that has ceased
to exist. They are precisely in the situation
of those lines of steamers on the lakes when
(he railroads were completed around the south
shore of Lake Brie and through Canada. At
that time there was a line of steamers run-
ning to Detroit, another to Toledo, another to
Cleveland, another to Chicago. The line to
Detroit cost considerably over a million dol-
lars. After the completion of the railroads
they ran that line oue year at a loss, and then
tied up their ships and never put a fire in their
furnaces afterward.
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator pretend
to say that these ships were not built for this
identical service under the act of Congress?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly they were;
but that service has ceased; it is no longer
profitable.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, no; they are very
serviceable. They were required to be over
three thousand tons burden, and they are
over four thousand tons burden.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am hot talking about
the subsidized line running to Japan. I am
talking of the ships that you want to get into
this service.
Mr, STEWART. None of those ships are
over about thirty five hundred tons burden;
but this amendment requires the ships for this
service to be over forty-five hundred tons bur-
den , which will exclude every one of those ships.
They have no idea of using any of them in the
service.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have got the list of
them here.
Mr. STEWART. They will put ships into
the service built expressly for it.
Jlr. NYE. Let him read his list of ships.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Japanese line has
five ships, all of which are over four thousand
tons. Those, i believe, are good ships.
Air. NYE. Give us the names.
Mr. CHANDLER. The America, the Great
Republic, the Japan, the China, and the Col-
orado, which is in reserve. They have five
ships, and to each one of these ships we pay
3100,000 a year out of the Treasury of the
Uiiiee<l States to run ; and now the proposition
is to immediately contract with these parties
for an increase of the service. That is what
the bill says; I do not know how it is in this
amendment. The bill that was introduced here
says you shall immediately contract for an
increase to a semi monthly service. If you
must immediately contractfor that service, you
must take these old ships that cannot run any-
where on earth at a profit. Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, the life of a wooden ship is only about
ten years, and in those warm climates it is
only six or seven years. These old ships are
more than five years of age on an average. I
do not meat; the Japanese line.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator is entirely
mistaken with regard to the amendment now
before the Senate. He is as much mistaken
about that as lie was in the other particular.
I suppose he wants to be fair.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly I do.
Mr. STEWART. Then let me correct him
in this regard.
Mr. CHANDLER. I was talking about the
bill; I said I had not noticed the language of
the amendrrient particularly.
Mr. STEWART. Look at its language:
And provided further. That all steamships here-
after accepted for said service between Sao Fran-
cisco, and Japan, and China shall be of not less than
four thousand tons register each.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly ; but you are
required to contract immediately, and there
are no such ships. There is only one ship of
over four thousand tons, and that ship is in
reserve, on the Panama route. I am not mis-
taken. I have the figures here, and the names
of the ships.
Mr. STEWART. But they cannot go into
this service.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then on the Japanese
route, because that is coming up by and by,
what are you going to get? You are going to
pu t ships there that cannot run at a profit any-
where.
Mr. STEWART. Let me see whether the
Senator wants to be fair or not. Does he pre-
tend to say that under the particular clause
now under consideration the Postmaster Gen-
eral can take a ship under four thousand tons
burden? Let me read it to him. I suppose
he does not want to spend a great deal of time
on that question unless he-is right. Let us see
if he is right.
Mr. CHANDLER. Read the bill.
Mr. STEWART. I want to read the amend-
ment of the Committee on Appropriations &nd
see what he says aboutrthat. As they propose
to amend this clause it will read:
For steamship service between San Francisco,
Japan, and China, $1,000,000, or so much thereof as
may be necessary: Provided, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized to contract
tor the immediate increase of said service 
Mr. CHANDLER. There it is.
Mr. STEWART. Let me read it:
For the immediate increase of said serviec to a
semi-monthly service upon the same terms and con-
ditions as are prescribed by the act of February 17.
1865, and theaetof March 3,1887, amendatory thereof
for the establishment of the existing monthly service:
And provided further, Thatall steamships hereafter
accepted for said service between San Francisco, and
Japan, and China shall be of not less than four
thousand tons register each.
The Postmaster General is to contract upon
the terms and conditions of the acts of Febru-
ary 17, 1805, and March 3, 1867. Those two
acts provide for advertising, and exclude any
ship,under three thousand tons burden. This
proposition excludes any ship under four thou-
sand tons burden. They have got no ship of
four thousand tons burden in this service, and
this proposition excludes those ships upon the
Panama route. None of them could come in
under the language of this amendment, and it
is not anticipated that they will do so.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, when the
Postmaster General is ordered immediately to
contract for a semi monthly service he must
contract with somebody acd for sortfething.
Mr. STEWART. But" hereafter," notnow.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is to be an imme-
diate contract.
Mr. STEWART. I want to know •
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will wait
he may have the rest of the night after I get
through. At present I should like to have the
time myself.
I was referring to the lake steamers. I said
that they ran one year after the completion of
the railroads at a loss. They lost $20,000 a
boat, I think, for the year they ran, and they
then tied them up in the dock, and never again
put fire under their boilers. They lay there
a year or two, and then they took out their
engines and turned the hulls into lumber
barges. They dismantled the whole of those
magnificent steamers on the lakes, which
cost many millious of dollars more than these
Pacific mail steamships cost, broke them up,
sold their engines, and turned their hulls into
lumber barges.
But, sir, the parties owning those steamers
did not understand how to get out of a bad
scrape. They ought to haye come to Con-
gress and proclaimed that commerce was suf-
fering, and that in the interest of commerce
they must have a subsidy to run those ships.
That is the way to do it. It was absurd in
them to break up their ships that could not
run without a subsidy. They ought to have
come here and got a subsidy, and run them,
where they were not wanted.
They did not do so in Boston. They took
a side-wheel ship in Boston some two years
ago that cost over a million dollars and broke
her up, because she could not be run profitably.
Every other company in the world, when they
found themselves possessed of stock that could
not be run profitably, have abandoned it. But,
sir, this company has found a much better way.
Here is Uncle Sam's Treasury ; put your arm
in there; draw out your millions. They have
got $5,000,000 now. The proposition to day
is not for $860,000, but for $8,600,000. That
is what you have in the two propositions now
before you. There is only $5,000,000 in this
one, but there is $3,000,000 in the other, and
they propose to press them both, and all for
the benefit of this great Pacific Mail Steamship
Company.
Mr. President, in the interest of commerce
I am ready and willing to pay reasonable sub-
sidies wherever they can build up a commerce ;
but in order to build up a commerce you must
have great freight capacity in your ships;
capacity that must be filled up in the interest
of commerce. Take a three thousand ton
ship 
Mr. STEWART. Let me inquire of the
Senator 
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator can have *
the floor when I get through ; I do not wish to
be interrupted any more.
When you take a three thousand ton ship, a
propeller, she will have a freight capacity of
perhaps two thousand tons, and they must fill
up that freight capacity to pay for running the
ship. If they take flour from San Francisco
to Japan for fifty cents a barrel, they must still
fill up their freight capacity. But these side-
wheel steamers will carry but very little more
than fuel enough to take them across the water.
Now, if we are to do this thing in the interest
of commerce, let us have commercial ships,
and not these ships built for an exceptional
traffic, for a day and a generation that have
gone by.
Sir, there are some things that can be done,
and there are others that cannot be done.
You cannot by any law, or by any subsidy, or
any given thing that you can do, restore the
sickle in the place of the reaping-machine.
You cannot restore these old side-wheel wooden
ships as means of commerce so long as iron
ships are used by all the rest of the world, side
by side with them.
There has been a revolution in the commerce
of the world within the past ten years, and we
may as well look that fact squarely in the face.
It is an absolute revolution in commerce. Ten
years ago every steamship, every passenger
ship that crossed the Atlantic was a side wheel
steamer. Of all the one hundred and thirty-
five steamships crossing the Atlantic to-day
there is but one side-wheel steamer, and she
is running at a loss.
The year before last I took occasion to look
through the wooden ship-yards as well as the
iron ones. Prior to 1860 the great majority
of ships built in Great Britain were of wood,
ar.d they had vast ship-yards about London.
Those ship-yards are now abandoned. The
wooden ship-yards of England are among the
things of the past. Iron has taken the place
of wood. Those immense yards that were
along the banks of the Thames are closed or
turned to some other purpose, and iron ships
are builtupoutlie Clyde. This revolution has
been complete.
An iron steamship the moment she is finished
takes an A 1 register for twenty-one years.
She does not even have to be examined for
twenty-one years.
