1871.
THE - CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
B05
is fully met. The Franklin Institute is known
all over the world ; it is known through its
journal, which lias been published for some
forty years; it is known by the distinguished
men of science and mechanical ability who
have been and are its members, and whose
writings are read by the intelligent and learned
everywhere. That institution still maintains
its activity, still inviting the youth of Philadel-
phia and vicinity to its scientific lectures. Its
large and well-selected library attracts num-
bers of readers, and it affords various means
of information to those seeking scientific and
mechanical knowledge. Its usefulness is most
extensive, and its members are ceaseless in
sustaining its long-established reputation.
No, sir; this institution has been in exist-
ence many years longer than any other insti-
tution of the same kind in this country. To
be sure for several years it has ceased to give
exhibitions? This has been a mere matter of
accident perhaps. But why raise such a ques-
tion as that in reference to the city of Phila-
delphia? Why, sir, our whole city is an end-
less daily exhibition of science and art and
mecha.nical skill. Its streets are crowded with
mechanical establishments of all kinds. A
man passing through them may witness every-
thing that can be executed by skill in the
mechanic arts. Besides, sir, the facilities of
that city for bringing to it articles for exhibi-
tion are not equaled by those of any other
city. We have systems of canals and raiiroads
leading to all parts of the country. We have
every possible means of communication, and
every means of entertaining the multitudes of
people who may be expected to attend this
great exhibition. Our numerous and most
convenient hotels and our one hundred and
seventeen thousand dwelling-houses will cer-
tainly accommodate all who come. How many
more thousands of dwelling-houses our city
will contain in 1870 it is impossible now to
tell. I feel assured that under the circum-
stances Congress will not hesitate to pronounce
Philadelphia the most suitable place for this
interesting event.
This subject has been so well gone over by
my colleagues [Mr. Morrell and Mr. Myers]
who spoke upon it just before the adjournment,
and in fact showed so conclusively what 1 think
must be the desire of the whole country for the
passage of the bill vpry much in the shape in
which it has been reported by the Committee
on Manufactures, that it is almost needless for
me to speak further in its favor. I think I
may say for the chairman of the Committee on
Manufactures and the gentlemen composing
the committee that theydo not object to proper
amendments. Anything calculated to perfect
the bill, anything that will put it in such a
shape as to commend it to the good judgment
of members, almost anything except a change
of the locality and the general idea of the prop-
osition, will be acceptable.
This is not a question in which rival interests
of rival cities should be considered. I think
it goes far beyond any such consideration. I
think the civilized world would look upon us
with wonder and amazement if an exhibition
designed to celebrate the one hundredth anni-
versary of the day which began our existence
as a nation should, by the authority of Con-
gress, be held at any other location than where
the Declaration of Independence was promul-
gated. Why, Mr. Speaker, this brings to my
mind an event of a somewhat similar character
which occurred in the city of Philadelphia—an
event connected with that Declaration. Some
twenty years ago suggestions were made in
regard to burying in a single spot the bones
of those great men who participated in that
solemn act; and no place was mentioned or
thought of as appropriate except the city of
Philadelphia, the scene of that great work.
A convention from the thirteen original States
of this Union met in Independence Hall, to
adopt means, if possible, to bring into Inde-
pendence Square, under the very shadow of
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 20.
its hall, the remains of those who signed the
Declaration, and who during that interval of
over seventy years had died; the idea being
eventually to bury all the signers there; each
State to erect a monument over its distin-
guished dead.
Philadelphia, was the location then fixed
upon, it being the general sentiment that it was
the fitting place; alike sentiment, we presume,
will bring the celebration now proposed there.
The patriotic people of the country represented
in the convention just referred to did not point
to New York or Boston as the place of burial
of these immortal men, although each of those
cities had been the scene, before as well as dur-
ing the revolutionary war, of important and
significant events. Philadelphia was selected,
in case the grand suggestion could be carried
out, as the appropriate place where the bones
of these men should lie side by side together
forever. So now it seems to me that from
over this broad land there will come to our
ears the unanimous voice of approval of our
action in naming Philadelphia as the city in
which to hold the national celebration of 187G.
The people want it where tho events to be
celebrated occurred; where the Continental
Congress held its sessions, (the Carpenters'
Hal), although surrounded by commercial ware-
houses, still standing, and destined to remain
forever a monument to the patriotic men who
there assembled;) where, too, as you all know,
is Independence Hall, the very room in which
the Declaration was agreed upon, unaltered in
its interior arrangements, and the building
itself consecrated to the end of time as the tem-
ple of American freedom, never to be closed to
the visitor, who over delights to enter its sacred
portals. Why, then, should we hesitate about
the passage of this bill?
I am sure there can be no serious opposition
to it, or at all events such opposition as would
suggest really and sincerely the holding of the
exhibition anywhere else. Tho countries of
Europe hold these exhibitions, and why not
let, the United States, under an act of Con-
gress, inaugurate one? Let us show to the
world that we can compete with every nation
in the arts, in science, and in manufactures;
and, more than all, let us declare, at the dis-
tance of one hundred years from the day of
the Declaration, and from the very spot upon
which we were made free, that the men of Amer-
ica still cherish the memory of those who laid
the foundation of our greatness and our un-
equaled prosperity.
There is no place so suited for the exhibi-
tion as tho city of Philadelphia. We have
held our annual local exhibitions. They have
local exhibitions in New York city and other
cities greatly to the credit of those cities, and
greatly to the credit of the contributors to
them; hut let us have the great exhibition
on this great anniversary of the greatest event
of the world in that placc where that great
charter of freedom was made and proclaimed.
The citizens of Philadelphia and the citizens
of Pennsylvania invite the citizens of the whole
country and of the whole world to come
among them and help celebrate this centen-
nary exhibition. In my opinion, Mr. Speaker,
should there be any desire to make this a local
question, or to take the celebration to any
other city than Philadelphia, it would not then
be the great event it would be should we pass
this bill. The gentleman in charge of it has
expressed his willingness to let it be amended
in many particulars so as to suit the views
of the members of the House; but as to the
locality where the celebration should be, there
is but one place, and that the place where, on
the 4th day of July, 1776, independence was
declared to the world.
Mr. SPINK. I suggest to the gentleman
having charge of this bill that he should insert
Governors of Territories as well as Govern-
ors of States.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. Ihavean
amendment to offer which will cover that sug-
gestion, that the commissioners shall be nom-
inated by the Governors of the States and Ter-
ritories and appointed by the President.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr, Speaker, I made aft
amendment to the bill when it was last up,
which I do not think was perfectly heard and
taken down by the Clerk at the desk. I desire
to know whether alternates are still provided
for in the bill. It is that portion ofthebill which
I wish to have stricken out.
The SPEAKER. That has been incorpor-
ated in the bill as a part of it.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike it Out, as
I do not believe we want alternates.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I do not
accept that.
Mr. ALLISON. I intended it as a part of
my amendment,.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
will indicate the page and line, so the Chair can
state intelligently to tho House. ' '
Mr. ALLISON. My amendment w s:to sec-
tion four. But in section seven there is also a
reference to alternates.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Aluson] to strike
out alternates was agreed to, and that amend-
ment was made in the fourth section. But
the word again occurs in the seventh section,
where it is provided "that no compensation
for services shall bo paid to the commissioners
or their alternates," &c. If there is no objec-
tion the Chair will consider the amendment
agreed to as regards this section also.
Mr. ALLISON. My intention was to have
the words stricken out wherever they occur.
There was no objection; and the words
"alternates" or "alternate," wherever they
occurred in the seventh section, were stricken
out,.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to submit an
amendment embodying the views of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Cl.EVELASD,]
not now here, as follows:
That said commissioners shall bo appointed within
one year from the passage of this act by tbo Provi-
dent of the United States, on tho nomination of tho
Governors of tho States and Territories respectively.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I may
stato here that 1 regret the absence this morn-
ing of the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Cleveland.] I regret that we should have to
go on with this debate without giving that gen-
tleman an opportunity to be further heard.
But it is desirable that this - question should
be closed as soon as possible. At the same
time the friends of the measara are desirous
that the discussion should be as general as
there is any disposition on the part of.the
House to make it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the amendment offered by j^he gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kblley] to be a substitute
for the third section, and also a substitute for
the amendment of the gentleman from New
Jereey, [Mr. Cleveland.] The Clerk will, re-
port the section as it stands and the proposed
substitute.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That these Com-
missioners shall be appointed within one year from
the passago of thisact by the President of tho united
States, by and with tho advieo and conseht the
Senate.
Amend by substituting the following:
Sec. 3. And be it furthxr enacted, That said com-
missioners shall be appointed within one year frotn ,
fch e passage of this act by the President of the united
States, on the nomination of the Governor^ of the
States and Territories respectively. i
There was no objection ; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to yield me a
short time.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. How
]on<y?
-Mr. BROOKS, of New; York. I shall
occupy not more than ten minutes.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I yield
to the gentleman for ten mintttes.
