1332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be regarded as agreed to: and the question
recurs on the resolution as amended.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have just come into
the Chamber from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and therefore I am not informed
of the precise condition of the question now
before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If is a House
concurrent resolution for the printing of extra
copies of the report of the Commissioner of
Education ; and the Senator from Delaware
has moved to amend it by expunging a certain
portion in regard to Delaware, which amend-
ment has been agreed to; and the question
recnrs on the resolution as modified.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Secretary to
report the resolution as it will stand with that
amendment.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved by the House of 1Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed of the report
of the Commissioner of Education for the year 1870
twenty thousand extra copies, of which eight thou-
sand shall be for the use of the Department of Edu-
cation, eight thousand for the use of the House, and
four thousand for the use of the Senate: Provided,
That that portion of the contents of page 103 enti-
tled " Opinions of education in the States" be first
expunged.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest that the proviso
should read " opinions of education in the
State of Delaware."
Mr. BAYARD. The proviso refers to the
page of the report, and I have used the exact
language of the heading. There is nothing
else upon the page but what does relate to the
State of Delaware.
Mr. ANTHONY I do not wish it to apply
to other States.
Mr. BAYARD. It only refers to Delaware.
Mr. SAWYER. Does the Senator from
California desire to address the Chair now?
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection to
the Senator from South Carolina going on, and
as I have just come into the Chamber I should
prefer that he would go on for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Seuator from
California yields to the Senator from South
Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to make a statement
in reference to the part of the report to which
allusion is made.
Mr. STEWART. Before that is passed upon
I should like to know what the statement is
that it is desired to strike out. I should like
to have it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been
stricken out. Does the Senator from South
Carolina yield to the Senator from Nevada?
Mr. STEWART. Is this question disposed of?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. The
question recurs on concurring in the House
resolution as amended by the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have the
portion stricken out of the report read.
The V1CE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina is now entitled to the floor,
unless he yields.
Mr. SAWYER. I should be glad to yield
to have th5 portion stricken out read.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to know
what it is. If we are amending the report of
the Commissioner of Education I fihould like
to know in what respect we are to amend it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
before the Senate is at the Secretary's desk,
hut the report of the Commissioner of Educa-
tion is not here.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that a por-
tion of the report relating to the State of Dela-
ware, which the Senator from Delaware states
within his own knowledge to be a mistake, has
been stricken out. It is not more than two
pages; I think not more than one page.
Mr. BAYARD. Part of a page.
Mr. SAWYER. Then I desire to state, for
the information of the Senate, that an appli-
cation was made to the secretary of State of
the State of Delaware by the Commissioner
of Education for information, to which the
following was made as a reply:
Georgetown, Delaware, May 22,1870.
slr.' The Stato of Delaware is unable to eomply
with the reports asked for by you in yours of the 18th
instant.
Very respectfully, yours.
CtfSTIS W. WEIGHT,
Secretary of State.
John Eaton, Commissioner of Education.
The Commissioner of Education, finding that
it was impossible to obtain reports from the
secretary of State, made application to the
next best authority which he knew in the State
of Delaware, and that was Mr. John C. Hark-
ness, principal of the State Normal University
at Wilmington, who replied and gave him such
information as he was' able to obtain. It was
an impossibility, he says, to obtain any very
definite information in regard to the state of
education in Delaware, and what was put into
the report was the best that could be obtained
under the circumstances. The Commissioner
is of the opinion that the report states only
what is true, but from inability to obtain full
information that it does not state the whole
of the truth :
14 The State of Delaware being unable to furnish
any reports on education to the Commissioner, the
next best evidence was presented,!, e., the statement
of the trustees of the Normal University at Wil-
mington, of Dr. John Cameron, of Wilmington, who
made a visit to certain portions of the State for the
purpose of obtaining the information."
Mr. BAYARD. I thought my amendment
had been adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
has been agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. If so, I do not care to dis-
cuss it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope it will be recon-
sidered as a matter of form, so that the ques-
tion can come up fairly.
Mr. BAYARD. Very well. I have no
desire to preclude debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be regarded as reconsidered,
and the amendment is pending before the Sen-
ate. The Chair hears no objection to that
course.
Mr. BAYARD. I am very glad indeed that
it should be so. The Senate have copies of
this report, and may turn to pages 103 and 104.
The Commissioner very properly states, in open-
ing, that "information respecting the schools
of this State [Delaware] has been sought from
both official and reliable private sources." He
" The honorable secretary of State replies that the
State of Delaware is unable to supply the reports
asked for. There appears to be the absence of any
school supervision."
Then comes:
" The following are the opinions of educators in
the State."
These opinions, given by unnamed persons,
contain statements which 1 deny the truth of,
and which, even were they true, are libelous
in character, and are utterly unnecessary for
the purpose for which this report wasdesigned.
On the next page is the sensible and proper
part ot this report, to wit, a digest of the school
laws of that State, and a statement, so far as
they could be obtained, of the statistics of edu-
cation in certain parts of the State. These
are facts appearing by law, and appearing by
credible testimony. But I do not consider
that the country will be enlightened, and I am
sure the State of Delaware is defamed, by
taking the opinions of these self-styled edu-
cators and putting them in as facts in a report
on the system of education there.
The Senator from South Carolina has spoken
of the parties who give this information as
representing a university of some kind, a Slate
normal school, or a polytechnic school. Sir,
if it be called so, it is of their own nomencla-
ture. There is no State school. They may
call themselves what they please ; they may
say that they are the United States university
there; but I mean to say that they'do not speak
by any official authority for the people of that
State or any portion of them.
This matter of education is one in regard to
which men entertain very widely different and
yet very_ honest opinions. I do not mean to
say that our system of public education in this
little State is what it ought to be; that'itisnot
susceptible of improvement, and that improve-
ment is not very desirable; but I do mean to
say that the people of the State are fully sen-
sible of all their responsibilities to the rising
generation. I mean to say that taxes are im-
posed, and I believe are most honestly applied
to the purpose of general education in as large
a measure and as fairly as in any other State
that I know of. It is true that it has not taken
the crystallized form of a State university ; it
is true we have not State officers to supervise
education, but we have local officers each of
whom does that which is very valuable, and
which these so-called educators have not con-
sidered it worth their while to do, and that is,
he minds his own business. Our system is to
lay our taxes by local votes. The people of
the locality vote whether they will pay tax and
how much tax, and they apply it accordingly.
I do not stand here to institute comparisons
between the intelligence, the morality, the ad-
vancement of the people I represent with the
constituents of other gentlemen on this floor;
but I think that every Senator will' agree with
me in deprecating these expressions of opinion
on the part of volunteers, which are disre-
spectful to any community from which they may
emanate. I consider that the opinion of these
persons calling themselves educators is dis-
respectful to the State. I consider that they
have no place in a publication by the General
Government.. I ask that all the facts and law
may be retained ; I ask that the speculations
of individuals may be excluded. That is all.
I have said more about it than I intended, and
I take my seat.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not 'desire to
detain the Senate ; but if this matter is to
lead to debate I wish to ask a question of the
lawyers of this body for my own information,
and especially of my distinguished friend from
Vermont, who will take the floor in a moment.
I want to know to what head of Federal power
this educational bureau is referred. Is it a
part of the power to regulate commerce? Is
it a part of the war power ? What power does
it belong to? What authority is there in the
Constitution of the United States to establish
a Bureau of Education or of Agriculture 
Mr. SHERMAN. Or printing.
Mr. CARPENTER. Or printing; but print-
ing is another thing; this printing is done for
the use of Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not education also for
the use of Congress?
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend from Ohio
is so ill the habit of making suggestions which
I instantly indorse that 1 happen to indorse
him sometimes when I should not. Printing
is a legitimate subject for congressional legis-
lation, as much as sweeping the Chamber.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 thought that would
present the argument ad absurdum.
Mr. CARPENTER. But I do not see what
authority there is for our establishing a Bureau
of Education, for appointing a Commissioner,
publishing reports, or doing anything about it,
and I ask the question simply to be enlightened
on this subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I respect-
fully decline to enlighten my friend from Wis-
consin this morning upon that or any other
subject except the one we have up, and that
is the propriety of refusing to print one sec-
tion of a public report. When the question is
presented as to whether we shall abolish the
Bureau of Education, then I will listen to my
