1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1745
Are we prepared to do that? Are we pre-
pared to give up the entire shipping of this
country? That shipping furnishes a nursery
for our seamen. Shall we maintain a com-
mercial navy, as it might he called, as a nur-
sery for our seamen, or shall we relinquish it?
We are attempting to keep up a Navy, at an
expense of eighteen or twenty millions a year,
which amounts to nothing viewed as a nursery
for seamen compared with these lines of steam
and commercial communication, if they are
established.
In doing this we shali at the same time
bring to our doors the trade of these coun-
tries, and we shall reap the profits of that
trade. We shaii bring the trade from China
and Japan by the way of the United States
and across our continent to England, as we
have been doing, as is shown by the increased
number of passengers during the few years that
these ships have been in operation. The fact
that the number of passengers transported by
these ships has increased in four years from
five thousand to twenty thousand shows the
importance of this line.
The Senator from Nevada has given to the
Senate a statement of the increase of duties
during these years. I have before me inform-
ation setting forth that during the fiscal year
1865-66 the duties on the imports by the way
of San Francisco from Japan and China
amounted to only $1,270,133. The duties col-
lected at San Francisco and New York on
goods transported by the way of San Fran-
cisco by these ships in 1869-70 amounted to
$2,530,000, being an increase of one hundred
per cent, since 1866. If the amount of duties
received during the fiscal year 1869-70 is double
the amount received during the fiscal year
1865-66, I ask if the line of steamers giving
us this increase is not deserving of encourage-
ment? The importation of tea by the way
of San Francisco in 1867 only amounted to
130.950 pounds, while in 1870 it amounted to
4,635,129 pounds. This shows an enormous
increase of this trade since this line was estab-
lished ; and undoubtedly it will continue to
increase in a corresponding ratio if you estab-
lish a tri-monthly line of ships with these
countries. They can then make their trips
oftener, and bring the teas fresh by way of
San Francisco and across by the railroad to
England. This trade will follow this line of
ships if we encourage it and increase the num-
ber of trips of the ships.
If Senators do not desire to encourage Amer-
ican commerce, if they do not desire to have a
nursery for the education of our seamen so
that they may be at hand when the country
may need them, then tliey will discourage all
this commerce, they will let it go into the
hands of England.
This company have a capital of over twenty
million dollars. The stock has decreased to
about 40, although it was at one time 120. If
we desire to discourage them altogether, if
we desire that they shall withdraw all the ships
that have been constructed during the past
three years and let them rot in our waters, if
we propose to allow England to subsidize a
line and take possession of this trade, then let
us withdraw the encouragement we now give
to our own Hue. If we do not propose to do
that, let us give this company a sufficient sub-
sidy to build three or four or five iron ships
of over four thousand tons burden, so that we
may continue to have this trade, and so as to
encourage this commerce by the way of our
own country, across our own continent.
That is all I desire to say on the subject.
I hope that the amendment offered by the
Senator from Nevada, requiring these to be
iron ships, will be adopted.
Mr. STEWART. The original amendment
has been modified in that way.
Mr. COItBETT. Very well. Then I shall
vote with great cheerfulness for this proposed
increase of the service.
Mr. NYE. I ask the Secretary to read a
portion of the report of the Postmaster Gen-
eral in regard to this very thing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cone-
ling in the chair.) Will the Senator indi-
cate the purpose for which he sends the paper
to the desk?
Mr. NYE. I want a short extract from the
report of the Postmaster General read; and
also a little paragraph from the President's
message in regard to this line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the Secretary will read the paper.
The Chief Clerk. The following is an
extract from the report of the Postmaster
General of December, 1870:
"I respectfully renew the recommendation made
in my last report for an increase of mail service from
monthly to semi-monthly trips on the mail steam-
ship route from San Francisco to Japan and China.
Impressed with the great national importance of
maintaining this line of American steamships, and
the necessity of providing increased facilities of com-
munication with those countries in order to retain
and extend the commercial advantages already
gained by its establishment, I felt it my duty to ad-
dress a special communication on the subject to the
chairman of the Senate Committee on 1-ost Offices
and Post roads, under date of April 21,1870. (Senate
Mis. DocumentNo.125, Forty-First Congress, second
session.) which statements were presented, obtained
from official sources, showing the growth of our trade
with Japan and China since this line was established,
the amounts of correspondence transported, and the
financial results of the enterprise. I beg to refer to
that communication for the special considerations
which render it expedient, in my judgment, to sus-
tain this important national enterprise, and to
express the hope that Congress will promptly pass
the bill reported by the Senate Committee on Post
Offices and Post Koads at the last session, authoriz-
ing an increase of the service tosemi-mQnthly trips,
under the same terms and conditions as the present
monthly service."
Mr. NYE. Now I should like to have the
paragraph from the President's message read.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have all read that.
Mr. NYE. It is not as long as my finger,
and will take but a moment.
The Chief Clerk read the following extract
from the President's annual message:
"Oar depressed commerce is a subject to which I
called your special attention at the last session and
suggested that we will, in the future, have to look
more to the countries south of us, and to China and
Japan, for its revival. Our representatives to all
these Governments have exerted their influence to
encourage trade between the United States and the
countries to which they are accredited. But the fact
exists that the carrying is done almost entirely in
foreign bottoms, and while this state of aifairs exists
we cannot control our due share of the commerce of
the world.
"That between the Pacific States and China and
Japan is about all the carrying trade nowconducted
in American vessels. I would recommend a liberal
policy toward that line of American steamers; one
that will insure its success and even increased use-
fulness."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am very
happy to see that the indications are not favor-
able to a large crop of jobs at the present ses-
sion. I know that the subject of our languish-
ing commerce is a prolific one. There is a
grain of truth on which to base the speeches
that are made on that subject, and but a grain.
We changed the mode of measurement, by
which our vessels at the present time do not
measure as much as they did formerly. It is
true that we lost a considerable number in
consequence of the pirate Alabama and other
vessels of like character, and we sold a con-
siderable amount of our commercial marine
daring the late war. Bui that was not wholly
disadvantageous to the country. It enabled
our ship-builders, whether of wood or iron, to
replace those vessels which would have re-
mained idle by a much better class of vessels.
If there was a proposition brought forward
here that the United States should pay at once
in a round sum, say ten per cent., or perhaps
even more, for every vessel of three thousand
tons burden, on condition that it might be con-
verted to the use of the United States whenever
they should want it, I should be perfectly will-
ing to make such an appropriation for such a
purpose as that, and let all parts of the coun-
try share alike in building vessels wherever
commerce demands them, and not keep up a
sheer pretease that we want these vessels for
postal service, when we have no such service
at all to such places as Australia and these
other countries.
I did not rise for the purpose of making any
remarks, but to facilitate the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations to get this bill
through. I therefore move that this amend-
ment be laid on the table.
Mr. STEWART. The discussion has ended;
let us take a vote on the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont moves that the pendingamend-
ment lie on the table; and that motion is not
debatable.
Mr. NYE. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman,Cameron,
Chandler, Conklmg, Cragin, Davis, Edmunds, Flan-
agan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
llarian, Harris, Hill, Howard, Howe, Howell.
McCreery, Miller, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson,
Pratt, Seott. Sherman. Sprague, Stearns. Thurman,
Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and Willey—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Casserly, Cole. Corbetfc,
Fowler. Hamlm. Johnston/ Kellogg, McDonald,
Nye, Osborn, Pool. Ramsey, Riee, Sawyer, Stewart,
Thayer, and Williams—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Carpenter. Cattell, Fenton, Ferry,
Gilbert, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Pomeroy,
Revels, Robertson, Koss, Saulsbury, Sohurz, Spencer,
Stockton,Sumner, Warner, Wilson, and Yates—24.
So the amendment was laid on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. Without desiring to de-
bate it, I now renew the amendment 1 offered
a little while ago, with a little modification to
meet the objection made by the Senator from
Pennsylvania ; and I ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
foliows :
Sec.—..That it shall be unlawful for the Newport
and Cincinnati Bridge Company, or any other com-
pany or person, to proceed in the erection of a bridge
now being constructed over the Ohio river from^the
city of Cincinnati. Ohio, to the city of Newport, Ken-
tucky, unless the bridge shfell be so constructed that
the channel span shali have under said "pan a clear
headway, at low water, of one hundred feet below
the floor beams suspended from the bottom of the
posts, and in such case no draw shall be required in
said bridge.
Mr. COLE. I think that is a new amend-
ment. It has not been, in that form certainly,
submitted to the Committee on Appropriations,
and I make that point of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not necessary to
submit it to the committee. It involves no
appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator from California indicate the provision
of the rules to which he thinks this amendment
is obnoxious?
Mr. COLE. It attempts to bind the Gov-
ernment, as I understand, not exactly to make
an appropriation at present, but in the future,
as I think the Chair will see in the latter part
of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California making the point of order
that this amendment is inadmissible under the
thirtieth rule, the Chair understands the amend-
ment to be in effect a recall of the license or a
part of the license originally granted to a com-
pany to construct a bridge. Such being the
effect of the amendment, the Chair is unable
to see how it. conflicts with the thirtieth rule of
the Senate. Therefore, the Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to lay theamend-
meriton thetable. We have tried this question
over twice and defeated it twice on tiiis bill:
and I think it rather unfair toward this bill to
• push it again now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves that the pending
amendment lie on the table, which is not de-
batable. ,
- Mr. SHERMAN. Ou that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays. ,
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 28; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Edmunds, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton
