1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11S3
friend until I am convinced; but I think it
would be rather a back handed way to dispose
of this report by determining not to print one
page of it on«the ground that the whole bureau
is unconstitutional. I do not think it quite
right to refuse to print some one part of this
report because it bears unjustly, I will assume
and I believe from what my friend from Dela-
ware says, upon the State of Delaware. He
has explained that, and what he has said will
go as far as that which has been written by
those persons who wrote to the Commissioner
with regard to his State. This is a public
report. The Commissioner does not under-
take to be responsible for the information he
gets from the various States. He gets the
best he can, and where he gets but little (as in
this case he did get but little of any kind, it
appears, unfortunately) he puts it in quotation
marks without vouching for its correctness,
but only as a specimen of what he was able to
obtain. He does that with this letter from
Delaware, which sets forth as among the
improper things that the boys did not stand
in a straight line when they stood up to spell,
and that they spat tobacco juice. That is very
unhandsome for Delaware; but when I turn
over to my State, which I thought was a model,
I find that the report treats her ladies there
( improperly by accusing then of "spoilingtheir
fingers with the ballot," &c., instead of getting
their children to school as they ought to do.
I am bound to resent it on the part of the
ladies of Vermont who wish to employ them-
selves that way.
Then, in another place about Vermont, it is
said that there is one district in my State
which for ten years has not paid a cent of dis-
trict tax for the support of schools. I do not
believe it. There must be some great error
about this business: but we cannot stop in
printing this report to point out or investigate
all these errors. The only thing to do is, after
this explanation by my friend from Delaware,
to let the thing take its usual course and be
printed with this caveat he has put in and the
one I have put in for my State, and let the
report go; as all other reports, for what it is
worth.
Mr. BAYARD. There is a tone about the
remarks of my friend from Vermont that I
cannot precisely assent to. The reports of our
Departments and bureaus certainly should be
grave and considerate. This book is either
great trash or it is of some value. If there be
value of any kind in printing and publishing
to the people ot" this country the individual
opinions which have been expressed in this
paper, even though they may be in some de-
gree accompanied by counter-opinions on ray
part, then peihaps there may be something of
weight in the suggestion of the Senator from
Vermont. But 1 submit to the Senator that
this is not worth printing if it were true, and
if k is not true it would be wrong to print it.
TAlerascHpta manet; these words will remain.
T^he words that I utter, when recorded in the
Globe, perhaps will not be read so extensively.
I think that perhaps more has been said
about the matter than was necessary, and if I
had anticipated that there would be really a
grave resistance to so reasonable a proposition
as that which I submitted 1 do not know that
I should have cared to make it. I am very
well aware that if the character of my State
for education or anything else ig not strong
enough to stand such things as this it had
better seek some other means of fortifying
itself than by mere representations here. But
1 take the question in the abstract: a public
document is here presented and we are asked
to print it at an expense of $20,000 ; the facts
contained in it are not valuable if true; then
is it wise or proper in the Senate to print
or publish it? You save some money by ex-
punging this matter, and you not only save
Money, but you simply do an act of courtesy to
tk e people whom I here represent. I hope
my amendment will be adopted by the Senate.
It will not injure the character of this book
for educational statistics, and it simply does
gratify me to have this petty slur taken from
the records.
Mr. SAWYER. I think in justice to the
Commissioner of Education it ought to be
remembered that he was appointed at a very
late period during the last session and had
not much time to prepare this report, and
undoubtedly there are many of the tables
which are furnished in the report that want
accuracy ; not because fhe Commissioner has
not endeavored to insure accuracy, but because
the people of the various States to whom he
has made application have been inaccurate in
making their reports. Very few of the States
ot the Union make their educational reports
with anything like accuracy : and it would be
almost impossible to find from many States
reports which could be relied upon with per-
fect certainty for correctness.
Now, I can understand well that there may
be an objection on the part of the people of
Delaware to being represented by these two or
three gentlemen who have given this inform-
ation on this great subject of education. But
let the people of Delaware, as they will now,
take care that in the next report they are fairly
represented. The truth is, I believe, that the
occurrence of such a misrepresentation as this
may draw attention to this report, and may
awaken the people of the State of Delaware
and of other States where similar blunders
may have been committed to the necessity of
being represented rightly on this subject, and
perhaps- of looking into their own condition
to see whether what they judge to be a wrong
representation of their condition has not too
much foundation in the facts of the case.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the Senator
a question ? Is he satisfied that this is a mis-
representation in point of fact?
Mr. SAWYER. It is utterly impossible that
we should be satisfied with regard to it without
knowing a great deal more of the condition of
education in Delaware than I can know, or
tl^an, it seems to me, any one on this floor can
know who has not made it a special business to
examine into it. Whether the pursuits of the
Senator from Delaware have been of such a
character as to enable him even to form an
accurate estimate of the educational advan-
tages of the people of that State is perhaps a
question ; though upon any matter on which
he expressed a decided opinion from personal
knowledge of course every member of the
Senate would defer to him.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to submit
to my friend from South Carolina one sugges-
tion. Attention being called to this, and it
seeming to be a mistake—f do not use the
word misrepresentation, although the Seuator
used that word—may it not be proper to have
the attention of the Commissioner of Educa-
tion called to it and to allow him to make any
correction before a large future edition is put
out? Suppose in any case in any particular,
not touching the pride or the rights of any-
body, it turns out that a publication of this
sort proposed to be made is inaccurate, as a
mere contribution to the value of the work,
would it not be worth while to correct a mis-
statement?
And I will say, if the Senator will allow
me, in this connection, without raising the
question raised by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, that the whole publication of such vol-
umes as this proceeds in the idea thattheyare
useful; that they are useful contributions to
truth ; they are useful additions to light, and
they are sustained upon the principle which
may be expressed in the phrase '' Let there be
light." In that view, certainly, accuracy is
entitled to rank primest among the qualities of
the work ; and if the Senator from Delaware
has been able to point out a substantial devia-
tion from the truth, although it does not touch
his people, although it does not wound the
pride pf anybody, then it seems to me, speak-
ing of a publication yet to be made, the occa-
sion has arisen when a correction ought to be
made ; and that I understand to be in sab-
stance, whatever the form may be, the
sition of the Senator from Delaware, and the
purpose of his motion.
Mr. SAWYER. The suggestion of the Sen-
ator from New York would be entirely proper,
and I should concur in it, if it were possible te
go through the book on the same principle. I
have no doubt that there are many errors in the
information which this book furnishes, but it is
altogether impossible at this time to correct
them all; and yet the book does contain a vast
amount of valuable information. Most of the
errors which exist there are not errors which
would lead to any improper or unjust infer-
ences. The general deductions that are made
from the facts that are furnished by the book
would be right, and I must take issue entirely
with my friend from New York when he speaka
of this book as not being of any general use.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I beg pardon ; I made
no such suggestion. On the contrary, I said
the general use of such a publicatiou was in
the popular light, the popular information it
afforded. Now the Senator will pardon me
for drawing his attention to this point: it is
true, very likely, as he says, that all the mani-
fold errors and insufficiencies of a work of this
kind cannot be corrected; bat when attention is
drawn to a particular error which can be cor-
rected, as I infer in this ease, by the omission
of a page, is it any answer to say that you can-
not correct all the other errors ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
what the particular error of fact is, to say noth-
ing of the taste of this letter that is quoted on
the page referred to ?
Mr. CONKLING. My friend will pardon
me for saying that no answer to that question
would qualify the usefulness of the sugges-
tion I have made; and I do humbly insist
that, although this has become a document,
although it is bound, as I have it in my hand,
and although this is past recall, yet speaking
of a future edition, when attention is called to
a palpable error, if it be such, I see no reason
why that error should not be corrected. On
the contrary, it seems to me that the only argu-
ment to be made in favor of the putting out of
this edition is an argument in favor of making
the work as accurate as may be. Doubtless
the Senator from South Carolina is right in
saying that it will be somewhat imperfect
after all.
Mr. SAWYER. I have no special objec-
tion to striking out this page except the gen-
eral one, that if you begin by striking out
oue part, as soon as some other Senator reads
the book and finds something that does not
suit him he will want that stricken oat too.
If I understand it correctly, the portions ob-
jected to are merely expressions of opinion,
and are expressions of opinion by private indi-
viduals. They are not indorsed by the Com-
missioner of Education, and they will not be
iudorsed by the Congress of the United States
even if they are published. Certainly this
debate on the subject is a caveat to the public
not to take for granted the statements tn this
report in reference to the State of Delaware.
But, as I said before, most of the statements
in this book are, in the results at which they
arrive, and will be in the deductions which are
drawn from them, valuable to the country, and
I do not suppose the value of the book will be
peculiarly marred by the fact that one or two
private individuals in Delaware have intimated
that Delaware is not all she ought to he in an
educational point of view.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand the cham-
pion of this document to be the Senator irom
South Carolina, who advertises the country in
advance, and feels it to be his duty to do so,
that this book is full of blunders, and so full
that it cannot be corrected in season to be
issued by Congress at this session. He says,
also, that the advantage of the book will
