1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
307
entqr into consideration of the details. So
many gentlemen seem to be busy endeavoring
to improve it, I have full confidence that they
■will succeed in making it what it should be.
It may, however, be expected of me that I
should give a reason for voting in favor of hold-
ing this celebration at the city of Philadelphia.
If, as the gentleman from California [Mr.
Sargent] has suggested, we should determine
this question aside from sentiment, and solely
in reference to selecting the best place in which
to hold ar.ational exhibition, we should not stop
at the sea-shore as gentlemen from New York
would have us; we should not stop at Phila-
delphia, but we should cross the Alleghanies
and go to the heart of the Republic. We should
enter into the Union, and not halt on its bor-
ders. And having crossed the Alleghanies,
there could be no question but that the proper
place would be found at that central represent-
ative city which I need not name ; a city seated
near the center of population, in the midst of
an abounding agricultural region, illustrated
with the greatest variety of industries, and fitted
in every way to heighten the world's apprecia-
tion of America.
But there is one controlling reason, which is
conclusive to my mind, in favor of holding this
celebration at the city of Philadelphia. The
object is to commemorate that great historic
event which happened there nearly one hun-
dred years ago—the Declaration of Independ-
ence. That of itself were sufficient, even if
Philadelphia were not what she is, above all
eulogy, to give her unrivaled claims. And
for that reason alone I shall vote, and I believe
my constituents will go with me heartily, to
hold this celebration in the city of Philadel-
phia, the birth-place of the Republic.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I now call for the previous ques-
tion on this bill and the amendments.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will not call the previous
question at this time. When the bill was last
under discussion, the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Cleveland] gave notice that he
desired to make further remarks upon the sub-
ject; and he being a member of the commit-
tee from which the bill is reported, it seems
to me that he ought to be allowed that priv-
ilege. I hope, therefore, that as the House
is so thin this morning the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will not insist upon the previous
question, but will let the bill go over.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. If I
had entire control of the subject I should be
well satisfied to accept the gentleman's sug-
gestion, but I understand it to be the disposi-
tion of the House that the business shall go
on. I exceedingly regret the absence of the
gentleman from New Jersey. He as well as
myself must have known the importance of
being here. If the House should prefer to
postpone this measure until to-morrow morn-
ing, I shall not object, but if there is any
objection to postponement I propose to pro-
ceed in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from New
Jersey seemed to be the only one upon this side
of the House who had given this matter much
consideration, and he evidently had examined
it very carefully. He stated to the House when
his time expired (and the time allowed for de-
bate was very limited) that he desired to debate
the subject further, and thathehad important
communications to make to the House upon
this subject. I hope, therefore, that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will not insist upon
demanding the previous question at this time.
Let us not act on this subject without fully
understanding it. Let us know what the
gentleman from New Jersey has found out
about it.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. It is the
province of the House to determine what dis-
position shall be made of this question. I feel
constrained by a sense of duty to ask for a
vote.
The SPEAKER. If the House refuses to
second the demand for the previous question
the bill will go over till to-morrow. If the
previous question be seconded, and the main
question ordered, of course the House will be
brought to an immediate vote.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 43, noes 32; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Morrell,
of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Eldridge were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes C9, noes 30; no quorum voting.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that, the House
adjourn.
Mr. KELSEY. I think we had better have
a call of the House. I move a call.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn
takes precedence. If that motion be voted
down, the only other motion which the Chair
can entertain in the absence of a quorum will
be a motion for a call of the House.
SAX DOMINGO.
Mr. BANKS. Before the question is taken
on the motion to adjourn, I wish to give notice
that the Committee on Foreign Affairs will
on Monday next ask the House to consider
the Senate resolution with reference to San
Domingo.
libraries of foreign ministers.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting a report
from the Secretary of State, in reply to a res-
olution of the House, adopted December 12,
1870, requesting him to communicate so much
of the cerrespondence of Hon. Samuel Shel-
labarger, while minister to Portugal, with the
State Department, as relates to public docu-
ments and libraries in the care of foreign
ministers, with any recommendations deemed
proper; which was referred to the Committee
on foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
veto message charles COOriSR and others.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed :
To the House of Representatives :
I herewith return, without my approval. House
bill No. 1x95, entitled " An act for the relief of Charles
Cooper. Goshoni A. Jones, Jerom c ] tow ley, \Y ill hi m
Hanneg&n, and John Hannegan," for the following
reasons:
The act directs the discontinuance of an action at
law said to be now pending in the United States dis-
trict court for the northern district of Ohio, for the
enforcement of the bond executed by said parties to
the United States, whereas, in fact, 110 such suit is
pending in the district court, but such a suit is now
pending in the circuit court of the United Statesfor
the sixth circuit and northern district of Ohio.
Neither the body of said act, nor the proviso, re-
quires the obligors in said bond, who are released
from all liability to the United States on account
thereof, to abandon or release their pretended claim
againbt the G-overnment.
Since these parties have gone to Congress to ask
relief from liability for a large sum of money on ac-
count of the failure of the principals m the bond to
executo their contract, it is but just and proper that
they at the same time should abandon the claim
heretofore asserted by them against the Govern- |
ment growing out of the same transaction. |
U. S. GrIlA2sT. [
Executive Mansion", January i, 1871.
philip rexault's heirs. j
On motion of Mr. COVODE, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of j
the House of the papers in the case of Philip ]
Renault's heirs to certain lands. <
LIS AYE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. TAFFE was granted leave of absence
for two weeks.
Mr. STEVENS was granted leave of absence
for one week.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SARGENT, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2615) making appropriations for the current
i and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment and for fulfilling so-called treaty stipu-
lations with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 80, 1872, and for other purposes ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, ordered to be printed, and
made the special order for Wednesday next
after the morning hour.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I reserve all
points of order.
INDEMNITY TO THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. SARGENT. The House referred to
the Committee on Appropriations House bill
No. 2437, to secure indemnity to the United
States in certain cases, and that committee
referred the matter to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrexce,] as a sub-coroniittce.
who has made a written report. I am re-
quested by the committee to ask that it be
printed and recommitted.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
according!}'.
KATE L. KEftSIINER.
Mr. KELSEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2600j for the relief
of Kate L. Kershner, of Geneseo, New York •
which was read a first and second time, and
with the accompanying proofs, referred to the
Committee oil Invalid Pensions.
relief of army officers.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which wag
read, considered, and agreed to :
liesohed. That the Secretary of War bo requested
to inform this House what construction has been
given by the War Department, to a joint resolution
of Congress passed July li, 1870, entitled "A joint
resolution amendatory of joint resolution tor the
relief of certain officers of the Army, approved July
26, 186G," and especially whether persons held -is
prisoners of war by the enemy, or who may li.ivo
been in huspit.il by reason of wounds or Uisabilit,v
at the time of theissning of their commissions, have
been allowed the same pay, emoluments, and'bene-
fits as if actually performing the duties of the grade
to which they were commissioned, as provided by
said joint resolution; and if not, the reasons of the
Department for such refusal.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. BECK. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to report a hill (H.
R. No. 2616) making an additional appropria-
tion for the improvement of the Louisville and
Portland canal during the current fiscal year,
and to move that it be referred to the Commit'-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union
ordered to be printed, and made the special
order for Wednesday next.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Let it be put on its pas-
sage now.
Mr. BECK. I should be very glad to have
that done.
Mr. CONGER. I object.
The SPEAKER. There is a special order
for Wednesday next.
Mr. BECK. This is from the same commit-
tee, and I wish it to be made a special order
for the same day.
The SPEAKER. It will not come up, then
till the Indian appropriation bill has been dis-
posed of. The gentleman bad better say Tues-
day next after the morning hour.
Mr. BECK. Very well.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let it be read, and we
may agree to pass it at once.
Mr. BECK. There will be no objection to
it when it comes to be understood.
The bill was read a first and second time.
It was then read in cxtenso. It appropriates
an additional sum of ,$200,000 for the improve-
ment of the Louisville and Portland canal dur-
ing the current fiscal year, to be expended in
accordance with existing law.
Mr. CONGER. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BECK. I do not yield for that motion.
The bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, ordered
to be printed, and made a special order for
Tuesday next after the morning hour.
