1746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
of Texas, Hamlin, Howard, Howe, Howell, Lewis,
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Ramsey, Robertson, Scott,
Sprague, Stearns, Stockton, Thayer, Tipton, Trum-
bull. >111(1 Viekers—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott. Ames, Boreman, Casserly,
CragiD, Davis, Fen ton, Fowler. Hamilton of Mary-
bind, ilarlan. Harris, Hill, Johnston, McCreery,
McDonald, Miller, Morton, Pool, Pratt, Revels,
ltoss, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer, Thurman, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—28.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Erownlovv. Buckingham, Carpenter, Cattell, Ferry,
Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, 0.shorn, Patterson,
1'omoroy, Rice. Sauisbury, Schurz, Stewart, Sumner,
"Warner, and Yates—20.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following as a substitute for the pending
amendment:
That in a resolution giving the assent of the
United States to the construction of the Newport
and Cincinnati bridge, approved March 3, 186D,
the right was expressly reserved by Congress to
withdraw its assent in ease the free navigation of
said river shall at any time be substantially and
materially obstructed, or to direct the necessary
modifications and alterations; and it sufficiently
appearing that the Newport and Cincinnati Bridge
Company do contemplate a bridge that will so
obstruct the navigation of said river, and in pur-
suance of the right rest^rred, as aforesaid, it is here-
by declared that it shall bo unlawlul for the New-
port and Cincinnati Bridge Company, or any other
company or person, to proceed in the erection of
the bridge now being constructed on the Ohio river,
from the city of Cincinnati, Ohio, to the city of New-
port, Kentucky, unless the bridgo shall be so con-
structed, with or without a draw, that the channel
span shall leave under said span a clear headway,
at low water, of one hundred feet below the floor
beams suspended from the bottom posts : Provided,
That if said company shall not comply with the
provisions of this act within one year, or if said
company shall ever present a claim for damages, in
consequence of the modifications herein imposed,
then in either ease the assent of Congress given for
the construction of said bridge is hereby tully and
forever withdrawn.
I simply desire to say that I think it is im-
portant, while we give the relief that is asked
for in this case, that we do it in the precise
terms in which we have a right to do it. The
proposition which I l^ave offered recites the
authority for our present action, and it does
little more than that, and in the end it with-
draws the assent of Congress unless this com-
pany shall complete (lie bridge in accordance
with the conditions that we now impose ; and
it also gives a very strong hint that we do not
intend to pay any damages ; and I take it that
is the sense of the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, whenever the
proposition before the Senate has looked to.
settling the question of whether this alteration
should be made at the expense of the Gov-
ernment, I have voted to keep it before the
Senate; whenever it has assumed a form
■which seemed to evince a determination to keep
that question from the Senate, I have voted
to lily it upon the table.
The proposition of the Senator from Ver-
mont, which is offered as a substitute for that
of the Senator from Ohio, amounts to this:
the Judiciary Committee of this body has re-
ported that the company are authorized to build
a bridge seventy feet above low-water mark
under the main channel, and it has reported
that they are authorized to build a bridge with
a draw. The modification which the Senator
proposes requires them to raise the bridge where
it was but seventy feet to one hundred feet,
and then provides that if, having done so, they
ever present any claim to Congress for any
compensation, their whole franchise shall be
swept away; that is to say, that they may not
even come to Congress and make an appeal to
its sense of justice to remunerate them without
incurring a forfeiture of the whole expenditure
that has already been made in pursuance of
the act of Congress. There is no question that
this imposes additional burdens and additional
duties upon the company from that which they
were authorized to perform under the original
act. The Senator from Vermont himself
will not say that this is not the case ; and yet
he proposes, under this reserved power of
Congress, not only to require them to do more
than they were originally required to do, but
to impose the penalty of a forfeiture of all
their property and all their franchise if they
seek to ask Congress to reimburse them for
the expense.
I trust that this amendment at least will not
be adopted, and that after it shall have been
rejected, I shall have the privilege of again
bringing before the Senate, as I intend to do,
by an amendment which I sought the floor to
offer, the question of whether compensation
shall be made if this change is to be done
under the direction of an act of Congress.
Mr. COLE. Before we vote upon this ques-
tion, I hope we shall understand precisely what
we are doing. The proposition of the Sena-
tor from Vermont is in exact accordance, in
my judgment, with the joint resolution author-
izing the construction of this bridge. In that
joint resolution, passed two years ago, there
was an express provision that this bridge com-
pany should not impair or impede or interfere
with the navigation of the Ohio river. The
exact language I do not remember, but I read
it here to-day. Now, sir, they propose to do
what? To interfere with the free navigation
of that river, and they say they will do it, unless
Congress comes forward and binds itself to
pay them a few dollars short of $289,000.
That is the proposition. There is no getting
around it.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Cali-
fornia allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. COLE. Any question.
Mr. SCOTT. Was it not the intention of
Congress at the time they passed the act that
the bridge should be built in the manner in
which that act authorized it to be built, even
if it to that extent did obstruct navigation?
Mr. COLE. I find in the closing part of
the resolution under which they build their
bridge a distinct provision that they are not
to interfere with the navigation of that river.
That is very distinct. Now, you say they
will interfere if they build the bridge in the
manner in which they are proposing to build
ir, and Congress is asked now to render the
Government liable to pay $288,695 in order to
induce that company not to obstruct the navi-
gation of the river. Why should not the prop-
osition of the Senator from Vermont be adopted
holding them to the terms under which they
undertook originally to build the bridae ? Why
should we not cut them off from coming back
upon the Government for this large amount of
$288,695 which they are now endeavoring to
extort from the Government, which they are
now endeavoring to force out of the Govern-
ment as a condition for their complying with
what they should do without any compensa-
tion ? They demand that amount for doing
what the resolution authorizing them to build
this bridge required them to do. I ask my
friend from Ohio if he does not expect the
Government to pay this $288,695?
Mr. SHERMAN. My lriend has cautioned
us against speaking; and 1 promised in renew-
ing this amendment that I would not speak
upon it, and therefore I hope my friend will
not question me on a matter of this kind. He
i3 rather violating, it seems to me, his own
caution.
_ Mr. COLE. The Senator from Pennsylva-
nia this afternoon presented an amendment to
this effect, and 1 am sure the Senator from Ohio
was so equivocal in his remarks as to lead us
to conclude that it would be a just demand upon
the Government to that extent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let me ask
the Senator from California a question. Does
he not believe that the friends of this bridge,
unless they can leave the question open, will
consent to lay this subject on the table, and, if
so, if that is not conclusive proof that the sole
object of this company is to get this $288,695
out of Congress?
Mr. COLE. Certainly, if they will not
accept the proposition of the Senator from
Vermont, it will be conclusive proof that they
design just that thing, to get that amount of
money from the Treasury.
Mr. CORBBTT. Asthis matter was before
the Committee on Commerce and argued be-
fore that committee, I desire to explain very
briefly my reason for voting against this amend-
ment at this titne. I understand the joint res-
olution under which this company are con-
structing this bridge left it to their option to
build a bridge of continuous span ninety feet
above low-water mark or a bridge of seventy
feet with a draw. They took the responsi-
bility, at their own peril, to build a bridge
with a draw with one unbroken span of four
hundred feet. I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to the language of the resolution
of March 3, 1869, under which this bridge is
being constructed. It provides :
"That said bridge is built with an unbroken or
continuous spaa "—
It does not say spans—
"of not less than four hundred feet in the clear,
from pier to pier, over the main channel of the
river, and is built, in all other respects, in accord-
ance with the conditions and limitations of an act
entitled * Ail act to establish certain post roads/
approved July 14, 1862; that said bridge, when
completed"—
Not before completion, but "when com-
pleted"—
" in the manner specified in this resolution, shall
be deemed and taken to be a legal structure, and
shall be a post road for the transmission of the mails
of the United States; but Congress reserves the
right to withdraw the assent hereby given in case
the free navigation of said river shall at any time
be_substantially and mateiially obstructed by any
bridge to be erected under the authoi ity of this res-
olution, or to direct the necessary modifications and
alterations of said bridge."
I believe that Congress has the right, when-
ever the bridge is completed, and it shall be
shown after its completion that it is an obstruc-
tion to the navigation of the river, to require
a modification or an alteration of the bridge
without expense to the Government; but if we
compel the company to make this alteration
before they have completed the bridge, before
it is shown that it is a substantial obstruction
to the navigation of the river, they may call
upon Congress to pay the expense of that alter-
ation. If we allow them to go on and com-
plete the bridge, and it is then proved to be an
obstruction, they can have no claim for any
compensation whatever. They contend that it
will only be an obstruction for three or four
days during the whole year, and that they have
projected a draw for that short time, So that it
will not even be an obstruction then. They
claim that the draw will be sufficient to accom-
modate the commerce of the river during those
few days that the river is so high.
Therefore, I determined in my own mind that
according to law, if they went on and completed
this bridge now, they do it at their own peril.
They build_ the bridge according to their best
judgment, in the manner they may see fit, and
if they do not build it in such manner as not to
obstruct the commerce of that river, we can
compel them to change that bridge and to raise
it after it is completed; but I do not believe
that we have the power now to compel them
to change it unless we do so at our peril. That
is giving them perhaps a right in equity to come
before Congress and claim that the expense of
this alteration shall be paid by the Government
of the United States. For this reason I feel
constrained to vote against any change of this
law until the bridge is completed and shown to
be an obstruction to navigation and it is proved
that the draw will not accommodate the com-
merce for the few days that the river is thus
Air. CAMERON. Mr. President, I did not
intend originally to say aword on this subject ;
but I feel bound now to do so, and it is on a
very different portion of the subject from that
which has been touched by any other Senator.
In the first place, I object to this amendment
to the bill now before us, because it will inter-
fere with all our legislation. I am anxious to
get through with the appropriation bills, so
that I can secure the passage of some few local
bills in which my constituents are very much
