1134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
consist in its deductions from these premises,
■which are erroneous, and that it will only cost
$20,000 to publish this document. Now,
unless some Senator can point out to me some
clause in the Constitution that authorizes me
to vote a dollar of money to publish any report
whatever on this subject, I certainly shall not
vote to pay $20,000 to publish this volume,
which is so full of errors that no man can tell
what is true and what is false in it, as it is
advertised by its champion. Certainly the
volume should not go forth after this announce-
ment without some mark placed on each par-
agraph saying whether this is one that is true
or one that is false. Otherwise, the people
will be deluded by it from beginning to end.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to correct the state-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin. The cost
will be $10,000, not $20,000.
Mr. YV1LSON. I am sorry that we are taking
up our time in debating this matter on this
report. There cannot be any question, in re-
gard to the report, that while there may be
some errors in it, those errors spring from the
crude condition of the educational system in
many of the States. I take it that, instead of
being an overstatement of the common-school
system of the States and of the country, it is
altogether an underestimate of its inefficiency
and its falling short of what it ought to be.
T here cannot be a doubt of that in regard to
Delaware and every other State in the Union,
my owtj included, measured by the proper
standard. There is no State in the Union that
has an educational system which begins to be
what the interests of education require. I
remember, when Horace Mann took the lead
more than thirty years ago in Massachusetts,
and exposed the school system of the Stale,
the people were amazed. They denied, they
protested, they declared,in the Legislature that
what he said was not true. They undertook
10 overturn his statements, and even to over-
turn the school system; but they failed alto-
gether. The event proved that instead of
overestimating the evils of the system they
lmd been altogether underestimated, and fur-
ther investigation proved his allegations to be
even short of the truth.
Now, this debate in regard to this motion
to strike out so much of this report as relates
to Delaware will simply call attention to the
fact of the condition of the school system in
Delaware, and when the truth fully comes out
it will be proved to be a great deal poorer
system than is stated in the book. I think it
will be found to be an excellent thing that
the Senator from Delaware has called atten-
tion to it. I think the result will be that we
shall have the facts in regard to it brought
out, and they will prove that Delaware in her
system is altogether behiud what even this
report represents it to be.
It is so in regard to nearly every other State
in the Union. This is only an approximation
to the truth. When the system is thoroughly
investigated in Delaware, in Massachusetts, and
in every other State, it will be found that the
school system of the country does not come
up to the boast we have made about it; that
we have got a great deal more labor to bestow
upon the system, a great deal more money to
spend, a great deal more to do before this gen-
eration establishes a system that will give a
proper education to the people of the country
ol all classes, all conditions, and all races.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I rise prin-
cipally to say amen to what has just fallen
from the lips of the Senator from Massachu-
setts. This is a curious debate on a curious
question. The proposition is to print a report
from one of the bureaus of this Government.
The bureau is established by law. The law
requires it to make a report; it has made one,
and there are two objections to printing it.
One is founded upon the allegation of a Sen-
ator mb the floor that there is a mistake, or
a misrepresentation, or a misstatement, or
lather that it contains the expression of an
opinion somewhere on one of its pages wl^ich
is not correct. Another is, that we have no
authority in the Constitution to publish any
such document as this aud pay the expense
of it.
Mr. President, if the fact that a mistake is
alleged in a governmental report is to be ac-
cepted as a conclusive reason for- not publish-
ing the report, I think it will lessen the ex-
penses of the public printing very much. ]f,
on the other hand, it is said that only the fact
of a mistake, not the mere allegation of it,
should be accepted as a reason for not print-
ing it, then so often as any Senator or anybody
else sees fit to question the accuracy of a state-
ment contained in any one of your reports,
whether from the Interior, the Treasury, the
War, the Navy, or any other Department of
the Government, you must take some meas-
ures to verify or falsify that statement. I do
not know how it can be done. You cannot
stop very well and try the question. I do not
know of any form of trying it unless you make
up a feigned issue and send it down to a jury
somewhere to be tried.
Mr. President, I do not understand it to be
the purpose of this publication to glorify the
educational system in any one of the States.
I understand it to be the purpose of this docu-
ment to obtain and to disseminate the best in-
formation this department can obtain as to the
existing state of education in the different por
tions of the country; and I believe the Senator
from Massachusetts has just spoken the truth
when he has declared that a true exhibition of
the state of education made will show that it
does not begin to be what it ought to be, does
not begin to be what it must be, or republican
institutions must fail in this country as they
have failed elsewhere, is not such in any por-
tion of the United States. Another fact will
unquestionably be demonstrated, that the sys-
tem is much better in some portions of the
country than in others.
Now, the particular objection taken by my
friend the Senator from Delaware is that a
mistaken picture is exhibited of the state of
education in that State which he so ably rep-
resents. I do not know whether it is mistaken
or not. I am willing to accept, 1 would be glad
to believe, that his own opinion of it is entirely
correct, and that this report is utterly wrong.
Nevertheless, if that were so, is that a reason
either for refusing the printing of the report
or for excluding that passage from it? If you
strike that page out of the report it is not the
report of the Commissioner of Education. If
it goes to the world with that statement in,
suppose it be incorrect, what harm will it do
Delaware?
I have opened the report here at a statement
taken from the report of the superintendent
of schools in the State of Wisconsin. There
is a very eloquent passage in it from a super-
intendent now, unhappily for our State, de-
ceased, denouncing the condition of education,
the state of ignorance, the state of illiteracy
which he finds in that State of Wisconsin; and
I think, as compared with the other States of
this Republic, the schools of Wisconsin stand
very well. But I say there is an eloquent pas-
sage denouncing the state of education there.
I do not regret this exhibition. Whatever
defects there are in the schools of Wisconsin,
I am glad to have pointed out, not only to the
people of Wisconsin, but to the people of the
world. I want light poured upon that condi-
tion. In that way alone are they to be ani-
mated and inspired to come up to the mark of
the duty which rests upon all free people.
One word more. My colleague asks where
in the Constitution we find the authority for
spending $20,000 or $10,000 to print a report
of this kind. I ask my colleague where do we
find in the Constitution the authority for spend-
ing $500,000 to disseminate the Congressional
Globe through the country ; for spending the
money we annually spend on printing the report
from the Patent Bureau or the Agricultural
Bureau ? Where do we find in the Constitution
the authority to spend from sixty to one
hundred and twenty thousand dollars in the
purchase of seeds to distribute, among the
people of the country?
Mr. CARPENTER. There is no such
authority for the seeds.
Mr. HOWE. My colleague says there is no
such authority as to the seeds, but there is as to
the other. 1 hardly think it is worth while to
slop on the constitutional objection now to
refuse this appropriation of $10,000, because
if we are to take that view of the duty of this
Government, then we have got to drop off a
great many expenditures, and we had better
take up the whole subject.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 wish to say but one word,
because I desire a vote on this question. The
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] has
intimated that I have given out to the country
that this report is full of error; indeed, I believe
he intimated that 1 thought it was all error. I
did not do any such thing; neither did I intend
to do so. The errors in it are slight blemishes
on an otherwise very valuable work, and those
errors have occurred not in consequence of
any want of performance of duty on the part
of the Commissioner, but in consequence of
the condition of the educational authorities
in the various States of the Union. It is for
the purpose of calling attention to these tables *
and having them corrected, having the report
more accurate, that it is so desirable to publish
the report this year. But I cannot concede
for a moment that we are going to hold this
report back until all the errors in it can be
examined minutely and corrected. We should
never do anything here if we did that. I had
occasion this very morning to examine a table
which was submitted by one of the heads of
Departments, in which there were twenty col-
umns of figures, and it reminded tne of the
necessity for a reform of some sort in the civil
service, and there was not a single sum total
that was given there which was not an error.
Should we therefore refuse to legislate upon
the estimates which were submitted because,
forsooth, a clerk had made trivial errors in his
calculations? Sir, this report is a valuable
report. Its errors are but slight defects in an
otherwise excellent report of the head of one
of the Departments of this Government, and
it is too late now to talk about the power of
the Government in this regard. I hope that
the motion of the Senator from Delaware—
although were it a personal favor that I could
grant to him I would grant it to him as soon
as to any other man on this floor—will not be
adopted; for if we begin there, we must go
on and have the whole work overhauled and
1°6C 8st
Mr. STEWART. I wish to say one word,
and I should not have said anything but for the
remarks of the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Carpenter.] I regard it as one of the most
important duties of the Government of the
United States to see to it that our institutions
are not destroyed by the want of general educa-
tion among the people. 1 was in favor of the
bill inaugurating this Bureau of Education
when that bill passed. The constitutional ob-
jections were then made and disposed of. The
question comes up now in an incidental manner
on the printing of the report. Now, we have
not given the Commissioner, and I have not
examined his work particularly, any extensive
machinery. We have merely given him a clerk
or two, without any power to investigate the
systems in the various States. He has called
upon the States for information, and he ha3
given us the best information that he can get.
If it be inaccurate, if their systems of educa-
tion are disparaged, the widespread publica-
tion of this repoit will have a beneficial effect,
1 hope, in calling the attention of the officials
of the States to their duty. Let them blush,
not the Senate. Let those who choose to give
this information blush for the report. 1 believe
that it will do a great deal of good to collect
