1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1747
interested, and I suppose this is the case with
oilier gentlemen here. In addition to that, I
have some views in regard to water navigation
and railroads a little different from those of
gentlemen who have not studied the subject so
well as I think I have.
it ought to be remembered, and especially
by gentlemen living on the Ohio river, that
by increasing the height of bridges crossing it
they put obstructions to trade and travel and
add to the cost of transportation upon rail-
roads. The railroads, now in their infancy,
are going to control the whole carrying trade
of this country.
Gentlemen speak of the immense number
of bushels of coal that go down the Ohio river,
and they tell us of seventy-five million bushels
going down that river in a year and speak of
it as an enormous quantity. Why, sir, ab
twenty-five bushels to the ton, that quantity is
but three million tons. Tlie railroads and
canals in the Schuylkill and Lehigh valleys,
and other parts of Pennsylvania, carry twenty-
seven million tons a year to market, and the
trade is only in its infancy. You have not
reflected, 1 think, upon the importance of low
grades for railroads. There has been a rail-
road made in Pennsylvania on which one en-
gine carries one hundred and fifty cars, each
car loaded with two and a half tons of freight,
without any difficulty, while on the other side
of the ridge, where there are the old high
grades, an engine of the same power carries
but. thirty cars of the same number of tons,
and these trains travel at the rate of ten miles
an hour, day and night.
1 mention this fact to show that the import-
ance of railroads is only beginning to be appre-
ciated. When I first knew of railroads the
law allowed them from four to six cents a ton
per mile on all the freight they carried on the
cars. Now, upon railroads in Pennsylvania,
of which I know, one half or three quarters
of a cent a ton per mile gives an ample profit.
Thus they are going on improving all the time;
and with steel rails and improved machinery
prices will be more reduced, and every river
whose hills are lined with minerals will have
railroads on their shores.
Then, why should Congress now legislate
against railroads, as between them and the
navigation of rivers, whose usefulness depends
so much on floods? If you do it you will in a
few years have to go back and alter the legis-
lation you are making now. I think it would
be a great deal wiser for us and much better
for the country if we were to let this question
alone for a year or two longer.
It is said that these immense flotillas of coal
going down from Pittsburg will be stopped by
this bridge. How will they be stopped? Once,
perhaps, a year or more by a very high flood;
probably only once in eight or ten years the
water will be high enough to obstruct boats
laden with coal wishing to pass under this
bridge.
But, sir, we are too apt to look back when
we ought to look forward. It is the business
of wise men, especially of statesmen here, hon-
oied as we are, to look to thefuture and to care
for the future interests of this country, which
are committed to us, and which are so con-
stantly changing. How would the Senator
from Ohio feel it he came back here five years
after this and asked to have the grades of this
bridge reduced, as he will be doing in all prob-
ability if we increase them now, because every
foot you put upon the grades of the bridge
adds so much to the cost of transportation
over it ? And who does not know that this
bridge in five years will carry across it more
tons of freight and more thousands of passen-
gers than now go down the river under the
bridge past the city of Cincinnati? it requires
no foresight to see that. It will come; and
every foot you raise the height of the bridge
you add dollars to the cost of transportation
over it.
Why, therefore, should we now interfere
with ordinary legislation, the necessary legis-
lation of the country, to make these experi-
ments, only to gratify some of our constitu-
ents? My people are as anxious about this
question of the bridge as the people whom
the Senator from Ohio end the Senator from
Indiana represent; but I have had so much to
do with railroads that I look, perhaps, a little
closer into such questions than other gentle-
men. I have no more interest in it. than
others; but I have as great interest in it as
others have, and thatgreatinterestisthe pros-
perity of the country; for every ton of coal
that you dig out of the hills in my State adds
a certain number of dollars to the wealth of
that State which I represent. I trust we shall
lay this whole subject on the table, and I make
that motion.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator with-
draw that for a moment?
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit whether the
motion can be renewed every moment.
Mr. CAMERON. I will withdraw it to hear
my friend from Nevada.
Mr. SHERMAN. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to make a motion to lay on the table?
Mr. NYE. No; he has withdrawn it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Who has the floor ?
Mr. CAMERON. I will withdraw the
motion for any gentleman who will renew it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not exactly fair.
The Senator makes a speech against the
amendment, and then moves to lay it on the
table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania withdraw his mo-
tion ?
Mr. CAMERON. On that condition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to any condition.
Mr. CAMERON. Well, I will make no
condition ; I will give way to the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
from Maryland.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senatorfrom Nevada,
the Senator from Maryland, and myself sought
the floor. I rose the first of the three, and
addressed the Chair directly. The Senator
from Pennsylvania then said that he yielded to
the Senatorfrom Nevada. Now I think I have
a right to the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
endeavors to give the floor to the Seuator who
rises first; but so many gentlemen rise at once
now that the Chair is obliged to discriminate.
The Senator from Maryland has been trying to
get the floor for some time, and the Chair now
awards it to him.
Mr. VICKERS. It is not my purpose
to detain the Senate at this late hour ; but I
think there is a distinction which should have
an influence on the mind of the Senate that
ha>5 not been presented to its consideration.
In 1862 Congress authorized bridges to be
built upon the Ohio river above the mouth of
the Big Sandy river, bridges with continuous
span, ninety feet above low water, and if they
were draw-bridges, to be seventy feet above
low water. The Big Sandy is perhaps one
hundred and fifty or two hundred miles above
Cincinnati.
In 1889 Congress authorized a bridge to be
built at Cincinnati, perhaps two hundred miles
below the mouth of the Big Sandy, to be built
in the same manner as bridges were to be built
above the mouth of the Big Sandy.
Now, the water rises much higher at Cin-
cinnati than it does in the upper portion of
the river; but Congress seem to have over-
looked that fact. They did not advert to the
fact that it required a higher bridge above low
water at Cincinnati than it did above the mouth
of the Big Sandy, and they authorized this
bridge to be built just as they had authorized
bridges to be built above the mouth of the Big
Sandy.
Mr. SHERMAN. Except that we required
it to be raised to one hundred feet instead of
ninety. The Cincinnati and Newport Bridge
Company was required to raise this bridge
with continuous span to one hundred feet
above low-water mark.
Mr. VICKERS. That was a continuousspan
bridge. A continuous span bridge was ninety
feet above low water above the Big Sandy and
one hundred feet if built at Cincinnati. This
company bad the choice of building a continu-
ous span bridge or a draw-bridge. There was
a difference of opinion in the Committee on
Commerce as to the power of the company,
and it was therefore referred to the legal com-
mittee of this body, the Judiciary Committee,
to settle that question of law; and the Judi-
ciary Committee have reported to the Senate
in this wise:
_ "It is the opinion of your committee that, under
its charters and this legislation ot Congress, t he bridge
company has the option to build a bridge of contin-
uous spans or a draw-bridge, but subject to the right
of Congress to withdraw its assen t or to require modi-
fications or alterations ot the bridge.
t *' If it build a bridge of continuous spans it must
not be of less elevation than ninetv feet above low-
water mark over thechannel ot said(theOh.o) river,
nor in any ease less than forty feet above extreme
high water as understood at the point of location,
measuring for such elevation to the bottom chord of
the bridge.'
" If it build a draw- bridge the altitude aborelow-
watermark as aforesaid must not be less than seventy
feet, and need not be more."
Here is a bridge in process of construction
upon which $1,000,000 has been expended in
strict conformity to this act of Congress, and
the proposition now is to compel this company
to build a bridge thirty feet higher above low-
water mark at.au immense expense, the com-
pany say of $900,000, but the engineers of the
United States say at an expense of $288,000.
I do not wish that Congress shall do any
injustice to the bridge company, nor should it
do any injustice to itself. It is said that this
draw bridge will be some obstruction to the
navigation of the Ohio. Well, sir, when Con-
gress passed this bill authorizing a draw bridge
of seventy feet high, it virtually said that a
bridge builtaccording to these directions would
not be an obstruction to the navigation of the
river. It was the opinion of Congress that it
would not be an obstruction, and they abso-
lutely specified the manner in which the bridge
.should be built, the manner in which the piers
should be erected. All this was done by specific
regulation of Congress. Now, when the com-
pany is following this specific regulation, it is
said that the bridge will be an obstruction to
commerce.
The distinction is this: if this company
had been authorized to build a bridge not
obstructing commerce, and they had, of their
own option, selected a seventy feet draw-
bridge, and it proved an obstruction, theu
Congress would have a right to remove it,
because it would be an exercise of their dis-
cretion and of their own judgment how this
bridge was constructed. But Congress here
prescribed the mode; it prescribed the man-
ner of the construction of this bridge, the
height of the bridge; and the piers of the
bridge were constructed according to the direc-
tion of Congress. And now if, in doing that
which Congress thought would not. be an
obstruction and which these people thought
would not be one, it turns out to be an obstruc-
tion, it is said that these people must remove it
at their own expense. Sir, that is unjust. I
would be willing to vote with the Senator from
Ohio that this bridge shall be altered and
made a continuous span bridge of one hun-
dred feet above low water, and then only on
the condition that the company should be
compensated for the expense of making this
change in the bridge.
It is alleged by the company that if the
bridge is raised thirty feet higher they will
have to purchase additional land on the river;
that it will be necessary to purchase different
