174B
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
lots of land; that if they raise it thirty feet it
will obstruct the streets of Newport and Cin-
cinnati, and it will therefore be necessary for
them to purchase property at a very heavy
expense in order to make it a continuous span
bridge of one hundred feet high.
Now, sir, is not the good faith of Congress
pledged to these people? When it passed this
law, Congress, though it reserved the right to
repeal or modify the law, held out an induce-
ment to these people to expend their money in
the construction of this bridge. If Congress
had chartered this company itself it would
have been a contract between Congress and the
company, for an act of incorporation is in the
nature of a contract between the party who
grants the charter and those who receive it.
But this company was chartered by the States
of Kentucky and Ohio. To this company,
incorporated by these two States, the act of
Congress says, " If you will build this bridge
according to the mode which we prescribe, it
Shall be a legal bridge," and the act of Con-
gress says it shall be " a lawful structure and
it shall be a post route."
Congress says, " If you build this bridge and
complete it according to the specifications
which we have set down in our act, it shall be
a lawful bridge;" and now, before the bridge is
completed, Congress says, "By following our
directions, by pursuing the very plan which we
have prescribed for you to pursue, this is an
unlawful bridge; we will remove it." Why,
sir, that is unjust._ I could not vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont,
because I consider the good faith of Congress
pledged to this company, that if they require
them to change the bridge after they have ex-
pended $l,000,000in its construction or partial
construction Congress shall compensate them
for it.
The great mistake was that in the act of
Congress of 1869 Congress did not advert to
the fact that the water rose higher at Cincin-
nati than it did up above the mouth of the Big
Sandy river on the Ohio; and not adverting to
that fact they passed this law and said, '* If
you build this bridge seventy feet above low
water with a draw and one span of four hun-
dred feet, it shall be a lawful bridge and a
postal route." They have complied literally
with this act of Congress, and after this com-
pliance is it competent, is it fair, is it just for
Congress to say, "All you have done is ille-
gal ; you obstruct the navigation of the Ohio? "
Their answer is, "We have followed your
directions, and following your directions it is
not right that we should suffer. It was your
opinion that it would be lawful for us to do
this ; it was our opinion that it would not be
an obstruction; your opinion and ours con-
curred;" and now, if Congress changes its
opinion and says that the navigation will be
impeded, it is but just and fair and honor-
able to compensate them for the expense of
making this alteration.
Several Sjsxatobs. Let us vote.
Mr. COLE. If we can have a vote, I will
not say anything.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I have only a
word to say on this subject, and I hope there
will be no spasm because I rise to say a word.
It seems to me that the fact that this bridge
was authorized to be built with a draw settles
the question that all persons on that river were
bound to take notice that by the construction
of this draw-bridge it was not to be elevated
anywhere to the extent that it is now claimed
it should be ; and, if I understand the question
correctly, the Judiciary Committee have found,
and which I shall take as a judicial guide, that
the company had a right to construct this bridge
with a draw.
Now, Mr. President, if it was to be raised
high enough to make in high water there a
clear passage for these steamers, that authority
was not necessary, and should not have been
given; but, acting upon that ground, the rail-
road company have gone on and made a large
expenditure, and it is now sought, as I under-
stand by the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Vermont, to forbid them from
coming to the Government for any expense
by reason of this change. Now, sir, it is not a
new rule with this Government that they order
changes made in constructions that they order
built themselves; but the rule is as broad as
the exception that if they do they are to pay
the damage that the person sustains in conse-
quence thereof.
If the honorable Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Chandler] was in his seat I should not
dare to speak on the question, as I have not
his permission; but as this refers to a river, I
hope I may be allowed to say a word. When
the Hudson river was bridged there arose a
great question whether navigable streams could
be bridged at all; and in that case the Supreme
Court held that they could be; that com-
merce—if I may be pardoned the use of the
word—was not always in the direction rivers
ran, but that by artificial modes of transporta-
tion commerce crossed rivers as well as went
down them.
Now, what I suppose is the right view is
that the commerce of the rivers and the com-
merce upon the railroads shall be mutually
accommodated, with mutual advantage to each
other. If I live in Cincinnati, where the water
rises seventy feet, I am not necessarily to pro-
hibit a railroad from crossing which takes
nearly as great an amount of commerce across
the river as comes down it. But here is a
span of four hundred feet, and the honorable
Senator from Ohio says that that is not wide
enough for these coal barges.
"Mr. SHERMAN. No; the span is -wide
enough.
Mr. NYE. There never was a tow on the
Ohio river four hundred feet wide.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say there is no ques-
tion raised about the width of the span ; the
question is as to the height of the bridge.
Mr. NYE. I understood some Senator, per-
haps the Senator from Indiana, in the course
of the afternoon, to say that with these im-
mense coal barges there was not room enough
to go through this draw. Now, suppose for an
instant this railroad has to stop for three or
four days during the high water.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to correct him there ? I have heard very much
about those three or four days of high water.
This bridge will prevent a steamboat from
passing under it for more than one third of
the year, and here is the proof in the report
of your engineers.
Sir, SHERMAN". Ninety-odd days.
Mr. THURMAN. For over ninety days
not a single steamboat can pass under that
bridge. It is only seventy feet high.
Mr. NYE. Grant that; is there not room
enough in a draw of four hundred feet?
Mr. THURMAN. It is not the draw; it is
the want of height that the trouble is about.
Mr. SHERMAN. The draw is on one side
of the river only one hundred feet wide.
Mr. THURMAN. And is only in the shal-
lowest part of the river, and over a sand-bar
that at low water is as dry as this floor.
Mr. NYE. If that is so, it is evidently not
built in accordance with the law. Now, I
have another idea to suggest to the honorable
Senator from Ohio who has this matter at
heart. He has stood by and seen this railroad
company spend a million dollars in construct-
ing this bridge.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to correct him there?
Mr. NYE. I did not mean you, but your
colleague.
Air. THURMAN. As long as this bridge
company was composed of citizens of Cincin-
nati and Newport, before the stock was pur-
chased up by a railroad in another State, no
man ever dreamed of building the bridge less
than one hundred feet high; not one of its
stockholders dreamed of any such thing. This
company got the bridge 
'Mr. NYE. Who has the floor?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada.
Mr. THURMAN. Allow_ me just one word
to answer your question. It is only very lately
that the idea was started of stopping at seventy
feet. When they commenced their piers every-
body supposed they were going to build up to
one hundred feet high until very lately, when
they announced that they would not build it
any more than seventy feet high unless stock
was subscribed to make up the difference, and
now they say they will not do it unless Con-
gress makes up the difference. That is the
grab that is in this business.
Mr. NYE. I do not know anything about
the grabs of Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. It is not an Ohio grab.
Mr. NYE. I supposed there were no grabs
in that State.
Mr. THURMAN. Foreigners come in there
and grab.
Mr. NYE. Yes, foreigners; I suppose the
railroad company is a foreigner. They happen
to live on a navigable stream, and therefore
everybody else must pay obeisance to them.
Now, I say a spirit of mutual accommodation
should be exhibited. Everybody knows that
elevating a bridge there one hundred feet above
low-water mark will, for all practical purposes
of railroading, destroy its use.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a bridge right
along side of it, within two hundred feet of this
very bridge, that is one hundred and three feet
above low-water mark, built by our citizens.
Mr. NYE. I do not propose to be quite as
narrow in my views as the honorable Senators
from Ohio, both of them, have been about our
ocean commerce. Neither am I disposed to
characterize this as afraud, or anything of the
kind ; but the fact is apparent that this com-
pany have been allowed to go on and expend
$1,000,000 without anybody raising an objec-
tion in Cincinnati or elsewhere. And now
I submit that it would be most ungenerous
in Congress to order a reconstruction of that
bridge, a rebuilding of it, without remunerat-
ing them for the damage they have sustained
in consequence of this change. That is all I
desire to say.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to make a
speech, for I want to vote ; but I say, in an-
swer to what has just been said, that the very
moment this bridge company announced its
intention to stop its piers at the height of sev-
enty feet, that moment remonstance was heard,
not from Cincinnati alone, but from Pittsburg
and all along the river ; and here is evidence
of it in abundance.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes.
Mr. NYE. Why was there a provision in
the act for a draw? Why were they author-
ized to build it with a draw?
Mr. THURMAN. I have no doubt that this
is the fact about that, alluded to by the Sena-
tor from Maryland, [Mr. Vickers :] the act cf
1862, when nobody dreamed of a bridge being
built at Cincinnati, providing for bridges above
the Big Sandy, where the Ohio river is not more
than half as large as it is at Cincinnati, con-
tained a provision for a draw-bridge or abridge
of continuous span, as the company might
select, and provided that if the bridge were a
draw-bridge then its elevation need only be
seventy feet above low-water mark. Now, by
a mere inadvertence in passing this license in
1869, allowing this bridge to be built at Cincin-
nati, reference is made to the act of 1862, a
thing that Congress never understood at all, I
imagine. So they say they are enabled to take
advantage of that law" of 1862, and either build
a draw-bridge or abridge of continuous span.
Mr. NYE. Who is to blame?
