1136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Maryland objects, and it cannot be called up
now, as the pension bills are regularly before
the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on the regular
order.
Mr. RAMSEY. I appeal again to the Sen-
ate to allow this matter to be disposed of. I
offered a resolution a few days ago to have an
evening session for this purpose, and one
objection does not carry it over. I call up the
resolution, and ask for a vote upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would be
very true if it were called up in the morning
hour; but the clock'indicates to the Senator
from Minnesota, as well as to the Chair, that
the time in w.hich the resolution could prop-
erly be called up has passed, the morning hour
having been consumed in debate. The Sen-
ator from Vermont will now indicate the first
bill that he desires to call up.
pension bills.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed with the Senate pension bills in the order
in which the Secretary has them on his table,
without any motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Chair will regard the motion of
the Senator from Vermont as agreed to, and
the pension bills will be taken up iu their
order.
eliza shelton and others.
The Chief Clerk. The first pension bill on
the Calendar is the bill (S. No. 40) granting
pensions to Eiiza Shelton, Nancy Shelton,
Cerena Metcalf, Nancy King, Patsey J. Shel-
ton, Sarah Metcalf, Cloa Shelton, and Mary
Franklin, and their children under the age of
sixteen years.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That bill was reported
adversely by the Committee on Pensions. We
need not trouble ourselves about those. Let
them be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator desire the bill to be indefinitely postponed
and taken off the Calendar?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
indefinitely postponed if there be no objection.
31aiiy louise gake8che.
The next pension bill on the Calendar was
the bill (S. No. 018) increasing the pension
of Wary Louise Garesch6, widow of Colonel
Mr. EDMUNDS. That bill_ is reported-
adversely; and I move its indefinite postpone-
ment.
The motion was agreed to.
olive coombs.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 851)
granting a pension to Olive Coombs. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-roll the name of Olive Coombs, step-
mother of Isaac G. Shepherd, late a private
in company B, second regiment Maine volun-
teer inlantry, and pay her a pension at the
rate of eight dollars per month, commencing
Febi uary 24, 1862.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment to strike out the
words " February 24, 1862," and insert "fiom
the passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
elizabeth a. spurgeon.
The bill (S. No. 904) granting a pension
to Elizabeth A. Spurgeon, was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary
«f the Interior to place the name of Eliza-
beth A. Spurgeon, widow of Samuel A. Spur-
geon, late a sergeant in company D, fourth
regiment United States volunteers, ups.ti the
pension-rolls, and to pay her a pension at
the rate of eight dollars per month from the
4th of March, 1870.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That bill, in conformity
to the standing practice now, ought to be
amended by striking ont the words " from the
4th day of March, 3$70," and inserting the
words " from and after the passage of this
act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was conourred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
jacob b. cuyle.
The bill (S. No. 992) granting a pension to
Jacob B. Cuyle was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Interior is directed by
the bill to place the name of Jacob B. Cuyle,
late a private in company B of the first regi-
ment of New York cavalry, upon the pension-
rolls, and pay him a pension at the rate of
fifteen dollars per month from the 21st of
December, 1867.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That bill ought also to
be amended by striking out the words " from
the 21st day of December, 1867," and insert-
ing " from and after the passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
leann cox.
The bill (S. No. 923) granting a pension to
Leann Cox was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Leann Cox, mother of George
C. Cox, late a private in company M, of the
second regiment of California cavalry, upon
the pension-rolls, and to pay her a pension at
the rate of eight dollars per month from the
date of the passage of this act.
Mr. ED51UNDS. I see there is a clerical
omission in this bill in drawing it up by the
Clerk. It should read that the Secretary of
the Interior is authorized and directed to place
the name of this lady on the pension-rolls
" subject to the conditions and limitations of
the pension laws." I move that those words
be iuserted after the word "rolls," in line
seven.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
tinsley, van horn and company.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the Senate to take up
and consider the bill (H. R. No. 198) for the
relief of Tinsley, Van Horn & Co., Glenn,
Overall & Clark, and J. N. Henderson &
Co., of Louisiana, Missouri. The bill pro-
poses to relieve them from the payment of
taxes assessed against them upon property
which was burned. The bill has passed the
House of Representatives and been reported
favorably by the Committee on Finance in
the Senate. I see that the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Fenton',] the member of
the Finance Committee who reported the bill,
is in his seat.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am obliged to insist on
the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont insists on the regular order. By
the unanimous order of the Senate, this day
was assigned for the consideration of reports
of three committees, but it is of course sub-
ject to unanimous consent for other proposi-
tions. Perhaps at a later period of the day
the Senator from Missouri may obtain consent
to act on the bill to which he refers from the
other gentlemen who have charge of business
during the day.
hiram r. kiiea.
The bill (S. No. 936) granting a pension to
Hiram R. Rhea was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place upon the pension-rolls, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Hiram R. Rhea, a private
in company G of the third regiment of North
Carolina mounted infantry, and to pay him a
pension at the rate of eight dollars per month
from the date of the passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
nancy s. ledford.
The bill (S. No. 974) for the relief of Nancy
S. Ledford was read a second time, and con-
sidered as iu Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Nancy S. Ledford, widow of Christopher
M. Ledford, late a private in company F, sec-
ond North Carolina mounted infantry, at the*
rate of eight dollars per month, commencing
from the passage of the act, with such further
allowance as is provided by law for her chil-
dren under sixteen years of age; and in the
event of the death or remarriage of the widow,
the pension is to continue to her children
under sixteen years of age until they severally
attain that age.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
julia traynor.
The bill (S. No. 1005) granting a pension to
Julia Traynor was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-rolls, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Julia Traynor, widow of Lawrence Traynor,
who died of wounds received in fighting In-
dians, under the command of General George
Crook, at Infernal Caverns, Oregon, in 1867,
the pension to be at the rate of eight dollars
per month from the date of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
mary b. collins.
The bill (S. No. 1087) granting a pension to
Mary B. Collins was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Mary B.
Collins, widow of Charles O. Collins, late cap-
tain of the fourth regiment United States artil-
lery, upon the pension-rolls of the United
States at the rate of twenty dollars per month,
commencing from the 17th day of August. 1846.
The Committee on Pensions reported an
amendment to the bill, in lines eight and nine,
to strike out the words "17th day of August,
1846," and to insert " passage of this act."
The amendment wa3 agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
roxalana w. sawyer.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 1161)
for the relief of Roxalana W. Sawyer. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Roxalana W. Sawyer, widow of
the late Captain Horace B. Sawyer, of the
United States Navy, on the pension-roll, at
the rate of dollars per month, commenc-
ing on the 14th day of February, 1860, being
the amount of pension to which she was enti-
tled under said existing laws at the time of
the death of her husband.
The Committee on Pensions reported an
amendment to the bill, to fill the blank with
