S10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
yille, Oregon, to be designated as the company
to receive all subsidy and donations of lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad from or
near the Big Bend of the Humboldt river, on
the Central Pacific railroad, to a point on the
Oregon and California railroad, in the Rogue
river valley, and in favor of extending tlie rail-
road from McMinville to Eugene City, Oregon;
■which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of George
W. Anderson, praying for reimbursement of the
proceeds of the sale of certain shares of stock
in the Minnesota Mining Company, confiscated
and sold under a decree of the United States
district court for the southern district of New
York; which was"referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented a petition of
citizens of Texas, praying that the port of
Sabine Pass be declared a port of entry; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COLE. I present a couple of petitions,
quite numerously signed, asking Congress to
take action to facilitate the sale of coal lands
in California, and I suppose in other States
and Territories also. I move the reference of
these petitions to the Committee on Public
Lands, before which a bill on the subject is
pending.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I also present a petition, signed
by a number of volunteer soldiers of Cali-
fornia and Nevada, asking action of Congress
on their behalf to provide for remuneration to
them for getting back to their homes after they
were discharged at places very distant. I move
that these petitions lie on the table, inasmuch as
the matter is already under consideration in
connection with a bill on the Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT presented a resolution of the
Legislature of North Carolina, requesting the
Members and Senators from that State to urge
the passage of a bill, pending in the House
of Representatives, for the Western North
Carolina Extension Railway Company; which
was referred to the Committee on the Pacific
-Railroad.
Ho also presented the petition of S. S.
Stttchwell, of Wilmington, North Carolina,
praying for the removal of his political dis-
abilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
lie also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of North Carolina, requesting the Mem-
bers and Senators from that State to exercise
their utmost endeavors to have remitted the
residue of the United States direct tax on real
estate yet uncollected from the tax-payers of
North Carolina; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of North Carolina, instructing the Sen-
ators and Members from that State to'employ
their influence to have the political disabilities
of Z. B. Vance, United States Senator-elect, re-
moved; which was referred to theselect Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. McCRliliRY presented the petition of
Michael W. Cluskey, of Louisville, Kentucky,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
insurance taxes.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Committee on Pi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1134) relating to internal taxes, have instructed
me to report it back and recommend its pas-
sage. If there be no objection, as the bill has
passed the Senate twice, I ask for its present
consideration. I will say that it has been sub-
mitted to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue and been appioved by him.
There being 110 objection, the Senate, as in' I
Committee oi' the Whole, proceeded to con- j
tider the bill, which provides that from and after ]
its passage 110 rax shall be imposed upou any I
undistributable sum added to the contingent
fund of any fire, marine, inland, life, health,
accident, or like insurance company, nor upon
any unearned premium or premiums received
for risks assumed by such companies, nor shall
any tax be hereafter collected which may have
been assessed, or which shall have become
liable to be assessed, upon such sums, fund, or
premiums prior to the passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
schooner l. s. davis.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Claims, tt>
whom was referred the bill (H. 11. No. 2209)
to carry into effect the decree of the circuit
court of the United States for the southern
district of NewYork in the case of the schooner
L. S. Davis and her cargo, have instructed me
to report in favor of its passage as it originally
passed the other House. This is a bill which
was amended in the Senate, and the House
non-concurred in our amendment, and 011 that
message coming back to the Senate the bill
was again submitted to the Committee on
Claims. They have instructed me to report it
back with a recommendation that the Senate
recede from its amendment., and I hope the
Senate will do so at once. The bill is merely
in execution of a decree of the Supreme Court
of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ In this case the
House of Representatives disagreed to the
Senate amendment, which was iu lines nine,
ten, and eleven of the bill to strike out
"$21,371 20" and insert " $19,39G 11."
The Committee on Claims now recommend
that the Senate recede from its amendment.
The question is, '• Will the Senate recede?"
Mr. DAVIS. On the bill being referred
back to the Committee 011 Claims the commit-
tee have considered the subject again fully, and
now report that the Senate recede. The only
point of difference between the two Houses
was the question of interest on a decree of the
circuit court for the southern district of New
York. The committee have become satislied
that it is in conformity to principle and to the
express rule of the Supreme Court of the
United States that interest should be allowed.
They therefore recommend the passage of the
bill allowing simply the salvage upon the ship
and cargo, with interest from the date of the
judgment of the inferior court.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
"Will the Senate recede from its amend-
ment?"
The question being put, it was decided in
the affirmative.
choctaw claim.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee 011 Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, accom-
panied by a report to him of the Attorney
General, in relation to the claim of the Choc-
taw Indians for the issuance of $250,000 of
bonds of the United States, have had the same
under consideration, and after careful exam-
ination they have directed me to submit a
written report and a resolution, which I ask
to have read. I should like to have the matter
acted upon at the present time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be ordered to be printed, and the resolution
will be reported, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
The Committee on Indian Affairs, to which wag
referred the communication of tho Secretary of the
Treasury to Congress, transmitting a copy of the
opinion of the Attorney General of the United States
upon the claim of theChoctaw nation of Indians for
260,000 of United States bonds, have had the same
under consideration, and report:
They have examined the opinion of the Attorney
General, and concur with him in his reasonings and
conclusions. There is a subsisting treaty I etween
theUnitedStates and the Choctaw nation of Indians
which entitles said nation to $250,000 of bonds of
the United States of America, aud which requires
the President to make and deliver that amount of
said bonds to said Indian nation. This treaty is
tho supreme law of the land, and the President is
euarged with its execution as a ministerial function.
He has full authority to execute that law by the mak-
ing and delivery of those bonds, in compliance with
the treaty. to the proper authorities of the Choctaw
nation. Wherefore, they report this resolution :
Resolved, That the President havingfull authority
under existing law to issue and deliver to the Choc-
taw nation oflndians $250,000 of United States bonds,
no other legislation by Congress is necessary to that
end.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If not objected
to, the resolution is before the Senate for pres-
ent consideration, and the question is on agree-
ing to it.
The resolution was adopted.
mr. motley's correspondence.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to the Senate, if compatible with the public
interest, the last correspondence between Mr. Motley,
as minister to the Court of St. James, and the Depart-
ment of State, together with such other dispatches or
papers touching the subject-matter to which such
correspondence relates.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless objected
to the resolution is before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have it
include all telegraphic dispatches and other
communications relating to his recall.
Mr. MORTON. " The correspondence," I
suppose, covers everything.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the resolution be again
read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. MORTON. That is broad enough to
cover everything.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to add to it
"including all telegraphic dispatches and other
communications relating to his recall." They
may be covered by the resolution, but I would
rather they should be expressed in it. I think
there can be no objection to the addition of
those words.
Mr. MORTON. I think the resolution is
broad enough now to cover everything.
Mr. SUMNER. If itdoes cover these papers
now there can be no objection to the insertion
of these words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless objected
to the resolution is before the Senate, and it
is open to amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator from
Indiana will accept my addition, "including
all telegraphic dispatches and other communi-
cations relating to his recall."
Mr. MORTON. The resolution provides for
all papers and dispatches. I suppose that will
include telegraphic dispatches touching the
subject-matter of that correspondence.
Mr. SIJMNER. We do not know what that
correspondence is; there is no information
what that correspondence is.
Mr. MORTON. I suppose when the corre-
spondence comes it will speak for itself. I
suppose there is not a Senator here who does
not understand what that correspondence
refers to.
Mr. SUMNER. But does the Senator object
to our having the telegraphic dispatches and
communications relating to his recall?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir, I do not object to
it; but I think the resolution is broad enough
to cover everything that is referred to. If the
Senator chooses to offer that as an amendment
himself he con do so.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose it. I do not wish
to press anything upon the Senator. It seems
to me he must have the same object that I
have, to have everything before the Senate
relating to this question, and I would, there-
fore, extend the resolution by simply adding the
words " including all telegraphic dispatches
and other communications relating to his re-
call."
Mr. MORTON. Ihave no objection to the
amendment myself, but I think it is already
embraced in the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; it merely ampli-
fies it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts move the amendment?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be read.
