1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read as it will stand if amended.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Re&olved, That the Presidentbe requested to com-
municate to the Senate, if compatible with the pub-
lic interest, the last correspondence between Mr.
Motley, as minister to the Court of St. James, and
the Department of State, with such other dispatches
or papers touching the subject-matter to which such
correspondence relates, including all telegraphic
dispatches and other communications relating to his
recall.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want to inter-
fere between my distinguished friends from
Indiana and Massachusetts, who know so much
more about the English language than I do ;
but that amendment amounts exactly to say-
ing " including all the correspondence that "is
called for in the first clause.of this resolution."
It would look a little to the President of the
United States, or rather to the Secretary of
State, to whom, I suppose, it would go, as if
we were putting him some very knotty prob-
lems in grammar and arithmetic to double the
resolution up in that way. The last part of the
resolution offered by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts would be perfectly proper alone if you
struck out the first part, and the first part is
perfectly proper if you strike out the last; but
to pass a double resolution of that character
(because it is nothing else) would border, I
must confess, on the ridiculous, to my mind.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. As I understand, the Sen-
ator from Indiana has no objection to my addi-
tion.
Mr. MORTON. I do not accept the amend-
ment, because I think it is unnecessary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is pending. The question before the Senate is
on agreeing to it.
The amendment was agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 20, noes 17.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
bills introduced.
Mr. THURMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1173) in relation to the competency of.
witnesses in the courts of the United States and
before United Slates commissioners; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, ^nd ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1174) granting lands to aid in the reclamation
of desert lands in the Territory of Utah ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1175)
to incorporate the Weber River and Kay's Creek
Canal Company, and for a grant of land to aid
in the construction of a canal for irrigation and
other purposes in the Territory of Utah; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1176)
to incorporate the Bear River and Cache Val-«
ley Canal Company, and for a grant of land to
aid in the construction of a canal for irriga-
tion and other purposes in the Territories
of Utah and Idaho ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1177) to provide for the appointment
of inspectors in the Indian service; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1178) to amend the fourteenth sectiou of the
act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
system, of bankruptcy throughout the United
States which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
committee service.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Thurman, Hamlin, Trumbull, Howe, and
Willey as the special committee to consider
and report upon charges against Senator
Sprague, in connection with matters relative
to the arrest of one Hoyt during the war of
the rebellion, for trading with rebels in Texas.
The VICE PRESIDENT also appointed
Mr. Jewett to fill the vacancies upon the
Committee on Naval Affairs and the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, respectively,
caused by the resignation of Mr. Drake.
enrolled bills sionkd.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bill and joint resolution;
and they were thereupon signed by the Vice
?rGsid6nt *
A bill (H, R. No. 771) for the relief of
Zachariah Pettijohn ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 188) provid-
ing for publishing specifications and drawings
of the Patent Office.
recommendations to office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 298, which was up in the
morning hour yesterday, with a view of allow-
ing me to move to fix it for some day that may
suit the convenience of the Senate. 1 desire
to call up the bill again and to make some
remarks upon it, as it was discussed some-
what yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 208) to relieve
members of Congress from importunity, and
to preserve the independence of the different
Departments of the Government.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move now that this
bill be made the special order for next Tues-
day. I believe the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
M0HT0x]"has some measure that he desires to
call up on Monday at one o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the measure on
Monday ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not remember.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill reim-
bursing the States for advances during the war
was suggested by the Senator from Indiana for
Monday. The Senator from Illinois moves
that this bill be made the special order for
Tuesday next at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; two thirds hav-
ing voted in the affirmative.
j. milton best.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
further morning business the Chair will regard
the morning hour as having ended and one
o'clock as having arrived, if there be no ob-
jection, and the bill (S. No. 6G7) for the relief
of Dr. J. Milton Best is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole, and the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I do not
intend to occupy the attention of the Senate
by making a long speech on this subject, but
I should like to ask its candid attention to the
question which this report made by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] involves.
The report has been somewhat misunderstood,
I believe, and I should like to call attention
to it again.
This claim, the report states, is a claim for
a dwelling-house and for its contents; not
entirely for real estate, but a mixed claim for
both realty and personalty. How much of
the sum of money of $25,000, recommended
to be paid, is attributable to the house, and
how much to the contents which this gentle-
man might have removed at his leisure at any
time if he had not taken the chances of war
and permitted them to stay there, I do not
know. The Senate does not know. Then the
report proceeds to show that—
"On the 25th of March General N. B. Forrest
attacked the eity in force. Colonel Hicks, with a
command of about seven hundred men, withdrew
into Fort Anderson. The sharp-shooters of the enemy
soon took possession of claimant's house and grounds
in large numbers, about one hundred and fifty yards
from the fort; and from that position did great exe-
cution in picking off the men at the guns within the
defenses.''
So that Senators will perceive that in this
case, whatever we may say about others, this
property was taken possession of by the en-
emy in the course of a battle in order to make
an attack upon our forces, and was not taken
possession of by our forces in order to pre-
vent its falling into the hands of the enemy
or in order to use it for public occupation, for
stores or other things. The first armed force
that took possession of this claimant's house,
on that or any other occasion to which this
bill refers, was an armed force of the enemy;
and they captured it, if you can call it a cap-
ture, they seized it and held it for their own
military use and occupation. That is what
the report says, and that is what is the fact,
of course.
Now, what does the report state happened
next? "They were driven from the house
by shells from the fort and gun boats." That
was the next stage in the drama. "And the
enemy's whole force retired from the assault
at eleven o'clock that night without success."
That is to say, the enemy during the battle
occupied this house for their own uses of hos-
tility against our troops; they were fired upon
in it; and at eleven o'clock at night the re-
sistance from the gun-boats and the fort was so
successful that the enemy withdrew for that
time.
What next? " They appeared again next
morning with reinforcements." That is to
say, there had intervened a number of hours
between eleven o'clock at night, when they
were shelled out of this stronghold of theirs
which they had seized, and the next morning,
the hour not stated, when they again appeared
with reinforcements:
"And Colonel Hicks, regarding his command in
great peril, having exhausted or nearly exhausted
his ammunition the preceding nigllt, gave orders for
the destruction of all hoases within musket-range of
the fort. The order was executed at once, and claim-
ant's house was burnt with its contents. The enemy
then withdrew."
So that this house, what there was left of it
on the next morning, was destroyed in the
presence of the enemy between the lines of the
two armies, the enemy being on one side of it
with reinforcements, advancing upon it and
upon the fort, and our people making a sally
from the fort to burn it down with the other
houses; and in connection with that conflagra-
tion and with the firing, that I have no doubt
the gun-boats and the fort kept up in order
to cover this military operation of destroying
these houses, (as every man connected with
military affairs would know that would be an
accompaniment,) the enemy retired.
Now, this citizen claims, through the mouth
of my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe]—
and I am reading his own report to get the
facts—that this was private property of his
which was taken by the United States for pub-
lic use within the meaning of the Constitution,
which declares that private property shall not
be taken for public use without just compensa-
tion. 1 am sure, Mr. President, that it would
strike most lawyers and judges as a little extra-
ordinary to hold that the Constitution of the
United States touched that question. The
clause referred to by the Senator from Wis-
consin is the fifth article of the amendments
to the Constitution, which is one of the secur-
ities of private rights. The first part of the
clause declares that—
"2*To person shall be held to answer for a capital or
