1750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Boreman.Casserly, Davis. Ronton, Flanagan, Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland. Harlan, Harris, Hill. John-
ston, Kelloptg, Millor, Morton, Pool, Pratt, Revels,
Ross, Sawver, SUer'nan,Spencer, Spr.igue. Thurman,
Tipton, Warner, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler. Cole, Conk-
ling, Uorbett, Grilb'-rt, Hamilton of Texas, Howe,
Lewi3, McDonald, Morril i ot Voi moot, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson. Pomeroy„ Robertson, Scott, Stearns,
Stockton. Tliaver, Trumbull, and Vickers—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Bro«nlow, Bucking-
ham, Carpenter, Cattell, Cra<rin. Edmunds, Ferry,
Hamlin. Howard. Howell, MeCreeiy, Morrill of
Maine, Ramsey. Rice. Saulsbury, Sciiurz, Stewart,
Sumner, and Yates—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not wish to detain
the Senate at this time ; but as the proposition
to increase the subsidy of the China line has
been rejected by the Senate, and as the vote
taken before upon the proposition to aid the
Australian line was taken while that was pend-
ing. and with some probability that it would
become a part of the bill, 1 propose now to
renew the amendment which I moved in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and ask the Senate to
vote upon the question whether or not they will
give anything to establish a line of steamships
between the United States and the Australian
colonies and Polynesian islands. I stated on
Satniday the reasons for i he amendment which
I propose, and it certainly is a meritorious
claim upon the favor of the Government, and
I hope the Senate now, as this, if adopted, will
be the only subsidy that the bill contains, will
adopt the amendment. I therefore renew it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is now
after half past ten o'clock; and I move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. COLli. I hope we shall go through
with this bill.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were—-ayes 2G, noes 26.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuses to adjourn.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The question being put, the yeas and nays
were not. ordered.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment oi the Senator from
Oregon.
Mr. CAMERON. I thought the motion
was to adjourn, and that the yeas and nays
were being called for on that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate has refused to order the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I renew the motion
to adjourn. That is always in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. No business has been
done since the last "lotion to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No busi-
ness has transpired since the Senate refused
to adjourn. The motion is not now in order.
The amendment of the Senator from Oregon
will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment is to strike out lines twenty one and
twenty two of the second section of the bill,
in the words " for steamship service between
Sail Francisco and the Sandwich Islands,
$7-3,000;" and in lieu thereof to insert the
following:
That the Postmaster General is hereby authorized
and directed to extend the service now cxibting lor
the transportation of the mniH between S.in Fran-
cisco and theSnndwich Islands to New Zealand and
Austra!>a, tor the period ot twelve yeais from the
commencement of the extended svrvieo, at an addi-
tional compensation not exceeding 3300,000 per an-
num: Piovid<><(* Ttmt the entire service be ween San
lYanci>co <tnd New Zealand and Australia&hall con-
sist of thirteen round mps in each year, to be per-
formed in first-class American-biuit passenger ships
ot not Jess than two thousand tons register burde'n.
Mr. CONKL1NG. The Senate, very wisely
as I think, has decided in this case and in an-
other not to entertain upon an appropriation
bill an am ndment providing for ocpan subsi-
dies. The votes given in the Senate have 110
reference, as I understand, to the merits of the
particular propositions, but they have decided
that upon the appropriation bills, and espe-
cially at. this stage of this session, the Senate
will adhere to the proper objects of those bills.
I move to lay the present amendment on the
Mr. POMEROY. I hope that will not. be
done now. I wish to say a word upon the
question.
Mr. NYE. We have legislated for bridges.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not differ with the
honorable Senator from Nevada about that.
I voted against entertaining the bridge ques-
tion on this appropriation bill after I found
it was to lead to debate.
Mr. POMEROY. I understood the Senator
to say that we had decided that we would
devote ourselves on these bills to the business
of appropriating money.
Mr. CONKLING. I say that on an amend-
ment providing ocean subsidies the Senate has
so decided ; and the fact that some hours have
been consumed on a bridge question certainly
is not an argument in favor of taking up other
things not germane to the appropriation bills
and consuming the fast-running sands of this
session in that, way. Therefore, I move to lay
this amendment on the table ; and I hope my
honorable friend from Kansas will pardon me
for insisting on the motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not want to make a
speech ; but I think that, being on the Com-
mittee 011 Post Offices and Post Roads, which
agreed to report this proposition, I might be
allowed to speak for perhaps one minute.
Mr. CONKLING. It the Senator makes a
point of that kind, I certainly will not insist
on my motion standing in his way, and I ask
him now if he will renew the motion in case
I withdraw it?
Mr. POMEROY. I will not speak over
three minutes, and the next man can renew
the motion.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from New York is withdrawn.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, who have had this mat-
ter under consideration, felt somewhat embar-
rassed that there should be two propositions
purporting to grant subsidies on the Pacific
ocean, and yet each of those propositions had
merit and each had friends supporting it, and
separately, I think, either one would have com-
mended itself to the judgment of the Senate;
but there was some conflict of opinion as to
the propriety of putting them both on an ap-
propriation bill. I did not suppose that both
of them could be carried on an appropriation
bill. I do believe, however, that the Senators
who have studied this one question of opening
our commerce to Australia will be willing to
extend this line that now runs to the Sandwich
Islands to Australia. This amendment is drawn
with that view; and that is so simple a matter,
taken by itself and alone, that I thought, and
I think now, it will commend itself to the judg-
ment of the Senate; but I have never believed
that the two propositions could be carried on
an appropriation bill.
I have now said all that I wish to say about
it. We had the question under consideration
in the committee for a long time, and it was
the judgment of the committee that it was a
matter of great importance to open commerce
with Australia, where there are a million and
a half of ppople who speak our language,
who are identified with us to a great extent,
who have gone from this country and from
England. If you send a ship to China you
communicate with Chinamen ; there are very
few there who speak'your language; but when
you go to Australia you are, as it were, among
our own people, who want to trade with us.
I think this line ought to be opened, and I
think this will do it.
Mr. CONKLING. If Senators have made
up their minds to lose the appropriation bills,
to let the session run out and find several of
the appropriation bills unacted upon, perhaps
no very good reason could he assigned why
we should not trifle with the appropriation
bills still further upon this and other amend-
ments. I hope, however, that the Senate still
holds on to the idea that the appropriation
bills may be passed, as they should be passed,
at this session. If this be done at all, it is to
be accomplished only by diligent work, and
that directed to the appropriation bills them-
selves, excluding matters foreign to those
bills. Therefore, I renew the motion to lay
this amendment on the table, and I hope no
Senator will ask me again to withdraw it.
Mr. NYE. I wish to ask the Senator a
question if he will allow me to do so.
Mr. CONKLING. I withdraw the motion
temporarily for that purpose.
Mr. NYE. I want to know why this rule
should apply to this case any more than to the
case of the bridge upon which we have spent
a whole day.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator and myself
were voted down on that question.
Mr. NYE. I think instead of submitting
we ought to resent it.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator will pardon
me. Several hours were consumed 011 the
bridge question, and that has shortened this
session justso much. The time we have within
which to act upon the appropriation bills is a
period less exactly the number of hours and
minutes that have been consumed upon the
bridge question. Therefore it strengthens me,
I think, in moving to lay this amendment on
the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York moves that the amendment be
laid 011 the table.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on
a division—ayes 2-5, noes 20.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Several Senators. Oh no, let us finish the
bill.
Mr. COLE. The only question now, I under-
stand, is, on the passage of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Texas moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. CAMERON. I am not willing to pass
an appropriation bill appropriating millions of
dollars of the public money at this time of
night with only half the Senate here. I there-
fore renew the motion to adjourn, and upon
it I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—-yeas 21, nays 31 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard .Cameron, Casgerly,Chand-
ler, Fcnton, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Johnston, MeCreery, McDonald, Miller, Nye,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice, Scott, Stockton, Thurman,
Ti pton, and Vickers—21.
NAYS —Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Blair,
Boreman, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Fowler,
Harris, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn,
Patterson, Pool. Pratt, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer,
Sherman, Spencer, Spraguei Stearns. Stewart, Trum-
bull, W.uner, Willey, Williams, a,nd Wilson—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham. Car-
penter, Cattell, Davis, Edmunds, Ferry, Hamilton
ot Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Howard, Howell,
Lewi -, Morril] of Maine, Morton, Revels, Saulsbury,
Schurz, Sumner, Thayer, and Yates—22.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, '' Shall the bill pass ?"
The bill was passed ; and its title was amended
by the addition of the words, "and for other
purposes."
AMENDMENTS TO APPKOPUIATION BILLS.
Mr. CORBETT submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
2895) making appropriations to supply defi-
