1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1139
Mr. WILLIAMS. If it leads to no debate
I will not object.
Mr. ABBOTT. It hag been reported both
ways, onee favorably and once adversely.
Sir. WILLIAMS. I object to taking up any
debatable questions if we are entitled to go
on with the business of the Committee on
Public Lauds.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill referred
to by the Senator from North Carolina was
indefinitely postponed to-day.
Mr. ABBOT1. It is on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont, representing the committee, this
morning moved the indefinite postponement
of several bills reported adversely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was before the Sen-
ator from North Carolina came in, and per-
haps injustice to him it ought to be reconsid-
ered, and if he desires it may be sent back to
the committee for further examination; but
with the light we now have we could not rec-
ommend it.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move that Senate bill
No. 40 be recommitted to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. I have no
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the vote postponing the bill indefi-
nitely will be reconsidered and the bill recom-
mitted to the Committee on Pensions. The
Chair hears no objection, and it is so ordered.
LAND DISTRICT IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. THURMAN. I rise to ask if the chair-
man of the Committee on Pensions is through
with his bills?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He has so stated.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I move that we
proceed with the consideration of bills of the
Committee on Public Lands.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Senator from
Oregon is on the floor for that purpose.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 1266, to create a new land district
in the Territory of Washington.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 1266) to create a new land district in the
Territory of Washington was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. By its terms all the public lands in
the Territory of Washington lying east and
north of the following boundaries are to con-
stitute a new land district, to be called the
Walla- Walladistrict: beginuing on the bound-
ary line between the United States and the
British possessions, on the summit of the Cas-
cade mountains; thence southerly along the
line established by the first section of the act
of May 10, I860, entitled "An act to create
an additional land district in Washington Ter-
ritory," to the line dividing townships ten and
eleven north; thence east to the line dividing
ranges nineteen and twenty east; thence south
along that line to the Columbia river. The
President is to appoint, by and with the advice
aud consent of the Senate, or during the recess
thereof, and until the end of the next session
after such appointment, a registerand receiver
for the district, who shall be required to reside
at the city of Walla-Walla until such time as
the President, in his discretion, may remove
the site of the land office from that city, be
subject to the same laws, and entitled to the
same compensation as is or may hereafter be
provided bylaw in relation to the existing land
offices and officers in the Territory of Wash-
ington.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
I.AXD DISTRICT IN FLOKIDA.
Mr. PO.MEROY. I move that the Senate
Sroceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
o. 1270) to create an additional land district
in Florida.
The motion was agreed to j and the bill was
<?Qii8jdered as iu Committee of the Whole* It
provides that that portion of Florida lying
east of the Suwannee river shall constitute an
additional land district, and shall be known
as the East Florida district, the office for which
shall be located at Jacksonville. For this new
district a register and a receiver are to be ap-
pointed, who shall be entitled to the same com-
pensation as is or may hereafter be prescribed
by law for like officers of other districts.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
an amendment in lines three and four, to strike
out the words " Suwannee l'iver" and insert
the words "line between ranges fourteen and
fifteen east."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third lime, and
passed.
VIRGINIA MILITARY LANDS IN OHIO.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to take up House
bill No. 175. I will say to the Senate that I
do not intend to press any bills to-day that will
lead to any extended debate.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not think there will
be any discussion on this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Any of the subsidy bills,
as they are called, we do not expect to pass,
as it is late in the session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas reserves the right if a bill gives
rise to debate to have it returned to the Cal-
endar.
Mr.. POMEROY. But there are several
bills relating to land offices and land districts,
small bills, that I want to pass.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 175) to cede to
the State of Ohio the unsold lands in the Vir-
ginia military district in said State.
The bill' was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
LANDS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 2490, reported from the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(H. R. No. 2490) to amend an act entitled
" An act to confirm title to certain lands in
Illinois" was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to amend the de-
scription of the lands mentioned in the act so
as to read " township two north " instead of
"township one north."
Mr. WILLIAMS. The bill is simply to cor-
rect a misdescription of a piece of land.^
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.'
NATHAN BOYER.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill 415.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 415) confirming the title of Nathan
Boyer to certain lands in the State of Michi-
gan, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. Its preamble recites that Nathan
Boyer, under date of June 20, 1865, entered
at the local land office at East Saginaw,
Michigan, per cash entry No. 9335, the south
half of the southeast quarter of section twenty,
township thirteen north, of range two west,
at the graduation pries of twenty-five cents
per acre, having settled thereon, filed his dec-
laratory statement under the preemption
laws, and continued his residence upon and
improvement of the tract until the date of
entry, except during his absence in the mili-
tary service of the United States; and that the
graduation act was repealed June 2, 1862,
before the year allowed Mr. Boyer in which
to make proof and payment for the land had
expired. By the bill the Commissioner of
J the General Land Office is directed to issue
I a patent to Nathan Boyer for the land do-
j scribed, the same as if the title had been
completed under the graduation act of August
! 4, 18',4._
!| The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
i, the third time, and passed.
lj SURVEYS OF SETTLERS' LANDS.
Mr. CASSBRLY. I move that House bill
No. 2173 be taken up. It is a bill whieh is
reported by the Committee on Public Lands to
facilitate the surveys of lands held by settlers
under the United States.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill {H.
R. No. 2173) to amend an act entitled "An
act to reduce the expenses of the survey and
sale of the public lands in the United States,"
approved May 30, 1862, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole, It proposes to
amend the act entitled "An act to reduce the
expenses of the survey and sale of the public
lands in the United States," approved May 30,
1862, by adding thereto the following addi-
tional section, to be numbered as section
eleven:
Ssc. 11. And be it further enacted, That in all eases
where settlers shall make deposits in accordance
with tills act, to the credit of the United States,
for publie surveys, saeh amounts so deposited shall
go in part payment for their lands situated in the
townships, the surveying of whieh is paid for oat of
said deposits.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
an amendment, to add to the bill:
And effect shall be given to this act by regula-
tions to be prescribed by the-Comuiissioner of the
General Land Office.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
J. n. SCHNELt.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proeeed to the consideration of House biil
No. 2909.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 2909) to enable J. H. Schnell, of Cali-
fornia, to enter and pay for a section of pub-
lic land in California for his tea, colony, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Public Lands proposed
to amend the bill in line seven by inserting
after the word "culture" the words "inlhe
county of El Dorado, in the State of Califor-
nia;" so as to read :
That .1. H. Schnell, of California, be authorised to
enter, at the proper United States land office, a
quantity of land not exceeding six hundred and
forty acres, at the minimum price, according to tho
lines of his improvements, tea gardens, and other
culture, in the county of 131 Dorado, in the State
of California, and to whieh there may not be any
adverse claim except that of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, aud the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to.ba engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
CEMETERY IN DUBEQCE.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1521.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1521) relinquishing to the city of Du-
buque, Iowa, whatever title may remain in the
United States to a certain lot of ground in
Dubuqup. was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to relinquish to
the city of Dubuque and the_ assignees of the
city whatever title may remain in the United
States to a certain lot or parcel of ground iu
Dubuque, Iowa, bounded by the city_ limits,
Main street, and out-lots Nos. 678, 674, 677,
678, and designated as a "gravc-yard" oil the
official plat of Dubuque, as laid out by the
