1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813
merit. Therefore, because the collective body
of individuals compose a Government, they are
under no more obligation to pay for property
destroyed under such circumstances of public
calamity than one of the neighbors is—not a
particle. That is the reason of it.
Society is only a contract, and a Govern-
ment is only bound to do that which it has
engaged to do, and there is no engagement in
the nature of government on the part of the
whole body of society to defend a man's house
or to defend a man's property against the
overwhelming calamities of war. Govern-
ment engages to do the best it can for its citi-
zens, to exercise good faith and diligence in
the protection of private rights; but it cannot
protect private rights where it inarches its
armies from one part of the country to the
other. It could hardly be said that private
property was taken for public use if, as one of
the necessities of battle, an army was obliged
to march across Dr. Best's lawn, and yet that
would be taking his property for public use
just as much as occupying bis house and burn-
ing it down.
I am speaking of this claim in connection
with these principles as illustrating their ap-
plication, ^nd not as applying entirely to all
other claims, because every claim upun cer-
tain principles must be decided upon its own
met its. If it falls within the principle it ought
to be paid; if it does not, it ought not. I
repeat, then, there is no obligation upon the
part of the Government to pay for claims of
this character, for the reason that the Govern-
ment never undertook to defend this house
against the occupation of rebels when they
were invading Paducah, Kentucky. The Gov-
ernment had undertaken to defend Dr. Best
and his property to the best of its ability, and
it tried to do it; and in order to save his prop-
erty and the property of all the rest of the
citizens of that town from being confiscated or
destroyed by the rebels, if they were successful
in the warfare, it was necessary that his house
should be shelled, because the rebels were in
it; and it was necessary that the wreck of it
should be burned down, because the rebels were
about to be in it again. That is where the case
stands, and therefore this case is wide from
many of those that I know some of my friends
from the southern States think ought to be
paid, and in thinking which I, in some of the
instances, certainly agree with them. It stands
upon entirely different principles, and it ought
not, therefore, under the theory that it is to be
a leading case, to be pushed through in order
to uphold cases that stand upon a great deal
better ground, or to make a precedent for cases
that stand upon a great deal worse.
My friend from Wisconsin read yesterday
from sundry reports of committees of Con-
gress after the war of 1812 to show that Con-
gress had been committed to a line of adjudi-
cation and of the administration of justice just
such as this bill calls for ; and lie read one,
the report of a case at Plattsburg, between
which and this case he felt obliged t,o suggest
himself that he thought people who looked at
it might possibly distinguish some difference,
although he did not see any himself. I think
one well might; but I do not know, and do not
undertake to say now and determine, whether
the Plattsburg case was decided rightor wrong.
You will find, in looking through the reports of
Congress, that agreat many claims are allowed
which ought not to be, and some are rejected
that ought to be allowed. The thing that we
wish to get at for our guidance in having one
uniform policy about these matters is, as it
appears to me, the principle upon which such
eases were decided.
in looking at the volume of reports which
my honorable friend has produced 1 find that
the committees of both Houses of Congress
say that they stand upon precisely the prin-
ciple that 1 have been stating; that is, that
where property is destroyed by either party, in
the heat and storm of a contest, nobody has
any claim upon the Government for compensa-
tion, for the reason that the Government has
never undertaken to defend against such calam-
ities; but where, beforehand, or for a use of
the Government which might or might not sub-
ject the property to extraordinary peril, private
property has been absorbed and appropriated
as places for store-houses and all that sort of
thing, then Congress ought to pay and should
pay, if in consequence of that use the property
was destroyed; and that was exactly the case
of Harmony in the Supreme Court.
Now, look at one or two of these cases to see
if I am not right. One of the cases that my
friend referred to, I think, was that of William
Henry Washington, whose house was taken
and occu pied as a store- house for public stores.
The public stores were deposited in the house
for safe-keeping, and a corporal and five men
were stationed at the house to protect the
stores. Apprehending an attack by the enemy,
the corporal blew up the stores and destroyed
the house. Now, the committee say:
" Whether the destruction of the house was neces-
sary to prevent the public stores from falling into
the hands of the enemy is a matter of opinion, to be
formed by the facts submitted to the House. The
committee are of opinion that, inasmuch as the offi-
cer to whoso care the public stores were committed
thought it prudent and proper to destroy the house
and stores, to prevent the latter coming to the pos-
session of the eneuiy, the petitioner should be paid
the value of his house."
^And they reported a bill accordingly. That
is precisely in accordance with what Vattel
says, and what the history of public law shows
has been the course of Governments, that if
you take possession of a citizen's property for
your own convenience and use, to cover some-
thing up from the weather that you have that
you wish to preserve, and in consequence of
your taking it for that use it becomes destroyed
or injured, you are to pay for it. But how far
is that from the case we have before us!
Now, let us go a little further. Take another
report that my friend did not read. Here is
the case of Thomas Frotliingham:
"This petitioner prays for compensation for a
dwelling-house, the property of his late mother,
burned at Charlestown, la Massachusetts, in March,
1776. by order of General Sullivan, then commanding
the American troops at that place. The committee
find that the house for which compensation is now
sought was, with several other buildings in the vicin-
ity, at that time m possession of the British troops,
and that, tor the purposed dislodging them,General
Sullivan sent a party ot troops with orders to sot lire
to the buildings; which was done accordingly.
" The committee apprehend that the loss ot houses,
and other sufferings by the general ravages of war,
have never been compensated by this or any other
Government. In the history of ourllevolution sun-
dry decisions of Congress against claims of this
nature may be found. In the present case the claim
rests on the same ba^is with all others where suffer-
ings arise from the ravages of war. As Government
has not adopted a general rule to compensate indi-
viduals who have suifcrcd in a similar manner, the
committee are of opinion that the prayer of this
petition cannot be granted."
On the other hand—showing how clearly
this rule runs through all the action of these
committees, except that they may make mis-
takes sometimes in the application of them,
(that has nothing to do with the present ques-
tion)—here is another case on the preceding
page, of a character where it is proper to make
compensation:
"The said petition seeks indemnification for in-
juries done to and compensation for the occupation
ot the edifice of the College of Ithode Isfand iroru
the 10th of December, 1776, to the 10th of April,
1780, by the troops of the United Slater; and trom
the 20th of June, 17S0, to the 27th of May. 1782, by
the troops of France cooperating in the defense of
the United States; m the first instance as a barrack,
in the second as a military hospital.
" The principle of this claim is the same with that
of the corporation of trustees of the public gram-
mar-sehool and academy of Wilmington, in Dela-
ware, which was provided fir by an act of Congress
of the 13th of Apiil. 1792. The facts appear by the
accompanying documents to be substantiated, and
there is no tiace of any compensation having been
heretofore made.
"It is the opinion of the Secretary, as expressed
on former occasions, that m this and all similar
cases affecting the interests of literature, indemmfi-
cationand compensation ought to be made."
Now, take the report of one of the same
committees referred to by my friend, made by
Mr. Yancey upon a revision of the act of 1816,
which provided for settling iathe War Depart-
ment claims analogous to these war claims.
Congress in 1810 passed an a<jt( the ninth,
section of which authorized "payment, for a
house or building destroyed by the enemy while
the same was occupied as a military deposit^
under the authority of an officer or an agent
of the United States, if it shall appear that
such occupation was the cause of its destruc-
tion."
That was the extent of the action of Con-
gress in 1816, in providing for the destruction
of buildings and property then—that if they
were taken by the military authorities and used
as store-bouses and places of deposit, and, in
consequence of that, they were destroyed by
the enemy or destroyed by our own troops,
compensation should be made; in other words,
they came within the spirit of the Constitution,
of appropriating private property for public
use, taking it to do something with it, to re-
ceive benefit from it, to make use of it as a
place to store war material, to stable horses,
to house soldiers, to take care of the sick. All
occupation of that kind is the taking of pri-
vate propei ty for public use, and it is taking
it for a use which does not of necessity compel
the taking of that particular property rather
than any other. The Government selects from
among the property of its citizens that which
is most convenient for it to obtain, and then it
must pay for it; but when, in thestress of bat-
tle, iu the exigency of a great military move-
ment, it happens that, through the chances of
Warfare, a man's house, or a man's tree, or a
man's body stands in the way of contending
armies, that must suffer the calamity of hap-
pening to be there. They do not take it be-
cause they select it as most adapted for their
use. and use it and enjoy it accordingly, but
they take it because in the stress of conflict it
falls between the contending warfare between
one side and the other.
As I have said, every one of these reports,
every one of these "bills that haye passed,
referred to by my friend from Wisconsin,
stands upon the principle I have named, in
those cases where this taking of property for
public use was a selection by the agents of the
United States for the benefit and advantage
of the Army, and for the use of the Army, to
be occupied in the ways I have described, they
have said that the property ought to be paid
for. We passed a bill the other day to pay
for property in one of the cities of Indiana, of
the same character, which was perfectly cor-
rect. But they have said also, with equal stead-
fastness and with equal justice, that beyond
that the Government has never contracted
nor stipulated to go, that it has incurred no
obligation to repay a citizen for the calamity
which the strife of contending armies has
brought upon him in the occupation of his
property.
This is the case of Dr. Best. He may have
been a very loyal man. I have no doubt, from
what has been stated, that he was. But he
happened to own property in a place that the
rebels invaded, and which, in the heat of con-
flict, was occupied at one moment by the
rebels ; they were shelled out of it at another
moment by our gun-boats; and then, when it is
about to be reoccupied by them, it is destroyed
by our troops. He suffers in common with all
the other people there for this calamity; but he
is no more entitled to claim compensation for
it.than are the people who are engaged in that
warfare—our own officers and soldiers—enti-
tled to claim compensation fqr the injuries
which tliey received; and such a claim was
never thought of. We grant pensions by way
of support to people who are disabled by war-
fare, because we agreed to do itbut no man
can make good the loss of life and limb, by
pecuniary compensation, which officers and
soldiers suffer in warfare. No Government
undertakes it. No Government is bound to do
it by any principle or obligation that has ever
