1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1751
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fi.-cul vears ending
June 30, 1870, and June SO, 1871, and for
former years, and for oilier purposes; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. W1LLEY submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. It. No.
3004) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of' the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1872, and for other purposes;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations. and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OS BORN, Mr. CRAGIN, and Mr.
STOCKTON submitted amendments intended
to he proposed by them to the bill (H. R. No.
0036) making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain public
works on rivers and harbors, and for other
purposes; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
leavenworth military depot.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the Senate any recommendations i
and papers he may have from the commander at
Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, relating to an appro-
priation for a military depot at that post, with any
recommendation he may have.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 2816,
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1872.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. 1 move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. COLE. Cannot the bill be read through
to-night? It is not very long. ["Oh, nol"]
Mr. SPENCER. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and (at ten
o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 28, 1871.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bitti.er,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read aud
approved.
centennial anniversary.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
the House, by unanimous consent, to take from
the Speaker's table, for the purpose of concur-
rence, Senate amendment to the bill (H. R.
No. 1478) to provide for celebrating the hun-
dredth anniversary of American independence
by holding an international exhibition of arts,
manufactures, and products of the soil and
mine in the city of Philadelphia, aud State of
Pennsylvania, in the year 1876.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
At the end of section seven add the following:
And the United States shall not be liable for any
expenses attending such exhibition or by reason of
the same.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia,'[Mr. Moriiell?]
Mr. REEVES. I object-
Mr. DICKEY. I move to suspend the rules
to take up and concur in the amendment.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be
entertained at the present time.
bridges in missouri.
Mr. DYER submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses,on the amendments of the
Semite to the bill (It. K. No. 3033) to authorize the
construction of a bridge over the Mississippi river at
Louisiana, Missouri, and also a bridge over the Mis-
souri river at Glasgow, in said State, having met,
after full and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses
a& follows; „ , .
1. That tlie Senate recede from its first amend-
ment.
2. That the Senate recede from its second amend-
ment.
3. That the Ilou-e recede from its disagreement to
the third amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same.
4. That the Senate recede from its fourth amend-
ment. and that the committee of conference recom-
mend that on pace 2, line twenty-seven, the word
"three" be stricken out and the word "nine" in-
serted.
5. That the House recede from its disagreement
to the fifth amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same. DAVID P. DYER.
jasper Packard,
albert g. burr,
Managers on the part of the House.
frank p. blair,
s. 0. p0mee0y,
alex. ramsey,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. DYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
balances of library appropriations.
Mr. PETERS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Library to ask the House to take
from the Speaker's table a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 315) relating to balances of appro-
priations for the Library of Congress and the
Botanic Garden ; and I ask that it may be
considered at the present time if there is no
objection.
The SPEAKER. It will be reported, sub-
ject to objection.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that all balances of appropriations un-
der the control of the joint Committee on the
Library, and unexpended at the expiration of
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, maybe
expended under the direction of the committee,
and not carried to the surplus fund, as pro-
vided by sections five and six of the act mak-
ing appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending Jane 30, 1871, approved
Julv 12, 1870.
There was no objection ; and the joint reso-
lution was taken up, read a first and second
time, and ordered to a third reading ; it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
covode obituaries.
Mr. MUNGEN, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following concurrent
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring.) That there be printed seven thou-
sand five hundred copies of the eulogies pronounced
in the Rouse and the Senate on the death of lion.
John Covode, of which five thousand shall be for
the use of the House and two thousand five hundred
for the use of the Senate.
trade with canada.
Mr. MUNGEN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report back the Senate
amendment to the following concurrent res-
olution, with the recommendation that it be
concurred in:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring.) Th.it there be printed five thou-
sand extra copies of the report of the commission
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury toexam-
ine and report on the trade between the United
States and the provinces of Canada ; two thousand
for the use of the House, one thousand for the use
of the Senate, and two thousand for distribution in
the provinces.
The amendment of the Senate is to strike
out the words ''distribution in the provinces"
and in lieu thereof insert "for the use of the
Treasury Department."
The Senate amendment was concurred in.
agricultural report.
Mr. MUNGEN. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Printing to report back, with ,
the recommendation that it. do pass, the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 515) to print the agri-
cultural report for the year 1870.
The joint resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved. &e.. Thatthero be printed of the annual
report of the Commissioner of Agriculture for 1870
two hundred and foity-five thousand extra copies,
two hundred thousand of which shall be for the use
of the House, twenty thousand tor the use of the
Senate, and twenty-five thousand for distribution
by the Commissioner of Agriculture.
Mr. MUNGEN. The objectionable part has
been stricken out of the resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. How does this compare
with the publication of previous years?
Mr. MUNGEN. Twenty thousand more.
Mr. DEGENER. Why is that portion stricken
out which provides for the printing of a certain
number in the German language?
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Simply because we
cannot get the resolution through with that
provision, and we want to pass it to-day.
Mr. MUNGEN. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. MUNGEN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leavenworth, etc., railroad company.
Mr. CLARKE, ofKansas. I ask unanimous
consent to take up and pass Senate joint res-
olution No. 194, to enable the Leavenworth,
Lawrence, and Galveston Railroad Company
to relocate a portion of its road.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
stamped envelope contract
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, moved
that the testimony taken before the Committee
on Appropriations in the matter of Dempsey
& O'Toole's contract for stamped envelopes
be printed for the use of the House; which
motion was agreed to.
united states district court, arkansas.
On motion of Mr. BOLES, by unanimous
consent, the amendment of the Senate to add
"and for other purposes" to thetitleof House
bill No. 1582, authorizing terms of the United
States distiict court to be held at Helena,
Arkansas, was taken up and concurred in.
robert boyd, jr.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the bill (EI. R.
No. 1619) to restore Robert Boyd, jr., to the
active list of the Navy of the United States,
with an amendment by the Senate, for the pur-
pose of moving that the amendment of the
Senate be concurred in.
There was no objection ; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
as follows: . , ,
That the President of the United States be author-
ized to nominate and, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint Kobert Boyd, jr.,
now on the retired list, as a commander in the active
list of the
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which theamendment of the Senate was con-
curred in ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
eights of settlers in io"tt'a.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's tableand put upon
its passage a joint resolution (S. R. No. 2'J5)
relating to rights of actual settlers upon certain
lands in Iowa.
