314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
been recognized, because it is the duty of every
man to defend the society of which he is a
member, and it is the duty of every man own-
ing property to take upon himself, as he must
take, the chances of the calamities which war
brings upon a community where contending
armies may march in one direction or another
in their conflicts. That is the difficulty with
this case.
When a case arises which, as it seems to me,
comes within the principle my friend from
, Wisconsin himself has quoted in this book as
being an appropriation by our troops any-
where of the property of a citizen who at that
time was entitled to be considered a law abid-
ing and law supporting citizen of the United
States, I shall be quite ready, with mypresent
impressions, to vote for it; but when a man's
property is destroyed in the inidst of battle,
because it happened'to be in the place where
the battle was raging, then I cannot see any
ground upon which the United States can be
committed to pay for it, or any place where, if
we were to pay for it in this instance, it would
be possible to distinguish it from any kind of
claim which any citizen might make.
Mr. POOL. Mr. President, I know nothing
about this matter further than I see in the re-
port of the committee and what I have heard
in the discussion of it in the Senate ; but in
looking at the report of the committee, and
taking the facts as they are found and reported
to us, which I suppose we must take as being
all thatis in the case, it seems to me very clear
that under established principles, as I under-
stand them, the Government is bound to make
payment not only of the amount reported by
the committee, but I think, upon principle,
even of the whole amount claimed, without
the deduction referred to by the Senator from
Vermont.
The question, it seems to me, has not been
very closely stated by those who have discussed
it up to this time. It is in my judgment this:
whether the Government of the United States
can establish a fort so near to the property of
a citizen as to insure its destruction when the
enemy comes, without paying for it if that
property is destroyed in consequence of so
establishing the fort. In the year 18G1 there
was a fort located in the vicinity of Dr. Best's
house. The report of the committee states
that "the fort was built, as it were, under the
shadow of the claimant's house, rendering the
destruction of the house necessary, as the event
proved." Prom the time that fort was located
there the destruction of Best's house, as the
event proved, was an absolute necessity if the
enemy ever attacked the fort at all; and unless
the enemy should attack the fort it was hardly
necessary to have put the fort there. The Gov-
ernment must have contemplated that event,
and that the establishment of the fort must
necessarily have diminished the value of that
house.
I take it that the destruction of that house
was just as necessary after the establishment
of that fort as if it had been inclosed within
its walls. Can it be possible that, the Govern-
ment can put a fort so near the property of
any one of its citizens as to make the destruc-
tion of the property an absolute certainty in
order to protect the garrison in the fort, and
then, when the enemy come and the house is
destroyed, claim that it was done in the exi-
gency of battle? I understand the principles
of law relating to cases where property must
be paid for by the Government, and where it
may not be, to be very clear. If in the stress
of battle, as the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] says, if in the exigency of an act-
ual engagement, the property of a private cit-
izen be destroyed, it is clear that the Govern-
ment is not required to pay for it, no matter
whether it be destroyed by our forces or the
forces of the enemy. But, sir, where, in ad-
vance, property is taken before the battle com-
mences, even though it be preparatory to com-
mencing the battle, there the Government must
pay for it, and must pay for it whether that
property be used or whether it be destroyed,
for there is no sound distinction between the
two cases. If the Government, for its own
benefit, for the protection of its interests, for
the protection of its soldiers, destroys private
property, it must pay for it just the same as
if it had taken and used it day in and day out
afterward. This principle was established in
the case of Harmony vs. Mitchell.
It was said by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Conkling,] before the recess, in discuss-
ing that case, (and he cited it to show that the
Government ought not to pay Dr. Best,) that,
in looking at a law case, we must go to the
underlying principle of law upon which the
judges rest their opinion in order to get at its
applicability to any other case that may arise.
In that case of Harmony vs. Mitchell there was
a trader who had his property with the Army,
but not under military law, and who, under-
standing that a distant expedition of some
three hundred miles was about to be under-
taken, supposed that his property would be
iu danger if it accompanied the Army that far
into the enemy's country. He was then, as
he supposed, in a place of safety, and he did
not propose to accompany the Army upon this
expedition ; but, by an order of the command-
ing officer, he was compelled to go with the
Army. Alterward that property was destroyed
by the enemy; it was destroyed as the resirtt
ot actual battle by the enemy; and the Govern-
ment was held liable to pay for it; and why ?
What is the underlying principle ? It is that,
by the order of one ot the officers of the Gov-
ernment, the property was taken from safety
and put into danger, and that was done for
the benefit of the service, for we must take it
that Colonel Mitchell supposed it to be for the
benefit of the service that this man should pro-
ceed with his property along with that expedi-
tion. Then if by the order of an officer, in
advance of an actual engagement with the
enemy, property which was safe is brought
into danger it must be paid for by the Govern-
ment under that decisiou.
I take that to be the ruling principle of law
in that decision; and that is applicable to this
case, and is precisely in point so far as the
principle is concerned ; for here in 1861, in the
neighborhood of Paducah, Kentucky, Dr. Best
erected in that very year a large substantial
brick house; it was then in perfect safety ;
there was no reason to suppose that that house
would be more- likely to be destroyed in case
Kentucky were invaded by the rebel forces
than any other house in the State, and just
at that time the United States Government
by order of its officers go there and within
one hundred and fifty yards of that substan-
tial brick tenement erect a fort; that is, they
invite an attack at that particular point. Id
seems to me that any man of ordinary military
judgment would know that that house over-
looking the guns of that fort, built as substan-
tially as it was, was a fortress from which the
enemy might, pick off the gunners, just as the
event proved. Any man of ordinary judgment,
whether lie be a military man or not, must
know that that house must be removed from
that place in order to secure the garrison in that
fort. The house was put in danger from that
moment; its destruction was insured from that
moment. So, sir, every officer that had charge
there knew. The commanding officer, when
the fort was located, appointed a commission
to go and condemn the property. They all
understood it in this way. A commission
of officers was appointed to go and condemn
that property and have the house removed,
because they knew that with a house standing
there their gunners would be picked off by the
sharp shooters of the enemy should an engage-
ment occur. The house was not condemned
then; and why? Because the officers com-
posing that commission were ordered off and
scattered through the country on different and
distant service. I ask, sir, is it just? Is it right,
that because the object of the commission
appointed by the United States to condemn
and value a piece of property, the destruction
of which was rendered necessary by the delib-
erate act and selection of the Government, was
not consummated because the commission was
scattered on distant service, the petitioner here
shall not receive any compensation?
Mr. President, let me suppose that the
United States erect a fort within a few hun-
dred yards of my house so as to render the
destruction of it necessary in case that fort
should ever be attacked. Thereisno commis-
sion appointed for the purpose of condemning
it, lmt my house is allowed to remain there,
subject to that danger, until the enemy come,
and when the enemy come that house is de-
stroyed, I do not care whether it is in battle
or out of battle—for in my judgment that has
nothing to do with this case; whether it is
destroyed in the exigency of battle or in pre-
paring for battle is no matter, the destruction
having been rendered necessary years before—
I say that if in such a case the enemy should
come and destroy my house, and the Govern-
ment should then refuse to pay for it, I would
say that it was a subterfuge, that was a dodge to
avoid doing what the Government was bound
to do. There ought to have been a commis-
sion appointed to condemn and value it; and
if such a commission were not appointed it
was the fault of the Government's officer. I
should not be made to suffer by that fault, nor
should the Government take advantage of the
wrong of its own officer.
In this case a commission was appointed.
That commission not having acted the appoint-
ment amounts to nothing, except that it shows
to us that in the judgment of the officers who
erected that fort this house must be destroyed ;
that its destruction was rendered a necessity
from the very beginning. With that view of
the case, as 1 said when I first rose, I should
be willing to vote the whole §27,000 ; and if
the house had been destroyed while the battle
was going on the day before, if it had been
destroyed by the guns of the enemy, I should
have said the Government ought to pay for it.
It was damaged, the committee say, to the
amount of two or three thousand dollars by
guns from the fort trying to dislodge rebel
sharp-shooters in it; and that is deducted. I
do not think that necessary. I think the whole
claim ought to be paid.
Now Mr. President, I do not know that I
should have expressed my views on this case
at all, it. being one with which I had not any
familiarity or acquaintance before I heard it
discussed here : but the debate has been allowed
to take a little widerrange, to run outin search
of another class of cases that may by some pos-
sibility hereafter come up, and I propose to say
very few words in that aspect of it taken by
the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Cakpexteii ]
That Senator took some pains to argue that
the contest between the northern and southern
States-in the late rebellion was an actual war ;
that the sending of the Union armies to the
South was not a mere sending out of a posse;
that those armies were not a mere police force
sent down to execute this law or that law on
persons who were disobeying it, but that it
was actually public war, and that all the cir-
cumstances surrounding it must be governed
by the rules of war.
ihis I admit. I do not know that any one
who has contended for the allowance of any
of these claims has denied that position, it
was war. But when the Government takes a
position, the consequences that follow it, not
only in regard to claims but in other aspects,
become a matter of very considerable import-
ance. I do take it in thecommon sense, with-
out technicality at all, that it was a war, pitched
and waged between two competent belliger-
ents, who had one a de facto government and
ra-°r a £ovenimunt de jure. It makes no
difference whether that government was right-
ful or wrongful, the' confederate government
