1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
was in fact a government. It bad its execu-
tive, its judicial, and itslegislativedepartments.
It exercised authority. It had its courts open ;
it had its juries ; and it had its military laws,
which had much force and much stringency in
the execution of all its purposes.
It was war; there is no question about that.
But, sir, it was not exactly war between two
nations foreign to each other. It was not
exactly such a war as might occur between
England and France, or between any other two
European Powers. It was a war in the sense
in which there may be war in a State, as the
Senator from Wisconsin showed us by the
judicial decision of some of our courts, the
precise decision I do not exactly recollect. It
was, however, to the effect that where a portion
of the citizens of a State resist the government
of the State, take up arms to resist it, and the
government of that State arm men to put down
the insurrection, that is war in the State. It
is war on the part of the State authorities proper
against the insurrectionary forces that have
arms, and I suppose the Senator would say that
all the rules and the consequences and sur-
roundings of the usages of war should be appli-
cable to that case; and that if property were
destroyed under those circumstances, whether
it should be paid for by the State would depend
upon the rules of war between two nations
foreign to each other. That would be the case
of a war inside of a State, a war carried on by
the authorities of the State against its insur-
rectionary or insurgent citizens. Now, admit
that that is war in the broad sense assumed by
the Senator from Wisconsin—and I concede
it—it is exactly the case of the rebellion of
1SG1 and the condition of the United States
from that time up to 1865. Whatever would
be applicable to that condition of things in a
State would be applicable to the condition of
things during the rebellion in this whole nation.
It is precisely the same case ; the same rules
apply, and no more than the same rules.
Now, I would ask this question : suppose,
in the operations of a military character con-
ducted by the State authorities, in such a case
they should take for the use of the State prop-
erty belonging not to an insurgent citizen, but
to a citizen who was in sympathy and in co-
operation with the Government itself? That
would not be taking the property of an enemy ;
that would be taking the property of a friend.
The difference between such a war as we con-
ducted during the rebellion and such a war as
might occur in a State under the decision read
by the Senator from Wisconsin is one thing,
but it is not, so far as the payment for prop-
erty is concerned and the treatment of the
citizens of that territory, just such a war as
might occur between two distinct and inde-
pendent countries.
Mr. President, I regard this matter in a
more serious light than the Senator from Wis-
consin did. What was the condition of the
country? There were many men in the insur-
gent States who not only sympathized with the
Government of the Union, and never forfeited
their allegiance to it, but who took up arms
and went into the ranks of the Union Army,
leaving their families and their property at
home. Would you say that property was the
property of an enemy? It cannot be so. The
same rules that would apply to an enemy's
property in an enemy's country could not apply
to the property of those men. Why, sir, in
the very county in which I reside there were
two full companies with their officers sent from
among my neighbors to the Union Army, who
left their families and their property in my
immediate vicinity. I am knowing to that
fact. They fought till the war ended, and
what was left of them returned to their homes,
and many of them to find their property par-
tially destroyed, and destroyed not only by the
rebel forces but by the forces of the Govern-
ment, and in some instances destroyed by an
expedition of which they themselves were a
constituent part, and in which they rendered
distinguished service.
Mr. President, in case of insurrection or
rebellion it is very important that the Govern-
ment should adopt such principles, and should
so act as to challenge, if possible, the support
of every citizen who is at all disposed to sup-
port the rightful authority. And that is one
reason why Governments must act differently
in cases of such wars as we had during the
late rebellion, and wars where they send their
armiesintoan enemy's territory proper. Why,
sir, what would be the condition of men in
an insurrectionary district if the Government
which they were laboring to sustain could with
impunity take their property and not be liable
to pay for it? By going against that particu-
lar section or district of country they make
themselves especially obnoxious to those who
are in insurrection or rebellion ; they put their
property not only at the mercy of the insur-
rectionary forces, but they put it into a position
where it is liable, as a mere act of vengeance,
to be destroyed by the insurrectionary forces.
If, then, when the forces of the Government
which they are sustaining come there and take
possession of it, they are not to be paid for it
as citizens would be paid in another section
where there is no rebellion at all, they are in
a most unfortunate situation surely. Is that
practice on the part of the Government of the
United States any encouragement for men to
resist rebellion, any encouragement for men
to be loyal when disloyalty has control around
them ?
I merely submit that remark in reply to the
Senator from Wisconsin, because I do notihink
that it is without bearing upon the present con-
dition of this country. It has nothing to do
with t.lie ease before us exactly, but it was
brought in, and I hope 1 may be excused for
referring to it. I do not think that the condi-
tion of this nation now, that the condition of
things and the appearance of things in the late
insurrectionary States are such, as to make this
Government entirely sale in assuming any
position which would seem to make no dis-
tinction between those who, in the gigantic
rebellion from which we have lately escaped,
were loyal and true to the flag of their country,
and those who raised their arm to strike it
down. I think, sir, that citizens ought not to
be placed in such a position that, should a
rebellion occur hereafter, it would be a matter
of absolute necessity for every man to take part
in the rebellion in order to have any chance
of security or justice from any source, because,
unless a man took part in the rebellion against
his Government, he could not expect to have
friends anywhere at all. I submit that as a
question of policy.
Mr. President, my views upon the case of
Dr. Best are that, from the time the fort at
Paducah was established, the destruction of
his property was rendered necessary and indis-
pensable, that it was, in fact, destroyed from
that time by a deliberate act of the Govern-
ment, and that it ought to be paid for just as
much as if that house had been inclosed within
the walls of that fort, because it was literally
impossible for that fort to be defended with-
out the destruction of that house. The report
states that the gunners in the fortwere picked
off from the windows of the house, and that
there was no way to defend the fort except to
destroy the house. If there was no way to
defend it except by destroying the house in
1804, when it was attacked, there was no way
to defend it in 1861 exceptto destroy the house
when the fort was located.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my honorable
friend a question?
Mr. POOL. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask whether there was
any way to defend the house or the town with-
out having the fort? The Senator says you
could not defend the fort without destroying
the house. I ask, could you have saved the
house but for having the fort there or an army
there?
Mr. POOL. I do not know enough about
military affairs to say, but I would venture this
military opinion: that if that fort had been sit-
uated on the other side of the town, about five
miles distant from this house, the rebels would
have been drawn off from the house, and it
would have been saved.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But what about the man's
house over there?
Mr. POOL. Pull down the man's house
over there if it was in the way and pay for it,
just as this house ought to have been taken
down and paid for, or put the fort where there
was no house that must be destroyed in order
to defend it. If the country was so thickly
settled as not to allow this latter expedient
to be resorted to, it was the misfortune of the
Government that it could not properly locate
the fort without endangering or destroying
citizens' property deliberately and being com-
pelled to pay for it.
I observe, Mr. President, that the commit-
tee's report (and I close my remarks by call-
ing the special attention of the Senate to it)
says:
" Complainant's house, a very large, high-posted,
three-story brick one, of solid walls, overlooked the
fort, and proved in this battle a great fortress for the
enemy, and Colonel Hicks regarded its destruction
essential to the safety of his command."
o ^ Jf A X sj:
"The fort was built, as it were, under the shadow
of the claimant's house, rendering the destruction
of the house necessary, as the event proved.''
If we take that to be true, this claimant
ought to have been paid for his house in 1861 ;
and, with due deference to those who know
more about military affairs, I look upon it as
a great military oversight that this bouse was
not pulled down and destroyed before the enemy
made their appearance. If that had been done
the lives of those poorgimners who were picked
off by sharp-shooters from the windows of the
house during the battle would have been saved
in all probability, and in all probability the
enemy would not have made an attack on the
fort if it had not been for this great fortress of
a house, which enabled them to pick off the gun-
ners, because just as soon as the house was
destroyed the enemy withdrew. It was an over-
sight on the part of the military authorities not
to have destroyed the house long before. Its
destruction was necessary in order to defend
the fort. When our troops came to defend the
fort the house was then destroyed as a matter
absolutely necessary to protect our soldiers in
it, and having been destroyed, whether in bat-
tle or not in battle, the claimant ought to be
paid. The fact whether it was done in battle
or not in battle makes no difference. The
instance in which the property of a private citi-
zen must be paid for when destroyed in actual
battle is this: where the Government has de-
liberately taken the property when safe, or has
by any act of its own made property which was
safeunsafeand its preservationdependentupon
the result of battle. That was the case of Har-
mony vs. Mitchell. When you take property
from a place of safety and carry it into a battle
by order of the Government, if that property is
destroyed in battle the Government must pay
for it, if it is destroyed by the enemy the Gov-
ernment must pay for it. That is the case
in which Government must pay for property
destroyed in actual battle.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I thought I
had closed this case yesterday. I want to close
it once more to-day. 1 cannot afford very well
to let this matter go to a vote without some
attention be paid to the remarks which have
just been made by the Senator from Vertnoiit,
[Mr. Edmunds. J And in passing I will make
one remark in reply to the observations sub-
mitted yesterday by my colleague, [Mr. Cab-
pexter, J which I ought to have made, perhaps,
i when I was on the floor yesterday. He argued
! at great length and with his usual ability that
!l this was a public war, or at least a war in which
