1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1753
table No. 2. for six additional works not yet com-
menced. Should these be commenced daring' the
present season, and no appropriations be made for
new works, there will be twelve works not com-
pleted on the 1st day of January nextagainst nine-
teen on the 1st January, 1870.
It is desirable to limit the number of new works
to be undertaken the present year to five, and in any
event. I think it should not exceed seven.
I renew the recommendation I have heretofore
made, that with each appropriation for a new work
should be a provision limiting the amount to be ex-
S ended. This being done, it will bo the duty of the
'epartment to cause plans to be prepared and esti-
mates to be made by responsible persons, so tbatthe
cost of the works shall be brought within the limit3
prescribed by law.
Very respectfully, GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
Spetuc.er oj the House of Representatives.
No. 1.—List of buildings now being constructed under
the supervision of this Department, with their char"
acter and location.
Custom-house, post office, &c., Astoria, Oregon.
Custom-house, post office, <fcc., Portland, Maine.
Custom-house, post offiee, United States court, See.,
Cairo, Illinois.
Custom-house, post office, United Statescourt, &c„
Portland. Oregon.
Custom-house, post office. United States land office,
&c.. St. Paul, Minnesota.
United States court and post office, Madison, "Wis-
consin.
United States court and post office, Des Moines,
Iowa.
United States court and post office, NewYorkcity,
New York.
United States court and post office, Portland,
Maine.
Post office and sub-Treasury, Boston, Massachu-
setts.
Marine hospital, Chicago, Illinois.
Branch mint, San Francisco, California.
Branch mint. Dalles City, Oregon.
Appraisers'stores, Philadelphia. Pennsylvania.
Sea-wall of barge office, New York city, New York.
Custom-house, post office, &c., 1
Wiscasset, Maine;
Custom-house. United States
court, post office. Sec., Ogdens-
burg, New York;
Extension to United States
court, post office, &c., Bangor, completed.
Maine;
United States court and post
office. Springfield, Illinois.
iVo. 2.—Buildings for which appropriations have been
made and work on which has not yet-been commenced.
Custom-house, United States court, post office, &c.,
Knoxville. Tennessee.
Custom-house, United States court, post office, &c.,
Machias, Maine.
Custom-house,United States court,post office, <fce.,
Nashville, Tennessee.
United States courtandpostofliee, Columbia, South
Carolina.
United States court and post office, Omaha, Ne-
braska.
Assay office, Boisl City, Idaho.
No. 3.—List of applications which have been made for
public buildings, with their use and location.
Custom-house, United States court, post office, &c.,
Albany. New York.
Custom-house, United States court, post office, &c.,
Erie, Pennsylvania.
Custom-house, United States court, post office, &c.,
Paducah, Kentucky.
Custom-house, United States court, post office, &c.,
Paikersburg, West Virginia.
Custom-house, United States court, post office. &c.,
Quincy, Illinois.
Custom-house, United States court,post office, &c.,
"Wilmington, North Carolina.
United States court-house, post office, &c.. Grand
Rapids. Michigan.
United States court-house, post office, <fcc., Hart-
ford', Connecticut.
United States court-house, post office, &c.. Jeffer-
son City, Missouri.
United States court-house, post office, &c., Kansas
City, Missouri,
United States court-house, post office, &e„ Little
Rock. Arkansas.
United States court-house, post office, &c,, Raleigh,
North Carolina.
United States court-house, post office, &c., St.
Joseph, Missouri.
United Statescourt-house, post office, &c., St. Louis,
Missouri.
Extensions.
Extension of custom-bouse, &c., Cleveland, Ohio.
Extension of custom-house, &c., Iudianapolis,
Indiana,  
Letter from ihc Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to
the resolution of the House of Vein uary 1S70, in
relation to the erection of a unliable building nt
Paducah, Kentucky, for the accommodation of the
United Stales courts, post office, internal revenue,
customs, and other offices of the Government located
in that city.
Treasury Department, Marcho, 1870.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of the following resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, dated February 16,1870, namely :
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, requested to take into consid-
eration the erection of a suitable building at Padu-
cah, Kentucky, for the accommodation of the United
States courts, post office, internal revenue, customs,
and other offices of the Government located in that
city, and to report to this House his views in regard
thereto, with such recommendations as he may
deem proper, together with estimates of the cost of
the building/'
In reply thereto I transmit herewith a report of
the supervising architect on the subject, which I
submit to the House without specific recommenda-
tions, having previously expressed my views in
regard to the erection of public buildings at the
present time in a communication to the House dated
February 12,1870.
Very respectfully. GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary,
Hon. Jamks G. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives*
Treasury Department,
Office of Supervising Architect,
March 2, 1870.
Sir: In accordance with your instructions I have
the honor to submit the following report on the
question of erecting a building at Paducab, Ken-
tucky, for the accommodation of the United States
courts, post office, internal revenue, and other offices
of the Government located in that city.
The city of Paducah contains a population of be-
tween twelve and fifteen thousand inhabitants, and
is a point of considerable commercial importance,
controlling as it does the navigation of the Tennes-
see river, and will probably continue to be one of
the most important commercial cities of Kentucky.
The revenues collected from various sources at
this city amount in the aggregate to nearly one hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand dollars ajjnually, and
will doubtless continue to increase.
There is no fire-proof building in the city, and the
various offices of the Government are now located
in rented buildings, at a cost of $325 per annum.
The records are, therefore, constantly exposed to
destruction by fire, and their loss would undoubtedly
be a source of some embarrassment to the Govern-
ment.
A fire-proof building of sufficient capacity to ac-
commodate all the public offices in that city could
be erected for say $200,000: butshould it be deemed
desirableto authorizeits commencement at this time
an appropriation of $50,000 would be ample for the
present.
Very respectfully, A. B. MULLETT,
Supervising Architect.
Hon. George S. Boutwelt,,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
reports of the supervising architect, relative to the erec-
tion of public buddings at Erie, Pennthjlvania.; Ral-
eigh, North Carolina; Grand Rapids, Michigan; and
other places.
Treasury Department.
February 12, 1870.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit herewith reports
of the supervising architect of this Department,
upon various resolutions of the House of Represent-
atives, in regard to the erection of public buildings
at the following named places, viz: Erie, Pennsyl-
vania; Kansas City, Missouri; Raleigh. North Car-
olina; Quincy, Illinois; Grand Rapids. Michi-
gan ; Jefferson City. Missouri; St. Joseph, Missouri;
Albany, New York; Hartford, Connecticut. Aiso, as
to the extension of the buildings already erected at
Cleveland, Ohio, and Indianapolis, Indiana.
In submitting these reports of the supervising
architect I abstain Irom making any specific recom-
mendations.
It is evident, however, that only a small number
of new works can be undertaken the present year
without burdening the Treasury, nor without im-
posing upon the office of supervising architect an
amount oflabor which will require additional force
for its performance.
I especially urge upon Congress the importance of
limiting the cost of each building in the act author-
izing its commencement. This being done, I shall
require the plans and estimates to be so prepared as
to secure the completion of the work within the
limitation fixed by Congress.
Very respectfully, GEO. S. BOUTWELL.
Secretary.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Treasury Department,
Office of Supervising Architect;
January 11, 1870.
Sir: In accordance with your instructions, I have
carefully considered the various questions contained
in the resolution of the House of Representatives,
dated December 11.1869, in regard jo the erection ot
a suitable building in thecity of Erie, Pennsylvania,
for the accommodation of the United btates courts,
internal revenue offices, and post office; and have the
honor to report that the presentcustom-house build-
ing m that city is occupied bythe collector ot cus-
toms and collector of internal revenue, and is entirely
inadequate to accommodate any other branches of
public service. It was originally built for one of the
branches of the United States Bank, ami was pur-
chased by the Government, August 2, lb-*9, tor the ■
sum of 120,000. The building, though well arranged j
for a banking-house, is not well adapted for the wants ii
of the Government. Efforts have been made from
time to time to accommodate theconstantly increas-
ing business by ehangmg the interior arrangement
until it is believed no iurther relief can be afforded
in that manner, and, in my opinion, the only way in
which the necessary accommodations can be pro-
vided is by the erection of suitable fire-pi oof build-
ing of adequate size for the purpose. In the opiniou
of good judges of the value of real estate in Erie, the
present custom-house (which is located in the busi-
ness center of the city) could be sold lor a sura that
would go far toward the erection of another building.
There is no doubt as to the necessity for a new
building, and I would strongly recommend that
measures be taken to that end at the earliest prac-
ticable moment.
A building of the kind required to meet the pres-
ent and prospective wants ot'the city would cost not
less than $250,000, but in my opinion the interests of
the Government would be promoted by such an
expenditure.
Very respectfully, A. B. MULLETT,
Supervising Architect,
Hon. George S. Boutwell,
Secretary o) the Treasury.
Treasury Department,
Office of Supervising Architect,
January lit 1S70.
Sir: In accordance with your instructions, I have
carefully considered the various questions arising
under the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives, dated December 20,1809, in regard to the erec-
tion of a building tor the accommodation of the Uni-
ted States courts, post office, internal revenue, and
other offices of the Government in thecity of Raleigh,
North Carolina, and have the honor to report that
the Government has no public building in Raleigh,
neither can suitable accommodations be rented for
the purposes'mentioned.
The necessity for a building of the kind indicated
has been Jon? felt, and in March, 1857, an appropri-
ation of £50.(XX) was made to commence its erection.
Some difficulties aroso in determining the location,
and consequently a site was not purchased until
August 17,1860, when an eligible lot near the business
center ot the city was* secured for $7,700, and arrange-
ments made to proceed with the building. The war
prevented any further action being taken, and, in
accordance with the provisions of law, the balance
of the appropiiatiomvas carried to the surplus fund.
I have frequently urged the poliey of providing
suitable fire-proof structures io all our important
cities tor the preservation of the public archives and
for tho proper transaction of the public business.
The valuable character of these records, especially
those of the United States courts and revenue depart -
meuts, renders this course highly desirable, as their
destruction would undoubtedly involve both the
Government and individuals in serious litigations
and loss.
It appears to me that Raleigh, being the capital of
the State of North Carolina, is entitled to particular
consideration in this regard, more especially as the
more important buildings of the city were destroyed
during the war.
I am also advised that there is a fine quarry of
superior building stone within ashortdistanceofthe
lot owned by the Government, from which stock for
the proposedstructure could be procured at a merely
nominal cost. As this is one ot the principal items
in the construction of the building, quite a saving
could be effected thereby, and employment given to
a large number of deserving mechanics and laborers.
A building of the description indicated, and of
sufficient size to accommodate all the wants of the
Government in the city of Raleigh, could not be
erected for much less than the sum of $250,000.
I would therefore recommend that an appropria-
tion of $100,000 be obtained of Congress during the
present session.
Very respectfully, A. B. MULLETT,
Supervising Architect.
Hon. Geo. S. Boutwell,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Treasury Department,
Office of Supervising Architect,
January 11, 1870.
Sir : In accordance with your instructions, I have
carefully considered the various questions arising
under the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives, dated December 13, 1869, in regard to the erec-
tion of a suitable building for the accommodation
of the post office, United States courts, internal rev-
enue, and other officers of the Government located
at Grand Rapids, Michigan, and have the honor to
report that the United States has no building for
these purposes in that city, and only two public
buildings in the State of Michigan—one a marine
hospital—which are located at Detroit, on its extreme
eastern border. I am advised that no suitable ac-
commodations can be obtained at Grand Rapids for
the use of the United States courts, and that the
sessions are held at much inconvenience. The post
office and internal revenue office are provided for
in rented buildings, for which an annual rental of
$800 and $850, respectively, is p.Tid. Neither of these
offices are located in tire-proof buildings, a consid-
eration. in my opinion, of prime importance. The
extension of the postal moriey-ordersystem renders
the contents of the mails yearly more valuable.
Tho recoids ot the courts and internal revenue offi-
ces aie constantly increasing in value, and their
destruction would prove a source of great embar-
rassment, and loss, both to the Government and to
individuals. It appears to me, therefore, that tho
interests of the Government would be promoted by
