1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1141
Senate bill which is on the Calendar and con-
sider it.j tut if the Senator desires to examine
the case, of course I will not insist upon that.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to state to
the Senator from Vermont in one word just
how this case arose.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the bill be laid aside
informally, and the two Senators can confer
with each other about it, and then it can be
called up again and acted upon.
Mr. EDilUNDS. Not informally. Let it
be laid aside.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
madison and portage city railroad.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 003.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 603) to extend the time for completing a
railroad between Madison and Portage City,
and giving construction to the actsof Congress
granting lands to the State of Wisconsin to
aid in building railroads, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The bill proposes
to extend the time for completing that portion
of the railroad extending from Madison, in the
State of Wisconsin, by the way of Portage
City, to St. Croix river or lake, and thence
to the west end of Lake Superior and to Bay-
field, which lies between Madison and Portage
City, for the period of three years from its
passage, and if the quantity of public lands
granted by the act to aid in the construction
of that portion of the road extending from
Madison to Portage City shall not be found on
the line, by reason of prior sales or settlements
by preemption, then it is to be lawful for the
State of Wisconsin to make up any such defi-
ciency from the vacant odd-numbered sections
falling within the indemnity limits ofthe grant
for the branch road from St. Croix lake to
Superior and Bayfield ; bat nothing in the act
is to be construed to impair or reduce in any
manner the quantity of the grant for the branch
road. All lands are to be conveyed by patent
to the State upon the same terms and condi-
tions as are contained in the act granting lands
to the State approved June 3, 1856, and the
deficiencies and indemnities made up, as the
building of the road from Madison to Portage
progresses, from any lands to which the State
may be entitled, within the indemnity limits.
The Committee on Public Lands report the
bill with an amendment, to add after the words
"indemnity limits." at the end of the bill, the
words " of the grants aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I move further to amend
the bill in line eight by striking out the words
"three years" and inserting "one year," so
as to give them only one year longer.
Mr. V1CKERS. Will a single objection
carry this bill over?
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. A single
objection will not carry it over.
Mr. VICKERS. 1 understand it is for a
new grant of land.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
to hear an explanation of the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Howe] will explain the bill, as
he understands it as well as the committee
and knows all about it.
Mr. HOWE. In 1856 grants of land were
made to the State of Wisconsin to buildaroad
from Madison to Portage City, from Portage
City to Hudson, from Hudson two branches,
one running to Superior, on Lake Superior,
and the other to Bayfield, on Lake Superior.
The State has divided that work up between
different companies. One company has built
from Portage on to a town called Toma; an-
other is building from Toma to Hudson. The
line from Hudson to Lake Superior belongs
to another company. The line from Madison
to Portage, which is the line spoken of here,
belongs to another company. The time within
which the whole road was to he completed
has expired. The company which was to build
from Madison to Portage has been delayed in
its work. It was a portion of the line on which
there were no public lands. Within the past
year, however, the company has been to work,
and has actually completed the road, so that
cars are now running between Madison and
Portage. When this bill was introduced it was
supposed that it would require three years in
which to build the road, but they have actu-
ally already constructed it while the bill has
been pending here, and this bill is to give them
precisely the same right to the surplus lands—
the indemnity lands on the upper end of the
road—that they would have had if they had
completed the road within the time specified
in the original act. That is the whole of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not see
why this time should be extended. Here are
public lands which have been kept out of the
market for fifteen years. I suppose that roads
which might have been entitled to some consid-
eration fifteen years ago in such a State as Wis-
consin would be entitled to none whatever now;
that they do not need any assistance after this
lapse of time, and after population has been
pouring in, as it has for years. Now it is
proposed that we shall give this railroad com-
pany, after this lapse of fifteen years, the same
amount of land that they would have been
entitled to had they built the road fifteen years
ago. It strikes me that this is an extremely
avaricious proposition. I do not know but
that it may be right, but it does not so strike
me.
Mr. HOWE. The question is whether it is
fair to forfeit the whole grant for the inability,
the neglect of the company to build within the
time specified in the act. It never has been
done in any other case. If it is the right way
to do, then do it; that is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Kansas, to strikeout" three years," in the
eighth line of the bill, and insert "one year."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose that
amendment is simply to enable this company
to grab these lands; for, as I understand the
explanation of the Senator from Wisconsin,
they have already built the road, so that they
do not really require an extension for a single
day, but they do require some act of Congress
to enable them to grab the land.
Mr. POMEROY. The road was not com-
pleted, I believe, when this bill was introduced,
but it is now finished.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then there
is no necessity for the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. But it was not completed
within the time specified, and the question is
whether they shall forfeit the lands because
the road was not completed within that time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then, so far
as the public interest is concerned, the public
have no interest in it, because the road is
already buiIt-
Mr. POMEROY. Is not the company a
part of the public? Has it come to this, that
men wlio build railroads are not a part of the
public?
Mr. EDMUNDS. They seem to have been
the chief part lately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have forgotten some
of the details in reference to this bill, and I
should like the Senator from Wisconsin to
state to us, if he can, how much land the new
grant of this bill, the grant of indemnity lands,
covers ?
Mr. HOWE. There is no new grant.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is a grant of in-
demnity lands.
Mr. HOWE. No: there is no new grant
of indemnity lands. It is to give the company
the same interest in the indemnity lands that
was provided in the grant of 1856, which the
company would have had if the company had
built the road within the time proscribed by
that act.
Mr. CA.SSERLY. I should like to know
from the Senator how much land that will be,
how many acres ?
Mr. HOWE. I cannot tell. I think it is
ten sections to the mile; but I forget how
much.
Mr. CASSERLY. How much in the aggre-
gate, how many thousand acres?
Mr. HOWE. In order to tell that I should
have to know what quantity of lands there is
within the indemnity limits on the branches
running from Hudson to Superior and Hudson
to Bayfield, and then how much is required
for those roads. This bill reserves the quan-
tity which the act provides for building those
branches. Their claim mnst be first satisfied
before anything can be taken under this bill.
They only have the usual quantity; I think
ten sections to a mile. The Senator is on the
Committee on Public Lands and he remem-
bers, I dare say, what the usual quantity of
lands granted to these railroads is; whether
it is ten sections to the mile or twelve.
Mr. CASSERLY. It ranges from ten to
forty, I am sorry to say.
Mr. HOWE. The Pacific railroads are ex-
ceptions: but it is only ten sections for these
railroads within the States.
Mr. CASSERLY. The point that is in my
mind and in reference to which I rise now is
this: I am generally very desirous to leave as
much di&cretion as possible in reference to
such a bill as this to the Senators from the
State, and certainly I know no one to whom
that remark would apply m~>re strongly than to
the Senator from Wisconsin who is now upon
the floor. If he could say that the amount of
land to be affected by this bill was small, I
should not be disposed to offer any amend-
ment. But if any considerable amount of land
is to pass under it, then I certainly think the
amendment in favor of keeping all the lands
so granted open to actual settlement under the
public laws of the UnitedStates, allowing the
railroad to get the benefit of the proceeds,
which the Committee oil Public Lands agreed
upon during ?ae last session, ought to be put
upon this bill. If the Senator from Wisconsin
sees no great ebjeetiou, I should prefer that he
would allow that amendment to be offered. I
am not ready with it now. but will endeavor
to have it so as to offer it at some subsequent
period.
Mr. HOWE. In regard to that amendment,,
I will say to the Senator that I do not suppose
there is any probability ofthe bill passing the
House of Representatives without that amend-
ment being put upon it; but it is reported
here without that amendment, and I should
prefer to have it passed as it is. I really can-
not tell the Senator what amount of lands will
be granted. The line of land that this covers
is just about forty miles. If the grant of land
is ten sections per mile that would be four
hundred sections of land, or as much of four
hundred sections as could be found on the
line of the branches after the grant for those
branches is satisfied. Ten sections a mile, I
think, must first be taken out for the branches,
j and then whatever this covers is takeu only
from the surplus. It is just about four hun-
dred sections.
Mr. CASSERLY. That would be a quarter
of a million acres, and dealing with a body ol
land as large as that, especially when the bill
itself is one of marked indulgence to this enter-
prise, as I think the Senator himself must
admit—an indulgence that none of us hesitate
to extend, however, under the circumstances—
I really think the amendment which I have
spoken of ought to be added to the bill. I
can find it in my papers in a little while, and
I will then offer it.
Mr. POMEROY. If this bill is going to
