1142
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
give rise to considerable debate I shall not
press it.
Mr. CASS&RLY. I have said all that I
intend to say about it; but I shall offer the
amendment, and if it is voted down, of course
the responsibility is with the majority here, and
not with me.
Mr. POMEROY. Has the Senator the
amendment prepared?
Mr. CASSERLY. I can find it, I think, in
a little while, before the bill is disposed of.
M*r. POMEROY. Then we will proceed to
consider another bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
will be passed over informally.
SURVEYS OF GRANTS OF LAND.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
2921.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 2951) to repeal an act entitled "An
act for the survey of grants or claims of
land," approved June 2, 1862, was consid-
ered as in Committee of tlie Whole. It pro-
poses to repeal an act entitled "An act for
the survey of grants or claims of land," ap-
proved June 2, 1862, being chapter ninety of
the acts of the second session of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress of the United States ; but
this repeal is not to affect any rights heretofore
acquired under that act.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to know what
law it is that is thus repealed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state to the Senator
that it is an act which was passed, I presume,
to provide for -some private cases, and it en-
ables private claimants of Mexican land grants,
or under Spanish or French titles, to take a
surveyor and have the land surveyed according
to their directions, and then the law makes
that survey prima facie evidence of the right
of the party to all the land included within the
survey. It has been ascertained that frauds
<;re committed in that way by persons who go
aboutand signify to the surveyor, '• My bound-
aries are here and there," and so.netimes these
surveys include thousands of acres to which
the party is not entitled, and the survey be-
comes, when made, prima facie evidence of
right.
Mr. HARLAN. The explanation is satis-
factory to me.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
KANCHO DEL EIO GRANDS.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1831.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(H. R. No. 1831) to confirm the title to the
Ranclio del Rio Grande, in New Mexico, to
the heirs and legal representatives of the
original grantees thereof, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. The preamble
•recites that on the 4th of February, 1795, the
Government of Spain granted a certain tract
of land, situated in what is now the Territory
of New Mexico, and known as the Rancho del
Rio Grande, to Jose Mirabal, Antonio Fer-
nandez, Conception Romero, Bentura Romero,
Julian Romero, Mariano Romero, Antonio
Fresqui, Jose Antonio Gonzales, and Maria
Romero and Catarina Romero, in common ;
that the title so granted was, on the 20th
of April, 1837, affirmed and recognized by
the legally constituted authorities of the Gov-
ernment of Mexico, to whom the Territory
of New Mexico then belonged; and that in
the treaty between that Government and the
United States, by which the Territory was
ceded to the latter, the United States stip-
ulated to guaranty to the inhabitants of the
Territory the property held by them under
the laws of their former Government: there-
.fore the bill proposes that the United States
quit claim to and confirm the title of the
heirs srnd legal representatives of Jose Mira-
bal, Antonio Fernandez, Conception Romero,
Bentura Romero, Julian Romero, Mariano
Romero, Antonio Fresqui, Jos6 Antonio Gon-
zales, Maria Romero, and Catarina Romero,
to the tract of land known as the Rancho del
Rio Grande, in the Territory of New Mexico,
and bounded as follows: on the south by the
ridge of Bear mountain ; on the west by the
Canada, or valley of Miranda, and the road
described in their original grant as leading to
Pueblo Picoris; on the east by the ridge of
the mountain of the river Don Fernando, and
on the north by the boundaries of Don Manuel
Montes Vigil, to hold the same to them and
their heirs and assigns under and according to
the terms of their original grant from the Gov-
ernment of Spain. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior is to direct the surveyor general of the
Territory of New Mexico to ascertain and fix,
by actual survey, the boundaries of this tract
of land as soon as practicable; and upon such
survey being returned to the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, a patent for the land
is to be issued to the heirs and legal represent-
atives of the parties named.
The Committee on Private Land Claims re-
ported the bill with an amendment, to add at
the end of the second section the following
proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein shali be construed
to affect tho rights of bona jide actual settlers upon
said land under the laws of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to know
something about that grant, what the size of
it is, and why these parties have not been able
to acquire possession during the long period
that has transpired from 1837 to 1871.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is a very elaborate
House report on this case accompanying the
bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I will not take the time of
the Senate to have the report read. I sup-
posed the honorable Senator could state briefly
the character of the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that these
parties have been in possession of a portion
'of this claim all the time, and they simply ask
to have the United States relinquish or quit-
claim its title "to the land to which they have
established a title under the Spanish Govern-
ment. The committee have examined the evi-
dence submitted, and feel satisfied that these
people have a title. The Legislative Assem-
bly of New Mexico have memorialized Con-
gress in favor of this claim. To avoid all
possible injury to anybody the Committee on
Private Land Claims have reported an amend-
ment providing that the confirmation of this
claim shall not affect the rights of settlers
under the laws of the United States. That
was omitted from the bill as it came from the
House. It was the opinion of the Committee
on Private Land Claims that any rights of that
kind existing on this land should be saved by
this act. But it was found upon examination
that the title to this land was a good title,
recognized by the laws and usages of Mexico,
and it appeared to be in conformity with the
wishes of the people in the Territory of New
Mexico, as well as in accordance with the wish
of the Delegate from the Territory, to have
this claim confirmed. The particulars, some
of which have passed out of my mind now,
are all embraced in the report, which goes
into the whole matter in detail and shows the
justice of this claim. I think there is nothing
wrong about it, as far as I can judge.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
BLESSINGTON RUTLEDGE.
Mr. WILLIAMS, I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 548.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 548) for the relief of Blessington Rut-
ledge was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to cause a patent to be
issued to Blessington Rutledge for that certain
tract of land known on the maps of the Com-
missioner's office as "notification No. 6534,'
Levi Linder," claim No. 42 in section thirty.,
six, township eighteen south, range two west,
and claim No. 30 in section one, township nine-
teen south, range two west of the Willamette
meridian, in the State of Oregon, containing
three hundred and twenty and twenty-five
hundredths acres, upon proof of four years'
residence as required by the donation law,
being furnished by him to the register of the
land office at Roseburg, Oregon.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
OREGON DONATION LAW.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 1137.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 1137) to extend the benefits of the dona-
tion law of September 27, 1850, to certain
persons was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to declare all persona
who, at the time of settlement, possessed the
qualifications prescribed in the fourth and fifth
sections of an act to create the office of sur-
veyor general of the public lands in Oregon,
and to provide for the survey and to make
donations to settlers of tho said public lands,
approved September 27, 1850, and who made
bona fide settlement upon the lands claimed
by the Puget Sound Agricultural Company, in
Washington Territory, within the time limited
for settlement by that act and the amendments
thereto, to be entitled to all the privileges and
benefits of that act and amendments. The
rights and privileges of heirs and assigns under
the donation law and the amendments thereto
are also extended to the heirs and assigns of
the settlers named in this act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed
GREAT SALT LAKE AND COLORADO RAILWAY.
Mr. POMEROY. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 1154, to incorporate the Great Salt Lake
and Colorado River Railway Company, and to
aid in the construction of its road, and for
other purposes.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objec-
tion being made, that bill is before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. There is a written report
connected with this bill which I shali ask to
have read, and then I shall say no more about
the bill. It is for a railroad through a de-
serted portion of the country leading from
Salt Lake to the Colorado river. Several
large mines have been opened there, and tho
population of that region of country say they
cannot develop those mines without this road,
and they think it will facilitate emigration to
Salt Lake, which is most desirable.
Ihe Chief Clerk read the bill. It proposes
to create and erect Alexander 11. Baldwin,
Theodore E. Baugh, G. P. C. Stebbins, James
Morgan, J. J. Chapman, John R. Hall, Albert
Reichman, N. B. Bryant. J. W. Olemment,
Silas Woods, and such other persons as may
be associated with them, and their successors,
a body corporate and politic, in deed and in
law, by the name, stj'le, and title of the Great
Salt Lake and Colorado River Railway Com-
pany, with the usual powers of such a cor-
poration._ The capital stock of the company
is to consist of one hundred and fifty thousand
shares of $100 each.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will now report the amendments reported
by the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the chairman of the
committee has no objection, as this bill may
lead to some discussion, I should like, with
