1754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
the erection of suitable fire-proof buildings for the
security of those important records, and I rospect-
fully recommend that an appropriation be made for
this purpose,
A building of the character indicated, of sufficient
size to accommodate the wants of the public service,
iu^the city of Grand Rapids, wouldco*tnot less than
&250 000, but an appropriation of $100,000 would be
ample for the present.
I inclose a letter from the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, giving a statement of the internal
revenue cases before the United States courts at
Grand Rapids, from which it will beseen thata much
larger amount of business of that kind is transacted
there than in the eastern district of the State. I am
aUo advised that the entire business of the city is
rapidly increasing, and thepresent accommodations
for the various offices, interior as they are, will soon
be entirely inadequate for the transaction of the
public business. I may add that Grand Rapids is the
second city in the State.
Very respectfully. A. B. MULLETT,
Supervising Architect.
Hon. George S. Boutwell,
/Secretary of the Treasury.
Treasury Department,
Office of Internal Revenue.
Washington, JanuaiyQ, 1870.
Sir: In reply to the inquiry made in your letter
of the 3d.instant, I have to say that during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1869. eightv-six internal reve-
nue eases of all kinds were commenced in the United
States court* for the eastern district of Michigan;
seventy-six eases were tried during this time, two
settled or dismissed, and twenty-nine were pending
J uly 1, 1860, as appears from the reports of the Uni-
ted States attorney for that district, on filo in this
office.
Tue reports of the United States attorney for the
western district of that State show within the same
peiiod one hundred and nine internal revenue cases
commenced in that district, forty tried, thirty-six
settled, dismissed, or disposed of by being consoli-
dated with other cases, and thirty-three were pend-
ing July 1,1869.
I am unable to give you an accurate statement of
the business done m these districts for the last six
months of 1869, sufficient reports from the United
Sutes attorneys covering that period not having
yet been received.
Very respectfully, C. DELANO,
Commissioner.
Hon. A B. Mullett, Supervising Architect Treasury
Department, Washington.
Treasury Department,
Office of Supervising Architect,
January II, 1870.
Sir: In accordance with your instructions, I have
carefully consider4 d the vai ious questionseontained
lP to? resolution of the House ot Representatives,
dated December 13.1869, in legard to the erection ot
a suitable building m the city of St. Joseph, in the
State of Missouri, to accommodate the post office,
united States courts, and other Government offices
located there, and have the honor to report that the
Department is advised that no suitable  ccommoda-
tions can bo obtained for tho«e purposes in that city,
and that the rapidly advancing business yearly in-
creases the difficulty. It is also to be considered
that no fire-proof building can be rented for public
uses at any price, and the valuable records of the
courts and o her departments of the Government
aro in continual danger from fire.
St. Joseph is arapidly growing city, the second in
size and importance in the State, and located as it
is directly in the line of terriiory so largely influ-
enced by the opening of the various transconti-
nental railroads, and in a fertile and prosperous
country, must continue to increase in importance.
It may not bp improper for me to call attention to
the fact that the United States has at present but
one building used as a custom-house, post office, or
court-house in the State of Missouri, the solitary
exception being the custom-house at St. Louis, whicn
is entirely unfit lor the purposes for which it is used.
I am of the opinion that the interests of the Gov-
ernment would be promoted by the erection of a
suitable fire-proof building of sufficient capacity to
accommodate the courts, post office, and other offi-
cers of the Government in the city of St. Joseph. I
am advised that the citizens are willing to give a
valuable and-iuitable lot, and would recommend that
authority be obtained from Congress to accept this
donation.
A suitable fire-proof building would cost from two
hundred to two hundred and fifty thorn-and dollars,
but the sum ot $100,000 would bean ample appropiia-
tion for the present.
Very respectfully, A. B. MULLETT,
TT „ „ _ Supervising Architect.
Hon. George S. Boutwell,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Treasury Department,
Office of Supervising Architect,
January 11, 1870.
Sir: In accordance with your instructions, [have
carefully considered the various questions con tained
in the resolution of the House ot Representatives,
dated December 13, 1869, in regard to the erec-
tion of a public building in the city of Hartford,
Connecticut, for the accommodation of the United
btates courts, post officc. and other Government
otlices located in rh-it city, and have the honor to
report that there is in that city no suitable building
tuat can oe obtained for the purposes mentioned;
that the post office occupies at present a build-
ing entirely unfit for the purpose, incoevonicnt for
the public, and particularly exposed to danger by
fire, which, when the immense pecuniary transac-
tions of the various insurance companies of that
city, whose business is mainly transacted through
the mails, is considered, the risk will appear in its
true light. It is scarcely probable that the post
office could be destroyed byfiro without involving a
greater loss than the cost of a suitable building. In
addition I may add that there is no suitable building
that cau be obtained for the use of theUnited States
courts, and that the revenue departments of the
Government are wholly unprovided for. I believe
that the necessity for a suitable building is urgent,
and that tho interests ofthe Government would best
be subserved by erecting fire-proof buildings with-
out delay.
I am informed by the Governor of the State and
the mayor ofthe city that it is probable that a beau-
tiful and valuable piece of property immediately
adjoining the State-House would be donated by the
city. Should this be done I can see no good ground
for delaying this much-needed public improvement.
ido not think a building of suitable size and con-
struction can be erected for less than $3J0,0J0, and
cannot too strongly recommend that an appropria-
tion of $100,000 be obtained for the commencement of
the work, provided that a suitable site is donated
to the Government by the city or citizens of Hart-
ford.
Very respectfully, A. B. MULLETT,
Supervising Architect.
Hon* George S. Boutwell,
Secretai y of the Treasury.
P. S.-~I also inclose a letter from the postmaster,
E. W. Whitakcr, esq.,.and fully indorse the state-
ments made by him. They do notoverstate the case
in any particular.
A. B. MULLETT,
Supervising Architect.
Post Office, Hartford, Connecticut,
January 14,1870.
My Dear Sir: But a word on the necessity of a
new post office building in this city.
1. The Government has no building in this city.
2. This officc is a first-class one. and is a distribu-
tion, draft, deposit, and deposit money-order oUice,
3. The business in money-order branch and regis-
ter business is increasing one hundred per cent, a
year.
4. The present office is located in a largo private
block of buildings, in a narrow, long space, which is
dark and every way inconvenient, and affords not
one halt tho space actually needed for the perform -
ance of the present work of the office.
5. The danger of fire is great, and the building
does not afford safe arrangements for preservation
of the books an'd papers ofthe office.
6. The building is occupied and owned in part
by the Hartford Evening Times, one ot the most
bitter Democratic sheets in the country.
I hope to su^you personally early.
Yours, very truly,
„ 4 „ E. W. WHITAKER.
Mr. A. B. Mullett.
Treasury Department.
Office of Supervising Architect,
January 19, 1870.
# Sir: In accordance with your instructions, I have
investigated, as far as practicable without a per-
sonal visit, the question of erecting a building for
the accommodation of the post office. United States
courts, internal revenue, and other Government offi-
cers located at Kansas City, State of Missouri: and
have to say that, from all the information I can
obtain, I feel confident that the erection of such a
building is extremely desirable, and that no suit-
able accommodations can be procured there for the
use of the Government.
In this connection, I desire to say that probably
for many years to come the only public buildings
that would be needed by the United States in the
State of Missouri will bo at St. Louis, Jefferson
City, Kansas City, and St. Joseph. I am of the opin-
ion that the interests ot the Government would be
subserved by the erection of suitable buildings in
each of those cities as rapidly as a sufficient amount
of money can be appropriated without detriment to
the financial interests of the country. I am not pre-
pared to say, without a personal inspection, in which
locality the needs aro most pressing. I desire, how-
ever, to call attention to the fact that there are at
present but two public buildings in the State,
namely, a custom-nouse and marine hospital, both
located at Sr.. Louis, and both of little value and in
bad condition.
€ It appears to me therefore desirable, as Missouri
is-one of the most important States in the Missis-
sippi valley, and is growing rapidly, to encourage,
as far as practicable, suitable public improvements
in that locality.
I am informed that if authority can be obtained
for the erection of a public building at Kansas City,
a valuable and admirably located piece of property,
worth not less than $25,000, will be donated to the
Government for a site that, if action in the matter
is delayed, would have to be purchased at a heavy
cost. Property is rising rapidly in value in that sec-
tion, and as the lots are built upon it becomes diffi-
cult to obtain a suitable site at any price the Gov-
ernment would pay. ,
Und*T these circumstances, it seems to mo that a
moderate appropriation should be made, sufficient
to enable the Department to accept the lot and com-
mence thccrectionof this building. Asuitablestiuc-
ture could not probably be erected in this city for
loss than one hundred and fifty or two hundred thou-
sand dollars, the cost vaiying, according to thu facil-
ity of procuring proper m aerial.
I would therefore recommend that authority bo
obtained for the Department to aceept the donation
of the lot, and for laying the foundations of (he build-
ing, for which the sum of §50,000 would be ample.
Very respectfully, A. B. MULLETT,
Supervising Architect,
Hon. George 8. Boutweli.,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Treasury Department.
Office of Supervising Architect,
January 25. 1870.
Sir: Ihave.in accordance with your instructions,
carefully examined the question of erecting a suit-
able building at Quinsy, Illinois, for the accom-
modation of the United States courts, ?>ost office,
internal revenue, customs, and other offices-of the
Government located in thatcity, and have the honor
to report as follows :
Quincyisa prosperous and rapidly growing city
of lorty thousand inhabitants loc.ired on the Missis-
sippi river about midway beween Cairo and G-dena,
at the junction of the Hannibal and >t. Joseph and
Quincy aud Chicago railroads. It enjoys a large
river trade, the customs receipts from tt.is source last
required for that branch ofthe
service in this city than in many others of greater
size, from the fact that twenty-four postal clerks
terminate their "runs" here, who are required by
the regulations to prepare their mail matter in the
office, but for want of accommodations they are now
unable to do this, and have to wait until they receive
the mail at the "postal car;" consequently they aro
frequently compelled to take mail by Nation* on the
line of the roads, to be returned on the next train,
which could beavoided if thenecessary accommoda-
tions were provided at Quincy. The inonej-order
business alone has nearly doubled at this office sinco
last July. Tne Government is paying $1,000 per
annum for the present post office rooms, which must
soon be abandoned for want of space ; and new quar-
ters I am informed cannot be secured tor less than
$2,000 per annum, if at all.
The annual rental now paid by the United State3
for all its offices in the city of Quincy is $3,100, the
accommodations being in every case of the most
inconvenient and inferior kind, while the records
and documents, many of them of great value, are
constantly exposed to destruction by lire. I am
advised that a fine lot, eligibly located, can now be
secured at a nominal price; but should action in the
matter be delayed, a suitable site could only be pro-
cured with much difficulty, and ata largely enhanced
price, the demand lor real estate being quite brisk,
and the best pieces of property being rapidly im-
proved. I would therefore urge an early and favor-
able consideration'of the matter, and would recom-
mend the erection of a suitable fire-proof building
in the city of Quincy. of sufficient capacity to accom-
modate the present and prospective needs ot the
public service in thatcity. The cost of such a build-
ing would-be not less than $200,000, but an appiopri-
ation of $50,000 would be ample for the piesent.
Very respectfully, _ J.C.RANKIN,
Acting Supervising Architect.
Hon, George S. Boutwell,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Treasury Department,
Office of Supervising Architect,
February 5, 1870.
Sir : In accordance with your instructions, I have
carefully examined the question of erecting a suit-
able building at Jefferson City, Missouri, for the
accommodation of the United States courts, post
office, internal revenue, and other Government
offices located in that city, and have the honor to
report as follows:
Jefferson City being the capital of the State, the
United States circuit and district courts hold their
most important sessions there. The district courts
continue in session more than three months in the
year, ana the judge, (Hon. Arnold Krekel,) when
not holding court in St. Louis, finds his time fully
occupied by hearings in chambers. At present the
United States courts and clcrks occupy rooms in tho
county court-house, whic'i is neither secure from
fire nor depredations. The judge's chambers are
situate some distance from the court-house, in a
private building, and are neither properly furnished
nor convenient.
The post office, an important one, is not conven-
iently located, and the assessor and collector of
internal revenue are very poorly provided for.
The land office is located at Bonneville, but should
be removed to Jefferson City, and. with its valuable
records, be placed in a fire-proof building.
The Legislature of the State has passed an act
ceding jurisdiction over any property which may
be chosen as a site for a building, and the city has
offered to donate to the Government any block that
may be selected. This offer may be con>idercd a
donation of from ten to fifteen thousand dollars, and
lsVnn Iny option, a most liberal one.
,,,-pke capitals of the neighboring States of Illinois,
W isconsin, Iowa, and Minnesota have recently been
provided with appropriate structures in which to
transact the public business. An appropriation has
also been made for a building at Omaha, Nebraska.
In view of the above-mentioned facts, I would
urge a favorable consideration of the proposal of
