1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
right to take my property when you are figlit-
in<x a battle than when you are not fighting it.
It is not time that authorizes you to take the
thing; there is not any difference in time about
it; but it is manner. When you are fighting
a battle, if you hit me or hit my property
when you are aiming at your enemies, that is
my lookout; it is not yours.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to ask the Senator
if in the very report he has submitted he has
not admitted the contrary to what he now in-
sists upon; if the report does not admit directly
that the damage done to the house by the shot
in battle was not to be paid for. And yet the
Senator says the reverse now, as I understand
him.
Mr. HOWE. Not a bit of it. If Senators
would only hear instead of thinking, they could
not misunderstand me so much. I say that
you have no more right to take my property
■when you are fighting than when you are not
fighting; but if you destroy my property by
the act of fighting your enemy, that being a
lawful act, you are not bound to make me, com-
pensation. Therefore the committee report
that when you are fighting your enemies, they
being in possession of this house, whatever
damage you did then you are not compelled to
pay for. But after the enemy had left, when
you sent a detachment of your own troops out,
took possession of it, and burned it up, that
was your aet; you did it for your security, for
vour good, for your benefit and advantage, and
therefore you should pay for it.
But [ am led off. I commenced by trying
to settle the question whether this property
was taken during a battle or not. I said I did
not think there was any need of our disputing
about a question of fact like that; and I did
say, and I must repeat, in spite of the inform-
ation I have received on this very question,
that I cannot very well conceive of a battle
going on unless somebody is fighting. 1 always
thought that it was of the essence, I may say
of the quintessence of a battle, that somebody
should be fighting.
Mr. CARPENTER. May I interrupt my
colleague once more, and for the last time?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then, according to
the official and historical accounts of Water-
loo, there must have been about six battles of
Waterloo, because there were five or six periods
during that battle when there was a complete
cessation of firing; and firing is fighting and
fighting is firing.
Mr. HOWE. That is true, I think; but that
is not the only mode 
Mr. DAVIS. I should like, with the permis-
sion of the Senator from Wisconsin, to ask his
colleague when the battle at Padueah ceased ?
At what moment of time or hour of time did
it terminate ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I take it that battle
ceased when the rebel forces retired from the
field, and not before. Suppose they had on
the next morning taken possession of that house
and firing had been resumed. If I am right in
saying that that would have been a continuous
battle, then the battle was continuous up to the
time when the rebels abandoned the ground.
I maintain that as long as two opposing forces
are face to face in position to contend, and in-
tending to do so, after a battle has commenced,
that length of time the battle continues in every
legal sense.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Wisconsin yield farther to the Senator
from Kentucky?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I have merely a remark to
make in reply to the Senator last up. My
understanding of a battle is that it is an actual
oppugnancy of force between contending par-
ties) and whenever the force ceases the battle
terminates. In this case the force ceased on
the night of the day previous to the burning
of this house, and it has never been resumed
since.
Mr. HOWE. Yes : I was coming to that.
If I could not compromise with my colleague
as to the duration of the battle of Waterloo,
I did not see why we could not come to terms
as to the duration of the battle of Padueah,
for the battle of Padueah was not renewed
the second day, and, as the Senator from Ken-
tucky has just remarked, the evening before
this house was destroyed, as it appears, the
enemy retired from that engagement, that
particular contest. It will not do to call that
a battle, because, according to my colleague's
notions, I am precluded from doing that.; but
after that fragment of a battle they retired,
and so far as we know there has never been a
shot fired in Padueah from that day to this.
The case does not show that there ever has.
There was not any fired the next Say. There
was no renewal of the strife. So that I think
there is just as much reason for saying that a
battle is going on here in Washington to-day
as for saying that there was a battle going on
in Padueah on the day that this house was
taken; because you know, sir, that several
years ago there was quite a large force moved
up here, and a good deal of firing going on
right in front of Washington. It could be
heard distinctly. A good deal of property was
destroyed ; but the enemy was driven off, re-
tired, and has not been here since. It seems
to me, therefore, that there can be no dispute
upon the point as to whether there was a bat-
tle going on on that day or not. There was
none.
The Senator from Vermont says that this
was a public calamity that destroyed Best's
house. I think it was a private calamity and
a public benefit that destroyed it. That is what
the testimony represents. Best lost his prop-
erty, and the public got the benefit of it in
the salvation of the fort. A public calamity
is, I suppose, a loss which results from an irre-
sistible necessity. Was there an irresistible
necessity which called upon Colonel Hicks to
send out a detachment of troops that morning
to take Best's house and burn it up? There
were seven hundred men there. Could not
Colonel Hicks have withdrawn his seven hun-
dred men from the garrison ? It would not
have been good generalship, it would not have
been good service ; but he could have done it.
There was not an irresistible necessity.
Mr. President, this will not do. That was
a deliberate taking, wise or unwise; wise if
the public got good out of it, unwise if no
good came from it. It was a deliberate tak-
ing, whether it was the one or the other: and
now we must not fall into the habit of calling
such things public calamities, or by and by my
friend's doctrine will be put into practice by
his Vermont neighbors, and when they are
picked up for taking horses or sheep or any-
thing of that sort they will call on him to
defend that taking as a public calamity. We
must make better distinctions than that; the
law does, and Senators ought, I think.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Show us the law that
does.
Mr. HOWE. My friend calls upon me to
show the law which does. I showed you the
law yesterday; I read it from the Constitution,
which commands you to make better distinc-
tions. I read yesterday several private acts
passed subsequent to the war of 1812 which do
make different distinctions; and I was about
to call attention to the criticism pronounced
on those cases by my acute friend from Ver-
mont. Laying out of the question the dispute
here about what the Constitution means, I said
that you never were called upon to pay money
in a ease where you could better afford or were
under stronger equitable obligations to pay it;
and I grounded it upon the fact that one party
had lost property, the other had got the ben-
efit of it; and I thought those two considera-
tions were sufficient to warrant us in paying
for the loss. Best lost it; the Government
took it, and the Government got the jjenefit
of it.
Now what were the cases to which I called
attention and which the Senator from Vermont
says are clear wide of the case before the
Senate? One vas the case of a rope-walk in
Baltimore. Was there a battle going on at the
time that was taken ? No, sir, there was not;
but they expected one, and one did take place
just after it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. At the rope-walk?
Mr. HOWE. In the city. 1 do not know
whether about the rope-walk or not, and I do
not know but that it was in the exact locality
where the rope-walk was. It was because the
enemy could use that rope-walk to approach
securely the American lines that they destroyed
it. That is precisely the reason why they
destroyed this house of Best's. They were
expecting that the enemy would attapk in Bal-
timore, andthey were expecting that the enemy
would attack in Padueah—precisely alike in
both cases. The Government sent out and
burned up the rope-walk just as they sent out
and burned up Best's house. There is no
possible distinction between the two cases.
But the Senator from Vermont says that this
report does not distinguish between what was
movable and what was immovable; that what
was movable Best ought to have withdrawn.
When the rope-walk was destroyed, both mov-
able and immovable property was destroyed.
There was no time to remove it, so Smith tes-
tified. There was no time to remove what was
movable after the order was given to destroy
Best's house ; and so both went, in Padueah
as in Baltimore, the movable and immovable
property.
1 did say yesterday that I could not distin-
guish between the principle of that case and
this. If any Senator can possibly point out
a distinction I should like to hear it. I feel
bound to record the fact, and I want it to go
down to posterity in the columns of the Globe,
that there are two cases cited which even the
Senator from Vermont has not attempted to
point out the distinction between. If he lets
this debate go without attempting it 
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will disappoint you,
will it not ?
Mr. HOWE. It will disappoint his poster-
ity. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. You shall not be disap-
pointed.
Mr. HOWE. There is another case that
my friend states that I did not cite. I cited
the act—the act which made compensation to
William H. Washington.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The committee-reported
against him.
Mr. HOWE. Oh, no ; the committee report-
ed in favor of him, and Congress passed the
act making compensation. What was the
case of William H. Washington? He had a
house down near the Potomac bridge, and
there were spme public stores there. A cor-
poral was left in possession of the house to
px'otect those stores against the enemy. A
subaltern officer directed him if the place was
attacked to blow it up. The place was not
attacked, but he heard a gun somewhere fired
by one of his own soldiers, aud he gave orders
to blow it up. Mr. Washington lost his house.
That was the only reason in the world in that
case for paying for it. He lost it by the order
of this subaltern officer. The Government got
no benefit from it. The enemy lost nothing.
It was not a detriment to the enemy ; it was
not a benefit to the Government. The goods
were in no danger \vhatever. But the man bad
simply lost his property, and so the Govern-
ment paid for it. Which is the stronger, that
case or this? There was but the single fact
of the loss of property to warrant payment,
coupled with the fact of its feeing lost by the
orders of a subaltern officer. Here is the
order of the subaltern officer \ here is the loss
