1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17 55
the city, and would recommend the erection of a
suitable fire-proof structure at Jefferson City of
sufficient capacity to accommodate the present and
prospective wants of the public service in Thar plaec.
Tho estimated cost of puch a building is $200,000,
but an appropriation of $<50,000 would be ample for
lh" pret>ent.
Very respectfully, A. B. MULLETT,
Supervising Architect.
Hon. George S. Boutwell,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Treasury Department,
Office of Supervising Architect,
January 24, 1870.
Sin: In accordance with your instructions, 1 have
careiully examined the question of erecting a .suit-
able building nt Albany, in .the State of New York,
for the accommodation of the United States courts,
post office, internal revenue, and other officesof the
Government located in tbatcity,and havcthebonor
to report that, in my opinion, there is no place of
its size in the country where a building of the char-
acter indicated is more urgently needed than here.
Albany is the center of several judicial districts
and frequently sessions of the United States circuit
and district courts, State and county courts, are held
simultaneously, at which times it is with great diffi-
culty that accommodations, even of the most infe-
rior character, can be procured for the accommo-
dation ot the United States courts, and on several
occasions they have been compelled to resort to the
attic story of the city hall.
The surveyor of customs, post office, and internal
revenue offices are indifferently provided for, and are
located, with their valuable records, in buildings
that are not fire-proof, for these accommodations
tbe Government pays an annual rental of §2,800,
wiiicii amount would be saved by the erection of a
suitable iire-proof building for the use of those and
the other branches ot the public service located at
Albany, in addition to providing a place of security
ior the storage of the valuable archives.
I would also call attention to the fact that while
buildings have been erected by the Government in
numerous citiesand villagesof comparativelyminor
importance, the capitol of the great State of New
York has been entirely neglected in this regard, and
the various offices have been located in rented build-
ings, inconvenient and ill-arranged, rendering the
transaction of business extremely difficult, both for
the officers and the public,
Tnc State is now erecting a new and magnifi-
cent capitol building, that will not cost less than
§4,000.000, although the present accommodations
for their purposes are far superior to those eu-
joyed by the officers of the General Government;
and it appears to me that it hardly comports with
tue dignity of the United States to have its officers
provided in such a shabby manner, when the State
and local officers have suitable and secure buildings
in whi<h to transact their business and deposit their
records. A building of sufficient capacity to accom-
modate all the officers of the Government located at
Albany would cost not less thnn $300,000, but an
appropriation ct $10J,000 would be sufficient to com-
mence operations.
Very le&pectfully, A. B. MULLETT,
Supervising Architect.
Hon. George S. Boutwell,
Secretary oj the Treasury.
Board of Tia<ie, Albany.
At a meeting of the Board of Trade of the city of
Albanv. held at their rooms, on Tuesday, January
25, 18*0, the following preamble and resolutions
wore read, and adopted uuauimou&ly:
Whereas the buildings now occupied by the vari-
ous Government offices in the city of Albany are
totally inadequate m many instances for the pur-
poses for whicti they are being used, and are located
at long distances from each other in various parts
of the city, thus putting to much trouble and incon-
venience persons having business to transact with
the different departments; and whereas in many in-
stances heretofore buildings have been erected for
such offices in localities where the revenes arising
from such departments are much less than in this
city ; and whereas the business interests of this city
demand that theseofficcs be located in one building,
ea«vof acccssto the business community: Therefore,
lie it revolved, That our Senators and Representa-
tives n Congress be urgently requested to use their
influence to secure an appropriation sufficientfor the
erection or procuring ot a building in this city suit-
able ior the accommodation of the post office, reve-
nue offices, custom-house, and other permanent and
temporary departments of the Government in our
city. , , ,
Resolved. That copics of the above preamble and
resolution, under the seal of this board, and signed
by the president and secretary, be forwarded to the
Senators in Congress from this State, and to the
Representative in Congress from this district, with
the request that they present them to both Houses
ol Congress of tho United States.
Treasury Department.
Office of Supervising Architect,
January l'«\ 1870.
Sir: In accordance with your instruct ions I have
examined the plans of tho custom-house building at
C'evcland, Ohio, in order to ascertain if it is prac-
ticable to make an addition thereto to provide suffi-
cient accommodations for tho United States courts,
and officers of internal revenue in that city, and
have the honor to report that the building is locatcd
in the center of a block, and that it can be length-
ened forty-five feet at each end, or at one, as may
be desired.
I am of the opinion that the most desirable
arrangement would be to extend the building at
each end, and that by so doing a sufficient amount
of space would be obtained, and the appearance of
the building greatly improved thereby.
The estimated costof makingan extension ateach
end forty-five by ninety feet is $268,400; but should
this expenditure be deemed inexpedient at present,
it can be lengthened at one end for one half that
sum, or $137,700, which would furnish at least tem-
porary relief, and would improve rather than injure
the appearance of the building.
I would recommend that authority be obtained
to extend the building at each end, if in your opin-
ion it can bo done at this time without detriment to
the public interests.
Very respectfully, A. B. MULLETT,
Supervising Architect.
Hon. George S. Boutwell,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Treasury Department,
Office of Supervising Architect,
January 28,1870.
Sir: In accordance with your instructions. I have
examined into the necessity tor an addition to the
United States court-house building at Indianapolis,
Indiana, and have the honor to report that the
building is entirely inadequate for the use for which
it was designed. The business of the post office has
increased so largely that it is impossible for the post-
master to perform his duties in a proper manner;
and the introduction of the carrier system, which
has just taken place, materially increases the neces-
sities of the service, and has made it absolutely
nccessary that more room should be provided for that
department.
The recent change in the organization of the Uni-
ted States courts has rendered it equally important
that an addition should be made to the building to
accommodate that branch of the service.
The pension agent, who has frequently hundreds
of thousands of dollars in his possession, and whose
office is now in a building not fire-proof, should be
provided with accommodations in the Government
building. The rooms occupied by the collector of
internal revenue and officers of the judiciary are
also too small, and illy adapted to the purposes for
which they are u-:ed. More room should be provided
for those offices, which can only be done by enlarging
the building. So great is the pressure in the post
office department that much of the labor has to be
performed in the cellar, which is dark, damp, and
unhealthy, and has been the cause of much sickness
among the employes.
I have prepared sketches showing the proposed
addition, and find that the lot owned by the Govern-
ment is ample and that the extension ca~\ be made
for the sum of $80,000, which amount I recommend
to be obtained for the purpose.
I believe that the necessity for the extension can-
not be overestimated, and in this opinion I am sus-
tained by every officer occupying the building. I
cannot too strongly urge the importance of obtaining
the appropriation indicated, which will be sufficient
to make the extension and place the building in
proper condition.
Very respectfully, J. C. RANKIN,
Acting Supervising Architect.
Hon. George S. Boutwell,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Treasury Department,
Office of the Secretary, February 10, 1871.
Sir: As the result of the attention which I have
been able to give to the various propositions for the
erection of public buildings in different parts of the
country, I have the honor respectfully to recom-
mend appropriations for buildings at Hartford, Con-
necticut; Little Rock. Arkansas; Montgomery, Ala-
bama; and Nashville, Tennessee.
An appropriation, as you are aware, was made for
the erection ot a building at St. Louis, upon the con-
dition that a site should be given by the city. Mr.
Wells has explained to me, and probably to the com-
mittee also, the circumstances which have prevented
a grant of land by the city. He now makes a sug-
gestion that an appropriation lor a sum not exceed-
ing $100,000 be granted for the purchase of a site, pro-
vided the Secretary of the Treasury shall be able to
secure a suitable one within the appropriation, and
previous to the 1st of November next. Upon the
whole, I concur in the suggestionmnde by Mr. Wells,
upon the ground that a public building is needed in
St. Louis, and that there is no longer a probability
of obtaining a site by gift from the city.
I also recommend an appropriation tor the exten-
sion of the court-house at Indianapolis, Indiana.
At the last session of Congress I recommended an
appropriation for the erection of a public bmldmg
at Grand Rnpids, Michigan. That recommendation
i have the honor to renew.
I ought also to state that since making the recom-
mendation foi Grand Rapids my attention has been
called to the importance of a custom-house at Port
Huron. Tho business and revenues ot that place are
increasing rapidlv, and the erection of a custom-
house cannot properly bo delayed for any consider-
able time. Under the circumstances, I suggest the
expediency of making an appropriation tor Port
known to the committee that, the mining
business in the Territory ot Montana 's yeiy largo,
and tho probability of its contwuancc is as great
there as in any part of the mining region of the
United States. I therefore recommend an appro-
priation for an assay office to be erected in that Ter-
ritory.
I transmit herewith a statement of tho estimated
cost of tho several buildings, as prepared by tho
supervising architect of the Treasury. I have en-
joined upon him the importance of making thescv
estimates upon such a basis that the buildings can
be constructed without appropriations beyoud tho
sums named; and I have the strongest assurance
from him, in which I plaoe confidence, that tho
works will be completed within the sums specified.
Very respectfully, GE0_ g_ BOUTWELL.
Secretary.
Hon. Hknry L. Daves, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, House of Representatives.
P. S.—I inclose the report of the supervising
architect, giving his estimates, severally, of tho
costof public buildings at Montgomery, Alabama;
Grand Rapids. Michigan; Nashville, Tennessee;
Little Rock, Arkansas; and also of the assay office
at Helena, in the Territory of Montana.
Estimates of the other public buildings recom-
mended in this communication have already been
submitted to the committee.
Treasury Department,
Office of the Secretary.
January 9, 1871.
Sir: I inclose an estimate, made by the super-
vising architect of the Treasury, of the cost of a
building in San Francisco for the purposes of the
Government, prepared at your request. While. I
have not had opportunity to examine tho subject
fully, I inclinestrongly to theopinion that it is wise
for the Government to undertake the work. It is
probable that the city of San Francisco will increase
within the next few years considerably, and the
necessity for such a building will be urgent within
the time required for its erection.
Very respectfully, GE0_ g_ B0XJTWBLXi,
Secretary.
Hon. Aaron A. Sargent, House of Representatives.
Treasury Department,
Office of the Secretary,
February 18,1871.
Sir: I transmit herewith the report of the super-
vising architect of tho Treasury upon the propo-
sition to erect a building for the accommodation of
the post office and courts at LaCrosse, Wisconsin.
While I have no doubt that a building will soon be
required at that place, it is proper to state that the
attention of the Department has been but recently
called to the subject, and that I have not that knowl-
edge of the facts which will justify me in making a
specific recommendation.
Very respectfully, GEa g_ BOUTWELL.
Secretary.
Hon. Henry L. Dawes, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, House of Representatives.
Treasury Department,
Office of Supervising Architect,
February 18, 1871.
Sir: In accordance with your instructions to pre-
pare an estimate of the cost of a pubhe building tor
the use of the post office, custom-house, and United
States court-house, at La Crosse, Wisconsin, and to
give my views m regard thereto, I have the honor
to report that I have never visited La Crosse, and
am therefore compelled to rely upon the opinions
andviews of gentlemen who are thoroughly convers-
ant with its history, wants, and prospect?, together
with such information as can be obtained from the
files of the Department.
I am satisfied that La Crosse will, in all probabil-
ity, continue to be the principal city in that part of
the State, and that it will always be the chief river
port in Wisconsin. If this view is correct, it will
follow that the number of admiralty cases before the
United States courts there wiil be large, and that as
a consequence the courts may be considered as per-
manently located at that place under any circum-
stances. , . , .
As regards the size of the building I cannot speak
with the confidence I would desire, but believe that
a building of the general size and character of the
one recently erected at Des Moines, Iowa, say one
hundred and ten by sixty-live teet, two stones m
height, with basement and attic, the cost ot which
will be, when completed, §220,877 <3, would be better
adapted to the locality than any other building that
has been erectcd by the Department, as it will Pro-
vide the accommodations needed at present, and
will admit of an increase in tho future, should it be
desired by the addition of another story, which
would, so far from injuring its appearance, improve
it,and add greatly to its beauty, the court-house at
Des Moines having been constructed with this view.
Should this building, however, be deemed too
costly, i would recommend the construction ot one
of the size of that now in course of erection at Cairo,
Illinois, one hundred by sixty feet, three stories m
height, the costot whicu will be$2()0,0j0. The latter
building cannot, however.be readily extended with-
out serious injury to its architectural appearance,
and the performance ofalarge amount of exlrawork.
Very respectfully, A> B MULLETT,
Supervising Architect.
Hon. George S. Boutwell,
Seereta/y of the Treasury.
