318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
of property; and here is the benefit to our
service—three reasons.
The Senator cites one other case which,
he says, sustains the whole opposition to this
bill. It is the case of Frothingham's house,
which was burned during the revolutionary
war by order of General Sullivan. What was
the matter with Frothingham's house? That
was in precisely the predicament that Best's
house was the day before it was destroyed. It
was in possession of the enemy, and our troops
did to Frothingham's house just what Hicks
did to Best's house the day before it was de-
stroyed ; that is to say, sent out and burned
it down, to dislodge the enemy from it. The
committee say, do not pay for that; and the
committee said in Best's case, do not pay for
the damage that was done iu dislodging the
enemy. The committee in Frothingham's
ease stand identically upon the principle sus-
tained by the Committee on Claims in Best's
case. Human ingenuity cannot distinguish
between the two.
There were some other remarks thrown out
here by my friend from Vermont that I feel
bound to protest against. He not only says
that this house was taken possession of by the
enemy, which it was, but that it was held by
them up to a late hour in the night. He does
not know anything about how late it was held.
The enemy retired from that engagement some-
where about eleven o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Retired from the assault,
as your report reads.
Mr. HOWE. But that, the enemy retired
from that house at eleven o'clock at night does
not appear in that report. I do not know how
the fact is. I have not stated it, and shall not
state it. But the Senator was not content with
that, but went on to speak of the exactinterval
between the time the enemy retired from the
house and when the order for its destruction
issued, limiting it to six hours; that is, from
eleven at night to five o'clock in the morning.
The Senator will not contcnd that he had any
authority in the world for naming that time,
and the Senator is too able in debate to need
to bolster himself up by the citation of any evi-
dence that is not in the case. I think, at least,
we have a right to ask of Senators on this floor
that they will not try to interject any testimony
or any foreign facts into the case; that they
will be willing to meet the tacts as they exist.,
and pass upon those facts fairly.
Now, Mr. President, I do not know that I
should be justified in occupying anymore time
of the Senate. Unless the matter is to be fur-
ther debated on the other side, which I hope
it will not be, I will submit the question to the
Senate, and I will endeavor to abide by the
judgment of the Senate. If you say that we
shall not pay for this property, we will not
pay for it; we cannot pay lor it. If you say
that property taken in this way cannot be paid
for, then we shall not ask you to pay for any
more.
But I want to tell the Senate that they must
not lean too much on the suggestion thrown
out by my friend from Vermont. He says that
Senators from the South must not understand
that, because the Senate do not pay for this
house, therefore they are not going to pay any
of the claims down there. I do not remember
when he has been for paying a claim, and I
cannot conceive how he should ever be caught
voting for the payment of a claim if he refuses
to vote for the payment of this. I cannot un-
derstand how it is possible for any man to come
forward with a stronger claim on the justice of
his Government than this man comes, who asks
you to pay for property of his which he has
lost through your deliberate act of taking, and
which lias benefited the Government so much
as the taking of this piopeity is shown to have
benefited the Government. If you cannot pay
for property so taken, I do not anticipate that
any ease can be made from any part of the
country where property should be paid for.
Jrlr, President, I will say one other thing
about this case. I have felt not only that this
matter has been severely criticised, but that
several other claims which have come from the
Committee on Claims have been. _ My own
judgment is that that committee is not the
most careless one, and I do not think that the
Senate can afford to make a point against this
claim of Dr. Best, in view of other claims
which they have recognized And paid. Sena-
tors say you are not bound by law to pay this.
Well, 1 conceded yesterday, for the purposes
of the argument, that you were not bound by
law, and I ask what stronger reasons you could
have for paying money than you have in this
case, if the legal obligation were thrown away?
But look here, sir; the other day there was a
bill—I do not recollect just when—pending
here to compensate a paymaster in your Army
for some twenty or thirty thousand dollars which
he said had been charged him at the Treasury,
and which he had never got. The Treasury
said he had got it, but you took his statement
about it. I think Senators must know, after
all, that the Treasury was right. They could
not be mistaken. But you thought it was a hard
case, and you paid it to him. You allowed it
to be credited to him.
There was another man came up here from
Kentucky. The man was not loyal; he did
not stand on the roof of his house signalizing
your gun-boats and directing their fire on the
enemy; but, on the contrary, he left his home,
he left his State, and he went into the service
of the rebellion ; and you seized his property
under your confiscation acts. He got through
the rebellion and came up here, and asked you
to release his property to him. You did it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who was he?
Mr. HOWE. Blanton Duncan. You did
it upon the report of the Committee on the
Judiciary, of which my distinguished friend
from Vermont, I think, is one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you mean to say that
1 was m favor of it?
Mr. HOWE. I mean to say that the Judi-
ciary Committee reported that bill, and I think
the Senator from Vermont was one of that
committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am one of that com-
mittee. That is one of my sins, that I must
confess to, but if my friend will pardon me, I
opposed the Blanton Duncan claim with all the
little power I had. It was almost as bad a
claim as this is.
Mr. HOWE. Now, Mr. President, that is
the first wholesome confession I have heard
from the Senator from Vermont. He does
admit that that was almost as bad a claim as
thi3 is. He never to my recollection uttered
a word against that claim on the floor of the
Senate, and he has fought this for days. That
was to give property up to a man who was in
the very heat of the rebellion from the begin-
ning to the end of the war, and this is to pay
a man for property that has been applied to
your n«e.
Here is another case. I do not know
whether the Senator has acted on it or not,
but it has been reported here, and I suppose
will be paid. It is a case where a man was
also iu the service, of the rebellion, and was
making ordnance upon some new patent for
the rebels at Richmond, and he has asked you
to pay him §20,000 for some use that he sup-
poses you got out of his invention. There is
no obligation of law resting upon you to do it.
Still, 1  do not know but that it is fair you
should do it; but when you do such things, it
really seems to me that you can make com-
pensation for such claims as this, and I hope
it will be done.
Mr. MORTON addressed the Senate in
remarks which will be published in the Ap-
pendix.
Mr. FLANAGAN obtained the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make a single suggestion?
Mr. FLANAGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it has been
suggested to me, indeed I know the fact, that
this battle of Paducah terminated about eleven
o'clock at night. The house of Dr. Best was
burned about breakfast time the next day.
Mr. MORTON. I understand that.
Mr. DAVIS. About the time that the house
was burned I understand that the rebel forces
were about twenty-five miles from Paducah,
and that one rebel killed another rebel in a
conflict about breakfast time, the hour when
Dr. Best's house was burned, about twenty-five
miles distant. I want the honorable Senators
from Vermont and from Indiana who oppose
this bill to tell me whether the man killed in
that conflict was killed iu the battle of Padu-
cah or not?
Mr. FL&.NAGAN. Mr. President, I had
no idea till a few moments since of partici-
pating in this debate. It has taken a very wide
range. It is conclusively shown that this case
involves a very important question. I am
clearly admonished of that fact by the remarks
of the distinguished Senator and, I am happy
to say, my very particular friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Mortox.] He admonishes us in effect,
for surely it can be nothing else but an admo-
nition, that this claim must be scrutinized very
closely, and the chances, pro or con, the one
way or the other, are to be charged against
it. Why? Why, said he, if this claim be
paid, every tree and every fence-rail that has
been burned throughout the South during this
unhappy war will have to be paid for.
I would have been gratified if the honorable
Senator had stopped there ; but in his zeal, in
his extraordinary love of country—and I honor
him for it—he saw proper to go, as I think, (I
will use soft language,) rather tar. He said that
in less than ten years there would be no diffi-
culty in proving that all the property destroyed
within the southern confederacy during the
war belonged to Union men. I am sure that
my distinguished friend, when he reflects for a
moment upon the subject, will agree with me
that he has overdrawn the picture.
Now, sir, it is known to Senators here that
the men in the South who have been large
sufferers in many instances should have been,
because they invited the action ; they rebelled
against the best Government that the Lord ever
permitted to exist, in my humble opinion, and
the names of those men are written, and they
are written so as not to be forgotten. I ask
the distinguished Senator if those men were to
introduce claims here for property despoiled
during the war, whether they would be enabled
to go forward broadly as he has declared, and
establish the fact that they had been good
Union men? Surely not. Then, so far as that
branch of the argument goes, I beg leave to
raise an unqualified issue.
Further than that, sir, with all the sins there
are upon the South, I was born there and I
love it. Notwithstanding the sufferings the
southern people invited and drew down upon
themselves by bringing down the mighty sword
that was suspended over them until it crushed
them, there is yet purity of spirit and of action
in the South among its people, and subornation
is not so easy a matter there as might be sup-
posed. You could get up a fight down there
with much less difficulty than you could get a
mail to come up and perjure himself. They
are not that kind of people, and I regret to
hear the intimation ; nor have I any idea that
my friend intends to carry it so far as his broad,
unqualified declarations go.
then, sir, simplifyingthis matter and coming
down to the real facts as presented in the case,
what are they? I have not even read the report.
I have heard it discussed, though, until I think
I have a tolerably good idea of it. What is the
nature of the ease ? The fact, seems to be that
Dr. Best, acitizen—and, by the way, the proof
seems to be that he was a Union man; 1 hope
that will not be charged prejudicially against
him, to say the least—had property at Paducah.
1 here was a fort hard by, There had been a
light, progressing. I think it is simplified and
