1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
easily understood when you put the destruction
of his house upon the mere ground of self-
defense, which is a law of nature, if you please.
How do I apply it? Thus: it is said, and I
think there is no great disagreement on that
branch of the subject, that a fight had been
going on, and this house had been occupied by
the rebels, where they were doing great injury
to the Army of the United States ; and then, in
self-defense, when they found an opportunity,
what was the action on the part of the Ameri-
can army? Just as though it had been the
cage of A and B, who are in a belligerent atti-
tude, and on A and B's endeavor the one to
slay the other, C is standing by with a sword
in his hand. AassaultingB, B makes an effort
and secures the sword of C, and with that he
defends himself against A, and successfully. A
in the mean time, however, may not be slain,
but he may run off; but in the struggle on the
Eart of B with the sword of C he breaks it;
e renders it valueless. I ask if B is not
responsible to C for that instrument that has
protected him, that has defended and secured
him in his life from the assault of A?
Take it for granted that it is precisely as my
distinguished friend, the Senator from Indiana,
stated, that the enemy were returning to this
house. After having been in the occupancy
of this property they left it, being driven out
by the armies of the Union, and he says that
they were returning again. I accept that prop-
osition. If they were returning again, then it
is unmistakably clear to my mind that this
property ought to be paid for. Why? Because
they were coming to do that which they had
been doing before, cutting off the lives of the
American soldiers who were fighting to per-
petuate this great and glorious Union; and
while they were thus doing—I meet his prop-
osition again there—deliberately it was done;
they deliberated upon it and said that this
house must bo demolished, thereby enabling
them to protect the Army of the United States;
and they did it, and did it correctly, in self-
defense simply, and nothing more nor less.
I care not to invoke the various authorities
that have been adduced on this subject. I
merely say this upon the spur of the moment,
reasoning, as I think, properly and naturally,
without looking to authorities one way or the
other. But, sir, in criminal law it is very well
known that a party has a right to pursue his
enemy until he is out of danger, and in this
case the American army was only doing so.
Although the rebels had fled, if you please, the
Union troops had a right, while they were
absent, to demolish this house, thereby prevent-
ing their getting into it again. It is said that
they were returning. If they were, then so
much clearer the case, and it is unmistakably
true that our troops had a right to demolish it;
and they thereby appropriated it to the public
use. Suppose there had been twenty mules on
the lot of Dr. Best, upon his premises, and the
American army had been disposed to retreat
for their preservation, and they had taken the
twenty mules to hitch to their wagons to haul
off their cannon in making a retreat; I ask
whether the American nation would not have
been compelled to pay for the twenty mules
if they had taken them? For what purpose
would it have been? It would have been to
preserve the army. The very same reason ap-
plies precisely to the demolishing of the house.
If the reason is good in the one case it is evi-
dently good in the other, and in either point
of view, in my humble opinion, the party ought
to be paid for his property ; and let all other
claims that, may be presented here, as they will
be perhaps fifty years hence, as they have been
in all nations known to man, be met and dis-
posed of agreeably to the circumstances that
surround them and that they are directly asso-
ciated with npon their merits.
My distinguished friend, with his known abil-
ity, emphasizes upon the report of the com-
mittee in this respect, that they themselves say
that if thus and so were facts, then the Gov-
ernment would not be held responsible. I beg
him to look to this rule: if he accepts a por-
tion of the committee's conclusions he must
accept the whole of them. We, however, are
not to rely entirely on the conclusions of the
report the committee have come to. We are
to look to them as an index directly pointing
to the true merits of the case, and then it is
our duty to act independently; not to vote on
their conclusions, but to draw ours from their
report. Therefore, if they have been remiss and
have overdrawn in their conclusions, they are
not chargeable to us; we have nothing to do
with them; but the whole matter is placed
before us, to be looked to in a legal sense and
in an equitable one. I think that there is
merit in the case, and that the bill ought to
pass, irrespective of the consequences that may
be drawn down upon us from the presentation
of one or a hundred thousand eases in the
future. As I remarked previously, other cases
must be disposed of agreeably to their merit,
without prejudice; and that is all I ask in this
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. Presfdent, I do not
wish to make any argument on this question ;
I hope we are about to take the vote ; I merely
wish to state the grounds upon which I shall
vote.
I have heard but one objection to this claim,
and that is that the property was destroyed in
battle. It seems to be admitted on all hands
that if the destruction were not in battle the
Government should pay for it. Now, whether
it was destroyed in battle or not is a simple
question of fact, with the investigation of
which the Committee on Claims was charged.
That committee has investigated that fact, and
reports to us that it was not destroyed in bat-
tle. I have heard not one word of testimony
that shows the committee to be in error in that
conclusion. We must rely upon committees,
because the Senate cannot investigate all the
questions of fact, or even of law, that come
before them ; surely not all the questions of
fact. And the case ought to be very clear,
it seems to me, that a committee has erred
in its conclusions upon the facts before the
Senate should overrule its report.
I again say that I have seen no evidence, I
have heard no evidence which convinces my
mind that the committee has erred. I there-
fore accept the report as the fact: this prop-
erty was not destroyed in battle ; and if that
be the case, I have heard no Senator say it
ought not to be paid for. On that ground I
shall vote for the bill.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, my colleague
[Mr. Morton] was not satisfied with my quot-
ing from the syllabus in the case of Grant
vs. United States. I have before me now the
report of that case, and I propose to read cer-
tain passages from it to show the Senate that
the syllabus is fully sustained by the text of
the decision. This opinion was delivered by
Mr. Justice Wilmot. On page 46 of the first
volume of Nott and Huntington's Court of
Claims Reports, after citing several authorities,
he says:
*' Upon the authorityof the cases cited, and others
that might be adduced, as well as on the principles
which distinguished a case of public necessity, utility,
or good from the overruling necessity which regu-
lates the law of individuals, we are of opinion that
the rightful taking of private property for use or
destruction, when the public exigency demands it,
by a military officer commanding any pait of the
public force, is an exercise of the right of eminent
domain, and that such a case is not governed by the
law applicable to individuals."
Again, on page 47, he says:
"We next come to consider the necessity under
which this property was destroyed. It is necessity
alone that gives the right to take private property
for use or destruction. The danger must be threaten-
ing, such as demands immediate action, and when
delay would work public itijuiy. Unle-s the neces-
sity is such as to justify the otlicer he is a trespasser,
and there is no liability on the part of the Govern-
ment. It is impossible to lay down with precision
the degree of necessity or imminence of the danger
that will furnish such justification. Bach ease must
stand on its own facts."
On page 50 the judge proceeds to sura up the
whole case, and to announce the conclusions
of the court:
" Private property must not only be taken upon
urgent necessity, butfor public use, in order to fix
the liability of the Government to make compeusa-
tion. Was the destruction of this property a taking?
of it for public use? It is almost of equal public
importance that military supplies be kept from tho
use of the enemy as that they minister to the sup-
port of'our. own armies. Writers on publie law do
not discriminate between property destroyed to pre-
vent it from falling into the hands of an enemy and
property taken for the actual sustenance of our own
military forces. In both cases it is treated as a taking
("r publie use. In tho ease of the American Print
i\orks vi. Lawrence, (Zabriskie,) the supreme court
of New Jersey affirm that'the destruction of private
property for public use is a taking of it within tho
meaning of the Constitution.'"
I read this passage for the especial benefit
of those who have contended all through this
discussion that the destruction of private prop-
erty was not a taking within the sense of the
Constitution for the use of the Government:
" We hold, in this case, that the property was
destroyed by the rightful order of the commanding
officer and upon an urgent and pressing necessity,
and to prevent it from falling into the hands of the
publie enemy and those hostile to the United States;
that it was a taking for publie use, and that tho
Government is bound under the Constitution to make
just compensation to the owner. The legal duty to
make compensation raises an implied promise to do
so; and here is found the jurisdiction of this court
to entertain this proceeding."
Then, Mr. President, it seems to me as if
this case covers the whole ground. It has
been said by one of the gentlemen who have
discussed this bill that this was a decision
rendered by a divided court. I find no evi-
dence of that fact in the report.
"Wilmot, J., delivered the opinion of the court."
Mr. CARPENTER. Look at the end of
the opinion and you will find that Judge Lor-
ing dissented.
Mr. PRATT. That is true; "Loring, J.,
dissented."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and read the third time.
Mr. CHANDLER and Mr. MORRILL, of
Vermont, called for the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
state that my colleague, Mr. Edmunds, is
paired with the Senator from Alabama, Mr.
Warxeb. If my colleague were present he
would vote against the bill and the Senator
from Alabama in favor of it.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. WARNER, (when his name was called.)
On this question, as stated by the Senator
from Vermont, Mr. Morrill, I am paired
with his colleague, Mr. Edmunds. If that
Senator, were present he would vote against
the bill and I should vote for it.
The result was announced—yeas28, nays 15;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, Brownlow, Cas-
serly, Davis, Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland,
Howe, McCreery, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ram-
sey, tteveis, Kice, Koss, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Seott,
Spencer, Sprague. Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Tick-
ers, Willey, and Wilson—28.
bull. Williams, and Yates—15.
ABSEjNT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Cattell, Cule, Oouklmg, Cragin,
Edmunds, Ronton, Ferry, Fowler, Gilbert, Harris.
Howard. Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis.McDonald, Mor-
riil of Maine, Osborn, Patterson. Robertson,Schurz,
Sherman, Thayer, Warner, and Windom—29.
So the bill was passed.
SOUmcr.N MARYLAND RAILROAD.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the Calendar under
what has been termed in the Senate as tho
Anthony rule, beginning on page 5, with No.
8JG in the order of business. The Secretary
will leport the next, bill, subject to a single
objection causing it to remain on the Calendar.
The Secretary. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is the bdl (S. No. 597) to authorize
the authorities or'the city of Washington, Dis-
