1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1145
Mr, COLE. I think so.
Mr. I'0.MEROY. If that motion is in order,
all I say is that I want the yeas and nays on
it. I want the sense of the Senate on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order.
Although the Senate has set aside this day
for the consideration of certain bills, a major-
ity, under the rules, can postpone any bill and
proceed to the consideration of other matters.
It is often done in the Senate. It is a ques-
tion dependent upon the will of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I submit the question to the
Senate. If they vote me down, be it so. I
cannot do otherwise, with the importunity I
have to suffer, than make the motion; and
I should like to have the question put, and
think a division of the Senate will settle it.
Mr. POMEROY. I want the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckingham, Cole, Conkling, Cra-
gin, Edmunds, Fenton, Johnston, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Sawyer, Seott, Sherman, Sprague, Vielkers,
Willev, and Wilson-15.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Blair, Boreman,
Casserly, Flanagan, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, Osborn,
Pomeroy. Pratt. Ramsey, Bevels, Rice, Ross, Stearns,
Stewart,Sumner,Tipton, Warner, and Williams—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow,
Cameron, Carpenter, Cattcll, Chandler, Corbett,
Davis. Ferry, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Mary-
and, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris,
Hill, Howell. Lewis, McCreery, McDonald, Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Schurz. Spencer, Stockton, Tliay er, Thur-
man, Trumbull, and Yates—36.
So the motion of Mr. Cole was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading of the report.
The Chief Clerk resumed and concluded the
reading of the report given above.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road. It is a bill incorporating a great rail-
road corporation, covering a line of territory
five hundred miles in direct extent as the
crow flies, and, following the courses of the
valleys through which it must go, probably of
upward of six hundred miles, going through
Indian towns and villages, from Salt Lake
City to practically the head of the Gulf of
California, on the borders of Mexico.* I think
in all seriousness that a bill of this character,
creating a corporation with a capital of several
millions of dollars, and granting! do not know
how many hundred thousand acres of public
lands, and taking up the rights of Indian res-
ervations and settlements, ought to go to the
committee who have in charge the subject of
our system of Pacific railways ; and therefore I
hope that without objection it may be referred
to that committee for their consideration. It
has come from the able Committee on Public
Lands, in respect to whose land grants the bill
is no doubt as good as any of the land-grant
bills are. But as it creates a corporation with
an immense capital, and with a right to build
a railroad over an immense extent of territory
iu the region of the Pacific ocean, it ought to
go to the Pacific Railroad Committee, in my
opinion.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not design to dis-
cuss the bill. It has been represented to the
committee that there are large and valuable
mines in that neighborhood, and that a road
will facilitate their commerce. Transporta-
tion is such now that they cannot open them,
and they cannot work them when opened. A
railroad from Salt Lake will enable them to
do it. A company of miners are represented
to rue as able and willing to build it. The
bill gives them land, and that is all. It raises
the price of the reserved even sections to $2 50
an acre. It has all the safeguards that any
bill can have. It was prepared by myself in
consultation with the clerk of the Committee
on Public Lands of the House, has received
the approval of that committee, as I under-
stand from him, a.ud of our committee unani-
mously. We can do no more; we have made
the bill as perfect as we can make it. But if
the Senate desires to send it to any other
committee I have not the least objection,
except that it will defeat the bill for this ses-
sion. I have great confidence in the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad ; and their sys-
tem of granting lands and the system adopted
by the Committee on Public Lands is substan-
tially the same.
In regard to the merits of the project itself
every Senator must judge. It cannot be
amended or improved, I think, by any com-
mittee. If the project is a bad one the Senate
should vote it down. But if they will only look
at the waste places of this continent, see what
development is needed, and notice the mines
running to waste where are the precious metals
because there are no facilities of transporta-
tion, no way of getting there, I think they
will appreciate the necessity of such a road.
To-day this land is not worth a cent an acre,
and cannot be sold at any price. If the Sen-
ate desire to have this section of the country
locked up for ages, as it always has been,
they can vote this bill down, or recommit it, or
do whatever they please. I am for opening
this vast continent, every portion of it; making
it habitable, making it desirable for habita-
tion, and getting out of these mountains the
silver and the gold which we so much need.
I will not discuss it; but that is the ground
on which this bill rests.
Mr. STEWART. I will simply make this
remark : that if a road can be built from Salt
Lake down on this route, if such a thing can
be accomplished by these men, it will be a
development which will be very desirable.
There is but very little agricultural land on
this line. The only difficulty I fear is that
the land grant will not avail them for the
purpose of building the road. I am fearful
of the misconstruction of it before the coun-
try, there is so much humbug about the cry
as to land grants, so much talk that is non-
sense about it. Men will take this up. Con-
gressmen who know better and editors who
know better will take up this bill and figure
up the number of acres and assume they are
all good lands ; then they will figure how
much the land is worth an acre, parade that
kind of talk before the country.
The land on this line which is not occupied
by the Mormons is comparatively worthless so
far as we now know. If it is rendered valu-
able at all, it will be rendered valuable by
means of this railroad. Valuable mines are
being discovered ail along the line, and if the
road could be built it would add vastly to the
wealth of the country. What we give these
men will be a mere trifle, although people will
say it is immense. We hear a great deal of
such talk; but in fact they will get but a few
acres of good laud, as the mineral lands are
all exempted from the grant, and there are no
good agricultural lands on the line. My only
anxiety about it is that it does not furnish a
basis sufficient to build the road, and that it
will be, not misunderstood in the country, but
designedly misrepresented. It is worth very
little; but if a road can be secured by means
of it, it will add to the wealth of the country
in the way of developing that mineral region,
which is now ascertained to be immensely valu-
able, increasing vastly your product of gold
and silver. If this land grant, will do these
parties any good, if there is any prospect of
building the road by means of it, I would say
at once pass the bill.
Mr. WARNER. It is evident that this bill
is going to lead to discussion. I ask, there-
fore, that it be informally passed over, and
that I be allowed to call up a single bill on this -
Calendar on which I should like to have a
vote of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; we must dispose
of this.
Mr. WARNER. This bill will lead to end-
less discussion, that is clear.
Mr. COLE. I am very much in favor of
this bill, knowing as I do much about the
country there; but I will not discuss it if we
can get a vote on it immediately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama is on the floor and has not yet stated
what he desires the Chair to propotmd to tie
Senate.
Mr. WARNER. This bill is evidently going
to be discussed at length.
Mr. COLE. Why should it?
Mr. WARNER. Because Senators want to
discuss it. Let ns lay aside this bill and take
up one or two other bills in which members
of the Senate are interested, and which will
lead to no discussion, and let us get a vote
npon them and have them decided one way
or the other. If the consideration of this bill
is continued, we get no action on the others.
Unless we can have a vote immediately, I move
that the consideration of this bill be passed
over; or perhaps it can be done informally by
common consent, so that we may get a vote
on one or two others.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. STEWART. No
informal passing over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont, to
refer the bill to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
Mr. WARNER. I ask the Senator if he will
allow it to lie over informally until I can call
up a little bill and make a single statement
with regard to it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, Mr. President; I am
sorry to disoblige my friend from Alabama,
but if this bill is to be passed to-night it must
be passed upon discussion and investigation
now, and not by and by. If the committee
withdraw it, so as not to ask action on it to-
day, then I shall not occupy the time of the
Senate.
Mr. WARNER. I hope, then, that the
chairman will withdraw it.
Mr. POMEROY. I can only say that we
have reported but this one laud-grant bill; it
is made as perfect as it can be made, and if
the Senate desire to pass an}', let them pass
this bill; if not, let it go, and I shall not at-
tempt to call up another/because it is late in
the session and there is doubt about its pass-
ing the House; but I want a vote on this bill.
I am as much in favor of the bill of the Sen-
ator from Alabama as I am in favor of this,
although it grants some land, but it is an old
grant. I have no disposition to crowd the
Senator from Alabama out; I shall be glad
to see his bill pass.
Mr. WARNER. I will say in regard to the
bill I propose to call up, that it does not grant
land, but it simply confirms the title to lauds
granted in 1850 for that portion of the lands
pertaining to the road completed within the
time. There is simply a cloud upon the title.
The grant of land was made in 1856 ; the time
was limited to ten years. The bill which I
wish to call up simply confirms the title to that
part of the land belonging to the road which
was completed within the time fixed. 1 will
say that the bill passed the Senate once and
went to the House and was amended by the
Committee on Public Lands there ; and this
bill which has been reintroduced here is the
amended bill, which is satisfactory to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands of the House, and it
is equitable. The company have an equitable
right to these lands against Congress and
against the Government. The bill is simply
to remove a cloud on the title, and I should
like to have action upon it if possible.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont,
to refer the bill before the Senate to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg my friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands,
not to imagine that I make this motion in any
hostility to his committee or in any doubt of
its fidelity to the functions that properly belong
to it. But it is not one of the duties of the
Committee on Public Lands to report bills
incorporating railways on the Pacific coast or
across the Territories of the United States;
