1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
another committee has been appointed by this
body specially charged with that duty. Now,
a bill is introduced by my friend from Kansas,
whose chief and great object appears to be, on
reading ir, to incorporate a body of gentlemen
into a perpetual railroad corporation, with all
i lit; riirhts hitherto granted to railroad cor-
porations of that character, to build a line of
railroad across the Territories of the United
States for a distance of almost, and I do not
know but quite, a thousand miles, following the
course of the valleys and crossing the plains
where it would be necessary for this railroad
to be located, and of over six hundred miles
in a direct line of geographic distance between
the two points, the whole way from Great
Salt Lake City, in Utah, southerly to the head
of the Gulf of California, covering almost the
entire distance of the enormous Territory of
Utah and the whole of the distance across the
Territory of Arizona, or possibly across the
State of Nevada and the eastern edge of the
State of California, depending upon the route
that the road shall take, whether upon one
side or the other of the river.
Mr. COLE. Allow me to make one sugges-
tion. I appreciate the force of the Senator's
calculations upon the view that he takes of the
bill; but 1 think the result will be simply this:
to extend the railroad which now unites the
Pacific railroad with Salt Lake City further
south; it will run it down the valley; and
whether it will go fifty miles or one hundred
miles or but twenty-five miles is something that
I cannot tell. I hope it will go one hundred
miles, though I have not the least idea it will,
and if it will go five hundred miles, all the
better.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; that is a very
good speech on that point. Now, Mr. Pres-
ident, without seeing precisely the application
of my friend's interruption at that moment, I
repeat that the proposition is to pass a bill
creating a corporation of this gigantic charac-
ter without its ever having been considered by
that committee of this body which is specially
charged with the consideration of that class of
subjects. That is the point to which I am now
speaking.
It is true it is a bill with a double aspect.
First it creates a railway corporation covering
almost two thirds the width of the United
States in that section of country, with a capi-
tal of $15,000,000, with perpetual succession,
with a right of way through the public lands ;
and then it contains, what is proper for the
Committee on Public Lands to consider, a
land grant, disposing of the public lands to the
amount of a million acres or so, probably a
greatdeal more, in this great distance, (which
is so much larger than my friend from Kansas
supposed it to be, when he first opened this
case,) to these corporators.
Now, I do say that if this bill has meritin it,
in respect to the selection of these particular
persons, who are, X suppose, citizens of great
public spirit, and whose only object in getting
up this line of railroad is to benefit the coun-
try and not to make private fortunes out of the
land and the building of the railway, then cer-
tainly it will not do them any harm for the
Committee 011 the Pacific Railroad to report
to us that fact. We do not know, in the con-
sideration of a subject of this kind, without its
going to this committee, the relations which
this bill may create to the other grants we have
already made of corporate privileges. I am
not speaking of land grants, but the grants of
corporate rights which have always come from
that committee.
Therefore, unless it is predetermined that
this branch of this bill, affecting so largely the
public interest, shall not be considered by the
committee to which that class of subjects is
usually and regularly referred, I am sure that
even my friend from Kansas ought not to ob-
ject to its going to that committee for consid-
eration. 1 do not now speak upon the merits
of the b'll at all. I on! v **av that we have hero
a bill the chief and first object of which is to
bring into existence a certain gigantic cor-
poration composed of people whom I do not
know. I presume the Senator from Kansas
does 
Mr. POME ROY. No, I do not know one
of them except by reputation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Composed of people
whom the Senator from Kansas does not
know. Here is a bill giving them perpetual
succession, giving them great powers, the au-
thority to exercise the right of public domain
in taking private property in these Territories
for public use wherever they may choose to
locate their road. I say if it is fit, if it is ever
fit, that a committee having special charge of
that class of subjects should consider these
features of thi3 bill. If the Senate shall send
this bill to that committee, of course it will
not be necessary to discuss its merits now.
If the Senate shall refuse to send it to that
committee, then it will be a subject for con-
sideration hovv it now stands upon the face
of it, though I will not go into an argument
upon the merits of it at this time.
Mr. POMEROY. I said to the Senator
that I knew these people only by reputation.
They are of the highest respectability as re-
ported to me. That is all 1 know about them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where do they live?
Mr. POMEROY. Many of them West.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to avail myself of this
opportunity to say about three things, if I
have counted right, in reference to this subject
of land grants. Several years ago the Con-
gress of the United States made a grant of
land for the construction of what is now known
as the Illinois Central railway. That grant
was made upon the theory that the owner of
the public lands could afford to give one half
of the lands in a certain strip for the purpose
of having a railroad built over it. That pre-
cedent has been followed a great many times;
sometimes it has not been judiciously applied.
But I stand here now to say this, for the
first thing: that I am not prepared to apolo-
gize for my participation in this policy. I have
been in favor of every one of tlie land grants
which have been made upon that principle. I
have voted for them all. I avow it to day. I
defend it to-day.
The next thing I want to say is that if any
Senator 011 this floor, or any citizen outside,
owned these very lands which it is proposed to
traverse with this railroad, and if he would not
give one half of them to have a railroad built
through them, he ought to be put under guard-
ianship, and I think would be put under guard-
ianship upon proper application addressed to
any surrogate's court in the land.
That is all I have to say, except that I ought
to add, before I sit down, the third thing I rose
to say, and that is, that I shall not vote for the
motion of ihe Senator from Vermont to refer
this bill to the Committee on the Pacifio Rail-
road.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I stand in the
same category with the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin. I have no apologies to make,
and have been able to defend myself at least
before my constituents for voting for subsidies
in lands to railroads. If the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont, who has the map before
him, will cast liis eye upon it, he will see that
this road has a very peculiar location. Salt
Lake lies, in round numbers, a thousand miles
east of San Francisco, in what is known as
the Great American Desert, the Great Basin.
There is now a line of railroad running from
the Central Pacific road at a point about forty
miles distant to Salt Lake City. The country
which this road proposes to traverse is almost
entirely unoccupied. It will open to this nation
a vast store of wealth if this provision is car-
ried out.
I only share in the apprehensions of my col-
league that when they come to examine the
ground four hundred and fifty miles of this
route will bo found to be entirely unproductive
in anything like agricultural resources to any
extent. Therefore the proposition is to get to
the mines by aid of a grant of land that is now
dead to the nation and will remain so beyond
any peradventure until this or some kindred
provision is carried out. If that is thought to
be best for the Government, Senators will vote
in-that way; but with what is now known of
the intrinsic value of the mineral country this
road will open, I think it will be a source of
production and of very large production to the
whole country.
I hope that this bill will not be referred, but
I hope it will pass without a reference ; and 1
think the future will fully vindicate the action
of those who promote this great object, and
that they will be regarded hereafter as instru-
ments in increasing in a parallel degree the
prosperity of this country and the taxable
property of this country beyond what the
entire value would be half a century if this
were not done. I hope the Senate will act
now. If these people are not to have this
privilege, say so, and it can as well be done 011
the report of this committee as on that of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to know what
ii the direction of this road, east and west or
north and south V
Mr. POMEROY. A little west of south.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then there is manifest
impropriety in referring the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad. That com-
mittee was instituted in the first place to take
jurisdiction of roads running east and west,
between the Mississippi and the Pacific ocean.
There is no reason why the bill should go to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmunds.] to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 10, noes 21; no quorum voting.
Mr. POMEROY called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Buckingham,
Conkling, Edmunds, Howard, Howell, Morrill of
Vermont, Patterson, Sawyer, Stockton, Sumner,
Trumbull, Vickers, and Warner—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Chandler. Cole, Corbett,
Cragin. Davis, Flanagan. Harlan, Hill, llowe, John-
ston, Kellogg, McDonald, Nye, Osborn. Pomeroy,
Pratt, Rawisey, Revels, Rice, Ross. Scott, Sherman,
Stearns. Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Wiilcy, and Wil-
liams—29. •
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony,Brown-
low, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Uattcli, l<'cnton,
Ferry, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harris, Lewis, Mc-
Croery, Morrill of Maine. Morton, Pool, Robertson.
Saulsbury, Schurz, Spencer, Sprague, Thurman,
Wilson, and Yates—29.
So the motion to refer was not agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it right that the
country should know just in this connection,
as a good deal has been said about it, exactly
how much land has been granted for purposes
of this character in the western country
already. I have before me the last annual
report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, containing his statement upon
that subject, by which it appears that there
have already been granted for railroad pur-
poses, divided among the western States and
Territories, in various proportions which are
set out in this report, 185,890,79-1 acres of the
public land: for wagon roads, 8,782,213 acres :
and for canals. -1.405,085 acres.
Mr. SHERMAN. [ ask the Senator from
Vermont if he will give way to a motion to
adjourn ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would as lief go 011 for
a half hour or three quarters of an hour, unless
the Senate desires to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator from Vermont I move that the Senate
adjourn?
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the order of
the S enate any bill remaining unftnished to day-
goes back on tho Calendar, us at one o'clock ou
