1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1759
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to any further
debate.
The question was on agreeing to the mo-
tion of Mr. Logan.
Mr. HOLMAN. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were—ayes thirty-
three, noes not counted.
So (the affirmative being one fifth) the yeas
and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLM AN. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chnir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the House should refuse
to suspend the rules and refer this bill to a
committee of conference, will it then be in
oider to move that the House adhere to its
amendments ?
The SPEAKER. It would not; for should
this motion be negatived the bill will not be
before the House for any purpose whatever.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 137, nays 59, not voting 44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Archer, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Asper, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks,
Barnaul. Barry, Beaman, Beck, Bennett, Bethuue,
Blair, Boles, Booker, Bowen, George M. Brooks,
Buck. Buckley, Burdett,Benjamin F. Butler.Calkin,
Cessna, Churchill, William T.Clark. Clinton L.Cobb,
Conner, Conner, Corker, Cullom, Darrall, Dickey,
Joseph Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon, Dockery. Dox,
Duke, Dyer, Farnsworth. Ferriss, Ferry, Fisher,
Fitch, (xartield. Gilfillan, Hambleton.Hamill.lIam-
i I foil, Harris, Hawkins, Ilawlcy. Hays, IleflinTHoar,
Hoge, Hooper. IIo fell kiss. Jenckes, John son, Thomas
L. Jones, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcliam, Knaiip,
Laflin, Lash, Logan. Long, Loughridge, Lvuch, Man-
ning, Ma.yli.un, Mavnard, McCarthy, MeCorinick,
McCrar.v. MoGrew, MeKee, Mi lnes, J esse II. Moore,
Morey. Jlorphis. Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, My-
ers, Negley, O'Neill, William V/. Paine, Palmer,
Peree. Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy. Porter, Price, Pros-
per, Itainey, Boots, Sant'ord, Sargent, Sehutnaker,
Shanks. Lionel A. Sheldon. Sherrod, Sbober. John
A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Starkweather, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strader, Strickland, Swann, Sypher, Tanner, Till-
man, Townsend, Trimble, Twiuheli, Wallace, Cad-
wnlader C. Washburn. Wells. Whiteley, Whitmore.
Wilkinson. Williams, Eugene M. Wilson, Witeher,
Wolf, and Woodward—137.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Beatty, Biggs,
Bingham. Biid. James Brooks, Buffinton, Sidney
Clarke, AmasaCobb, Cobnrn. Cook, Cox, Crebs. Weg-
ener. Dickinson, Kla, Finkelnburg, Getz, llaight,
Haldeman, Hale, Hay, Hill. Holman, Hohaes, Judd,
Julian, Lawrence, Lewis, Marshall. McNeely, Mer-
cur, Elinkim II. Moore, William Moore. Morgan,
Samuel P. Mm rill, Nibiack, Packard, Packer, Peck,
Peters, Randall, Beeves, Rice. Sawyer, Stevens,
Stiles. Strong, Taylor, Tyner. Upson, Van Trump,
Van Wyck, Ward, Welker, Willard, JohnT. Wilson,
and Wood—59. . ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Benjamin, Benton,
Boyd. Burchard, Burr, Roderick R. Butler, Cake,
Cleveland, Cowles. Dawes, Donley, Duval. Lldridge,
Fox, Gibson, Uriswnld. Ingersoll, Alexander H.
Jones. Kerr, Knott. McKenzie, Mungen, JSewshaui,
Orth, Halbert K. Paine, Phelps, Potter, Rogers, bco-
tield. Porter Sheldon, Siocum, Stevenson, Stone,
Sweeney, Taffe, Van Auken, Van Horn, Voorhees,
William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Winans, Winches-
ter, and Young—44.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended ; and the motion of Mr.
Logan was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BURR said: On this question I am
paired with the gentleman from New York,
Mr. Wheeler, the chairman of the Committee
on the Pacilic Railroad, who is absent from
the House on account of sickness. If he were
here he would vote "ay," while I should vote
" no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
1iessagis from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son", one of its clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate insisted upon its amendments, disagreed to
liv the House, to the bill of the House No.
2524, making appropriation for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1872,
had agreed to the conference asked by the
House upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on said bill, and had appointed, as the
conferees on the part of the Senate. Mr. Saw-
yer, Mr. Trumbull, and Mr. Bayard.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate insisted upon its amendments, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill of the House No.
2615, making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling so-called treaty stipu-
lations with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30. 1872, and for other purposes,
tad agreed to the conference asked by the
House upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on said bill, and had appointed, as con-
ferees on the part of the Senate, Mr. Cole, Mr.
Harlan, and Mr. Stockton".
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed House bills and joint resolu-
tions of the following titles, with amendments,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (II. R. No. 2579) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the year ending June 30. 1872;
An act (H. R. No 2304) granting a pension
to Anthony D. Havely ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 488) to enable
owners to obtain duplicates of lost evidence
of indebtment against the United States.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills and joint resolutions of the
following titles, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 1241) to adjust and fix the
compensation of the assistants employed in
the Library of Congress ;
An act (S. No. 1371) granting a pension to
Ellis A. Haines; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 326) for the ben-
efit of the Home Industrial School of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move that the House
non concur in the amendments of the Senate
to the Post Office appropriation bill, and ask
for a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes thereon.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
cincinnati and southern railway.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to suspend the
rules and bring before the House for consider-
ation at this time the bill (H. R. No. 3023) to
promote the construction of the Cincinnati
and Southern railway. The Committee on
Railways and Canals have unanimously, with
one exception, recommended favorable action
to be had upon this bill, and I move to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose 1 have named.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform the
gentleman, as to the effect of his motion to
suspend the rules to bring the bill before the
House for consideration, that that motion ex-
hausts itself with the bringing the bill before
the House, and that thereafter any motion to
suspend the rules on any other subject would
take precedence.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have no idea that any
motion would prevail as against this bill.
The SPEAKER. But such a motion could
be made, and repeated and repeated. The
gentleman must make his own election as
to how to frame his motion, but the Chair
advises him how the rules will operate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope an
arrangement may be made by which a clear
statement of the case can be made by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. ixgersoll,] after
which he can move to suspend the rules and
put the bill on its passage.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I agree to that. I ask
only ten minutes to explain the bill.
Mr. KERR. 1 object to any such arrange-
ment, unless we can have an opportunity for
debate all around.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
object if I ask for only five minutes? I have
not claimed the courtesy of the House this
session for reports from the committee of which
I am chairman. Unfortunately, that commit-
tee has not been reached during the present
session in the regular call of committees for
reports.
Mr. KERR. I have no objection to the bill
being discussed, but I ask that thetime allowed
for discussion be divided.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
agree that I shall be allowed five minutes and
that, he shall be given five minutes to reply?
Mr. KERR. I agree to that.
Mr. HAIGHT. I desire to know what bill
this is.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
title of the bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
- House bill No. 3023, to promote the construction
of the Cincinnati and Southern railway.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
request made by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Ingersoll.] He requests that he be
allowed five minutes to explain this bill, after
which five minutes will be allowed to some
gentlemen on the other side.
Mr. WINCHESTER. I desire to call the
attention of the gentleman from Illinois [llr.
ingeusoll] to his promise to allow some time
for debate on this bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am willing to allow
all the time which the House will allow me,
except five minutes to present the case and
two or three minutes to close the debate. Give
me five minutes to open and three to close,
and the other side may have all the rest.
Mr. COBURN. Will the gentleman allow
amendments?
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is what I wish to
avoid by discussion, and then to move to sus-
pend the rules, before, as the Chair has stated,
any other motion to suspend the rules can
intervene.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion
was to suspend the rules and bring the bill
before the House for discussion. The Chair
advised him that of course the motion to sus-
pend the rules would exhaust itself in bring-
ing the bill before the House, and that any
other motion to suspend the rules might super-
vene and cut off the discussion. That would
be the effect under the rules.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have accepted the
proposition which came from the other side
of the House, and am ready to proceed.
The SPEAKER. It has been proposed
that five minutes shall be allowed to each side
for discussion. The Chair has heard no objec-
tion to that proposition.
Mr. WINCHESTER. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have offered to allow
the gentleman half the time.
Mr. WINCHESTER. I object to any five
minutes' arrangement. There was an under-
standing that a fair opportunity for debate
would be allowed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I must move to
suspend the rules and put the bill on its
passage. It is a right bill._ There is no land
grant in it. It is for the interests,^ not only
of the citizens of Ohio, but of the citizens of
Kentucky and Tennessee.
Mr. BECK. That is not the fact. It is a
bill to extend the corporate limits of the city
of Cincinnati to Chattanooga, through Ken-
tucky and Tennessee, without allowing a Ken-
tucky or Tennessee man on this floor an oppor-
tunity of opening his mouth to be heard on
the bill. , „ • ,
Mr. STEVENSON. The whole North and
South want this railway across Kentucky, and
she refuses.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If they w,U not
allow us to debate, we will suspend the rules
and pass the bill now. The great Northwest
will have the right of way across the ot&te Ot
Kentucky. If it does not get it we appeal to
the nation.
