1148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
to amend an act entitled; ," An'^ct to revise,
consolidate, and amend the, statutes relating
to patents and.copyrights;" which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on PatentSj and ordered to be printed.
depositions de bene esse.
Mr. KERR. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary the bill (H. R. No. 3000) relative to the
taking of depositions de bene esse in courts of
the'United States, and to move that it be put
upon its passage.'
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information.; after which objections, if any,
will 'be in order.
The bill was read.
' Mr. JENCKES. I object.
testimony for. the departments.
Mr. POLAND. I ask for unanimous con-
sent to take from the Speaker's table the bill
(H. li. No. 2911) to provide for taking testi-
mony to be used before the Departments ;
which has been returned from the Senate \vith
an amendment, in which I propose to move
that the House concur.
There was no objection; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendment of the Senate was :
Page 1, line fifteen, strike out the words " from
whose court," and insert in lieu thereof the words
"of the district in which."
Mr. POLAND. This is merely a verbal
amendment. I move concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate-was
concurred in; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reissue of national bank notes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on Banking and
Currency, reported a bill (H, R. No. 3002) to
provide for the reissue of national bank notes,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second lime, recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency, and ordered to
be printed.
american loan and trust company.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, also, from the
same committee, reported back the bill (H.
R. No. 2462) to incorporate the American
Loan and Trust Company, arid moved that the
committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the same, and that it be referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
_Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There are cer-
tain amendments reported with the"fcill which
I ask to have printed.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
late fire at tub military academy.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
, fiesotved, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, requested to communicate to this House
ail information he may have relative to the late fire
at the Military Academy at West Point, and the
conduct of the cadets on that occasion; and any
further information he may have touching tile late
misconduct of the first class.
northern and northwestern frontier.
Mr. LAWRENCE, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on Appro-
priations the bill (H. R. No. 2703) for the
better protection of the northern and north-
western frontier, to facilitate commerce, and
to diminish the expense of the exchanges be-
tween States; and moved that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
indianapolis a port of delivery.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I ask unanimous
consent to report back from the Committee on
Commerce the bill (H. R. No. 2192) declar-
ing the,city of Indianapolis, in the State of
Indiana, a port of delivery, and to move that
it be put on its passage.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I object,
unless there is some explanation. I want to
hear what necessity there is for a port of
delivery at Indianapolis.
Tho SPEAKER. Objection being madfi,
the bill is not before the House.
disposition op military reservations.
Mr. MORGAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I am instructed by the Committee on
Military Affairs, which was authorized to do
so at any time, to report back, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass, with an amend-
ment, the bill (S. No. 569) to provide for the
disposition of useless military reservations.
The bill was read. It proposes to empovver
the Secretary of War to transfer to the custody
and control of the Secretary of the Interior,
for disposition for cash, according to the exist-
ing laws of the United States relating to the
public lands, after appraisement, to the high-
est bidder at not less than the appraised value,
nor at less than $1 25 per acre, the United
States military reservations at Forts Lane and
Walla-Walla, in the State of Oregon; Fort
Zarali, in the State of Kansas; Camp Mc-
Garry, in the State of Nevada; Fort Sumner,
in the Territory of New Mexico ; Forts Jesup
and Sabine, in the State of Louisiana; Fort
Wayne and Fort Smith, in the State of Arkan-
sas ; Fort Collins, in the Territory of Colorado :
Fort Dakota, in the Territory of Dakota ; and
such portions of the reservation at Fort
Bridger, in the Territory of Wyoming, as may
no longer be required for military purposes ;
provided that the Secretary of the Interior
shall, whenever in his opinion the public inter-
ests may require it, cause any of the foregoing
reservations, or parts thereof, to be subdivided
into tracts less than forty acres each, or into
town lots ; and provided also, that each sub-
division shall be appraised and offered sep-
arately at. public outcry to the highest bidder,
as hereinbefore provided; after which any
unsold land or lot shall be subject to sale
at private entry for the appraised value at the
proper land office; and provided also, that
should there be improvements of buildings or
of building materials or other valuable prop-
erty, the Secretary of the Interior shall have
them appraised ; and no patent shall issne for
the real estate until the improvements are paid
for at the appraised value thereof, under such
regulations as may be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior. The second section pro-
vides that the right is thereby granted to Dalles
City to have and use the waters of Mill creek,
flowing through tho military reservation of
Fort Dalles, Oregon, and the right of way to
convey the same through said reservation for
the purpose of supplying Dalles City with water
and for manufacturing purposes. The third
section provides that permission is granted to
the corporated authorities of Dalles City to
extend Liberty street southerly, on the line of
the same, through said reservation; and the
land lying east thereof be, and the same is,
granted to said Dalles City, in fee, upon the
payment to the United States therefor of the
sum of five dollars per acre. The fourth sec-
tion provides that the land thereby granted to
said city shall be surveyed under the direction
of the-surveyor general for the State of Ore-
gon, upon application to him made by the
mayor of said city; and the expenses of such
survey shall be paid by said Dalles City.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Military Affairs was as follows :
In lines sixteen, seventeen, and eighteen strike
out the words "Port Collins, in the Territory of
Colorado, and Fort Dakota, in tho Territory of
Dakota," and insert in lieu thereof the following
words, "such portion of the Tort Abercrombie res-
ervation as lies eastof ttio lted River of the North."
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I shall have to
object to this bill.
The SPEAKER. The committee has leave
to report it at any time.
The amendment reported by the committee
was agreed to.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Is there
a report with this bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not advised.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I think we ought
to have some explanation of this grant of
lands to a city.
The SPEAKER. The bill was passed by
the House some ten days since in concurrence
with the Senate. It was afterward, on motion
of the gentleman who reported it from the
Committee on Military Affairs, brought back
from the Senate by request and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, with leave
to report it at any time. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Morgan] has charge of the bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I would like to
have some explanation in regard to the grant
of lands to a city. There seems to be a grant
of land.
Mr. MORGAN. There is no grant of land.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Well, I would
like to have some explanation about the pro-
posed sale of land.
Mr. MORGAN. The land is to be sold
under no circumstances for less than $1 25 an
acre. It is to be appraised, and after adver-
tisement, sold for not less than the appraised
value.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORGAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bridge across the missouri river.
Mr. PALMER. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill (H. R. No. 1227) to authorize the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river, which has been returned from the Sen-
ate with an amendment, be taken from the
Speaker's table for the purpose of action now.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I ask that the bill
be read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to know at
what point this bridge is to be built.
The amendment of the Senate was read.
_ Mr. FINKELNBURG. I object to the con-
sideration of the bill now.
Mr. WILLARD. I demand the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being demanded, the morning hour
commences at twenty-seven minutes after
twelye o'clock, and reports of a private nature
are in order from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
adverse reports.
Mr. WILLARD, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported adversely upon the
following petitions and memorials, and moved
that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that
they be laid on the table ;
The petition of Charles E. Perry, for in-
crease of salary as United States consul at
Aspinwall;
"The petition of Matthew Maguire, a detect-
ive of Liverpool, England, for acknowledg-
ment of his services during the war in giving
information to the United States Government
of vessels trading with the southern confed-
eracy, &c.;
The ^memorial of John F. -Hildreth for re-
dress for injuries received at the Spanish
legation ; and
The memorial of Stephen G. Montano, a
citizen of Peru, praying compensation for a
balance alleged to be due him under au award
of the mixed commission with Peru of July
12, 1853.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLA.UD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the memorials, &c., were laid
