THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
brings roe to the conclusion, which I shall en-
deavor to sustain by the evidence, namely:
1. That Messrs. Bliss and Masterman were
unwisely and imprudently attached to the Amer-
ican legation in Paraguay by the act of Min-
ister Washburn.
2. That the forcible arrest of Messrs'. Bliss
and Masterman while under the protection
of the American flag was an outrage which
demanded prompt reparation.
3. That in submitting to the insult of Presi-
dent Lopez, in his refusal to grant passports to
Messrs. Bliss and Masterman, and in separating
himself from them in the streets of Asuncion,
and leaving them in the hands and at the mercy
of the Paraguayan authorities, was a serious
compromise of tke American flag, and could
not be justified upon any consideration of per-
sonal safety; and that Minister Washburn, in
justice to his position and the honor of his flag,
ought not to have accepted his passports un-
less permitted to withdraw with every member
of his legation.
4. That in the hostile and unfriendly attitude
assumed by Minister Washburn toward Lopez
and the Paraguayan Government in his rela-
tions and intercourse with the president of that
republic, and in associating Bliss and Master-
man with the American legation, one a British
subject suspected by Lopez of a conspiracy
with his enemies and the enemies of his coun-
try, both adventurers and of doubtful reputa-
tion, he committed a grave act of imprudence,
which resulted in most ifuot all the complica-
tions attending his residence in Paraguay.
5. That Admirals Godon and Davis, in com-
mand of the South Atlantic squadron, have
committed no act to subject them to the cen-
sure of this Government or the investigation
of a court-martial, said officers having, to the
best of their judgment and understanding,
complied with the instructions of the Navy
Department and received its approval.
C. That no legislation is required on the part
of this House growing out of the facts stated in
this record.
My first inquiry, Mr. Speaker, will be as to
the character and claims of the persons pre-
senting this memorial to Congress, their com-
plications with the Paraguayan Government,
and what practical relief could be afforded by
legislative action; and I will reiterate again
what I have before stated : that by the impru-
dent act of attaching these persons to his
legation, suspected, as Mr. Bliss admits him-
self to be, by that Government, of complicity
in a conspiracy against Lopez, in combination
with his enemies, and as both were, Minister
Washburn brought upon himself all the troubles
which resulted from his residence in Asuncion,
and his diplomatic relations with the Para-
guayan authorities.
Mr. Bliss makes his first appearance in this
record as a private tutor in the family of
General Webb, our late minister at Brazil.
His testimony before the committee left no
very favorable impression upon my mind either
as to his character or trustworthiness. The
apparent satisfaction which it seemed to afford
him to call attention to passages selected by
himself from a work which he claims to have
written under duress, derogatory to the private
character of his benefactor, Mr. Washburn,
was sufficient in itself to stamp him with dis-
trust. I do not think there can be much dif-
ference of opinion as to the impression left by
this person upon the minds of the committee.
His character appears to have been well estab-
lished in Paraguay, and will be found referred
to by many of the prominent witnesses in this
investigation.
Now, sir, I want to let this House know who
tliese memorialists are. I want to let the House
understand something about these men who
have come here and claimed that the usages
of this Government should be upset, that a
new line of policy should be indicated, and that
we should be called upon to enter into legis-
lation here which could only result in detri-
ment to the Government, and that, too, in the
face of the precedents which have existed from
its foundation. You will find, when you come
to look into this testimony, that, with the
exception of this ease of Mr. Washburn, there
is not a single instance which I am aware of,
when at any time the Navy of the United States
has placed itself in opposition to our diplo-
matic representatives at any court. I think
I am right, and my friend from Indiana will
correct me if I am not. I rely on the state-
ment of the Assistant Secretary of State, who
was called on to say whether any instances of
this sort, whether any collisions of this char-
acter, had ever occurred before during the whole
progress of this Government. He said, with
the exception of this ease, there never before
had been any such instance.
The whole question here to-day is whether
it is the purpose of the Congress of the United
States to apply to the Navy regulations which
existed from its origin with reference to our dip-
lomatic representatives here, there, and every-
where, or to establish an entirely new course
of proceeding. I say, with all becoming re-
spect, we should leave them to the international
law, which should control them in the exercise
of their delicate duty. But itis passing strange
that this conflict of authority should have taken
place in this particular instance, and that there
should be no record in the State Department
of any similar collision on any previous occa-
sion.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will tell you who these
memorialists are, and I only regret that, in the
full statement which has been made by my
honorable friend from Indiana, he did not give
a little more weight to those who were opposed
to the view which he has presented. I was,
however, glad to hear him speak in the terms
he did of General McMahon. I shall have
occasion hereafter to refer to the testimony of
General McMahon, a gallant officer, who was
engaged during the whole war of the rebellion,
and who came out of it having discharged his
duty like a brave man, and having received his
appointment to Paraguay as an evidence of his
loyalty and gallantry during that war.
The resolutions, Mr. Speaker, which I have
presented are from a minority of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, and I do not know that
the gentleman from Indiana had altogether the
right to say that I was the minority myself. I
am not sure that my friend from" New York
[Mr. Wood] did not agree with me.
Mr. ORTH. He expressly informed the
House when he presented the resolutions for
the gentleman from Maryland that he did not
agree with him.
Mr. SWANN. I was absent at the time,
and did not know that. I put the"question to my
friend, the gentleman from Indiana, whether
the last resolution he introduced, coming osten-
sibly from the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
had received the approbation and sanction of
the committee.
Mr. ORTH. I stated expressly that I offered
the last resolution in my own right.
Mr. SWANN. I did not hear the gentle-
man.
Mr. ORTH. I also stated that the rules of
the House prohibited me from saying what the
action of the committee had been.
_ Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Bliss makes
his first appearance in this record as a private
tutor in the family of General Webb, our min-
ister to Brazil. His testimony before the com-
mittee left no very favorable impression on my
mind, and I think I am justified in saying that
it left no favorable impression on the mind of
any member of that committee. He was looked
upon as an unworthy man, and I shall be able
to show in the course of this argument that he
had no standing in that committee, and that
he ought to have no standing in this House.
Masterman was a British subject, with intense
prejudice against everything American. If
his case was such as required redress, why did
he not seek the intercession of the British Gov-
ernment instead of coming to the Congress of
the United States?
Mr. Worthington, minister resident of the
United States to the Argentine Republic and
to Uruguay, states, in reply to a question:
"The gentlemen with whom I most generally asso-
ciated, tue American population, seem to have known
him, (Bliss.) I heard many English people talking
about him indifferently, also. I do not know that
they charged any specific act; but I have heard per-
sons there say that they had no doubt thatBiifs had
been employed and paid by both sides, by both bel-
ligerents._ X have heard such accusations. I do not
say anythingon this point of my own personal knowl-
edge, because I never saw Mr. Bliss, except during
that hour's conversation I had wiltl Iiimon board
the vessel. But I have hoard these gentlemen in
Buenos Ayres speak of him as a worthless, bumming
scallawag, who was not to be respected andousht
not to be believed."—Page 233.
That is the testimony of Mr. Worthington,
whose character, I believe, stands without
reproach.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Does the gentleman
know whether this is the same Bliss who was
subsequently sent to Mexico as the first sec-
retary of legation ?
Mr. SWANN. He is the same man who has
been honored by the President of the United
States with ahigh diplomatic position. I do not
care whether the appointment was really owing
to the President of the United States or io the
Secretary of State, but I say that the Presi-
dent has appointed to that post a man who has
no standing in this country or in any other
land. That is what I say.
Mr. DAWES. All because Mr. Worthing-
ton heard somebody say he was not worthy.
Is that the only reason ?
Mr. SWANN. No, sir. I assure you there is
cumulative testimony that what I state is cor-
rect, and I am not sure that on this point I differ
from the majority of the members of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. I doubt whether
my friend from Indiana [Mr. Orth] would
sleep with him. [Laughter.] I certainly would
not.
Mr. BECK. Did he not stand as high as
Martin Koszta did at the time Lieutenant
Ingraham released him?
Mr. SWANN. I do not think he did.
Mr. Worthington furtherstates that in Mon-
tevideo and Buenos Ayres, before he went to
Paraguay, the character of Bliss stood low for
integrity and veracity ; that he (Mr. Worthing-
ton) received a telegram from a gentleman at
Montevideo, informing him that from what lie
had heard from high officials in the allied army-
Mr. Bliss, while living in Mr. Washburn's fam-
ily, was acting as a spy upon Mr. Washburn's
conduct. He received other information from
gentlemen in high official position of a similar
character. General Webb in his testimony
(page 256, record) states that Mr. Bliss did
not seem to place a high estimate upon the
value of "truth," and in view of the rumor
which appears to have obtained currency, that
he (Webb) had dismissed him from his ser-
vice on account of the corrupting influence
which he exercised over his children, he does
not appear to have removed the unfavorable
impression which had been entertained of his
relations with General Webb's family. On the
contrary, in admitting that Mr. Bliss did not
attach a proper estimate to the value of" truth"
General Webb justifies the worst suspicions
which had been formed of his character. Mr.
Masterman, whose authority is not without
force in this connection, appears to have enter-
tained the like opinion of his colleague j and
their low estimate of each other seems to have
been mutual, as I shall presently show. On
page 273 of a work entitled Seven Eventful
Years in Paraguay, speaking of Bliss and his
confession, he says:
■4?^ more than this: with a hardihood scarcely
credible, he informed me that he had supplied eveiy
missing link m the evidence, not only against Mr.
Washburn, but all tho accused, excepting myself,
then m existence; and, worse than a 1, was proud
of it.
Js true, and I sincerely hope it is, that those*
wretched men would have perished without the j>ro-
aucaon of his confirmatory evidence,that their own
