1871,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1140
cn the table j and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOUN BLACK.
Mr. JUDD, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported back, with an amendment,
and the recommendation that it do pass, the
bill (H. It. No. 1071) for the relief of John
Black, late consul of the United States at the
city of Mexico.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read in full. It authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
John Black, late consul of the United States
at the city of Mexico, the rate of compensa-
tion allowed by law to charges d'affaires of
the United States, for his diplomatic service
to the United States, in Mexico, during the
suspension of diplomatic intercourse between
Mexico and the United States, from the 1st of
September, 1858, to the 15th of April, 1859,
inclusive.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to insert after the word "inclusive" "less
the sum actually paid as compensation for
consular service between the dates aforesaid."
Mr. KELSEY. Is there a report accom-
panying that, bill?
Mr. JUDD. There is ; and I ask that it be
read.
The report was read.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed,
Mr. JUDD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ANDREW TEN BROOK.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, a bill (H.
K. No. 884) for the relief of Andrew Ten
Brook, late consul at Munich.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
appropriation of $2,500 to Andrew Ten Brook,
late consul at Munich, in full for extra com-
pensation for diplomatic services rendered at
the Government of Bavaria, from April 1,1859,
to December 1, 1S61.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This bill contains an
appropriation, and I make the point of order
that it must receive its first consideration in
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. If the point of order is
insisted upon 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I insist upon the point
of order.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair must
sustain the point of order, and the bill will be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar.
Mr. WILKINSON, (subsequently.) I ask
that the bill for the relief of Andrew Ten
Brook be taken from the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar, and recom-
mitted to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
Mr. WILKINSON. Then I move to recon-
sider the reference of that bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I now move that the
biii be committed to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
RALPH KING.
Mr. ORTH. from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported adversely upon Honse bill
No. 2450, for the relief of Ralph King, late
consul at Bremen, and moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that the same be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
ALEXANDEB THOMSON.
Mr. ORTH, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely upon the memorial of Alex-
ander Thomson, late consul at Maranham,
Brazil, and moved that the committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE F. KOBIKSOJF.
Mr. SHELDON, of New York, from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported back,
with a recommendation that the same do pass,
a jointresolution (H. It. No. 501) for the relief
ot George F. ltobinson.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution was read. The first sec-
tion directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to George F. Robinson, late a private in
the eighth regiment of Maine volunteers, the
sum of $5,000 out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated. The second
section directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to cause to be prepared and presented to George
F. Robinson a gold medal with proper devices,
commemorative of his heroic conduct on the
14th of April, 1865, in saving the life of Hon.
William H. Seward, then Secretary of State
of the United States, the expense of said medal
to be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will reserve my point of
order until some explanation is made of this
joint resolution, or until the report is read.
The report was read, as follows;
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to wliom were
referred the resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Maine, declaring that the heroic conduct
of George F. llobinson, late a private in the eighth
regiment of Maine volunteers, in saving the life of
Secretary Seward from the knife of an assassin, at
the imminent peril of his own life and at the expense
of permanent wounds, should receive public recog-
nition by the Congress of the United States, to the
end that liis noble deeds may be known and remem-
bered by the American people, and that provision
may be made for his future welfare such as right
and justice demand and the generous impulse of a
grateful people require, respectfully submit the fol-
lowing report:
That on the 15th day of August, 1863, George 1?.
Robinson enlisted in the eighth regiment of Maine
volunteers. On the 2Uth day of May, 1864, at an
attack at Bermuda Hundred, made on General But-
ler's lines by the rebels, Robinson was wounded
very severely in the leg by a canister shot. He was
sent to Douglas hospital, in this city, where he lay
nearly a year undergoing great suffering from his
wound. On the memorable 14th day of April, 1865,
although his wound was not then entirely healed,
he was detailed from the hospital to act as nurse to
Mr. Seward, the Secretary of State, who, it will be
remembered, was confined to his bed by serious
injuries, a broken arm and jaw. At ten o'clock that
night Robinson was on duty in Mr. Seward's room,
when the assassin Payne sought that room to mur-
der the feeble, wounded, helpless Secretary, in pur-
suance of tho great conspiracy which ended in fill-
ing the whole civilized world with horror. The
Secretary was sleeping? the room was darkened:
Robinson, hearing a disturbance in the hall, opened
the door; a flood of light streamed on him from the
hail, on the threshold stood the athletic assassin, a
revolver in one hand and a hu<re bowie-knite in the
other. He saw against the wall the wounded, crazed
Assistant Secretary, with blood pouring from his
wounds. He caught the gleam of that terrible knife,
aimed at his throat; instinctively he struck up at
the assassin's arm to ward off the knife; partially
succeeded, but received the blow upon his head, and
was prostrated to the floor. Bounding over him,
Payne rushed on to the bed, and commenced wildly
striking with the knife at the throat of the Secre-
tary. Already he had cut the flesh olf from one
cheek jo the bone, and the blood gushed in torrents
over the pillow. This soldier, just from the hospital,
with his wounded leg not yet healed, enfeebled from
his year of suffering and pain, just prostrated to the
floor by a blow from that terrible kuite, springs to
his feet, and without one moment's hesitation, with-
out one moment's thought for himself, save, as he
swears, the ihougnt that he must die to save the
Secretary, without a weapon of *?ny description,
with a bravery never surpassed in the annals of any
country, he opposed his naked hands, his wounded
and enfeebled body to the terrible knifo of the gigan-
tic and desperate murderer. He seized the assassin
just the deadly knifo was about to bury itself in
the throat of the Secretary, and then commenced an
1 unequal struggle which seemingly can only- eoji in
| the death of the brave soldier. Having succeeded
| in dragging Payne from off the bed, be receives over
i his shoulder two deep woundsdown bis back, inflict-
ing injuries from which one side of his face and two
fingers of one hand are still partiallv paralysed. He
received two more wounds under his left shoulder-
blade, which proved nearly fatal, and received blows
about the head and face from the revolver. At last,
Payne probably becoming alarmed for his own safety,
should he spend more time in the house, wrenched
himself loose and fled, stabbing a messenger from the
State Department on his way down ptairs. Disre-
garding his own de>sperate wounds, the blood from
which was filling his shoes, with the help of Mr.
Seward's daughter, Robinson placed the insensible
and mangled form of the Secretary on the bed Irora
which henad fallen, and recovering the gashed cheek
with its flesh, he placed his fingers on the wounded
artery from which Mr. Seward's life was fast pass-
ing; and with the same coolness, thesame otter self-
abandonment, he kept his position, though scarcely
able to stand, and believing himself fatally wounded,
until relieved by the arrival of the Surgeon General.
After the Secretary's wounds were dressed, his own
were attended to, and he was the same night carried
back to the hospital.
On the 17th day of May following Robinson was
honorably discharged from the service. Finding him-
self unable to labor on a farm, by reason of his
wounds, he was obliged to sell his little place for
some Sl,2")0, and sought employment as a Govern-
ment clerk. He is now a clerk in the Quartermaster
General's department at a salary of $1,200 per year,
and has no other means of supporting himself, his
wife, and boy, except a pension of eight dollars per
month for wounds received on the field of battle.
Robinson is a modest man, of excellent character,
and a faithful and efficient clerk.
The committee unanimously recommend the pas-
sage of the accompanying joint resolution.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SHELDON", of New York, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint reso-
lution was passed ; and also moved that thu
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN SEYS.
Mr. SWANN, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported adversely upon the peti-
tion of John Seys, late minister resident at
Liberia, for arrears of pay, &e«, and also sub-
mitted a report in writing thereon, and moved
that the report be printed, the committee dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition, and the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
STEAMSHIP METEOR.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported back with an amend-
ment Senate joint resolution No. 24'2, relative
to the steamship Meteor.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro*
vides that the memorial of Robert B. Forbes,
John M. Forbes, W. H. Aspinwall, A. A, Low
& Brothers, Leonard W. Jerome, 10. B. Ward,
M. H. Simpson, James Lawrence, H. S. Rus-
sell, and Theodore Lyman, executors; Richard
S. Rodders, J. G. Cushing, W. B. Bacon, J.
P. Boyley, James Davis, and J. F. Tucker-
man, owners of the steamship Meteor, built
to be tendered to the Government for the pur-
suit of the rebel cruiser, the Alabama, and
wrongfully seized and detained at New "iork
in 1865, by authority of the United Sta'es,
and all papers relating thereto, be referred lo
the Court of Claims for examination and the
allowance of the amount of damages actually
sustained by said owners by reason of such
wrongful seizure and detention; the judgment
rendered by said court to be paid out ot the
appropriations duly made to pay judgments
rendered by said court.
The amendment of the committee was to
add to the joint resolution the following:
Provided. That said damages shall only include
detention, deterioration, and actual expenditures,
with interest upon the amount lound duo, and ex-
cluding all damages lor Joss of market or breaking
up tho voyage.
Mr. BANKS. The Committee on_ Foreign
Affairs have given very careful consideration
to this question, and have unanimously agreed
to recommend the passage of the Senate joint
resolution, with the amendment which has
