1871.
1761
trustees shall keep an office and an ag«nt in the city
of Covington, Kentucky, and in the city of Chatta-
nooga, Tennessee, upon whom service of process may
be made. They may sue and be sued in the courts
of tlie United Slates Oy the name of the Trustees of
the Cincinnati Southern Railway. They, and the
persons or company operating said railway as lessees
or otherwise, shall make an annual report to the
Secretary of the Interior, to be in such form, verified
in such manner, and containing such items as he
may prescribe.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That if any per-
son shall willfully do or cause to be done any act or
acts whatever, whereby any building, structure, or
other work, or any engine, car, or machine, or other
property of said railway shall be inj ured, impaired,
or destroyed, or stopped, the person or persons so
offending shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and on
conviction thereof by any court of competent juris-
diction shall be punished by a'fine of not less than
$1,000 nor more than $5,000, or by imprisonment not
less than two years nor more than five years, or both,
at the dis>cietion of the couit, and also forfeit any
pay to the party aggrieved double the amount of
damages sustained by means of such offense, to be
recovered by the party aggrieved, with costs of suit,
by any action of debt or case.
Seo. 17. And be it further enacted. That the follow-
ing words aud expressions in this act shall have the
several meanings hereby assigned to them, unless
there be something in thecontext repuenant to sueh
construction, that is to say: The word '* lands" shall
include not only lands and every estate therein, but
also easements and franchises therewith. The word
** trustees" shait mean the trustees for the time being
appointed under the said act of the General As-
sembly of the State of Ohio, and shall include the
said board ot trustees and their successors. The ex-
pression " line of railway and its appendages," shall
extend to and include the works and conveniences
ot the said railway, such as offices, stations, shops,
sheds, depots, car-houses, and other building6,
bridges, viaducts, tunnels, arches, piers, abutments,
embankments, approaches, ways, aqueducts, cul-
verts, sewers, drains, wharves, yards, fcnces, tele-
graph posts and wires, tracks, turn-outs and turn-
tables, and the rights of way and hands belonging to
said trustees whereon the said and other like works
and conveniences used in constructing, maintaining,
or operating said railway are placed. The expres-
sion '* act of th§ General Assembly of the State of
Ohio" shall mean the act of tkeGeneral Assembly of
the State of Ohio entitled t4An act, relating to cities
of the first class having a population exceeding one
hundred and fifty thousand inhabitants," passed on
the 4th day of May. in the year ,1869. The expres-
sion of " line railway" shall mean the line of rail-
way between the city of Cincinnati, in the State of
Ohio, and the city of Chattanooga, in the State of
Tennessee.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted. That this act
shall he deemed and taken as a public act, and as
such rioticc shall be taken of it by all courts with-
out the necessity of pleading the same, and may be
altered, amended, or modified by the Congress of
the United States, as the public good may require.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman who has this bill in
charge to line seven, on page 3, where it is
provided that—
The bridge across the Ohio river shall have an
unbroken or continuous span across the main low-
water channel of an elevation not less than ninety
feet above low-water mark, nor less than forty feet
above extreme high-water mark, as understood at
the point of location, measuring, for such elevation,
to the bottom chord of the bridge; and all the spans,
other than the one over the main low-water channel,
shall be atleast two hundred and fifty feet in length
in the clear, and the span covering the main low-
water channel shall be of such length as to leave at
least four hundred feet for unobstructed passage-
way for navigation at all stages.
That should also be applied to the Tennessee
river, which is an important fchannel for the
commerce of that section of the country.
Mr. KERR. Is debate in order? The bill
is not yet before the House.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
suspension of the rules.
Mr. KERR. I object to debate.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well; let us have
the vote.
The SPEAKER. The motion-is to suspend
the rules for the purpose of passing the bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The .yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 131, nays 62, not voting
47 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Banks, Barry, Bcamen,
Beatty,Bennett, Bethune, Bingham, Blair, Bowen,
George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler. Roderick R. Butler,
Cessna. Churchill. William T. Clark. Sidney Clarke,
Amasa Cobb. ChntonL. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook,
Cullom, Darr'all, Dawes, Degener,Nathan JT. Dixon,
Donley, Duval, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Finkeln-
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 111.
burg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hamilton,
Harris, Hawley, Hefiin, Hoar, Hoge, Holmes, Hotch-
kiss, Ingersoil, Jenckes, Julian. Keliey, Kellogg,
Ketcham, Knapp, Lafiin, Lash, Lawrence, Lough-
rid^e, Maynard, McCarthy. McCrary, McGrew, Mc-
Kec, McKen7ie, Mereur, Eliakim II. Moore, Jesse
H. Moore, William Moore, Morey, Morphis, Daniel
J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill. Morrissey, Myers,
O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Halbert E. Paine,
Palmer, Peck, Perce. Phelps, Piatt, Pomeroy, Por-
ter, Prosser, Rainey, Sanford, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shanks, Lionel A.Sheldon, JohnA.Smith, William
J. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strader, Strickland, Sypher, TafFe, Tan-
ner, Taylor, Tillman, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van
Horn, Van Wyck, Wallace, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Welker, Whiteley, Whitmore. Wilkinson,
Williams, John T. Wilson, Winans, Witcher, and
Woll—131.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnum,
Beck, Biggs, Bird. Booker. Jauies Brooks. Calkin,
Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox, Duke. Getz,
Griswold, Haight, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hainiil,
Hawkins, Hays, Hill, Holman, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Kerr, Lewis, Manning, Marshall, Mayham,
McCormick, McNeely, Mungen, Niblack, William W.
Paine, Poland, Potter, Piyce, Randall, Reeves, Rice,
Sargent, Schumaker, Sherrod, Rloourn, Joseph S.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Swann,
Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Ward, Wil-
lard, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and
Young—62.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Bailey, Benjamin,
Benton, Boles, Boyd, Burchard, Burr, Cake, Cleve-
land, Corker, Cowles, Dickey, Jospph Dixon, Doek-
ery, Dyer, Eidridgc, Ferry, Fox. Gibson, Hale, Hay,
Hooper, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Kelsey, Knott,
Logan, Long, Lynch, Milnes, Morgan, Negley, New-
sham. Peters, Rogers, Roots, Porter Sheldon, Shober,
Strong, Sweeney, Townsend, Voorhees, William B,
Washburn, Wells, Wheeler, and Woodward—17.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended, and the bill
was passed.
Mr. BECK. Is an amendment to the title
in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BECK. It should be a bill " to extend
the corporate powers of Cincinnati, over Ken-
tucky aud Tennessee."
BUSINESS UPON TIIE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to suspend the
rules to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the House proceed to business on
the Speaker's table, that debate be confined to
speeches of five minutes, that, if at the end of the
second speech the previous question be not sustained,
the pending bill shall be laid aside.
Mr. KELLEY. I suggest to the gentleman
the following as a substitute for his resolution :
Reaolved, That at twelve o'clock m. to-morrow the
House will proceed to business on the Speaker's
table under the following restrictions: as eaeh bill
is reached a debate of five minutes pro and con will
be allowed and also on one amendment, and if the
House shall then refuse to second the demand for
the previous question, the bill shall bo laid aside,
retaining its place on the Speaker's table, and no
dilatory action of any kind will be entertained, nor
shall a motion to adjourn be in order ^before half-
past four o'clock p. m.
Mr. SARGB>NT. I accept that as a substi-
tute for my resolution.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That is no
way to do business.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to move a sub-
stitute.
Mr. SARGENT. I will hear it.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to move as a sub-
stitute -that to-morrow at twelve o'clock the
House shall proceed to business on the Speak-
er's table to consider such bills thereon as
there is no objection to.
Mr. SARGENT. I cannot consent to that.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I hope the gentle-
man's motion will be voted down.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from California amounts to a suspen-
sion of the rules, and requires a two-thirds vote.
Mr. RANDALL. I give notice that if that
is voted down, I will then move to suspend the
rules so as to secure the consideration of bills
upon the Speaker's table, to which there is no
objection.
The SPEAKER. It would not be neces-
sary to suspend the rules to do that. Unan-
imous consent will do it. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I desire to know what the prop-
osition of the gentleman from California is?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It is a prop-
osition to rush through a number of jobs.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does it not require a sus-
pension of the rules to act otv this resolution?
The SPEAKER. It does not require a's&s-
pension of the rules to move to go to business
on the Speaker's table, but it does to go to the
business on the Speaker's table with conditions,
Mr. SARGENT. Of course it requires a
suspension of the rules to adopt my resolu-
tion.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I would inquire
whether, if this resolution is adopted, other
motions to suspend the rules can bo made
while the resolution is operating?
The SPEAKER. They cannot.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then it will compel
the House to go clear through the business oil
the Speaker's table and to act on every bill
there.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will explain
what he understands to be the effect of the
motion. It would compel the House to go to
business on the Speaker's table to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, and remain at that business
until half past four o'clock. The resolution
will then exhaust itself.
Mr. LOGAN. The resolution allows amend-
ments to bills, does it not?
Mr. FAENSWORTH. Only one amend-
ment.
Mr. KELLEY. It allows one amendment
anil five minutes' debate.
Mr. ARCHER. Would it cut off reports
of committees of conference?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would hold that
it would for the time being.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is it in order to inquire
how many land-grant bills there arc upon the
Speaker's table?
Mr. COX. I object to debate.
The question was taken on Mr. Sargent's
motion ; and there were ayes forty-eight, noes
not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Syjipson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
requested the House to permit the Secretary
of the Senate to correct his message to the
House of Representatives, delivered 011 the
25th of February, 1871, returning the bill of
the House No. 1582, authorizing terms of
the United States district court to be held at
Helena, Arkansas, so that the message shall
announce the passage of the said bill by the
Senate with amendments, in which the con-
currence of the House is requested.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to com-
plying with the request of the Senate?
Mr. BOLES. 1 object for the present.
coruection of a mistake.
The SPEAKER. By a mistake at the Post
Office Department a letter was addressed to
the Speaker of the House which was intended
to be sent to a committee of the Senate. Is
there objection to the Chair transmitting it to
the Senate 1 The Chair hears none.
protection of citizens, etc.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I report
back from the Committee on Reconstruction,
with an amendment in the nature of a substi-
tute, the bill (H. R. No. 3011) to protect loyal
and peaceable citizens of the United States in
the full enjoyment of their rights, persons,
liberty, and property, and to enable such citi-
zens'to preserve and perpetuate the evidence
of losses claimed to have been sustained by
them in the war in the States lately in rebellion.
Mr. BECK. I raise the question of consid-
eration.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let us hear
the bill first. .
Mr. BECK. I have no objection to the
reading of the bill, but I reserve the right to
raise the question of consideration. . ,
The Clerk commenced the reading of,the
bill.
