324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
As an appropriate winding up of the record,
so far as it applies to the characters of these two
men, I quote from a letter of Captain Kirk-
land, dated June 5, 1869:
United States Steames "Wasp, (fourth rate,)
Montevideo, June 5,1869.
Admibal : I have j ust read the reports of th e treat-
ment of Bliss and Masterman oa board the Wasp,
and am astonished that two such votary slanderers
should have received credit among our enlightened
countrymen.
Almost every assertion made in Bliss and Master-
man's memorial with which my name is connected
is either false or else is so entirely changed in spirit
as to render it untrue.
In Bliss's declarations, where my name occurs, I
believe the dates are correct: but the alleged con-
tents of the letters exchanged between Mr. Wash-
burn and myself are false. I attributed his bare-
faced lying before the tribunal and in my presence
to his fear of the Paraguayan officials, and therefore
took no notice of it beyond mentioning the fact to
the fleet-captain and to yourself, when I returned
on board from witnessing the declarations; but the
new series of lies against myself and the officers of
the Wasp, who did not invite the parties to mess with
them, require a word or two by way of remark.
In the first place, the cabin was fully occupied by
yoursolf, your fleet-captain, General McMahon, and
myself, and the ward-room and steerage were both
so full of occupants that two officers of your staff
slept on deck.
Secondly, I considered Bliss to be an unfit subjeet
to mess and live with gentlemen, as in January, 1863,
General Webb had him for a private tutor, and
brought him to this river from Bio de Janeiro, where
he left him, because he was a natural liar, whose
example the general feared would contaminate his
children. This I heard from the general's own lips
at that time. Bliss was also mentioned to me fre-
guently by "Washburn as "a most unprincipled man.
but a walking encyclopedia of knowledge." He was
further suspected bypartiesin Buenos Ayres of being
a spy in Washburn's house; and lastly, be was the
author of thescandalouspamphletagainstMr. Wash-
burn published in Buenos Ayres, in December last,
which, false or true, should forever damn the writer
among gentlemen. X also gathered from Mr. Wash-
burn's conversation, if not from his very words, that
Masterman was a poor, miserable creature, which,
judging from his manner, I should agree to; and I
am only sorry now that Ididnot plaeethepair entirely
by themselves, instead of having associated two such
slanderous liars with the petty officers of the ship,
who are deeent and honest men.
The report of Mr. Ijeckron, sworn to before the con-
sul, and that of Mr. Wisner, who was the olhcer of
the deck when the two men were brought on board,
have already been forwarded to you, and will, I
hope, be laid before the committee of the House
ordered to investigate the Paraguayan affair.
J. am,sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. A. KIRKLAND,
Commander United States A'avy.
Rear Admiral C. H. Davis, United States Saw,
Commanding South Atlantic Squadron.
Now, I will state, Mr. Speaker, in reference
to the memorial which has been presented to
the House, that these men ask no indemnity
for any losses which they may have sustained.
They do not profess to have sustained any losses
by reason of the conduct of Lopez and the Par-
aguayan Government. Whatever we may think
ot Lopez and his Government that Government
has ceased to exist. What then is the occasion
for action on the part of this House in refer-
ence to this memorial, which has been presented
for our consideration by these two individuals,
and for some action on the part of this House?
The memorial concludes by praying " that
such action may be taken as the national honor
and justice to your petitioners may demand."
It would be difficult to say what more eould
be required at the hands of this Government
than has already been done. These men were
delivered into the custody of Admiral Davis,
on his demand, without conditions, as an act
of friendly courtesy toward the United States,
and are now at liberty. In the mean time
the Paraguayan republic has ceased to exist
under the rulership of President Lopez, and
of course is m no situation to make repara-
tion of any sort. I cannot express in too
strong language, Mr. Speaker, my disgust at
the impudence and assurance of these two men
iu the presentation of this memorial. With
Mr. Bliss X have no sympathy. Mr. Master-
man was a British subject, and if his case was
as flagrant as he would have this House believe,
why did he not apply to his own Government
for relief, instead of this appeal to the Ameri-
can Congress?
Let us proceed now to the graver feature of
this investigation touching the conduct of the
late American minister in Paraguay.
There can beno doubtof the established and
recognized-principle of international law which
relates to the immunity and privileges of min-
isters and their domestics in foreign coun-
tries. The act of Congress of August 18, 1856,
is very strong in prohibiting a minister from
attaching any one to his legation without the
express authority of the appointing power at
home; nor could persons so attached claim
the same official recognition as those hold-
ing their commissions from the President of
the United States. But it is, nevertheless,
conceded that the inviolability of a minister
attaches to every person of his household.
Upon this point Vattel says :
"The persons in an embassador's retinue partake
of his inviolability; his independence extends to
every individual of his household. So intimate a
connection exists between him and all those persons
that they share the same fate with him; they imme-
diately depend on him alone, and are exempt from
thejurisdiction of the country,in to which they would
not have come without such a reservation in their
favor. The embassador is bound to protect them,
and no insult can be offered to them which is not at
the same time an insult to himself. If the domestics
and household of a foreign minister were not solely
dependent on him it is evident, at first sight, how
easily he might be dam aged, molested, and disturbed
in the exercise of his functions. These maxims are
at present everywhere adopted and confirmed by
custom."— Vattel'a Low of Nations, page 497.
This able publicist makes a distinction be-
tween persons holding a commission from their
sovereign and persons attached to the house-
hold by the act of the minister himself:
" The embassador's secretary is one of his domes-
ties ; but the secretary of the embassy holds his com-
mission from the sovereign himself, which makes him
a kind of minister, enjoymgin his own right the pro-
tection of the law of nations and the immunities
annexed to his office independently of the embassa-
dor, to whose orders he is, indeed, but imperfectly
subjected, sometimes not at all, and always in such
degree only as their common master has been pleased
to ordain."—Vattel, page 497.
Again:
" The persons in a foreign minister's retinue, being
independent of the jurisdiction of the country, can-
not be taken into custody or punished without -his
consent. It would, nevertheless, be highly improper
that they should enjoy absolute independence, and
be at liberty to indulge in every kind of licentious
disorder without control or apprehension, and some
writers will have that authority to include oven a
power over life and death."— Vattel, page 495.
It may also be proper to note in this con-
nection what is understood by the right of
asylum. Upon this point Vattel says:
" But the immunity and freedom of the embassa-
dor s house is established only in favor of the minis-
ter and his household, as is evident from the very
reasons upon which it is grounded. Can he take
advantage of the privilege in order to convert his
house into an asylum to affwd shelter and protec-
tion to the enemies of the prince, and to malefactors
of every kind, and thus screen them from the punish-
ments which they have deserved ? Such proceedings
wou d be contrary to all the duties of an embassa-
dor, &o.— Vattel, page 494.
I refer to this principle of international law
because of its direct bearing upon some of the
points which will arise in the course of this
argument growing out of the withdrawal of
Mr. Washburn from his mission, and the events
immediately preceding and connected with it,
Mr. Washburn appears to have entertained
but imperfect ideas of the duties and respons-
ibilities of a minister and the obligations
imposed by the laws of neutrality as between
friendly nations. The appointment of Messrs.
Bliss and Masterman as members of his lega-
tion was viewed as an act ot discourtesy, to
say the least of it, to the Paraguayan Govern-
ment. Mr. Washburn, after having refused
to follow the Government on the evacuation of
Asuncion, extended the right of asylum not
only to these two men, but to a number of
others who were charged with offenses against
the Government, and were believed by Lopez
to be in complicity with his enemies. Howfar
some of these persons may have imposed upon
the credulity and unsuspecting nature of the
minister it is not for me to conjecture. It
cannot be denied, however, by any one that a
little more caution on the part of Mr. Wash-
burn would have been more in accordance with
what the Paraguayan Government had a right
to expect at the hands of a neutral and friendly
Power, and might have prevented much of the
confusion to which he was subsequently sub-
jected.
_ In my opinion the right of asylum was grossly
violated by Mr. Washburn, and the Paraguayan
Government had just cause to complain of the
suspicious if not hostile attitude ki which he
placed himself when he positively refused to
follow the Government on the evacuation of
Asuncion, when asked to do so by the minister
of foreign affairs, and in accordance with inter-
national usage, and gave up his house as a
rendezvous tor those who had brought upon
themselves the displeasure of the authorities.
Mr. Washburn was the representative of a neu-
tral and friendly Power. However he may have
despised Lopez, it was not his business to inter-
fere with his institutions or to give aid and
comfort to his enemies. There was no duty
imposed upon him by his mission which should
have been more scrupulously adhered to than
that of the strictest neutrality.
I speak of Mr. Washburn with all possible
respect. I am only discharging my duty as a
member of the committee, and I am not dis-
posed to shrink from the discharge of that duty
whatever may be the effect of this investigation
which I have honestly made. My honorable
friend from Indiana has spoken of the honor
of the American flag and the dignity of the
American Government. There is no man upon
this floor who would insist more strongly than
I would upon the honor due the American
flag; but I regret that I cannot agree with the
majority of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
that Mr. Washburn has respected the glorious
flag of the Union as any member upon this
floor, acting as an American minister and rep-
resenting the American Government, would
have done under like circumstances.
Lopez was no doubt a, tyrant. I am not
here to defend him, although I am by no means
prepared to believe one half of the cruelties
which are alleged to have been committed by
him. But Paraguay did not stand alone in
this charge of cruelty and inhumanity. It
attached to all of the contending Powers ; it
marked the conduct of the war on both sides.
Brazil presented an example of a despotism
that knew no bounds and recognized no re-
straints in the perpetration ofits acts of tyranny
and oppression. It is a notable fact, in the
face ot all the charges against Lopez, that he
controlled in a larger degree the support of
his people than any sovereign that has ever
lived, and retained his hold upon them almost
to the end of his extraordinary career. Jn his
voluminous correspondence withSeiiorBenitez,
conducted by the latter gentleman with a skill
and ability that would have been creditable to
the most enlightened courtin Europe, the min-
ister of foreign affairs speaks of Air. Wash-
burn's unfriendly attitude toward his Govern-
ment. In his dispatch of July 16, 1868, he
says:
" Certainly my Government did not regard as an
act.of cordial friendship the permanence of your
excellency m Asuncion for an indefinite time with
such a number of refugees, and without apparent
motive, after its entire evacuation; but with iraak
friendship it has manifested its regret."
In another place he says, speaking of Bliss
and Masterman:
'Leaving aside the circumstances under which
these two individuals have arrived in the country
doesi not your excellency And something irregular
and not easily to bo explained in this conduct? But
6 ®nter into any discussion relative to
the gmns up or the dismissal of these individuals I
h™'H*11 might ^ appealingt„ iho
of fals wM^k'Y\x0<slliency.with thesimpte narrative
that made!""l the information
ofV and Bliss arc important members
fLL ? '0n winch, ny agreement with tlio
trv inrVvTffnw J!"'0 far0.'k<"n out sl,orliv >n the coun-
termi^H ne"'jirow of its government and the cx-
(.,f }.he which combats lor its cxtst-
wr!-11 undoubtedly suffice to
to etnetn?hD-13f0r • Umted States of America
s.ucn infamous criminals from his hotel.
th« 'aration, made after that which 1 had
S set forth m my note of the 11th instant,
wnenjou asked for a specific statement of the charges
