1762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. COX. I move to reject the bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let it be
read.
Mr. OOX. We all understand it. I make
th$ motion to reject the bilL
The question was put; and there were—ayes
50, noes 78.
So the House refused to reject tlie bill.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
but before concluding,
repeal of doty on ct>al.
Mr. WOOD moved to suspend the rules and
to pass a joint resolution to repeal the duty on
coal.
The joint resolution, which was read, repeals
all laws or parts of laws imposing a duty on
foreign coal, the repeal to take immediate
effect.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How does
the gentleman get this subject before the
House?
The SPEAKER. By a motion to suspend
the rules.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. While
a bill is being read?
The SPEAKER. The bill was being read
uuder the rules; this is a motion to suspend
the rules.
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. Wood ; and upon a division there were—
ayes 92, noes 25.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. Towxsejjd called for tbe yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays, and there—were thirty seven ayes.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the
last voie) the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. IiAMILL. I move that this joint reso-
lution be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order, pending a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. IIAMILL. Then I move that the
House now adjourn.
Mr. WOOD. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. ■ The regular order is the
motion to adjourn. Pending a motion to sus-
pend the rules, one motion to adjourn is in
order.
Mr. ARCHER. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays—and there were sixteen ayes, not one
fifth of the last vote.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HAMILL called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers; and there were twenty in the affirmative,
not one lifth of a quorum.
The question was then taken on the motion
of Mr. Wood ; and there were—yeas 146, nays
40, not voting 48 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Asper, AUvood,
Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Baraum, Barry, Beaman,
Beatty, Beck. Bennett. Benton, Bethune, Biggs,
Bird, George M. Brooks. James Brooks, Buckley,
Bullinton, Roderick It. Butler, Calkin, Churchill,
"William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke. Amasa Cobb,
Coburn. Conger, Conner, Cook, Corker, Cox. Crpbs,
Oul loin, Darrall, Da wcs.Degener, Dickinson, Nathan
3?. Dixon, Docltery, Dox, Duke, Ela. Famsworth,
Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Pitch, Fox, Garfield,
Griswold, Haight, lialdetnan, Hale, Hamilton, Haw-
ley, Hay, Hays, Heflin, Hill, Hoar, Hoge, Holman,
Holmes, llotchkiss, Ingeisoll, Jenckes, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kellogg, Kerr,
Ketcbain, Knapp. Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Lewis,
Logan, Long, Loughridge, Lynch, Manning, Mar-
shall, Mayham, MeCoriuiek, McCrary, McNecly,
Jesse 11, .Moore. Morey, Morgan, Satnuel P. Morrill,
Morrisscy, Mungcn.Niblack.Orth, Packard, William
W. Pame, Palmer, Peck, Pomeroy, Potter, Price,
Jtainey, Reeves, Rice, Sargent, Sehumaker, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon. Porter Sheldon, Shober, Sloeum,
John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stone.
Sfonghtnn. Strong. Sypher. 'Faffe, Tanner, Trimble,
Twiehell, Tyner, Upson, Van Auken, Van- Trump,
Waid, G.tdwaiader C. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Wclker, Weils, Whiteiey, Wiilard. Williams,
Winans, Winchester. Wolf, Wood, and Young—146.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer. Aimstrong, Ayer,
Blair, Boles, Booker, Burd'-tt, Cessna, Clinton L.
Cobb, Dickey, Donley. Duval, Getz, Gilfillan, Ham-
Bleton, Hamill, Kelley, Maynard, McCarthy, Mc-
Grcw, McKenzie, Merour, William Moore, Morphis,
Myers. Negley. O'Neill, Packer, Phelps, Piatt. Por-
ter, Prosser, Randall, Scofield, William J. Smith,
Stiles, Stokes, Strickland, 3warm, Taylor, Tillman,
Townsend, Wallace, and John T. Wilson—46.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Benjamin.
Bingham, Bowen, Boyd, Buck, Burchard, Burr, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Cake. Cleveland, Cowles, Joseph
Dixon. Dyer. Eldridge, Ferriss,Gibson, Harris, Haw-
kins. Hooper, Alexander H. Jones, ICelsey, Knott,
McKee, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, Daniel J. Mor-
rell, Newsbain. Halbert E. Paine, Perce, Peters,
Poland, Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Sawyer, Sherrod,
S-trader, Sweenqy, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Voorhees,
Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson,
Witcher, and Woodward—48.
So the rules were suspended, and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 521) was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HAWLEY said: My colleague, Mr.
Burchard, is absent,from the House in conse-
quence of sickness; if here he would vote "ay."
protection of citizens, etc.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I submit
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the rules be suspended, and the
House proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 3011, as amended by substitute, thefurtber read-
ing thereof being suspended, to the exclusion of all
other orders save reports of conference committees,
until the same shall be disposed of by the final vote
of the House thereon ; and that no dilatory motion
shall be entertained, except one motion to adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. What is the title of the
bill? It is only referred to by its number in
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is the bill which was
being read when the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] submitted his motion to
suspend the rules. The'Clerk will report the
title of the bill.
The Clerk read the title, as follows:
A bill (II. R. No. 3011) to protect loyal and peace-
able citizens of the United States in the full enjoy-
ment of their rights, persons, liberty, and property,
and to enable such citizens to preserve and perpet-
uate tho evidenco of losses claimed to have been
sustained by thorn in the war in the States lately in
rebellion.
Mr. STILES. I object to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution in terms
proposes to suspend the rules. It cannot be
objected to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for the
reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The resolution proposes
to dispense with the reading.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. COX. T object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I pro-
pose to modify my resolution.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, and-others
objected. (
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to modify his resolution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I modify
the resolution by inserting " and appropriation
bills" after the words "except reports of
conference committees."
Mr. LYNCH. I ask for the reading of the
resolution as modified.
The resolution, as modified, was read.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
resolution, there were—ayes 97, noes 54; less
than two thirds voting in the affirmative.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COX. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I wish to make a
parliamentary inquiry. If this resolution be
adopted, will it not require the House to pass
this bill before it can adjourn?
The SPEAKER. It would not do that, but
it, would require the House to " dispose of"
(not pass) the bill to the exclusion of any
other business except conference reports and
appropriation bills.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. The question in
my mind is whether that part of the resolu-
tion which provides that there shall be but
one motion to adjourn might not preclude
the possibility of adjournment, even ihough
a majority of the House should desire it.
The SPEAKER. The resolution not being
yet adopted, it cannot affect the motion to
adjourn already made.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. But there can be
only one motion to adjourn until the bill is
disposed of.
The SPEAKER. If the resolution should
be adopted, it will be for the Chair afterward
to construe it as to the results which may
follow.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. We want the
opinion of the Chair to guide our votes.
[Laughter.]
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 128, nays 66, not voting 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Allison. Ambler. Ames. Armstrong,
Arnell. Asper, Atwood, Bailey,TBanks, Barry, Bea-
man, Beatty, Bennett, Benton, Blair, George M.
Brooks. Buck. Buckley, Buffinton, Burdett, Benja-
min I?.Butler,Roderick R.Butler, Cessna,Churchill,
William T. Clark, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Coburn, Conger, Cook, Cullom, Darrali. Dawes,
Dickey,Donley,Duval,Ela, Ferriss,Ferry, Finkeln-
burg, Fisher, Garfield. Gilfillan, Hamilton, Harris,
Hawley, Hay, Heliin, Hill, Hoge, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kelsey, Ketcham; Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence,
Logan, Long, Loughridge, Lvnch, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McCrary, McGrew, McKee. Mercur, Jesse
H. Moore. William Moore. Morey. Morphis. Daniel
J, Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley,
O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Ilalbert E. Paine,
Palmer,Peek, Perce, Phelps, Piatt. Pomerov. Porter,
Rainey, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Lionel A.
Sheldon, John A. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,
Sypher, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend. Twiehell, Tyner,
Upson, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wallace, Ward, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wel-
ker, Whiteiey, Wiilard, Williams, John T. Wilson,
Winans, and Wolf—128.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Ayer,
Barnura, Beck, Biggs, Bird, Booker, James Brooks,
Calkin, Conner, Corker, Cox. Crebs, Dickinson. Dox.
Duke, Farnsworth, Fitch, Getz, Griswold, Haight,
Haldeman, Hambleton, Hamill, Hawkins, Holman,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Lewis, Manning,
MarshalI,Mayham,McCormick,McKenzie,McNecly,
Morgan, Mungen, Niblaek, William W. Paine. Pot-
ter, Price, Randall, Reeves, Rice. Schumakcr, Sher-
rod, Shober, Sloeum, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles. Stone,
Strader, Tanner, Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Wells, Wilkinson. Eugene M. Wilson. Winchester,
Wood, Woodward, and Young—66.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Benjamin. Bethune, Bing-
ham, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, Burchard, Burr, Cake.
Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Cowles. Degener, Joseph
Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon, Docliery, Dyer, Eldridge.
Fox, Gibson, Hale, Hays,Hoar. Alexander II. Jones,
Kellogg, Knott, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, Mor-
rissey, Newsham, Peters, Poland, Prosser. Rogers,
Sanford, Shanks. Porter Sheldon, William J. Smith.
Worthington C. Smith,Swann, Sweeney,Taffe,Voor-
hees, Wheeler, Whitmore, and Witcher—16.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended for the pur-
pose indicated.
During the vote,
Mr. MORGAN stated that Mr. Eldridge
was detained at his room by illness.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker's
table the following amendment of the Senate
to House bill No. 1478, to provide for cele-
brating the hundredth anniversary of Ameri-
can independence by holding an international
exhibition of arts, manufactures, and the pro-
ducts of the soil and mine, in the city of
Philadelphia and State of Pennsylvania, in
the year 1876:
Add to the bill the following as an additional
section:
Sec. 7. And the United States shall not bo liable
for any expense attending said exhibition or by
reason of the same.
Mr. REEVES. I object.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to suspend the rule's to take up and concur in
the Senate amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
88, noes 75.
Mr. REEVES demanded the yeas and nays,
and tellers on the yeas and nays.
