1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBUS:
against the culprit Leite Pereira, and after what I
have said above, is certainly not discharging of a
duty, but a friendly information that the intruders
in your legation have sheltered themselves there,
abasing the good faith and generosity of your ex-
cellency, in order afterward to abuse criminally its
immunities."
The headquarters of the American legation,
sheltering persons of all nationalities and all
shades of political opinion, appears to have
been a point of no ordinary interest, as ap-
pears by the correspondence of Senor Benitez.
Mr. Washburn was known to be hostile to
President Lopez, and placed himself in many
positions of serious embarrassment by his im-
prudence. Mr. Masterman says in his book,
(page 245:)
" Mr.'Washburn did talk most imprudently. Among
ourselves it was very well to say what we thought of
the war and the charactcr of Lopez, but he used in
his blundering Spanish to tell things to natives, to
this very Don Benigno, to Berges, to many others,
and especially toa &inooth-spoken,flatteriagltalian,
named Parodi, who 4your excellencied' him into
the most perilous confidences, and then betrayed all
to Mrs. Lynch, which, perfectly right in themselves
as mere personal opinions, became treason and con-
spiracy if the point of view was shifted a little.
**And he placed himself in a false position from
the first. None kn^w better than he the character
of Lopez: that he was a cruel, selfish, unscrupulous
tyrant, wno, sooner or later, by slow degrees orsoine
great calamity, would inflict unspeakable misery
upon the people he ruled; for was he not writing a
book on Paraguay which the world was to wonder
and shudder at? And yet he could write such a dis-
patch as the one X have quoted from to the Marquis
deCaxias; could write to Benitez ' that he hoped to
see the allies defeated,' and that he 4 had strained
every nerve to provoke a war between Brazil and
the United Spates in favor of Paraguay.' And at
the very time he was writing thus he was recording
with the samepen, as it were,that Lopez was amon-
ster of iniquity, a coward, and a knave. As Dr. Can-
eras said idiomatically, *he was trying to eat with
both sides of his cheek/ "
Mr. Masterman further states that if be had
not known Mr- Washburn as well as he did he
should have been impressed with grave sus-
picions.
"Thedread he showed of any examination being
made of his papers puzzled me for a time, until I
found that it was the manuscript of his * history'
which imperiled him. But the very Jiaeales, the na-
tive prosecutors, began at last to believe, from, his
manner, tb a t the story they h ad themselves concocted
was true, and that the *papeles de Berges,' which had
never existed, were actually hidden in the iron safe.
I frankly confess that had I not known him person-
ally I should have thought so too."
All this goes to show the extraordinary state
of affairs existing at the American legation,
justifying the suspicions of the Paraguayan
authorities and the pitiable situation in which
Mr. Washburn had placed himself, humiliating
in the extreme as the representative of a great
nation, and degrading to himself and his Gov-
ernment. In further confirmation of what I
say, I will quote from the testimony of General
McMahon, (page '275, record:)
"I stated in my former testimony my belief that
Mr. Washburn at one time entertained the opinion
that a conspiracy in some form did exist, and in sup-
port of that belief, with the eonsentof the commit-
tee, I will refer to some of the correspondence on
which the statement was based. In the communi-
cation from Mr. Washburn to the Paraguayan min-
ister, Benitez, dated July 25. he says :
" * It if wi th profound regret that 1 find myself com-
pelled to differ with the Government of Paraguay
in regard to the case of Mr. Bliss and Mr. Master-
man; but if any man has reason to respect firmness
and strict adhesion to duty it is his excellency Mar-
shal Lopez. After having maintained a struggle
almost unparalleled in history for national inde-
pendence, and having endured years ot toil, danger,
and sacrifice to defend his country and maintain a
principle, he cannot but regard in another the same
firmness and the same adherence to conviction and
duty with respect and approval.
" 'That the plot of which your highness speaks has
been detected and frustrated, 1 would ask you to con-
vey my most cordial and earnest felicitations to his
excellency Marshal Lopez. I well remember what
a thrill of horror ran through the civilized world
when the great and good Abraham Lincoln fell betore
a foul assassin, and the universal execration that trie
deed provoked. That any person should be touna in
Paraguay engaged in a similar plot, is to me horri-
ble beyond expression. Wilt your highness also
felicitatehis excellency the President for the return-
in0- of his birthday, and express my regret tuat 1 was
unable yesterday, owing to the pressing duty or pre-
paring this letter, to visit his excellency the vice
president at Luque, and formally ofter my congratu-
la"lln anotherletterto the minister on foreign affairs,
dated August 11, 1868, hewntes:
'"It is fortunate &r me that Ikad notlefcthe coun-
try previous to the discovery of this plot. Though
my dispatches to my Government would have com-
pletely disproved the declarations of the conspira-
tors, and though I have no doubt that the letters
which they have sent below-will show that I was
entirely ignorant of their plans, and that they had
not dared to confide them to me, yet the impression
would still have prevailed among many people that
I had been a party to the not only wicked but inex-
pressibly stupid plot/.
"In another portion of the same correspondence
Mr. Washburn writes to the same official, speaking
of letters which had been sent by the conspirators
into the lines of-the enemy under his ministerial seal
and privilege:
'"On the 28th of Auril last I sent away my last dis-
patches for Washington, to be forwarded below, and
thence passed by flag of truce through the military
linos. Whether I sent letters for other persons or
not I do not remember, but I presume I did, though
I do not recollect for whom.
" * Your highness expresses regretthatlshould not
have noted in my diary the names of the persons for
•whom I sent letters. I also regret it. But such is
the fact, and it is now too late to remedy it.'"
" 'I may have been wrong in sending letters for
anybody without first knowing their contents; but
as the minister of foreign affairs had already asked
me to do the same thing for him, I could not suppose
that the Government would object to my sending
family letters from persons holding no official posi-
tion.
"4I can make nothing of it, except that directly
under my eyes there was a horrible conspiracy being
formed of which I knew or suspected nothing, and
that the parties to it, after having abused my con-
fidence and hospitality* have sought to divert the
•world's indignation from themselves by implicating
in their crimes the minister of a great, a powerful,
and an honorable nation. I may bo wrong in my
suspicions. God knows I would not wrongfully or
unjustly accuse or suspcot anybody; but that there
has been treachery, ingratitude, and villainy prac-
ticed upon rae in some quarter is but too evident.
AH, however, will some day bo made clear, and the
guilty parties must hold a place in the history of
infamy never before paralleled/
"In a communication to tho same party, under
date of August 3, Mr. Washburn says:
"4 From this statement your honor will see that if I
have in anyway been the means of conveying intel-
ligence to and fro between the enemies and traitors
to Paraguay, I have myself been the victim of the
most damnable treachery and ingratitude. But I
yet cherish the hope that of those who have abused
my confidence the number will be found the smallest
possible. I cannot yet bring myself to acknowledge
that I am of a nature so credulous, and so unfit to be
a minister, as to have in my house for near five
months persons with whom I was on the most inti-
mate terms, and all whose thoughts I ought to have
known, yet who were at tho same time engaged in
any plotagainst theGovernmcnt without my suspect-
ing it. I yet cherish the hope that a full investiga-
tion will clear this legation of having given shelter
to such parties. ,• .
"4 As l before said, I do not think it strange that,
after the declaration of Berges, the Government
should have regarded me and those around me with
suspicion.' , „ ,,
"There are many other paragraphs ox the same
tenor."
I must be permitted to say, after looking at
this correspondence as I have done, and weigh-
ing it as I have done, that the officer who con-
ducted that correspondence on behalf of the
Paraguayan Government must have been a man
quite equal to any duty required at his hands.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ORTH. I hope the House will extend
to the gentleman from Maryland the same
courtesy that they extended to me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana asks that the time of the gentleman from
Maryland be extended. Is there objection?
The Chair hears none.
Mr. ORTH. Before my friend proceeds I
wish to ask him a single question. He has
referred to the gentleman who conducted the
correspondence on the part of the Paraguayan
Government; 1 would ask hira whether that
same gentleman was not subsequently assas-
sinated by Lopez?
Mr. SWANN. I believe he was. I do not
think he was too good to do such a thing.
The admissions of Mr. Washburn in this
correspondence are of a most damaging char-
acter, going to justify the rigorous action of the
Paraguayan authorities of which he so indig-
nantly complains, and established the fact, to
use his own language—
44 That there has been treachery, ingratitude, and
villainy practiced upon me (Washburn) m some
quarter is but too evident."
I will now pass, Mr. Speaker, to^ the grayest
charges for which Mr* Washburn will be called
to answer to the American people, namely:
the desertion of his'• prat€g€$it Messrs^' Blisfc
and Masterman, whom he claims to have been
members of the legation, in the streets-
Asuncion, by leaving them in the hands of the
Paraguayan authorities after they had been
forcibly wrested from him while under sthe
protection of the American flag. I am -not
here to argue the right of Mr.. Washburn to
attach these men to his legation or give them
the immunities which he claimed for themj
but Mr. Washburn, in his correspondence
with Benitez, assumed this right. In his dis-
patch to Senor Benitez, dated July 20, 1868,
Mr. Washburn says:
"The law of nations, asyou are aware, is very clear
and explicit, not only in regard to the rights and
immunities of ministers, but to all persons pertain-
ing to their legations. 'Such persons,'says Martius,
(Law of Nations, book 7, chap. 9, note,) 'are placed
under the protection of the law of nations, and are
consequently not submitted to the jurisdiction of the
country which they inhabit, even though it may be
their own. They cannot be tried for any of their
civil or criminal actions except bytheSta,te repre-
sented by the minister. The legislation of the prin-
ciple States of Europe is positive on'this point.'" *
* * * "'From the time that the persons .of
the minister's suite leave his servico they can be trjed
by the laws of the country where they are, if they are
not subjects of the sovereign represented by the min-
ister; in the contrary case, the minister cannot con-
sent to their extradition, or to their being' put in
judgment for things done previous to their leaving
him/ Thus you will see that Mr. Bliss and Mr.
Masterman, accused of specific crimes or offenses
committed while in my legation, and had left it,
according to this great writer, who, next to flj-y own
countryman, Mr. Wlieaton, is generally regarded as
the highest authority of-modern times on matters
of international law, I 'could not consent to" their
extradition, or to their being put in -judgment/ ex-
cept in their respective countries. ,
"Says Wheaton, (part iii, c. 1, sed. 15,) in speak-
ing of the immunities of a minister, 'this immun-
ity extends not only to the person of the minis-
ter, but to his family and suite, secretaries of lega-
tion and other secretaries, his servants, movable
effects, and the house in which he resides. (Sec. 16.)
The wife and family and suite of the minister par-
ticipate in the inviolability attached to his public
character/ * * * 4 In respect to crim-
inal offenses committed by his domestics, although
in strictness the minister has a right to try and pun-
ish them, the modern usagemerclyauthorizeehvm to
arrest and send them for trial to theirown country.
"Vattel.and all the authorities on international
law, so far as I have been able to consult them, agree
substantially with those I have quoted; and the law
being thus clearly and explicitly laid down, I would
ask you whether you would have me respect or vio-
late it ? Of course you will say respect iU How, then,
shall I send these members of my legation from my
house, even though they be accused, without a direct
and palpable violation of my duty as a minister?
Now, Mr. Speaker, after planting himself
upon the authorities to which he referred,
insisting uniformly that Bliss and Master-
man were members of his legation, let us see
how far Mr. Washburn showed faith in his
own teachings, or firmness to maintain them,
by the protection which he extended to these
men, whe*i seized in his presence by the orders
of Lopez and held as prisoners by the Para-
guayan Government.
On the 28th August, 1868, Lieutenant Com-
mander Kirkland, in command of the United
States steamer Wasp, addressed the following
communication to Mr. Washburn:
United States Steamer Wasp,
Paraguay Kiver, August 28,1868.
Sir : I have this day passed the allied squadron at
Taeuara, and have arrived with the United States
steamerWaspat theParaguayan lines. My instruc-
tions are to embark yourself and family, and to con-
duct you to such point of the La Plata, within the
line of steam communication, as you may choose.
I request that you will communicate to his'excel-
lency, President Lopez, the fact that this neutral ves-
sel is kept, by the orders of his subordinates, in an
exposed position, and one which is not allowable m
warfare, namely.between the linesofthe belligerents.
Will you be kind enough to arrange with his excel-
lency without delay some point within th-o Para-
guayan lines to which this vessel may proceed, m
order that I may comply with my instructions r
I am, sir, ^dient^erYa^^^
Lieutenant Commander United States
Commanding United States Steam^rWcop.
His Excellency Chables A. Washburst. .
United States Minister liesvient at Asuncion.
Lieutenan t Co m mander Kirkland, m his "
muuication dated harbor of Montevideo, Sep-
tember 22, 1868, says: .
" On the Idth Septemberlreceivedon board from a
