326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
Paraguayan steamer Hon. Charles A. Washburn, his
"Wife, child, private secretary, man-servant, and
maid-servant. On the 11th I called on President
Lopez, at his headquarters back of Yiletta, and took
leave of him. He expressed the utmost desire to be
■on friendly relations with the United States, deplor-
ing at thesame time whathe termed the unprincipled
conduct of Mr. Washburn. I thanked him for his
feelings toward the United States, but declined to
discuss the action of Mr. Washburn."
Mr. Washburn (page 4 record) gives this
account of his departure from Asuncion;
"At last we got ready to go. Bliss, Masterman,
and myself talked it over as to what was best to do,
whether it was best to make a protest that I should
refuse to go without them, or whether I should march
out of the legation with the American flag covering
all of us. But we knew that everything we might
do of that kind would have no good effect, that it
would only enrage Lopez, and that a very little thing
would induce him to stop all of us. Our united
opinion was that if we could get away, that if I could
get away and give the alarm to our squadron as to
their situation, it would be the best thing for me to
do. They thought that probably before tbey wouldbe
killed something would come to their relief. I started
my family ahead ot us, that they could not see any-
thing of what might transpire. The i'rcnch and
Italian consuls went down to the steamer with us.
We had got to the front of my house, and just as we
stepped off the corridor into the street, there were
about fifty soldiers, without any officers that I could
see, and not one of whom could speak Spanish, who
rushed in and caught Bliss and Masterman, and a
negro servant whom Caverus had left there, and
took them right off to prison."
Mr. Masterman, in his work, thus describes
the scene:
"Mr. Washburn suddenly forgot that 'he had been
staying in the country solely to guard those who had
sought his protection,' and treated me with insulting
rudeness when X asked him to accompany us as far
as the street, in order that we might be arrested in
his presence. However, in the evening he relented,
and consented to take my personal baggage and in-
struments with him as his own."—Seven Eventful
Years in Paraguay, page 24-3.
"We left the house together, but Mr. Washburn
walked so rapidly that the consul and ourselves could
scarcely keep up with him, and he was a few yards
ahead when we reached the end of the colonnade.
There the police, who had been closing around us,
simultaneously drew their swords, rushed forward
and roughly separated us from the consuls. I raised
my lint, and said loudly and cheerfuily, 'Good by,
Mr. Washburn; don't forgetus.' He half turned Ins
face, which was deathly pale, made a deprecative
gesture with his hand, and hurried away. We, that
is.Mr. Bliss.thenegro Baltazara.and mysel f.were sur-
rounded by about thirty policemen, (the rest taking
charge of the legation.) who, with shouts and yells,
ordered us to march down to the pohcia."—Page 250.
Mr. Washburn appears to have had great
apprehension of his personal safety for some
time before the close of his official residence in
Paraguay. In his letter to Captain Kirkland,
dated September 8, 1868, he says:
"You know something of our situation. What
you are to do under such circumstances X am unable
to advise you. I only advise you to keep cool, and
do not turn tail upon us in our misfortunes. Do
not allow yourself to be forced below the squadron
till you get us on board."
That any good reason existed for such alarm
I cannot bring myself to believe. General
McMahon expressed the opinion that he was
at no time in danger. Lopez had no motive
to provoke the displeasure of the United States,
and any act of violence to the person of Mr.
Washburn would have brought down upon
him the indignation of this Government and
seriously imperiled the cause which he was still
hoping to maintain. His whole conduct shows
that while he was endeavoring to work upon
the fears of our minister, whom ho believed to
be his enemy, he took good care not to go be-
yond the limits of a presumptuous diplomatic
freedom, which, if things came to the worst,
be might hope to apologize for; and when
General McMahon succeeded to the mission,
hecouldnotilotoo much to signalize, by expres-
sions of cordiality, his desire to cultivate the
most friendly relations with the United States.
Throughout the whole correspondence with
the Paraguayan authorities Mr. Washburn, in
my judgment, failed to come upto the standard
of what was required of him. His language
was often subdued and apologetic, rather than
bold, outspoken, and defiant, as became the
representative of a great nation. Lopez pre-
sumed just in proportion as he manifested
weakness and indecision. The period of Mr.
Washburn's departure for the Wasp, with the
humiliatingcircumstancesattendingit, was one
of those fortunate occasions, when turned to
profitable account, which occur but once, and
seldom once in a man's lifetime. Emerging
from his hotel with the American flag floating
over him and those for whom he had claimed
the immunities of his official position, he could
not have separated himself from any member of
his legation, after what had occurred, without
dishonor and degradation. It was no time to
falter. Had he protested on the spot in the
name of his Government, whose flag had been
outraged, had he spoken as Lieutenant Com-
mander Kirkland spoke in his interview with
Lopez, had he indignantly refused to separate
himselffrom Bliss and Masterman, or any other
member of his household, had he defied the
military force which had been sent to intimidate
and overpower him, it cannot be doubted that
Mr. Washburn, with his entiresuite, wouldhave
been permitted to pass undisturbed.
This, I respectfully suggest, was his clear
line of duty, no matter what the personal con-
sequences to himself. When a minister en-
gages to represent his country in a diplomatic
capacity his life is in his hand. Mr. Wash-
burn should have fallen in the streets of Asun-
cion rather than have submitted quietly to the
dishonor of his flag. But, instead of courting
the applause which would have resulted from
any violence to his person in the unflinching
discharge of his duty, representing, as he did,
the most powerful nation upon earth, he hur-
riedly threw himself under cover of the guns
of the gallant Kirkland, and, feeling secure
against danger, addressed a communication to
Lopez, which, had it transpired in Asuncion
before his departure, might have led to the
release of Bliss and Masterman and saved the
dishonor of the American flag. But the golden
opportunity had been suffered to pass.
The bold and manly utterances of this use-
less letter to Lopez, after Mr. Washburn had
reached the Wasp, only increases the regret
that it had not been dated in Asuncion instead
of on board the Wasp, when the arrest and im-
prisonment of Bliss and Masterman had been
fully accomplished.
Passing, Mr. Speaker, from this untoward
winding up of the mission of Mr. Washburn,
and his departure from Paraguay, I will now
proceed to the general narrative of events in
that quarter.
My honorable friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Orth,] from the majority of the committee,
has recommended a resolution of censure upon
Admiral Godon, and subsequently, without
the sanction of the committee, he has intro-
duced a resolution to also censure Admiral
Charles H. Davis. These are two of the most
distinguished officers of the Navy of the United
States. It' there are any men connected with
that service who are more distinguished than
they are I would be glad to have them named.
Their record is the glory and renown of the
whole country. They have fought the battles
of their country. They come here not plead-
ing for the interposition of Congress in their
behalf, but they come here asking that they
may receive that consideration at the hands of"
this honorable body which they have a right
to ask as good and faithful officers. They ask
no more; they would not be satisfied with less.
Bear Admiral Godon sailed from the United
States to take command of the South Atlan-
tic squadron on the 21st of June, 1865, return-
ing in September, 1867, being on that station
about two years. His squadron consisted of
but one vessel at first, which was afterward
increased to six. Mr. Washburn arrived at
Rio some time in September. He was kindly
received by the admiral, and immediately
inquired for a gun-boat to take him to Buenos
Ayres. This was declined by Admiral Godon,
on the ground that there was no vessel at com-
mand suitable for such a service. There was
nothing in this first interview which could be
construed into the slightest disposition to retard
Mr. Washburn in reaching his destination ; in
fact, it was the first time Admiral Godon and
Mr. Washburn had ever met, and their rela-
tions seemed to be of the most friendly char-
acter. The Secretary of the Navy, in his dis-
patch of November 18, 1868, says :
"It has been my practice to give as specific in-
structions as possible to our naval officers, and to
impose upon them no greater responsibilities than
the occasion demands. In all cases approaching
this in magnitude and importance [at'uding to the
Paraguayan complication] they have been enjoined
to act in conjunction with the minister representing
the country at the Government in question."
My honorable friend from Indiana [ Mr.
Okth] alludes to the indorsement which has
been given by the Secretary of the Navy to one
of the resolutions reported by the committee.
Why, sir, that has been the custom of this
Government from timeimmemorial. When an
American admiral goes abroad it has been cus-
tomary, and it will so appear by an examina-
tion of the records of the State Department,
to give specific instructions to him to concur
with the diplomatic agents of this Government,
and to do whatever is necessary to facilitate his
discharge of any duty he may have in view which
may not involve the peace of the country.
This case involved many questions of a
highly importantcharacter—international com-
plications of the highest order. There was
the delicate question of blockade. There was
a disposition on the part of Mr. Washburn to
break this blockade, and an act. of that sort
would have been a casus belli. Admiral Godon
had no right to break the blockade ; he had no
right to arrogate to himself the war-making
power. He knew perfectly well that if he took
Mr. Washburn's instructions, instead of going
according to the general instructions of the
Department, he,and notMr. Washburn, would
have been held responsiblfe for whatever con-
sequences might have ensued.
Mr. MYEES. I would like to ask my col-
league on the committee a question. Was not
the blockade afterward broken ?
Mr.' SWANN. No, sir.
Mr. ORTH. The Shawmut was sent up.
Mr. SWANN. That was by consent.
Mr. MYERS. The gentleman says that was
by consent. I think not. A protest was made
on the allegation that the blockade continued.
The vessel was sent with Mr. Washburn on
board, yet no war resulted. Might not the
blockade as well have been broken at first as
afterward ?
Mr. ORTH. No consent was given.
Mr. SWANN. There were assurances that
satisfied the parties there would be no resist-
ance. They were sent there, as it were, to feel
the way.
Mr. ORTH. The Brazilian admiral pro-
tested against the passage of the Shawmut.
Mr. MYERS. Then, what I have suggested
was in effect true, that the blockade might as
well have been broken at first as afterward.
Mr. ORTH. That is true.
Mr. SWANN. If it had been done at first,
the inevitably result would have been war be-
tween the two countries.
Admiral Godon was an officer of experience,
in whom the Department had entire confi-
dence. This is abundantly shown by the tes-
timony of Vice Admiral Porter, as well as
the distinguished ability with which he dis-
charged the delicate trust confided to him dur-
ing his connection with the South Atlantic
squadron, and the unqualified approval of his
conduct by both the Navy and State Depart-
ments. No one can read his correspondence
during that period without being impressed
with his ripe experience, thorough acquaint-
ance with international law, and his fidelity in
what he thought to be right and in what he
believed to be the true interests of his country.
It was natural that Mr. Washburn should
have desired to be transferred with as little
delay as possible to his official residence at
Asuncion ; but it was not less incumbent npon
the commander of the station to see how this
would affect the condition of affairs; which he
