1764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
of the joint resolution by inserting the word
"southern" after the word "Illinois." •
The motion was agreed to.
REBECCA J. SIIEM'ARD.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, by
unanimous consent, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (8. No. 887) for the
relief of Rebecca J. Sheppard, of Philadelphia.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue a new bond for $100,
with coupon for interest falling due upon May
], 1865, to Rebecca J. Sheppard, of Philadel-
phia, in place of a coupon bond for n like
amount, No. 29697, fourth series of loan of Feb-
ruary 25,1864, the same having been destroyed
by fire, provided that before such duplicate
bond shall issue satisfactory security §hall be
given to protect the Government against the
presentation of the original bond or its coupons.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed, two thirds voting in favor thereof.
Mr. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NORMAN WIARD.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I ask unanimous
consent to have printed and recommitted a
report of the Committee of Claims on the bill
for the relief of Norman Wiard.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
smoking in tub hall op tub house.
Mr. TWICHELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the sixty-fifth rule of the House be
amended by adding the following words :
Smoking is prohibited within the bar of the House
or the galleries.
M^ FARNSWORTH. That is not neces-
sary. Is not that the rule already ?
The SPEAKER. There is no rule upon
the subject. The Chair has been appealed to
by a great many gentlemen to prevent smoking
in the House, but he has no power.
Mr. NIBLACK. There ought to be a rule
prohibiting it.
Mr. SARGENT. There certainly ought to
be such a rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection, and the amendment to the rule is
agreed to.
ADMIRAL AND VICE ADMIRAL.
Mr. LOGAN. I submit a report from a com-
mittee of conference, which I ask to have read.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senato to the bill (H. It. No. 2509) to abolish the
offices of Admiral and Vice Admiral in the Navy
having met, after full and free conference have failed
to agree, and request that they may be discharged
and that a new committee may bo appointed.
JOHN A. LOGAN.
BENJAMIN I1. BUTLER,
Managers on the part of the House.
A. H. CRAGIN.
JOHN P. STOCKTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. I move that another com-
mittee of conference be appointed on the part
of the House.
The .motion was agreed to.
EVENING SESSION FOlt DEBATE.
Mr. DAWES. There are several who de-
sire to have an evening session for debate. I
ask, on their account, that the House take a
recess to-day until half past seven o'clock,
the evening session to be for debate only, and
no business of any kind transacted.
Mr. RANDALL. Oh, no; give them a
chance to print.
Mr. COX. I object to the motion.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose to have a
session for business. There is no business
demanding the attention of the House this
evening.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope there will be no
objection to a session for debate. Several
gentlemen desire to speak.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. DAWES. Then I move a suspension
of the rules.
Mr. COX. Very well; I will withdraw my
objection.
Mr. Dawes's motion was then agreed to.
LOST EVIDENCE OF INDEBTMENT.
Mr. FERRISS. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 488) to enable the own-
ers to obtain duplicates of lost evidence of
indebtment against the United States, which
has been returned from the Senate with amend-
ments.
There was no objection ; and the amend-
ments of the Senate were read and concurred
in, as follows:
Strike out all'after the enacting clause, and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and hereby
is, authorized and directed, whenever it is proved
by clear and satisfactory evidence that any duly
registered bond of the United States, bearing inter-
est, issued for valuable consideration in pursuance
of law. has been lost or destroyed, so that the same
is not held by any person as his own property, to
issue a duplicate of said registered bond, to be so
marked, of like amount and bearing like interest
as the bond so proved to be lost or destroyed : Pro-
vided, That the owner of suoh missing bond shall
file in the Treasury a bond in a penal sum equal to
the amount of said missing bond and the interest
which would accrue thereon until the principal
thereof is due and payable, with two good and suf-
ficient sureties, residents of the United States, to
the"approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, with
condition to indemnify and save harmless the United
States from any claim because of the said lost or
destroyed bond.
Amend the title by striking out " evidence of in-
debtment," and inserting in lieu thereof " and
destroyed registered bonds of."
election contest tift vs. whiteley.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House certain papers in rela-
tion to the contested-election case of Tift vs.
Whitely from the second congressional district
of the State of Georgia ; which were referred
to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. YOUNG. I move that these papers
be printed.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. The ordinary
course is for the Committee of Elections to
designate what papers shall be printed.
Mr. YOUNG. These papers ought to be
printed.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I will not
object.
The papers were accordingly ordered to be
printed.
ALGERNON S. CADWALLADER.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table and
passed Senate bill No. 1370, for the relief of
Algernon S. Cadwallader, late collector of
internal revenue, fifth district, Pennsylvania.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
allow to Algernon S. Cadwallader, late col-
lector and disbursing agent for the fifth inter-
nal revenue district of Pennsylvania, the sal-
ary, commissions, and proper expenses of said
office, from July 22, 1866, to March 3, 1867,
inclusive.
Mr. RANDALL. Is there any report in
this case?
The SPEAKER. It is a Senate bill.
Mr. TAYLOR. This bill was reported unan-
imously by the Finance Committee of the Sen-
ate. All there is about the bill is this: Mr.
Cadwallader was appointed during a recess of
the Senate collector of internal revenue in the
fifth district of Pennsylvania, and he held the
office until the close of the next session of the
Senate. By virtue of the Constitution he should
then have gone out of office ; but he continued
therein until the close of the succeeding ses-
sion of the Senate, when he went out of office.
This bill merely provides for the payment of
his salary during the time when, by virtue of
the Constitution, he should have gono out of
the office. He fulfilled the duties of his office
with faithfulness in every respect, and I trust
there will be no objection to the passage of
this bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to know whether
there is any report in this case; and then I
want to know, further, how much money this
bill will take out of the Treasury.
Mr. TAYLOR. There is no report in this
case.
Mr. RANDALL. How much money does
this bill take out of the Treasury ?
Mr. TAYLOR. Only his salary for the time
he was in office.
Mr. RANDALL. That is all right.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA COLLEGE LANDS.
Mr. AXTELL. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table and
passed the bill (S. No. 325) amendatory of an
act entitled "An act to further provide for
giving effect to the various grants of public
lands to the State of Nevada," approved Juno
8, 1868.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I object to that.
Mr. AXTELL. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read. It proposes to amend
the fourth section of the act of July 8, 1868,
so as to read as follows:
And be it further enacted. That the lands granted to
the State ol California for the establishment of an
agricultural college by the-act of July 2,1862, and
acts amendatory thereto, may be selected by said
State from any lands within said State subject to
preemption, settlement, entry, sale, or location un-
der any laws of the United States. Such selections
may be made in any legal subdivisions, adjoining by
sides, so as to constitute bodies of not less than one
hundred and sixty acres, or they may be made m
separate subdivisions of forty, eighty, or one hun-
dred and twenty acres, respectively: Provided, That
this privilege shall not extend to lands upon which
there may be rightful claims under the preemption
and homestead laws, nor to mineral lands: And pro-
vided further, That if lands fee selected as aforesaid,
the minimum price of which is $2 50 per acre, they
shall be taken acre for acre in part satisfaction of
tbe grant, a-id the State of California shall pay to
the United States the sum of ®1 25 per acre for each
acre so selected, when the same shall be patented to
the State by the United States: Provided further.
That where lands sought to be selected for the agri-
cultural college are unsurveyed, the proper authori-
ties ot the State shall file a statement to that effect
with the register of the United States land office
describing the land by townshipand range, andshall
make application to the United States surveyor
general .for a survey of the same, the expenses of
the survey for field-work to be paid by the State,
provided there be no appropriation by Congress for
that purpose. The United States surveyor general,
as soon as practicable, shall have the said lands sur-
veyed and thetownship platsreturned totheUnited
States land office, and lands so surveyed and re-
turned shall for thirty days after the filing of the
plats in the United States land office be held exclu-
sively for location for the agricultural college; and
within said thirty days the proper authorities of the
State shall make application to the United States
land office for the lands sought to be located by sec-
tions and parts of sections: Provided, That any
rights under the preemption or homestead laws ac-
quired prior to the filing of the required statement
with the United States register shall not be impaired
or affected by this act: And provided further. That
such selections shall be made in every other respect
subject to the conditions, restrictions, and limitations
contained in the acts hereby modified.
Mr. AXTELL. I hope there will be no
objection to the passage of this bill. It makes
no new grant, but merely enables the Univer-
sity of California to enjoy a grant already
made. That, university is one of the most
noble institutions in our country, being strictly
a free university. It needs the money for tbe
completion of their buildings, and the passage
of this bill will enable it to obtain the means
for that purpose.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker. I hope there
will be no objection to this bill. The uni-
versity is a noble institution, and this bill is
