1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Mr. WILLARD. They sympathized with
their sons. * • • -
Mr. KELSEY. They gave whatever of
influence they had in favor of the rebellion. *
Mr. WILLARD. There is no evidence that
they gave any influence to the rebellion.
Mr. KELSEY. These cases, as the most
favorable of them all, are selected as pioneer
cases, to open the door to this class of legisla-
tion so as to restore everybody to the pension-
rolls; -no matter how disloyal they- were. My
objection is to opening the door at all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Willakt>] yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. WILLARD. Soon; not just yet.
Mr. BOLES. Does not the law now pro-
vide for a restoration to the rolls of all these
persons on proof of their loyalty?
Mr. WILLARD. I understand that the Com-
missioner of Pensions hasthatright. Butallow
me to say that I have supposed that the legis-
lation of this Congress and the action of this
House was gradually softening, at least toward
those who were not actively, violently, or out-
rageously engaged in assailing the integrity of
the Government of the United States during
the late rebellion.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not know that I under-
stand the gentleman.
Mr. WILLARD. I cannot yield now. Ihad
supposed that it was in accordance with the
opinion of the majority of this House—that
majority which the other day passed the bill
repealing the test oath—that those who were
not active participants in the rebellion should
not be followed by any further punishment by
the Federal Government.
As I have already said, I understand that
these two old pensioners, who served -their
country faithfully and gallantly in one war,
had no sympathy with and gave no aid or sup-
port to the late rebellion. They had sons, not
minois, but sons beyond their control and
authority, who were engaged in the rebellion.
Now, if this House proposes to visit, not the
sins of fathers upon their children, but the
sins .of children upon their fathers, then it will
be proper to say that no soldier who served in
the war of 1812, who was so unfortunate as to
have had a son who was a rebel, shall there-
after receive any recognition from the Gov-
ernment of his former services.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few moments?
Mr. WILLARD. I will do so.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire that this question
should be understood by the House before a
vote is taken upon it. We all know that in
1862 Congress passed an act suspending the
payment of pensions to all pensioners in the
States in rebellion. At the close of the war
we provided by law that all the persons who
had remained loyal to the Government and
could so swear should have their pensions
restored to them upon application at the Pen-
sion Bureau.
I hold in my hand here the form of oath
required to be taken by the parties making
application for the restoration of their pen-
sions. The case supposed by the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Willard] does not apply
here. A person is not required to swear that
he did not sympathize with any person who
was in the rebellion ; he is not required to
swear to that. But he is required to swear
that he did not sympathize with the cause of
the rebellion. All who can take this oath can
now have their pensions restored to them on
application to the Pension Bureau. At the last
session of Congress we discussed this matter
fully in a ease which came from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions. In that case a lady, the
widow of an officer of the United States, who
had been pensioned prior to the war of the
rebellion, came here and asked that her pen-
sion might be restored by a special act. It
was a very strong case, and was argued with
all the eloquence the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Sweeney,] who had- charge of the
case, was capable of employing. The House'
voted upon the question understandingly, and
the bill was defeated upon the ground4that
when we attempt to legislate in this way we
should remove all restrictions from all pen-
sioners in the southern States, and restore all
of them. If we enter upon the system of
restoring by piecemeal, one case a £ a time, a
large portion of the time of this House will be
occupied with these special cases.
I am not saying that the time has not ar-
rived to restore all those who in the southern
States were dropped from the pension-rolls,
inasmuch as we have provided for pension-
ing all the soldiers of the war of 1812. I pre-
sume there are in the southern States large
numbers of soldiers of the war of 1812 who
will be placed upon the pension-rolls by virtue
of the bill which was reported yesterday from
the committee of conference by the gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Willard.] Such
being the case, it probably would be good
policy for Congress to restore all the pension-
ers in the southern States who were dropped
from the rolls. But I am opposed to acting
upon isolated cases. The House at the last
session decided not to act in that way, but to
postpone the matter until all these cases could
be dealt with in one general bill.
Mr. WILLARD. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benjamin] did not, perhaps, hear
the remark which I made in reference to this
bill. These are the only cases which have been
referred to the committee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There are before the
Committee on Invalid Pensions very many
applications for restoration where the names
of pensioners in the southern States have been
dropped from the rolls.
Mr. WILLARD. I can readily understand
how cases of invalid pensioners coming before
the committee of which the gentleman from
Missouri is chairman would be liable to much
stronger objections than the case of a pensioner
for services in the war of 1812, who, by reason
of age and infirmity, could not have rendered
material assistance to the late rebellion.
But, Mr. Speaker, let me call attention now
to a provision in the bill to which the House
has agreed, granting pensions to the soldiers
of the war of 1812. The benefits of that bill
are confined to those—
"Who, at anytime daring the late rebellion against
the authority of the United States, adhered to the
cause of theenemiesof the Government, giving them
aid and comfort, or exercised the functions of any
office whatever under any authority in hostility to
the United States, and who shall take an oath to>
support the Constitution of the United States.
In considering this bill the committee came
to the conclusion that the provision in the bill,
as it was referred to the committee, declaring
that these pensioners should at no time have
sympathized with the rebellion was a cruel
and unjust provision with reference at least to
these old pensioners; hence the committee
struck out that provision and reported the bill
in such a form as to embrace all those who
have not been guilty of treason. Those who
have adhered to the enemies of the Gov-
ernment, giving them aid and comfort, are
excluded from the benefits of this bill; but
those who merely sympathized with the rebel-
lion are not excluded.
The recommendation of the committee in
the case now before the House is entirely in
conformity with the language and the spirit
of the bill to which I have just referred. It
has seemed to the committee just that these
old soldiers should enjoy during the little
remainder of their lives this recognition of
the fact that they once assisted in upholding
the honor and maintaining the dignity of our
country when attacked by an enemy both of
the North and of the South.
I yield for a moment to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Shanks.]
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, when we are
forgiving those who never did anything for the
support of the Government I think we ought
to forgive those who at some time have done
something in defense of the country. I hope
that no voice will be raised against extending
this measure of forgiveness to those who,
though in their age they may have sympathized
with the rebellious action of their children,
have never themselves participated in treason.
We have forgiven men who stood up in armed
rebellion and attempted to destroy the Repub-
lic ; and we ought not to hesitate to pardon
these old men who once defended the country,
and who in the recent contest merely looked
on as spectators of the sacrifice.
Mr. WILLARD. 1 demand the previous
question.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
62, nays 13; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKEK., under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Kelsby and Mr.
Willard.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 111, noes 12.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask for the reading of the
engrossed bill.
Sir. WILLARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn; and on that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. KELSEiT. If you will give me the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill I will
withdraw my demand for the reading of the
engrossed bill.
Mr. WILLARD. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn, and agree to that.
The bill being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time.
Mr. KELSEY demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 143, nays 19, not voting
78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, As-
per, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Barry, Beck, Bennett,
Bethune, Bingham, Bird, Blair, Botes, Booker,
George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Burchard,
Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick II. Butler,
Calkin, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Conner. Cowles,
Cox, Crebs, Culloni. Begener, Dickinson. Bookery,
Pox, Buke, Buval, Byer, Eidridge, Ferry, Finkeln-
burg, Fisher, Fox, Garfield, Getz, Gibson, Gillillan,
Griswold, Haldeman, Hale, llambleton, Hamill,
Hawley, ilay, Hays, Hill, Hoge, llolman, Holmes,
Hooper, Alexander 11. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Judd, Julian, Kelley. Kellogg, Laliin, Lash, Law-
rence, Lewis, Lynch, Manning, Marshall, Ma.yhnm,
Maynard, McCarthy, McCormick, MeOrary. Mc-
Grew, McNeely, Eliakiin II. Moore, Jesse H. Moore,
William Moore. Moruy, Morgan, Morphis, Morris-
sey, Newsham, Ni black. Orl.h, Packard. Pack or, Wil-
liam W. Paine, Palmer, Perce, Phelps, Plait, Poland,
Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Price, Prosser, Randall,
Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Scofield,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sher-
rod, Shober, John A. Smith, Stiles. Stone, Stough-
ton, Strader, Strickland, Swann, Sweeney, Tail's,
Tanner, Townsend, Twichell, Upson, Vjn Auken,
Van ilorn, Voorhees, \Vallaee, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Wells, Wiiitmore, Wilkinson, Willard, Wil-
liams, Kugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Witcner,
Woodward, and Young—143.
NAYS—Messrs Bearnun, Beatty, Benjamin. Buf-
finton, Cessna, Churchill. Bickey, Peniss, Hoar,
Jenckes, Kelsey, Peck, William J. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Strong, Taylor, Tyner, and John
T. Wilson—19.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Ambler, Archer,
Arnell, Axteli, Banks. Bainum, Benton, Biggs,
Bowen, Boyd, James Brooks, Burdett, Cake, Wil-
liam T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Amasa
Cobb, Cobum, Cook, Corker,Barrall,Dawes, Joseph
Bixon, Nathan F. Dixon, Bonley, Kla. Farnsworth,
Fitch, Haight, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Iletlin,
Hotchkiss, Ingersoil, Johnson, Kerr. Ketcbam,
Knapp, Knott, Logan, Long, Loughridge. McKce,
McKenzie, Mereur, Millies, Daniel J. Morrell, Sam-
uel P. Morrill, Mungen, Myers, Negley, O'iS'eill,
Halbert E. Paine, Peters, Itainey, Sargent, Sawyer,
Schumaker, Sloium, Josephs. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes, Sypher,Tillman, Trim-
ble, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Whiteley, Winans,
Wolf, and Wood—7S.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
