1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ills
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COVODB OBITUARIES.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
llemlved. That there bo printed, under the direc-
tion of the Clerk of the House, five thousand copies
of the obituaries of the late Hon. John Covode.
J. P. REED, OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. CESSNA, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported the following resolution :
Renolvnl, That there bo paid to J. P. Eeed, of
South Carolina, out of the contingent fund of the
House, the sum of $2,000 in full of all demands for
compensation and expenses incurred in attempting
to establish his claim toaseat'in this House from
the third district m South Carolina.
Mr. IvELSEY. I hope that will not be
adopted.
Mr. CESSNA. I demand the previous
question. It has the sanction of the entire
Committee of Elections.
The previous question wag seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. CESSNA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECONSIDERATION.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reconsider all
references and recommittals made to day.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object. I
desire to enter a motion to reconsider in the
case of a particular bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. If tbatpractice bepursued,
then it will be an end to the introduction of
bills by unanimous consent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was my pur-
pose, in offering the bill, to call it up on a
motion to reconsider, as I stated to several
gentlemen.
Mr. RANDALL. There was a clear under-
standing that motions to reconsider should not
be made; unanimous consent would not have
been given otherwise.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is this motion debat-
able?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] objects to
putting the motion in gross, and claims that
it, is not in accoidance with the rules of the
Ilunse lo move to reconsider and lay on the
table motions in regard to several bills. It
is, of course, not in order exeept by general
consent. ,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will except the bill I reported lor the
reissue of national bank notes, 1 will not object
lo bis motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am willing to except that
particular bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not object to the
motion, bat I want the gentlemen on the other
side to understand that they are asking a favor
of the House.
Sir. RANDALL. We are not asking a
favor; we claim what is our right.
- Mr. HOLMAN. I modify my motion, so
as to except the bill referred to by the gentle-
man from Ohio.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now enter a
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill (H. R. No. 3002) to authorize a reissue
of national bank notes was recommitted to the
Committee on Banking and Currency.
The motion was entered.
ijroliUM Of TUB IIOU8K,
. The SPEAKER. The Chair gives notice
that a quorum ot members is one hundred and
twenty-two smct> the adnussion of the gentle-
man from Georgia (.Mr, V  hitelky] yester-
41 rit Oon'<i. P>i; Sr-^.—No. 73.
day, and that the number required to demand
tellers is twenty-five. There are two hundred
and forty-one names borne upon the roll of
the House, making an entirely full House
with the exception of three vacancies.
ASSIGNMENT OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CESSNA. I ask unanimous consent
that Tuesday next, after the morning hour, be
set apart for the consideration of the report
of the Committee of Elections in the ease of
Mr. Rogers, claiming a seat from the State
of Tennessee.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
Mr. CESSNA. Well, I will say Wednesday
after the morning hour.
Mr. PETERS. Is there not a special assign-
ment of the report of the Committee on Edu-
cation on the case of General Howard for
Tuesday next at half past one o'clock?
The SPEAKER. There is; and this order
could not interfere with that, because that
order is to the exclusion of all other orders.
Mr. DICKEY. To the exclusion of all other
orders?
The SPEAKER. The House, by a suspen-
sion of the rules a week from Monday last,
ordered that Wednesday, February 14, at half
past one o'clock, should be assigned for the
consideration of the report of the Committee
on Education and Labor in reference to the
Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. DICKEY. I shall object to any spe-
cial orders that interfere with the appropri-
ation bills.
The SPEAKER. Of course all special
orders interfere with the appropriation bills.
Mr. DICKEY. Then I object to them.
Mr. CESSNA. I will modify my request,
and say Thursday morning.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to any day being
fixed.
Mr. CESSNA. Then I give notice that on
Monday I will move to suspend the rules so
as to have some time assigned for the consid-
eration of that case.
Mr. PETERS. I desire to ask unanimous
consent of the House that the Committee on
the Judiciary be allowed to report on Friday
nest, which is private bill day, to the exclu-
sion of other business, in the case of McGar-
rahan, commencing at half past one o'clock.
Mr. BINGHAM. That will include the
majority and minority reports, and the case is
to be considered then.
Mr. PEl'EltS. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. That case will take up
a good deal of time. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to dispose of it that day ?
The SPEAKER. It' it is not finished on
that day it will not go over under such an
order as the gentleman proposes. It will go
on the Speaker's table.
Mr. PETERS. We can just as well finish
it in oue day as not. ,
Mr. MAYNARD. If "when the brains
were out the man would die " we could afford
to give a day to the disposal of that case.
Mr. PETERS. Let us vote it up or down
and have done with it.
Mr CESSNA. I have agreed with my col-
league [Mr. Dicket] that 1 will only ask for
twenty minutes for the consideration ot the
case of Mr. Rogers.
Mr. DICKEY. With that understanding I
withdraw my objection.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman has not
the power to agree to contine the debate to
one hour.
Mr. BURR. I am satisfied that discussion
would be unavailing in that case, and there-
fore I object to any arrangement to take up
the time of the House with ii. I do not object
to the report of the committee being acted
upon without discussion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peibbsj
that Friday next is the third I'nday in the
month, and is assigned for business of the
District of Columbia under a special rule of
the House.
Mr. PETERS. Then I ask unanimous,con-
sent to move that Saturday next, at half past
one o'clock, be assigned for the consideration
of the report of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary in the McGarrahan case.
There was no objection ; and the motion was
entertained and agreed to.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
TREASURY AGENT, NEW YORK.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in answer to the resolution of the House of
December 12, 1870, in relation to the expenses
connected with the office of special agent of
the Treasury Department at New York; wbich
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
JAMES RIVER AND KANAWHA CANAL.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, in answer
to the resolution of the House of February 3,
1871, in relation to the survey of the James
River and K-anawba canal; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
INDIANS.
PEORIA, KASKASKIA, WEA, ETC.,
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, in regard to appropriation? for the
benefit of bands of Peoria, Kaskaskia, Wea,
and Piankeshaw Indians; which was ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
SALE OF WAR VESSELS, ETC.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in answer to a resolution of the
House of December 8, 1870, in relation to the
sale of United States vessels of war, trans-
ports, and other vessels during and since the
conclusion of the war of the rebellion; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
FUR-SEAL FISHERY, ALASKA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting to the House the report
of the special agent of the Treasury Depart-
ment stationed at St. Paul island, Alaska, in
charge of the seal fishery; which was ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
APACHE AND KIOWA DEPREDATIONS.
| The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary ot the
Interior, in relation to an appropriation of
$11,956'SO, for depredations committed by
the Apache and Kiowa Indians in May and
June, 1870; which was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations.
APACHE DEPREDATIONS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, in relation to an appropriation ot
730 for depredations committed by the
Apache Indians in May, 1870 ; which was
ordered to be printed, and relerred to the
Committee oil Appropriations,
COLLECTION OS' CUSTOMS, KTC.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting to the House a ura.it
of a bill in relation to navigation and the col-
lection of the customs ; which was ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
