1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1155
of the Interior, may be required to extend base and
meridian lines, and perform any other duties per-
taining to the public surveys in said territory of
Alaska, and until the appointment of a register and
receiver may be required, ex oMcio, to perform the
duties of such officers. .
Skc. 4. And be -it further enacterl%rSlh!Lt the coal
and timber lands of said territory of Alaska not
otherwise reserved by competent authority may be
entered and paid for by any citizen of the United
States, or person having declared his intention to
become such, the former in tracts not exceeding one
hnndred and sixty acres to any one person, at the
minimum price of twenty dollars per acre; and
timber lands in tracts not exceeding six hundred
and forty acres to any one person, at tbe minimum
prico of $1 25 per acre: Provided, That when such
lands are applied for before the public surveys are
extended over them tbe same may be surveyed at
the expense of the applicants, according to the pro-
visions of section ten of the act of May 30, 1862,
to reduce the expenses of the survey and sale of the
public lands of the United States, so far as the
same may bo applicable, and according to such reg-
ulations as may be prescribed by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office; and all applications
to enter such coal and timber lands, together with
the other necessary papers and proofs, shall be
transmitted by the surveyor general to the General
Land Office; and patents shall issue thereon as in
other cases: J'rovided, That when a tract is entered
in advance of the public surveys the surveyor gen-
eral shall make a plat thereof, indorsed with his
approval^ properly designated and numbered, to
bc^transmitted to the General Land Office.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That any person
whp shall cut any timber on the public lands of the
United Slates in the territory of Alaska, or shall
remove or be employed in removing such timber
from the public lauds, with intent to dispose of the
same for transportation to any part or place within
the United States, or for exportation to any foreign
country, or who shall take, dig, or mine, with like
intent, any coal from the coal lands of said territory
belonging to the United States, shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor, and shall be liable to indictment and
trial in any district court of the United States in
Washington Territory, Oregon, or California, and
on conviction shall pay a fine, for each offense, of
not less than $200 and not more than $1,000, or be
imprisoned for not more than six months, or both,
at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 6. Aiulbe it further enacted. That, until other-
wise provided by law, the district courts of the Uni-
ted States in Washington Territory, Oregon, and
California shall have original jurisdiction, and mas-
take cognizance of all offenses arising under section
five of this act, and shall proceed therein in the same
manner and with like effect as if such cases had
arisen within the district or territory where the pro-
ceedings shall be brought; and the surveyor general
or any of his deputies, or any United States officer
in said territory, and any person authorized, in writ-
ing, by either of them, or by the Secretary of the
Interior, shall have power to arrest persons guilty
of offenses under this act, and to take and deliver
over the same to the marshal of one of said courts,
who shall take charge of them in the same manner
as in case of arrests made in hiy own districts.
Skc. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, with the sanc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, may prescribe
all needful rules and regulations to carry this act
into effect; and the said Secretary ishereby author-
ised to grant permission to take such moderate
quantities of timber and coal from the public lands
in said territory as may be necessary for the pur-
poses of commerce in the waters of said territory:
Provided, That this act shall not extend to or author-
ize the disposal of the islands of St. George and St.
Paul, or any other islands which are now or here-
after may be reserved on account of seal-fisheries.
Mr. JULTAN. I move to amend, in order to
perfect the text of the bill. On page 4, line
nine, after the word "States" insert the fol-
lowing :
Or any owner or master of any vessel, or owner or
agent of any railroad, who shall knowingly transport
any coal or lumber which may be taken by them-
selves or others from public lands in said territory.
Mr. WARD. I would like to have my friend
from Indiana [Mr. Juliax] explain this bill,
and tell us how many officers it creates and
how much expense it involves. I would much
prefer to have a bill which would give this ter-
ritory to anybody who would take it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes, and
pay them $7,000,000 to take it.
Mr. JULIAN. I will explain the bill pres-
ently. I do not know what expense it will
occasion, but it will be less than the mischief
resulting from our failure to protect the coun-
try by proper legislation.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment, it was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Page 4, lines eleven and twelve, strike out tho
Words "Oregon or California."
The ameudmeut was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN. I offer also the following
amendment:
Line four, section six, strike out the words " Ore-
gon and California,"and after the word "territory"
insert tho words "in which said territory is hereby
included."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN. I also move to amend by
striking out all of section six after the* word
"brought," as follows:
And the surveyor general or any of his deputies,
or any United States officer in said territory, and any
person authorized, in writing, by either of them, or
by the Secretary of the Interior, shall have power
to arrest persons guilty of offenses under this act,
and to take and deliver over the same to the marshal
of one of said courts, who shall take charge of them
in the same manner as in case of arrests made in his
own districts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather]
to offer an amendment.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move to amend
by adding to the bill the following:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
affect or impair any contract heretofore made and
now existing in regard to tho fur-seal fishery or
business, or any act of Congress heretofore passed
in regard to the same.
Mr. JULIAN. I am willing to accept that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Washington Territory to offer an
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. I move
to amend as follows:
Add after section two the following proviso:
Provided, That the compensation of said surveyor
general shall be 63,000 per annum.
This bill, Mr. Speaker, adds immensely to
the duties of the surveyor general of Washing-
ton Territory. The amendment I offer makes
his compensation the same as that of the sur-
veyor general of Oregon. And I would take
this opportunity of saying to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Ward,] who made an
inquiry a few moments ago as to its revenue
and expenses, that the revenue derived to-day
by the United States from the Territory of
Alaska is five times as much as that derived
from any other Territory of the United States.
The question being taken on Mr. Gar-
fiei.de's amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN. I now yield to the gentle-
man from California, [Mr. Sargext.]
Mr. SARGENT. When this bill was under
consideration the other day, and made a spe-
cial order for to-day, I expressed the very
strong desire of myself and my colleagues that
Congress would solve the difficulty in which
all the people of the Pacific States are now
involved on account of there being no law of
the United States by which timber lands can
be purchased. The only method by which the
timber lands can be purchased under the land
laws of the United States is under the preemp-
tion law. But the preemption law is inopera-
tive at the height of three or four thousand
feet above the level of the sea, whereas the
timber lands run from three to seven thousand
feet above the sea level. It is impossible in
the frosts and snows of that elevated region
for any man to make a home, or to do anything
but go there in the summer months and take
timber for the saw-mill. In winter it is cov-
ered with ice aud snow, and settlement there-
fore is impossible: or if a man could winter
there he could do nothing in the way of culti-
vation. Any assumed compliance with pre-
emption laws in high altitudes would be a fraud.
There are several laws protecting the timber
of the public lands, the earliest sixty years
old, which provide that any person taking
timber from the public lands shall be liable to
imprisonment and a very heavy fine. Attempts
have been made since I have been in this Con-
gress to enforce these laws, to the great injury
oi" the people tlfere. They desire an opportunity
to buy tbe lands, and are willing to pay even
the double minimum for them. They want
to have the business of saw-milling made legit-
imate and proper. They are willing to act as
good citizens of the United States. But when
they want timber for the erection of their
buildings, or to repair them, or to rebuild them
in case of fire, they must take it from these
timbered mountains. And when all the tim-
ber they require for their mining operations,
to construct their flumes, &c., must come from
there, they cannot help themselves if they
would, but must go there in spite of the law
and take the timber.
Now I desire, and so do all my colleagues,
and so do the Committee on the Public Lands,
as I now understand, that a law shall pass Con-
gress by which these lands can be bought for
an adequate and reasonable price, and that
this business, which is so necessary, may be
legalized. With that purpose I have carefully
prepared some amendments to this bill, pro-
viding for this in California, Oregon, and
Washington Territory. The gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Julian",] however, objects that
it ought to be in a special bill. I believe that
this bill will not take up much time, and that
there will probably be fifteen or twenty minutes
left of the hour allotted for its consideration.
If the House will allow me, when this bill shall
have been disposed of, to bring that question
before the House in a separate form, instead
of tacking it on to this Alaska bill, I am willing
that my bill shall stand on its own merits.
Mr. JULIAN. I have examined the bill of
the gentleman from California in relation to
timbered lands, and I think it is a bill that
ought to pass. I think, however, that the two
questions ought not to be amalgamated in one
general bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
of the House that after the pending bill shall
have been disposed of I may present for con-
sideration the bill to which I have referred.
There was no objection; and leave was
granted accordingly.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, this measure
is recommended very urgently by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, and by the
Secretary of the Treasury; and the reason why
they urged the extension of the land laws over
that territory is that very valuable and exten-
sive coal-beds are to be found there, and the
coal is being taken off because there is no law
to prevent it. There are also very valuable
and extensive forests of timber, and there is no
law at all affecting that great interest.
The revenue laws were extended over this
territory as long ago as July, 186S. The land
laws have never been extended over it; and
having bought the territory, whether wisely or
unwisely, it is very obvious that the laws of the
United States affecting these interests should
be extended over the territory. The bill pro-
vides for that by making it a part of the sur-
veying district of Washington Territory, and
authorizing the surveyor general of that Terri-
tory to establish base lines and execute sur-
veys under the direction of the Interior Depart-
ment. It also provides carefully guarded penal-
ties against trespasses upon the land, either
in respect to its coal or its timber. It allows
coal lauds to be bought at a price not less than
twenty dollars an acre, and in quantities not
greater than a quarter section by one per-
son. But timbered lands, with a view to the
establishment of saw-mills and the manufac-
ture of lumber, may be bought under this bill
in quantities not exceeding six hundred and
forty acres ; of course, a less quantity may be
bought, but you may buy as much as six
hundred and forty acres. These are the
material provisions of the bill, and unless
some gentlemen desire to ask questions I will
move the previous question.
Mr. WARD. What I want to know is
whether this bill is going to cost us anything?
I think we have paid quite enough for this
worthless territory already.
Mr. TAFFE. I desire to suggest an amend-
