1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and approved there. There are one or two
facts in connection with the transportation of
cattle that ought to be known to the country.
It is known by actual examination that an ox
of fifteen hundred weight shipped at Utah loses
two hundred and thirty pounds on an aver-
age by the time he gets to Chicago. That is
proved by the record kept by Brigham Young,
who ships a very large number of cattle, and
who has paid particular attention to the subject.
My attention was drawn to the subject by the
gentlemen who have charge of the humanita-
rian society in New York, and I desire to
gratify them beyond all the railroads of the
country. It does the railroads no harm to do
right, and it is the same with individuals. It
is wrong to carry these animals in a starving
condition, to bring them in a sickly condition
to market, and let them be sold as food when
they are unfit to be used.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Conk-
ling] reminds me justly that one minute is of
more importance at this time than an hour of
a speech, and therefore I shall not say a word
more. I hope this bill will be allowed to pass.
It is one in which the whole country is deeply
interested.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, the State of
Nebraska is one of the great grazing States of
the Union, and there is oo question but that a
very large amount of the cattle consumed in
the cities of the East will and do now passover
the plains of the West. Whatever can be done
by legislation in States ought never to be done
by national legislation. That proposition is
admitted by us all, and with all our benevolent
inpulses and with all our benevoleut feelings
we cannot control everything and have every-
thing just as we desire.
If I were engaged in the transportation of
cattle to the eastern market, it would be my
interest as a dealer to have them carried in
such manner as that they should not depreciate
in value before they reached the point of des-
tination. They who would be my consumers
there, they who would purchase of me, would
feel it to their interest that they should receive
them in such manner as that they should be
able to put them in the market and dispose of
them accordingly. And the men of the coun-
try who patronize the butchers of the country
would have a drawback upon those who would
furnish them that they could not receive their
patronage unless they sold them healthy, whole-
some food.
With all these interests appealing to rail-
roads to carry cattle safely, mercenary as all
men are on this subject, 1 have no doubt that
there is power enough in the hands of the
capitalists of the country, and willingness
enough on the part of the railroads, to adapt
themselves to the interests of trade and traffic,
and power enough for the people in the States
to legislate in regard to the manner in which
stock shall be transported. I have no doubt
there is enough in all these instrumentalities
to guaranty all that is necessary in a Christian
land, and by virtue of whatever may be claimed
for Christian civilization. I therefore protest
that this is calling upon Congress in a master
of which we ought to take, I think, very little
jurisdiction ; and certainly w§ should not take
that jurisdiction until we have more of a
demand upon us than we have at the present
time. I doubt seriously whether it is right
and proper that we should undertake to con-
trol the manner in which railroads shall treat
the hogs and the sheep and the cattle of the
land. State legislation and the interests of
those who are engaged in dealing in stock. I
think, can remedy these evils themselves.
Mr. RICE. The amendment of the Senate
to the bill which was passed the other morning
was incorrectly engrossed, and I rise for the
purpose  .
Mr. CONKLING. I beg my honorable friend
not to interpose. Let us vote on this bilL
Mr. RICE. I wish to have a correction made
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to say to the hon-
orable Senator that this is the first bill I have
asked the Senate at this session to lake up
during the morning hour, and I am sure that he
will excuse me now if during the three minutes
that remain I ask for a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
recognize the Senator from Arkansas, if he
proposes to correct the engrossment of the
bill referred to, after the morning hour has
expired.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to amend the
bill under consideration by adding the follow-
ing as a new section :
And be it further enacted. That it shall be unlaw-
ful for any person to keep or confine in any coop or
house, or other means of confinement, any chicken or
chickens, or other fowl or fowls, for a longer period
than twenty-eight consecutive hours; but any such
chicken or chickens or other fowl so confined for the
period aforesaid, shall, after the expiration of said
twenty-eight hours, be turned loose and sot free, and
shall be fed and watered for the period of five hours;
and any person offending against the provision of
this section shall be subject to the penalties herein-
before mentioned.
Mr. CONKLING. That is a supreme joke.
Let us vote on this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware insist on the amendment?
Mr. SAULSBURY. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the amendment, for
all practical legislative purpose, is about as
sensible as the original proposition. I do not
think that either of them would result in any
good whatever.
As to carrying oxen, mules, cattle, hogs, and
sheep in cars in which they can be watered
and fed, that is utterly impossible. There are
usually about twenty bullocks put in one car,
crowded as close as they can get together, and
the closer they can get together the better,
because it prevents them from lying down,
and where they lie down in a car those who
lie down are always trampled upon by those
who are standing. In relation to hogs, there
are about sixty to sixty-five usually put in a
car, and they are carried in the same way.
This measure concerns in a very great degree
the shippers, feeders, and grazers of cattle in
Illinois probably more than any State in the
Union, because there is a larger amount of
stock fed, raised, and sold from Illinois than
from any other State of the Union to the east-
ern markets. It concerns also the State of
Ohio and my own State. The best men to
supervise the condition of their stock and to
carry it to market in the best condition, in the
most healthful and marketable condition, are
the owners of the stock themselves. It is to
their interest that the stock shall go to market
in the best possible condition of health and of
flesh; and they always look to those things
with unceasing care. They have competent
and experienced men tending every car of
stock, who travel with them from the place
and time they are loaded to their reaching
Albany or some other point in New York,
where they are unloaded and sold.
This whole matter ought to be left to them,
to the vigilance and interest and care of the
owners of the stock and of their competent
agents who have charge of them. Vu henever
you intervene by law and by the agents of the
law between them and their business, you in-
tervene without any practical good whatever.
The only end would be to create offices, to
create men, men with a little very vexatious
and'mischievous authority, who would be in-
termeddling with matters about which they
knew nothing and in which they have no
interest.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky will suspend. The morning hour has
expired, and the Army appropriation bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
from California [Mr. Coi.b] obliges me by con-
senting to yield informally to allow us to dis-
pose of this bill, which I think we can do in a
moment.
Mr. COLE. I will yield if there can be a
vote on it.
Mr. DAVIS. This bill is, in my judgment,
too impracticable, too officious in its interfer-
ence with a business that Congress is wholly
incompetent to regulate, too objectionable in
many of its features, to be passed without, argu-
ment, and I tell the honorable Senator from
New York and the honorable Senator from
California that it is not going to pass without
further debate.
Mr. CONKLING. Does not the honorable
Senator from Kentucky think we could vote
iutelligfently upon it despite this objection?
Mr. DAVIS. No, 1 do not think there is
any intelligence in the Senate on the subjeet.
[Laughter.] I think it would require a great
deal of information, a great deal of evidence
to be taken, to impart to the Senate anything
like a sufficient amount of intelligence to act
reasonably and sensibly upon this subjeet.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, Mr. Pfesidfent, I
may make this remark: very likely the time
will come, after we hear some argument that
we have not yet heard, when the Senate will
be convinced that under the. Constitution of
the United States we have not the power to
provide that animals carried from State to
State shall not be starved in the carriage.
When we do, it will advance one step certainly
the great body of human intelligence!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Army ap-
propriation bill is before the Senate ; before
proceeding to which the Chair, if there be no
objection, will dispose of some matters which
are lying on his table.
MESSAGE FEQM THE HOTJSB.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
R. No. 3033) to authorize the construction of
a bridge over the Mississippi river at Louis-
iana, Missouri, and also a bridge over the Mis- ^
souri river at Glasgow, in said State.
The message also announced that the Souse
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No, 520)
to amend section four, act of July 20, 3868$
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bill and joint resolution ; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bfll (H. R. No. 2936) for the relief of
Charles Cooper, Goshorn A. Jones, Jerome
Rowley, William Hannegan, and John Han-
negan ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 519) extend-
ing the time for the completion of the Port-
age Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal.
CODRTS IN ARKANSAS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By reason of
an error which occurred in the reprinting of
the bill (H. R. No. 1582) in regard to the hold-
ing of terms of the district court of the Uni-
ted States at Helena, Arkansas, which bill was
ordered on the 20th of February to be printed
j as amended by the Senate, the bill was sent
I to the House of Representatives without the
| amendments. If there be no objection the bill
1 will be now recalled from the House of ReP"
| resentatives for the purpose of transmitting it
! again in a corrected form, upon the request
of t.he Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Ricb.J
It is so ordered.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 520) to
amend section four, act of July 20  1808, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
LIBRARi' OFFICERS,
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senator from Cali-
fornia if he will extend the courtesy to me
