1160
HIE 0QM&RESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Mr. COLE presented a petition of citizens
of Stanislaus county, California, praying the
establishment of mail service between Sto'desto',
Langworth,and Knight's Jferry, m that county;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads^
He also'presented the petition of Peggy F.
Gibbs, praying ah increase of her pension;
■which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. COLE. I present also the memorial
of J. M. Hutchings, a settler in the Yosemite
valley, protesting against the passage of any
act that will interfere with his possessory rights
in that valley. He sets forth that the Legis-
late of California passed a bill in his favor
by a very large majority of both branches of
the Legislature and over the veto of the Gov-
ernor of that State; and he also sets forth a
copy of the concurrent resolution of the Legis-
lature of California appealing to Congress on
his behalf. He was settled there, I will state,
some time prior to the grant by Congress of
this tract of land to the State, and I am of
those who believe that a man may properly
settle upon the public lands even though they
are not surveyed, that he is not a trespasser,
that the public domain belongs to the people
in common, and that any person may go and
settle upon it and occupy it without being a
trespasser and as against the rights of any
other person and of all other persons except
those who are in possession prior to himself.
I move the reference of the memorial to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. McCREERY presented a memorial of
the trustees of the American Printing House
for the Blind, of Louisville, Kentucky, remon-
strating against the passage of the bill to
establish an American printing house for the
blind and American university for the blind in
the District of Colombia ; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. McCREERY. 1 present several peti-
tions of citizens of Kentucky, for the establish-
ment of a daily mail line from Carrollton to
Worth, in Kentucky, a distance of eight miles.
1 move that these petiiions be referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY". I suggest to the Senator
that that should properly go to the Department,
being an application for daily service. If the
route is already established, he had better
refer the application to the Postmaster Gen-
eral. Service upon a route allowed belongs
to the executive department, not to Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The establish-
ment of new routes is by Congress, but the
putting additional service upon existing routes
is a matter in the discretion of the Postmaster
General. If this is for additional serviee on
routes already existing, the application should
go, by the usage of the Government, to the
Post Office Department.
Mr. McCREERY. I will withdraw the
papers, then, and look into the facts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The papers are
withdrawn for the present.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mi'. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2797) to enable honorably discharged
soldiers and sailors, their widows and orphan
children, to acquire homesteads on the public
lands of the United States, have had the same
under consideration for some time, and have
instructed me to report it back with sundry
amendments, and recommend its passage as
amended. In support of this bill we have re-
ceived very numerous petitions. The amend-
. meats ot the committee do not allow the sol-
diers to assign their certificates of application
to enter. As amended by the committee the
bill allows them to reckon the time they served
in the Army as against that portion of the five
years required by law, so that the soldier or
sailor gets the benefit, if it is any benefit to
him. of the time he served in the Army or Navy
fo_ apply on the year's time required by the
preemption law. My own opinion is that it is
riot of great service, because when they enter
tfieir lands and get their patents they have to
fee'taxed for their lands, and if they stay the
five years, as the law now is, they are not
required to be taxed.
Mr. HARLAN. Is that the House bill?
Mr. POMEROY. It is.
Mr. HARLAN. Why not take it up now
and act upon it?
Mr. WILSON. We have not time this
morning.
The VICE PRESIDENt. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar, and the committee
discharged from the further consideration of
the petitions on the subject.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. E. No. 91) to authorize the pay-
ment for the loss and use of horses furnished
by the men of the first, second, and third
Indian regiments in the late war, reported
adversely thereon.
He'also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary Gordon
Moran, praying that Major General George
A. Gordon, late in command of Fort Griffin,
Texas, be reinstated in the service, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1421) for the
relief of Lieutenant Paris L. Reed, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of James
Smith, Granville Butcher, and others, asking
compensation for property lost in the service
of the United States, have directed me to
report it back and ask to be discharged from
its further consideration. There is a letter
received from the Treasury Department say-
ing that aportion of these petitioners have
already been paid and that the balance will
be paid upon making out their claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
will be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1895) for the relief of Major John
W. Todd, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. THAYER, from theCommitteeon Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 214) for the further relief
of the fourth and fifth Indian regiments, re-
ported it without amendment, and submitted
a report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (tl. li. No. 2284)
for the relief of William J. Clark, adminis-
trator of Gad E. Upson, deceased, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1024) for the relief of Prudence Davis, report
that this is a case for arrears of pension which
have not been granted for some time ; and we
therefore report it adversely, and move its
indefinite postponement.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of John Fagan, praying for a pension, moved
that the petitioner have leave to withdraw his
papers for the purpose of filing them at the
Pension Office.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Ernily S. French, widow of Lieutenant Joseph
H. French, praying for an increase of pension,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreechto.
He also, from the sum® committee, to whom
was referred the petition of F. A. Liebschutz,
praying an increase of pension, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
REPORT RBCOMMIl'TBD.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Committee on
Indian Affairs have instructed me to move that
report No. 837, with reference to th-i account
of the Northwest Fur Company, for provis-
ions and payment of men for the defense and
protection of Government property at Fort
Union in 1866 and 1877, and the claim of T.
Bruguin & Geowey, for subsistence furnished
for protection of the fort at the same time, be
recommitted to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
CHANGE OP LOCATION OF A BANK.
Mr. FENTON. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H.
li. No. 499) authorizing the Farmers' National
Bank of Fort Edward, New York, to change
its location and name, have instructed me to
report it back without amendment. The bill
is very short, and as the matter is represented
by those to be of importance in interest, I ask
that it be put upon its passage.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It provides that
whenever the stockholders representing three
fourths of the capital stock of the Farmers'
National Bank of Fort Edward, New York,
shall elect to remove the bank to the village
of North Granville, in the county of Wash-
ington, in that State, and the president and
cashier shall execute a certificate under the
corporate seal of the bank specifying such
determination, and shall cause it to be recorded
in the office of the Comptroller of the Currency,
thereupon such change of location is to become
effectual and valid. When such change 'shall
have beetf made as above provided the name
of the bank is to be changed to the North Gran-
ville National Bank, New York; and all debts,
demands, liabilities, rights, and powers be-
longing to the Farmers' National Bank of Fort
Edward are to devolve upon and inure to the
North Granville National Bank: and all actions
pending by or against the Farmers' National
Bank may be prosecuted by or against the
North Granville National Bank, in the same
manner and with the same effect as if such
change of location and name had not been
made. As soon as such change of name and
location shall have been made public notice
thereof is to be given by publication in a
weekly newspaper in the county of Wash-
ington, in the State of New York, for four
successive weeks.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
DISPOSITION OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. HOWE. The joint Committee on tha
Library, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 484) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Interior to dispose of certain docu-
ments, have directed me to report back the
joint resolution without amendment, and to
recommend its passage. It is very desirable
to the Interior Department that there should
be early action upon it. The joint resolution
has passed the House, and 1 should like to
have it considered now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the'joint resolution. It provides that
whenever there shall be in the custody of the
Department of the Interior any sets of the
documents of any session of Congress, or other
documents or odd volumes, not necessary to
supply deficiencies or losses that may happen
in the Library of Congress, in that of either of
the Executive Departments of the national
Government, in State libraries, or in teiri-
torial libraries, the Secretary of the Interior
shall distribute such docutaents mid volumes
