334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
invasion of its liberties by a domestic tyrant,
and without the heart even to organize a con-
spiracy which might obliterate from the earth
the demon in human shape that was dealing
destruction throughout the whole of his fair
domain.
Franeia, I say, inaugurated this order of
things in Paraguay. He reigned there for
twenty-nine years, solitary, isolated, merciless,
without companions, without counselors, with
no associates except the minions of his tyranny,
the subservient officers doing his slightest wish,
no matter how atrocious. Yet Franeia him-
self was almost an angel of light in comparison
with the second Lopez. He was succeeded
by Carlos Antonio Lopez, the reputed, and
only the reputed, father of the second Lopez;
a man probably without gross sanguinary
disposition on his own part; a man naturally
more humane than either his predecessor or
his successor, but avaricious of wealth; more
adroit in his administration, in that he was
enabled to extend the system of espionage,
which before was confined simply to families,
to whole communities, by which every remark
made by any person against the Government
was immediately reported by the person who
heard it, under the penalty that lie himself
would be reported by the person making the
remark and accused of treason and plotting
against the Government. Carlos Lopez ex-
tended this system by requiring that every
priest should pour into the ear of the Govern-
ment the confessions of penitents or whoever
might confess, in order that persons might be
wrested from their homes and dragged to the
prisons of the falsely-called republic.
There were, notwithstanding, many execu-
tions during this government, which lasted for
nineteen years; but there was not the heart-
less, cold-blooded cruelty which succeeded
under E'rancisco Solano Lopez. Francisco him-
self was sent to Europe by his reputed father
during the marshalship of the first Lopez, and
there lie became acquainted, unfortunately for
Paraguay, for his own reputation, and for the
world, with the creature called Lynch. In
reading the testimony taken before the com-
mittee, and from such othersources of informa-
tion as have been accessible to me, I am satis-
fied that many of the atrocities, that the blood-
thirsty and relentless spirit, that the torture of
womeu and children, which marked Lopez's
career, arose largely from the instigation of
this female fiend, who delighted more in these
tortures than did the natural malignity of
Lopez himself. Perhaps her motive was
utterly mercenary, for she used these tor-
tures to extort the money and jewelry of the
victims.
The first act of Lopez was to arrest and
destroy all of his father's counselors, among
others the chief justice and the president of the
only college or literary institution in the whole
country of Paraguay. They were arrested
under the pretense that they were engaged in
a conspiracy to destroy Lopez ; and before he
himself was warm in his seat, before Ins char-
acter had been developed to the monstrous pro-
portions which it afterward reached, they were
dragged from their homes, not tried in our
idea of trial, but tortured in order to wring
frotn them confessions, not to implicate them-
selves merely, but to drag in others, so that
the widening circle might not be stayed but
more helpless and innocent victims might be
bmught in to gratify the taste of Lopez for
blood.
Alleged conspiracies, originating in his own
brain, were the favorite means used by Lopez
t > bring within his power all the men whom
he might wish to destroy. Under this pretense
thousands of persons were, tortured by the sepo-
Uruguayano, by the lash, by all fiendish means,
until lite was almostextinet, and then, scarcely
a'uie to stand a's they went to the place of ex-
ecution, when another turn of the wheel of
torture would extinguish their lives, when of
no more use to feed the greedy eye of Lopez
and tickle his ear with their groans, they wera
shot. This web of conspiracy, originating in
the brain of Lopez, was finally sought to be
entangled about the American minister, to be
used for his destruction. Men were arrested
and tortured, and told what confessions to
make. Confessions, indeed, were written out,
and they were required to sign them, implicat-
ing Mr. Washburn in some conspiracy against
Lopez. But of this hereafter.
The spies of Lopez were everywhere through-
out the whole country. The gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Swank] wonders much at the
control Lopez had over the people of Paraguay,
and argues some heroic virtue in him that he
could keep a whole people under his hand. The
result of his reign, sir, was the destruction of
all but twenty per cent, of the whole popula-
tion of the country at the time he came into
power, the most of those who were left being
women and children. His control of that peo-
ple is to be accounted for in many ways. The
means are shown by the testimony taken before
the committee. He had effectual means to get
rid of those whom he suspected, and his sus-
picions, or pretended suspicions, were contin-
ually fed by his system of espionage; a system
perfected by himself, and which embr&jed not
only the priest of the confessional, who was
compelled to reveal the secret utterances of his
penitents, but also the intercourse of the most
intimate friends. If any man in Paraguay
uttered a word of criticism of Lopez he and his
hearer must run a race to the chief of police
to report the words. If either lagged in the
intelligence he was soon arrested, one for ut-
tering, the other for hearing and not report-
ing treason against the Government. It was
the highest crime to criticise Lopez. A sol-
dier who related to his companions round a
camp-fire some words called over the lines by
the enemy against Lopez was shot by order of
Lopez, and all his hearers were flogged with
fifty lashes. And this espionage was inaugu-
rated all through the country, in every house-
hold, so that father was set against child, and
child against father; husband against wife, and
wife against husband; sister against sister, and
brother against brother. Everybody was drawn
within its folds; compelled under terrible pen-
alties to publish to the Government all that
they might hear, no matter under what seal of
domestic confidence. Is it possible for con-
spiracies to be organized under such circum-
stances as these, where no man can speak to
his neighbor without danger, without certainty,
of instant denunciation? Talk about conspira-
cies! The wonderful thing is that no man did
arise or that no body of men did associate in
Paraguay with the heart and the nerve to strike
to the earth that monster of infamous villainy.
And the only explanation of it is that this
system of espionage was so complete that it
netted the whole country with its infamous
strands, and made even communings with a
man's own thoughts dangerous.
Men thus drawn into the tyrant's toils were
treated with the cruelty to which I have alluded,
so that many men, not merely Bliss and Mas-
terman, but others who endured those tortures
and who subsequently escaped in consequence
of capture by the allies or other circumstances,
relate that nothing that can be conceived pos-
sible to human ingenuity was so terrible as the
tortures inflicted on the victims of Lopez to
compel them to criminate themselves or other
persons. And his best officers, his most de-
voted friends, were subjected to the treatment
to which I have alluded. There was an instance
of a general of great bravery and character,
by the name of Martinez, who, when Lopez
retreated with most of his army from a certain
position on the Parana river, was left with
some five hundred men to defend an intreneh-
ment. After maintaining this position for some
time he sent word to Lopez that he should be
compelled to retreat because his provisions
were about being exhausted and he could not
make head against the enemy. Lopez sent him
back word to maintain his position for six days
after his provisions were entirely exhausted.
Martinez endeavored to carry out his instruc-
tions. He did carry them out, and his soldiers,
who knew it was certain death if any order
of the marshal was disobeyed, remained there
until they were so emaciated and weak that
they were unable even to get among the
bushes and crawl away. In this position they
were overtaken, and Martinez, after having
done his best to defend himself and his post,
was made prisoner by the allies. In that way
he escaped himself from the hands of Lopez,
though against his own will for its conse-
quences to his family. But his wife, who is
represented by all the witnesses as being a
most amiable, lively, beautiful woman, was
thereupon arrested by Lopez, thrown into
prison, tortured six times in succession by this
horrible instrument, called the sepo-uruguay-
ano, and fashed' with double hide thongs from
day to day, until she was all over her body one
festering mass of wounds and bruises. Finally
she was led out, by order of Lopez, and shot,
her bosom friend, Lynch, from whose hoase
she was led to torture, making no effort to
alleviate her sufferings or avert her fate.
And this is but a single instance. How wag
this poor woman responsible for the acts of
her husband or his operations in the field?
If one of Lopez's officers was compelled to
surrender to an enemy, although overwhelm-
ing in force, he was treated as a deserter; and
the policy of Lopez in all such cases was to
visit the infliction of his anger on the wives
and families of those who were captured in
battle, so that he might induce his soldiers to
fight to the last moment, knowing that if they
were captured, anything else than slain, their
families were under the power of Lopez, to be
destroyed from the face of the earth by the
most lingering tortures. Is it any wonder
that these soldiers fought well and bravely,
that they stood up before the cannon's mouth
until they fell covered with wounds or were
slain? Why, to retreat or be captured, and
not be slain, was to expose themselves to such
tortures as I have described, and to involve
their whole families in similar consequences.
More than this. His alleged conspiracies
were not only charged upon men of wealth and
property, and upon men so eminent and able
that they might displace Lopez in the affections
of the people, but his own brothers, Venancio
and Benigno, were mercilessly tortured in the
way I have spoken of, and shot by order of the
tyrant. His sister's husband, Don Saturnino
Bedoya, one of the bravest of Paraguayan gen-
erals, was arrested on some pretense, tortured,
and murdered. His own mistresses—and he was
a monster of licentiousness—he would arrest
and have tortured and shot when he got tired
of them. He had his own two sisters and mother
frequently lashed from day to day when be was
retreating to the mountains, where he drove
hundreds of thousands of defenseless women
and children away from the possibility of pro-
curing food and shelter. A hundred thou-
sand of them perished in the-mountains. He
declared that he would depopulate the country
if he himself fell. General McMahon, who
has been eulogized here, says this driving the
women and children to the mountains by force
was a measure of humanity ! Good God I A
measure of humanity which resulted in the
destruction of a hundred thousand women and
children, who were starved to death in the
mountains! Such humanity as that never, cer-
tainly, can receive any sanction by this House.
He had, as I have said, his own two sifters
lashed from day to day, and his mother also;
and when he was finally killed at the last but-
tle, when as one of the allied officers in mercy
was trying to save his life, he treacherously
shot at him and was lanced down and killed,
and, when his body fell into the mud of the
J ecubari river, they found upon his person an
order sigued by his own hand for the execu-
tion ot his mother and one of his sisters. This
