1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
as nearly equally as practicable to the several
Senators, Representatives, and Delegates in
Congress, for distribution to public libraries
and other literary institutions in their respect-
ive districts, and such documents and volumes
now on hand are to be so distributed for those
purposes to the Senators, Representatives, and
and Delegates of the Forty-First Congress.
Mr. HARLAN. What documents are those?
Mr. HOWE. Documents in the Interior
Department. The resolution is introduced
upon the recommendation of the Secretary of
the Interior.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to it.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
mautiia davis.
Mr. SPENCER. The Cpmraittep on Pen-
sions. to whom was referred tlje bill (H. R.
No. 1338) granting a pension to Martha Davis,
have instructed me to report it back without
amendment. As the Committee on Pensions
have had the only day that will be assigned
to them this session, 1 ask for the immediate
consideration of the bill.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which is a direction to the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Martha
Davis, widow of Clemiel Davis, late captain
company E, Stone county regiment, Missouri
State militia, at the rate of twenty dollars per
month.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to suggest that I
think it would be better to get through with
the morning business before passing these bills.
I have been waiting for two mornings to get in
some morning business, but have been pre-
vented by the passage of bills in the morning
hour.
disposition" of military reservations.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom were referred the amendments
of the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 569) to provide for the disposition of use-
less military reservations, have instructed me
to report in favor of concurring in the House
amendments.
The Y1CK PR.ESIDENT. The amendments
will be reported to the Senate.
The Chief Clerk. The amendments of the
Hi>iise of Representatives are, after "Fort
Wayne," in line sixteen, to insert "and Fort
Smith;'' and in lines sixteen, seventeen, and
eighteen, strike out the words " Fort Collins, in
the Territory of Colorado, and Fort Dakota, in
the Territory of Dakota," and insert in lieu
thereof the words "such portion of the Fort
Abererombie reservation as lies east of the
Red iiiver of the North."
The amendments were concurred in.
abraham tcfflemiuk.
Mr. HOWELL. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2308)
granting a pension to Abraham Tuffiemire,
have instructed me to report it back without
amendment, and with a recommendation that
it puss. I ask that it may be acted on now,
a«i we have not any day and probably can get
cone for these pension cases.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the hill?
Mr. KELLOGG. Will it lead to debate?
Mr. HOWELL. No; there will be no objec-
tion to it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion luws, the name of Abraham Tuffiemire,
late a private in the first regiment Michigan
engineers and mechanics.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
withdrawal op papers.
Mr. PRATT. I move that Charles C. Me-
Crearv have leave to withdraw from the files
of the Senate his commission as lieutenant.
This paper came to the Senate from the House
of Representatives with the other papers which
accompany the bill for his relief, and he desires
to have the commission withdrawn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that Mrs. Elizabeth
James be allowed to withdraw her petition and
accompanying papers which are on the files
of the Senate. They have been referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and the commit-
tee reported that they thought her entitled to
a pension under existing laws; and she a§ks
leave to withdraw her papers.
Leave was granted.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That Cyrus It. Cole have leave to with-
draw his petition and other papers from the files of
the Senate.
bills introduced.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1338) to authorize the President of the
United States to ascertain the value of cer-
tain lands in the State of Iowa north of the
Raccoon Fork of the Des Moines river, held
by settlers under the preemption and home-
stead laws of the United States, and subsequent
to the settlement thereof determined by the
Supreme Court of the United States to be Des
Moines river improvement lands; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 318) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue an American register
to the ship John L. Dimmock; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
indian commissioners' report.
Mr. STEARNS. I ask unanimous consent
to proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1051, for the relief John R. Bennett, late
register of the land office at Chatfield, Minne-
sota.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is not yet concluded, and it requires
unanimous consent. The Senator from Ore-
gon lias risen with morning business.
Mr. CORBETT. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer the fol-
lowing resolution :
Henolved, That two thousand extra bound copies
of the report of the board of Indian commissioners
for 1870 Be printed for the use of said commissioners.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask that it be placed on
its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It must be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing, under
the law.
settlers in iowa.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution (S. R. No. 295)
relating to rights of actual settlers upon cer-
tain lands was passed on Saturday, for the
purpose of inserting a word which was omitted,
in order to accomplish the purpose of the joint
resolution. It was intended to apply exclu-
sively to Iowa, but it has been made general.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Oregon asks unanimous consent of the Senate
to leconsider and amend a joint resolution
which was passed on Saturday.
Mr. WILLIAMS. By inserting the words
"in Iowa" after the words "public lands."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition ? The Chair hears none.
The vote on the engrossment, and also on the
passage of the joint resolution, is reconsidered,
and the amendment is agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
steamship line to mexico.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the Senate to set
down to-night for the consideration of Senate
bill No. 683, authorizing mail steamship ser-
vice in the Gulf of Mexico between the port
of New Orleans, Louisiana, and certain ports
of the republic of Mexico.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business having concluded, the Senator from
Louisiana asks that an evening session be set
down for the consideration of the bill named
by him. Is there objection ?
Mr. CONKLING. What is the proposition ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. To have an even-
ing session at half past seven o'clock this even-
ing for the consideration of the bill in regard
to steamship service in the Gulf of Mexico.
Mr. McCREERY. I object.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire, then, to call up
the resolution I submitted on that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate can
by a majority vote take up the resolution.
The Senator from Louisiana moves to proceed
to the consideration of the resolution submit-
ted by him, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That Monday evening at half past seven
o'clock be pet apart for the consideration of Senate
bill No. 6S3. authorizing mail steamship service in
the Golf of Mexico between the port of New Orleans,
Louisiana, and certain ports of the republic of
Mexico.
Mr. THURMAN. Is that a proposition to
hold a session to night?
TheVICE PRESIDENT. That is the prop-
osition of the resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope it will not pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not yet up.
The motion is to proceed to the consideration
of this resolution.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-five,
noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is before the Senate, and the question now is
on agreeing to it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think there was a gen-
eral order that all ef a certain class of bills
should take the same direction in regard to
assignments for a particular day. The bill
which is just next to this is the one in which
I have the most interest 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
move to amend the resolution.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to add the
Australian bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is Senate bill No.
1196, authorizing the establishment of ocean
mail steamship service between the United
States and Australia. The Senator from Cali-
fornia proposes to amend the resolution by
including that bill in case there should be
time to consider it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator Irom Cali-
fornia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose that bill will
come up after the other is disposed of any
way. We do not want to break down this
resolution. Let the Senator from Louisiana
get up his bill, which he has been trying to
get up all the session, and let us dispose of
that, and then these other bills can be called
up afterward; but it seems to me if you com-
mence putting on one thing and another on-
the resolution you will break it down.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to state to the Senate, in order that they
may not be surprised by his ruling hereafter,
th*t these assignments which are made for
evening sessions are subject to the considers-
