1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1163
in the morning for action, that the Senate
meet hereafter at eleven o'clock in the fore-
noon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over under the rule.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 11th
instant, approved and signed the following act
and joint resolutions:
An act (S. No. 1190) to create an additional
land district in the State of California;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 308) author-
izing the use of a naval vessel to transport
breadstuffs to Europe; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 293) appropri-
ating money to defray the expenses of the select
committee appointed to investigate alleged
outrages in t'ue southern States.
bill become a law.
The message also announced that the bill
(S. No. 849) to authorize the sale of certain
lands reserved for the use of the Menomonee
tribe of Indians in the State of Wisconsin,
having been presented to him on the 1st of
February, 1871, and not having been approved
and signed by him, nor returned to the Sen-
ate, in which it originated, within ten days, as
required by the Constitution, had become a
law under the provisions of the Constitution.
iiousb bill referred.
On motion by Mr. COLE, the bill (H. R.
No. 2789) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 80, 1872, and
for other purposes, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions :
and they were thereupon signed by the Vice
President:
A bill (H. R. No. 1829) granting pensions
to certain soldiers and sailors of the war of
1812, and the widows of deceased soldiers;
A bill (II. R. No. 2911) to provide for the
taking of testimony to be used before the
Departments:
A joint resolution (3. R. No. 108) to author-
ize the President to permit William L. Hans-
com, late a naval constructor of the Navy of
the United States, to withdraw his resignation
of that ofiice; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 242) relative
to the steamship Meteor.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. SAWYER and Mr. CHANDLER sub-
mitted amendments intended to be proposed
by them to the bill (H. R. No. 2324) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1872; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
senator from georgia.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 306) prescribing the oath to
be taken by H. V. M. Miller, Senator-elect from
Georgia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota [Mr.STEARXs] rose to have a private
bill passed at the moment the morning hour
expired. Does the Senator from Illinois yield
for that purpose?
Mr. TRUMBULL, I must insist on going
on with the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois declines to yield.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Secretary to
read the joint, resolution which was reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution,
as follows:
Be it resolved, &e„ That H. V. M. Miller, of Geor-
gia, on entering upon the discharge of the duties of
any ofuce or position to which he has been or may bo
elected or appointed, instead of the oath prescribed
by the act of July 2.1862, may take and subscribe
the oath prescribed by the act of Congress entitled
"An act prescribing an oath of office to be taken by
persons from whom legal disabilities shall have been
removed," approved July 11, 1868.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall attempt nothing
more, Mr. President, in presenting this case
to the Senate than to make, as briefly as I can,
a statement of its precise situation and what
the effect of the joint resolution under con-
sideration is.
Mr. Miller was elected by the Legislature
of Georgia on the 29th of July, 1808, the
same day that the Senator from Georgia now
occupying a seat [Mr. Hill] was elected. Mr.
Miller received 117 votes out of 208 which
were cast. Of the 117 votes 17 were subse-
quently, by the reorganized Legislature and by
the military authorities, refused admission to
seats; so that Mr. Miller received 100 votes
from members whose rights to seats were
unquestioned. One hundred of those who con-
stituted the reorganized Legislature voted for
Mr. Miller. All the votes cast against him
him were 91; so that his case is free from any
complication as to having been elected by
persons who were disqualified. He received
7 more votes than Mr. Hill did. The Senate
has already decided, in admitting Mr. Hill to
a seat, that the Legislature of Georgia of July,
1868, had authority to elect Senators. That
Legislature did elect Mr. Miller. About that
there is no question, and can be none on the
facts.
Mr. Miller's condition is this: he never
held an office before the war, and hence does
not come within the disqualifying clause of
the fourteenth amendment; but he was a sur-
geon in the rebel army during the war, or a
portion of the war, receiving his appointment
from the colonel of a rebel regiment. Hence
ho is not able to take what is known as the
test-oath of 1862, because that oath requires
a person to swear that he has "never volun-
tarily given aid, countenance, counsel, or en-
couragement to persons engaged in armed hos-
tility to the United States." When the reor-
ganization of Georgia took place, in 1867 and
1868, under our reconstruction acts Mr. Mil-
ler, who was a Democrat, was one of the few ,
Democrats in that State who took part in <
favor of reorganizing the State of Georgia. !
The contest in Georgia at that time between \
those who were opposed to the reconstruction j
laws and those who favored them was on the I
holding of a convention. Those opposed to j
reorganizing the State of Georgia in obedience ;
to the acts of Congress opposed the holding !
of a convention to form a constitution. It
was very desirable at that time to get all the
support possible in favor of that convention,
and Dr. Miller consented to be a candidate
for the convention. The members of the con-
vention were elected at the same time that the
question was submitted whether a convention
should be held. Dr. Miller was supported in
that election by the Republicans, although he
was a Democrat. Mr. Farrow, the contestant
of the seat here, voted for Dr. Miller as a
delegate to the constitutional convention. Dr.
Miller was elected as a member of the consti-
tutional convention, and took his seat in that
convention, and cooperated in forming the
present constitution of the State of Georgia.
When that constitution was submitted to the
people Dr. Miller supported the constitution
before the people, and the constitution was
ratified, as we all remember, by the people.
That is his history, as I understand it, as I
am informed, and there is no dispute, so far
as I am aware, as to his history, he being
Democrat, but taking part in the reorganiza-
tion of the State of Georgia, acting as one of
the framers of its constitution, supporting
that constitution before the people; and he
11 was elected in 1868, at the same time with Mr.
Il Hill, to the Senate of the United States.
As I have already stated, he cannot take the
test-oath, us it isknown, of July 2, 1862; but
he can take the-oath of July 11, 1868, the same
oath which Mr. Hill has taken, and the same
oath which various persons in the House of
Representatives have taken, and the same oath
which every person who has political disabili-
ties imposed upon him by the Constitution may
take when they are removed. Each of the
other persous elected to the Senate from the
State of Georgia labored under constitutional
disqualifications. Mr. Farrow, who was elected
by the reorganized Legislature, served in the
rebel army; Major W'hiteley, who was elected
by the reorganized Legislature, also served in
the rebel army; but Mr. Wiiiteley, and Mr.
Farrow, and Mr. Hill have all had their polit-
ical disabilities removed.
Now, when the political disabilities imposed
by the Constitution have been removed, Con-
gress has provided a different oath. That
form of oath was prescribed on the 11th of
July, 1868. The Senate will observe that
under the act of July 2, 1862, every person
was disqualified from entering upon the dis-
charge of the duties of an office who could
not take the test-oath, although his political
disabilities had been removed. The four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States declared that certain persons
who had taken an oath to support the Consti-
tution of the United States and afterward went
into rebellion should not hold office in the
United States, and it provided that Congress,
by a two-thirds vote, might relieve them from
this disability imposed by the Constitution.
That did not help the party any, for when he
was relieved of the disability imposed by the
Constitution he could not take the oath of
1862, because he could not swear that he had
never given any aid to the rebellion. Hence
Congress, in order to relieve itself from a posi-
tion so inconsistent, passed the act of July 11,
1808, which declares:
"That whenever any person who has participated
in the late rebellion, and from whom all legal dis-
abilities arising therefrom have been removed by act
of Congress by a vote of two thirds of each House,
has been or shall be elected or appointed to any
ollice or place of trust ill or under the Government
ot the United States, he shall, before entering upon
the duties thereof, instead of the oath prescribed by
tile act of July 2,1SS2, take and subscribe the foliow-
mg oath or affirmation : ' I, A. B.,do solemnly swear
(or aliirm) that I will support and dclend the Con-
stitution of the United States against alt enemies,
foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and
allegiance to the same; that 1 take this obligation
freely, without any mental reservation or purpose
of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully dis-
charge the duties of the office on which X am about
to enter : so help me ttod.'"
The Senate will observe that that oath does
not require the party to swear as to his past
conduct; it is to support the Constitution in
the future ; and hence any person from whom
political disabilities have been removed by act
of Congress may now bold an office. Hence,
Mr. Hill took this oath. Now, Mr. Miller is
prepared to take this same oath : but there is
no general law in force authorizing him to
take this oath, and therefore we have offered
a joint resolution applicable to his case, to
authorize him to take this same oath that 1
have just read from the statute of 186&, and
the question is whether that joint resolution
shall pass and go the the House of Represent-
atives, and then, if the House should pass it,
Mr. Miller can qualify by taking the same oath
that Mr. Hill has taken aud the sameoath that
any person from whom political disabilities
have been removed is required to take.
There are persons who think that Mr. Miller
is not required to take the oath of July 2, 1862,
and it is very questionable whether their view
is not the correct one. The act of 1862 reads
in this form:
" That hereafter every person oleeted or appointed
to any office ol honor or profit under the Government
of the United States, either in the civil, militiry, or
naval liepariaients of the public seivice. except-
ing the Preaidoiit of the United States, shall, before
