1776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
services rendered for the Government by said com-
panies shall be required to be applied to the payment
of the bonds issued by the Government in aid of the
construction of said roads.' It would be bold deal-
ing with the statute to say that the Secretary of the
Treasury may require what an act of Congress says
shall not be lequired."
. I will not read the rest of the report. It is
full and ample upon all the questions involved.
The subject has beeu considered by the com-
mittee during the entire session. I will say,
furthermore, that the companies havenotbeen
required by the Government for the last six
years to pay this interest. The proceeds of
the roads will not pay it. If tho demand is
insisted upon one of two results must follow:
tlie Government must take possession of the
roads and pay the first mortgage bonds, or else
let the first mortgage bondholders have them.
Either result would be very detrimental to the
roads. I apprehend that no Senator desires
to destroy the persons engaged in this enter-
prise. They have been sufficiently punished
already by the decision of the Secretary of the
Treasury, honestly made undoubtedly, but, as
the Committee on the Judiciary think, under a
misapprehension of the law. It has ruined
hundreds of them by a change in the admin-
istration and in that Department which was
unexpected to them ; and if they do not get
relief now, before another session of Congress
the roads will be in such a condition that the
Government will have to undertake the enter-
prise, which will involve more money and more
trouble than it will to act upon the matter now
and give them this necessary and immediate
relief.
Mr. THAYER. I shall only take the time
of the Senate to add that this amendment pro-
poses no new legislation whatever. It does not
add to nor take one jot or tittle from the laws
as they now exist, it only confirms the con-
struction which has been given to the law by
the Department, from the time of the passage
ot the act of 18(52 down to three months ago.
The Department had paid over one half of the
proceeds for the transportation of the Govern-
ment freight passing over these roads to the
companies, retaining the other half to be ap-
plied to the payment of the interest due on the
Government bonds. This amendment now
pioposes to confirm that construction of the
law, and to leave things just as they were be-
fore, which I hope the sense of justice on the
part of the Senate will favorably consider and
adopt.
Mr. SPRAGUE. After the criticism of the
Senator from Vermsnt on the members of the
Committtee on Appropriations, however just
it may be, I desire to make an explanation in
reference to my own vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator will pardon
me. 1 intended no criticism. I made an apol-
ogy instead of a criticism.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I wish no apology made
for me here or elsewhere. . When my name
was called something prevented me from re-
sponding. I examined the record to see how
the vote was going, and I saw that it was going
very much one way, in favor of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Nevada; and being
called out of the Chamber I did not vote. I
have always, since I have been a member of
the Committee oil Appropriations, especially
during this session, given my vote in favor of
the action of that committee, and to keep all
amendments of a legislative character from
the appropriation bills; and I should have so
voted in this case if I bad seen that my vote
would affect the result.
Mr. SAWYER. I rise to say a word on the
same point. The Senator from Vermont says
he made no criticism on the action of the com-
mittee, but rather an apology. I would say
in that connection that sometimes a criticism
may put on the form of an apology, and that
what appears to be an apology may really be
a criticism. I hold that the members of the
Committee on Appropriations have perfect lib-
erty to act upon an amendment in the Senate
in a different way from what they would act
upon it in that committee; in other words,
that the decision of the committee might be
adverse to including an amendment in a report
of the committee on an appropriation bill, at
the same time that it left the individual mem-
bers of the committee free to act as their judg-
ment should dictate on the measure when pro-
posed by another committeeasan amendment
to an appropriation bill in the Senate.
I voted not to lay this amendment on the
table, because I believe this is the only oppor-
tunity we shall have for putting right what I
conceive to be a great wrong. I voted for it
because I believe it is a just and fair and rea-
sonable interpretation of the laws pertaining
to this subject; because I believe that if the
interpretation which has been put upon the
laws in relation to these roads by the Treasury
Department in its recent action had been put
upon those laws at the time they were enacted
we should to-day have been without a Pacific
railroad; because the country had held out
certain inducements to men to engage in that
really national undertaking and intended to
secure for the Government great national ob-
jects; that so far from the Government being
the donor and the companies who built those
roads the donee, the Government was author-
izing certain individuals to do certain things
in order to serve its own purposes; and I
hold that my action in the Committee on
Appropriations, on a matter like that, does
not bind me at all in the Senate. When we
have decided in regard to a matter which has
distinctly come before us in a bill from the
House, and decided to strike out provisions
which the House have put in that bill, that is
quite another question; and the committee
having decided that question, I hold that I am
bound to stand by that decision. But this is
an amendment offered by a committee of this
body to this bill. It might be unwise for the
Committee on Appropriations to report that
it should go on the bill as the committee re-
ported the bill to the Senate, but not at all
unwise for the individual members of the com-
mittee to vote in favor of it when it is presented
in the Senate.
_ Mr. DAVIS. I differ very widely from the
view taken by some of the Senators who have
addressed, the Senate and also from the con-
clusions of the Committee on the Judiciary in
relation to this subject. The guarantee of the
Govern mentis for the payment of the principal
of the bonds and the interest as it accrues.
The obligation of the company is to pay the
amount of the principal of the bonds when they
fall due, and its obligation in addition, as I
understand it, plain and distinct, is to pay the
interest which the Government may pay for the
companies from time to time as it is paid by the
Government. I have myself great confidence
that that is the true construction of the law by
which the Government undertook to guaranty
these bonds.
If the proposition had been distinctly made
at the time the bill passed and became a law,
that, both principal and interest for the whole
thirty years for which the bonds were to run
should be accruing and accrue, and that the
Government should have only a claim upon
the company for the amount of any interest
which it might pay in the course of those thirty
years, they never would have got the subsidy
at all. I voted for the subsidy ; I voted for
the law; and I voted for it upon the distinct
understanding that its meaning and effect were
such as I have interpreted it to be. I never
had any other idea than that the right of the
Government upon the company for the pay-
ment of the interest which it might pay upon
thoso bonds would accrue and become perfect
as the Government paidthat interest from time
to time. Upon that proposition I never had a
doubt at the time the bill passed.
The honorable Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] was the first to destroy my confi-
dence iu the fidelity and good faith of the
management of the company toward the Gov-
ernment in a speech which he made between
eighteen months and two years ago in the
Senate, and which was followed up in the
same strain in a speech made by the honor-
able Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,]
the chairman of the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad. I have not referred to the speech
of the honorable Senator from Nevada since,
but I have a pretty vivid and distinct recollec-
tion of its general tenor. His charge in rela-
tion to this company was that it was about to
swindle the Government and to place its affairs
in such a condition that it would become bank-
rupt; that the property of the company and
its line of road and franchises would have to
be sold out, and in that way the Government
would be left without any resources, without
any fund to look for its indemnity to pay both
the principal and the interest upon the bonds.
Now, Mr. President, I believe the construc-
tion given by the head of.the Treasury Depart-
ment to these laws to be the true construction.
I believe it expresses the true meaning of the
law, and that it ought to be adhered to by the
Senate. I believe that the Secretary of the
Treasury in exacting the repayment of sums
that have already been paid by the Govern-
ment as interest upon those bonds from the
company gave the true construction of the
law and acted in the faithful execution of his
duty as Secretary of the Treasury.
I admit that, for the purpose of giving credit
to the bonds and to enable the company to
sell them, the Government was bound to guar-
anty, and did guaranty, the payment of the
bonds when they fell due and of all the accru-
ing interest upon them; but when that interest
was paid from time to time by the Government
and a debt for the interest was thus created by
the company to the Government, I never
doubted, and I do not now doubt, the perfect
obligation of the Government to call upon the
company for the reimbursement of all the
interest thus paid from time to time as it might
be paid ; and I do not doubt the right and the
power of the Government to hold the company
and all its property and rights subject to the
demand of the interest that the Government
has paid and may hereafter pay from time to
time as it is paid.
I was astonished when I heard of the posi-
tion taken by this company, that it had the
right to insist that the Government should
pay the interest upon these bonds for thirty
years, and that there was no obligation- on the
part of the company to reimburse the Govern-
ment for this interest until the expiration of
the thirty years, and then for the whole sum
altogether, both of principal and interest. It
is, in my judgment, a most preposterous and
unsound and unauthorized position. I under-
stand that upward of six million dollars of
interest have already accrued and been paid
by the Government, that the company is in
arrears to the Government to that amount for
the payment of interest.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, no; they have paid
back over three million dollars.
Mr. DAVIS. I may be in error as to the
amount, but that does not touch the principle
involved. The position that I contend for is
this: that whenever the Government has to
meet any installment of the interest upon these
bonds, from the time of the payment of that
installment by the Government it has a debt
against the company for the amount of interest
thus paid, and being the creditor of the com-
pany it has the right to use all the means
within its power, and to resort to all the reme-
dies that are appropriate, either by the action
of courts or its own legislation, to secure a
return of the interest thus paid.
Mr. SAWDER. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky allow me to ask him a quesiion?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask him if he thinks the
Government would have had a right to com-
pel the forfeiture cf the road and its franchise
