1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1165
other cases to which I have referred were before.
That is the simple question now before the
Senate. We have, as I say, passed ageneral law
applicable to all those who shall be hereafter
elected, provided it receives the assent of the
Executive, in whose hands it now is: and in
my judgment that law would cover Mr. Mil-
ler's case ; but about that there was a differ-
ence of opinion, and we thought it better,
rather than have any controversy as to the
construction of that law, to submit the matter
to the Senate to see whether they would pass
a joint resolution in reference to Mr. Miller.
Having tmide this statement, with which I
have occupied the attention of the Senate I see
thirty minutes—and I am sorry I have taken so
long—1 shall leave the matter and shall say no
mote in regard to the case unless I shall feel
that it is incumbent on me to do so in response
to .something that may be said by others.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the resolution will
be again read at length.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sher-
man" in the chair.) The joint resolution will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER stated the
question to be on ordering the joint resolution
to be engrossed for a third reading; and a
division was called for.
Mr. NYE. 1 did not suppose the vote would
be taken so soon. I wanted to ask the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois if this does not
provide for Vance aud others coming in in the
same way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. NYE. Why not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yance labors under
constitutional disability; this man does not.
Vance held otlice before the war; be was a
member of the other House ; he had taken an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States. This applies merely to Mr. Miller.
The principle even does not apply to Vance.
Mr. NYE. After this is read the third time
will there be any chance to debate it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot
be amended then, but may be debated. A !
division is called for on ordering the joint reso-
lution to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
'1 lie yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDM UNDS. Mr. President, I have been
busy this morning and have not had time to
give much attention to this case, but I believe
I understand it.
This is a proposition to exercise the grace
and clemency of the Congress of the United
States in order to help into an office, as the
representative in this Chamber, of a State
lately in rebellion, a man who, when the Legis-
lature elected him, if they ever did—and that
is a disputed question ; but we have decided
probably that the Legislature was legal; but
whether they elected Into depends upon another
question—was known at that time to be a man
who could not exercise the* functions of the
office for which he was selected; a man in high
public station, about whom there was no mis-
take or dispute, but whom the Legislature of
Georgia, knowing the circumstances, thought
it convenient to put into this body in spite of
the law, or over the law, or through the law,
waiting for an act of Congress by legislation
to provide for him. That is the ease.
It is not the question, as I stated the other
day, whether the State of Georgia is not now
entitled to representation ; it is not the ques-
tion whether she has not a right to select her
own Senators. Slie has and she is; but she
must select her Senators just as other States
select theirs, from that class of persons who,
having beeu selected, are entitled by existing
law to take upon themselves the duties of the
office.
Now, when this man was elected a Senator
confessedly—perhaps I ought not to say ''con-
fessedly," because my learned friend from
Illinois in opening this case begins to doubt
almost as much as a Democrat whether this
test-oath was not unconstitutional; he begins
to believe, almost as much as my friend from
Ohio on the other side of the way, [Mr. Thitr-
mam,] who introduced this joint resolution,
that the constitutional amendment has super-
seded this test-oath and that there is already
a general jubilee for all people who partici-
pated in the rebellion 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no. I said only pro
tanlo in reference to those embraced in it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; that comes
to the same thing. My friend from Illinois
seems to stand now on the solid old-fashioned
Democratic doctrine—and it is none the worse
lor that, if it is true—first, that this test-oath
has been of doubtful constitutionality at least
all the time, although I believe he was one of
the chief agents who secured its passage, and
thought at that time it was a most beneficent
act; and second, that, whether so or not, the
fourteenth amendment, whatever else there
may be in it, has provided by implication that
every person not named in it is relieved by
it from all the obligations and duties which
the law imposes upon him as it respects the
administration of public affairs.
Can that be maintained? I am not now
going to discuss the question of the constitu-
tionality of the act of Congress requiring an
oath. 1 think we have stood by that a little
too long to consider it an open question at the
present time; but I mean to say a word upon
the effect of the constitutional amendment first
adopted as to that class of persons who are not
named in it.
My friend from Illinois contends that inas-
much as the constitutional amendment selects
a certain class of persons who have added to
perjury the crime of treason, declares of them
that they shall never hold an office or be
entitled to enter the public service without
two thirds of Congress relieving them from
their political disabilities, therefore every
other class of persons who have engaged in
the rebellion and have become obnoxious to
the penalties and provisions of the law are
entitled without any two-thirds vote, or any j
other vote, to exercise all the privileges that
may belong to citizens who have committed no :
crime. Why, sir, the logic of that cannot be
made to stand. The constitutional amend-
ment may properly operate upon the selected
class of persons aud require as to that selected
class a greater degree of caution and deliber-
ation on the part of Congress, before they are
relieved, than itchooses to impose upon another
class. Hence, as it respects these chief trai-
tors and perjurers—to call them by their right
names: I hope we shall not offend anybody
in iny hearing; that is what the statute calls
them, and we are a law committee and stand
by the law—it takes this class of people and
says as to them that Congress shall not be
intrusted with the right, by its ordinary legis-
lative majority, of relieving them from dis-
ability ; but that two thirds of each House
must be found to concur in that act of clem-
ency and grace which is to be extended to that
class of traitors and public offenders.
It does not follow from that that inasmuch
as the Constitution has tied up by prohibition
the relief of a certain class of public enemies,
it has thereby granted amnesty to every other
class. This is prohibitive upon legislation. It
does not attempt to touch personal rigbtat
all, except as it prohibits from holding office
this particular class of persons named, and
then provides a method, restrictive above the
ordinary methods of legislation, for allowing
them to be relieved of their disabilities aud
disqualifications; and it was indeed wise that
it should be so provided. This chief class of
offenders it was not thought fit to intrust to
Congress by a majority the right to relieve,
because the object of the constitutional amend-
ment is to restrain legislation, to stop the heat
of partisan passion, to limit the power of
friendship and partiality as it respects persons
who were thought to be dangerous to the coun-
try. But when you come to the lower grade
of offenders, those who had not added to
treason and hostility to the country the pre-
cedent crime of perjury, it was thought well
to leave it to the constitutional and ordinary
majority of Congress, a majority of each House
in the usual way, to so arrange its laws, if it
chose, as to allow those persons to hold office.
So I think it is obvious, as it must have
been to the gentlemen of the committee who
repotted this bill, that this man is not entitled
to a seat as Senator here unless by law we
make him so ; and it is for that purpose that
the Senator from Ohio has introduced this bill,
and it is for that purpose that the Senator from
Illinois has brought it forward from a majority
of the committee, to create a right in this man
to hold the office of Senator to which he was
elected years ago, which right he has not now,
which right he did not possess when the Legis-
lature of Georgia elected him. That is the
proposition, Mr. President.
Mr. HOWARD. When was he elected?
In 1868?
Mr. EDMUNDS. In July, 1868. Therefore
we may set aside as entirely unnecessary for
discussion, as it appears to me, in this stage
of the case, the question whether this man by
force of the Constitution i3 authorized to hold
this seat as Senator and to take it or not; be-
cause if he is authorized by the Constitution
to do it, then we are wasting our time in endeav-
oring to pass or to defeat this bill. The pro-
moters of his interests find it necessary, as I
have said, that the law should now introduce
and create for the State of Georgia a Senator,
which she has not now, because it is absurd
to say that a State has a right to have a Senator
who has not a right to be a Senator. It is a
contradiction in terms.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the greatest pleasure.
Mr. THURMAN. Did not the Senator vote
for the bill to enable Mr. Shober to take this
same oath?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not remember
whether I did or not.
II Mr. THURMAN. The Globe shows that
J the Senator certainly made no objection to
;i that bill, and that it passed unanimously. Mr.
;! Shober was in precisely the same condition
of Dr. Miller, except that Mr. Shober was a
!j combatant; Dr. Miiler was a non-combatant.
.1 Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not remember the
j! circumstances of Shober. If I was acquainted
with the facts of Shober's case, as I obviously
was not, I ought not to have said what my
friend declares that I did gay. I must have
acted under the impression that Shober fiad
occupied some different position from that
which the Senator now says he did. But.
assuming, as I stated the other day, that I did
say what is ascribed to me, assuming that I
did vote so, I am not one of those people who
are so obstinate as to insist upon it, when I
have committed an error, that I will persist
in my evil doing. I believe I stated to the
Senate the other day that whatever I might
have done in the past, I would not again under-
take to create a Senator or member of Con-
gress; or any other public officer, by a law mak-
ing him eligible to the seat to which be was
not eligible wben he was selected for the place,
because 1 should have been giving eflect to
what was it) reality a void act of the elective
or the appointing power, selecting a persou
who cannot exercise the functions which were
imputed to the office, without the intervention
of the law-making power at some time when
in their discretion they should' think fit to
exercise it. And you will see, Mr. President,,
