1778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
• February 28,
tion with reference to my own vote. I under-
stand the point covered by the amendment of
the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] was
embraced in an inquiry addressed by the Senate
to the Judiciary Committee. In other words,
the Judiciary Committee of the Senate was
directed by the Senate to inquire as to the
liability of the Pacific railroad companies in
regard to the payment of interest on the bonds
issued by the United States. I understand
also tha^t the Judiciary Committee of this body,
after due consideration of the subject, came
to the conclusion that the view taken by the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Attorney
General, that, the whole compensation should
he withheld, was not correct. I find a printed
report from the committee to that effect on
my table. If I am not well informed in any-
thing I have stated I shall be very glad to be
corrected,
Mr. STEWART. The Senator is correct in
his statement of the facts. '
Mr. CASSEULY. Now, sir, I freely avow
that at first view I cherished the hope that it
would be found that the decision of the Gov-
ernment was right on the law, and that the
claim of the railroad companies was not. Their
claim is undoubtedly not according to the
ordinary rules of business, not according to
the principles by which similar transactions are
governed among men. But, after all, this is a
Government of laws ; at least that is the theory.
Those of us who are least inclined to look with
favor upon the undue pretensions of the rail-
road companies and their strides toward uni-
versal control are justas much bound to respect
their legal rights as if we served thein with all
the inexplicable devotion which I have had
so many occasions to criticise during my period
of service here.
The question is, what is the law of the case?
Is it with the Government or with the com-
panies? If it is clear either way, our course is
not difficult. I shall be watchful at all times to
restrain these great companies in their efforts
to become a controlling element in the coun-
try. I do not propose, however, to deny them
any rights under the law, even though I may
regard it as an unwise law. The question is,
then, how stands the law?
It seems, sir, that our Judiciary Committee,
composed of gentlemen whom we have selected
for that important committee for their ability
and fidelity to duty, has examined this subject
under our instructions, and has reached a con-
clusion all but unanimous. That conclusion
is in favor of the ground taken by the com-
panies.
I listened with attention to the Senator from
Vermont, [llr. Edmunds,] and also to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.] I wish
the acts of Congress were more plain than
they are. Certainly I have seen statutes more
clearly drawn. I do not mean to say that the
law ought not to have been framed much more
plainly and explicitly, or that it should not
have been framed much more in the interests
of the Government. It is not my fault that it
was not so framed. Very evidently the stat-
ute was passed in haste, and perhaps without
having the attention of any considerable num-
ber of Senators directed to its very peculiar
phraseology. The lesson, I trust, will not be
lost "upon us. It will teach us, when we are
dealing with great purposes of Government in
relation to these powerful companies, how care-
ful we ought to be, how certain we should be,
that nothing necessary to the protection of the
public interests is omitted, or even left to con-
struction. Had that been done in this case
we should not have had the present contro-
versy. The question would have settled itself
upon the iaog of the statute-book by clear aud
express words.
Under such circumstances I shall be glad to
hear the arguments against the report of the
Judiciary Committee and the grounds for con-
struing the law against the decision of the
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, there are
two grounds upon which Senators might vote
for the amendment now offered. The first is,
that while the United States is the creditor of
this railroad company it is not wise or expe-
dient now to enforce a legal and just claim
against it. Upon that ground no doubt many
persons could vote for this amendment who
could not vote for it on the other ground. The
other ground is, that' there is no legal obliga-
tion on the part of these railroad companies to
pay to the United States the interest paid from
time to time by the United States.
Upon the first of these two grounds I was
rather disposed to pay to the railroad compa-
nies the one half of the transportation. We are
authorized by law clearly to apply one half the
transportation on the debt due to us ; the other
half we could very properly pay to the railroad
companies. But I do not wish to vote for a
proposition that will forever foreclose, without
further argument and debate, the legal right
of the United States to recover back the in-
terest in case these railroad companies should
be in a position to repay it. It seems to me
that the two propositions are as distinct as
possible, and the amendment as it is now drawn
leaves it in doubt whether it proposes to decide
the question against the United States.
If it is proposed to decide by this amend-
ment on an appropriation bill, in this hurried
way and without debate, that the United States
must continue to pay the interest on $64,000,-
000 of bonds for thirty years, without any right
to reclaim any portion of that interest from the
companies, even if the companies should prove
to be very profitable, able debtors, it seems to
me it is going too far. It may be that in the
course of ten or fifteen years this railroad
company will not only earn a dividend upon
its stock and interest upon its bonds, but may
be able to pay us our interest. In that case
we certainly ought not now, in this hurried
way, to surrender a legal obligation which
amounts to the interest on $04,000,000 for
thirty years ; or, in other words, amounts to
over a hundred million dollars. The interest
each year on the $64,000,000 issued amounts
to nearly four million dollars, and for thirty
years it would amount to nearly one hundred
and twenty million dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is aware
that nobody contests that the Government
have a right to retain one half the compensa
lion, and also that they have a right to retain
five per cent, of the net earnings.
Mr. SHERMAN. But, as a matter of course,
as the country develops the transportation over
the railroad is likely to diminish rather than
increase. Now, I think it will bennwise, from
what I know about these railroad companies,
to enforce any claim we may have for the re-
payment of this interest. I do not suppose
that in the unsettled condition of the country
from Omaha to San Francisco these railroad
companies can pay the running expenses of
their roads and the interest on their first mort-
gage bonds, and repay to the United States the
interest on the bonds issued by the Govern-
ment. I doubt very much, from all the state-
ments I have heard, whether it is possible for
them to carry on their business if we enforce
literally against them the repayment of the
Mr. THURMAN. Will my colleague, if it
does not interrupt him, give me a piece of
information right here which I deem very im-
portant? Will he state, if he is able to do so,
about how much the Government transporta-
tion on these roads amounts to annually ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The amount of interest
we have paid up to the 1st of January ot this
year was $8,815,345 49. The amount that
we have been repaid by transportation on the
roads is $2,419,493 ; so that about one fourth
of the interest we pay is returned in trans-
portation.
Mr. THURMAN. What period of time
does the $2,400,000 for transportation cover?
Mr. SHERMAN. From the organization
of the roads- •
Mr. THURMAN. Can my colleague give
us what the annual amount of our transporta-
tion now is?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; but the reserved
transportation is from one fourth to one third
of the amount we pay as interest. The roads
differ in this respect. I am told that on the
Kansas Pacific the amount of transportation
is more in proportion; but,, taking all the roads
together, as a general rule I presume one half
the transportation will reimburse from one
third to one fourth of the interest we pay. It
must be remembered by my colleague, how-
ever, that while the interest we pay never
becomes less, the probability is that the trans-
portation may decrease on account of the grad-
ual settlement of the country, lessening the
necessity for the transportation of troops,
stores, and military supplies. That is a ques-
tion of which every Senator can judge for him-
self. I have heard the statement by gentle-
men interested in these roads, and 1 take it to
be about the truth, that one half the transport-
ation will probably absorb from one third to
one fourth of the amount of interest the Gov-
ernment pays.
I do not think now it would be wise to en-
force any claim of the United States against
these railroad companies beyond the half of
the transportation, because I think it would
so cripple them as to prevent their carrying on
their roads and eventually lead to the destruc-
tion of our second mortgage lien on the roads.
At the same time, I do not think it wise at
this stage, without further debate, to decide
the legal question raised by them as to whether
they are bound by the law as it stands to re-
imburse to us the interest we pay for them. I
therefore had prepared an amendment in the
hope that the Senate would adopt it merely to
postpone that legal question. 1 think that on
a question involving now $6,000,000, and
which involves nearly four million dollars a
year for thirty years, we ought not to surren-
der or give up any legal claim, even if it is a
doubtful legal claim, that we may have against
these companies, because the time may be,
in ten or fifteen years hence, when these com-
panies will be able and ought to pay us the
interest as we pay it. I therefore sirnply wish
to reserve the legal question. I am willing to
vote for this proposition and for the present to
forego any claim of the kind ; but I would
wish to reserve our legal right at least for
future discussion, to reclaim from them the
interest that we pay. I propose, therefore, to
amend the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada by adding to it the following clause:
But. nothing contained in this section shall be held
to affect, change, or impair the legal right of the
United States to the repayment by such railroads of
the interest paid by the United states, but that the
legal rights of all the parties in respect to said inter-
est shall be determined by previously existing law.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish the Senator from
Ohio to understand that I not only have no
objection to that amendment, but 1 am glad he
has brought it forward. I was speaking for
myself with reference to the report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary and its effect on my vote.
So far as my vote on this amendment at this
time is concerned, I consider, as I have said,
that thereport of the Judiciary Committee is, if
not conclusive, at least entitled to a great deal
of influence. But if there is a question, as there
probably is, as to what must be admitted to be
the legal rights of the United States on the one
side, and of these railroad companies on the
other, as to the matter of this interest, undoubt-
edly it would be proper that in passing this
amendment now we should include the proviso
presented by the Senator from Ohio. I fully
agree with him, and I am gratified that he has
brought it forward. It will not impair the effect
of the original amendment as far as it relieves
the companies of the embarrassments alleged
to exist by reason of the action of the Gov-
ernment, while, at the same time, it will retain
