340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
wlio knew anything about ft says the same.
General McMahon may be a gallantgentleman.
I do not know him either, but it is remarkable
that he is the only man who says a kind word
for such a brute as Lopez has been shown to
be. There are some facts which may account
for it. He ingratiated himself with Lopez and
Mrs. Lynch, and Lopez made him his executor
and the trustee for his mistress, Mrs. Lynch,
whose interests he guarded faithfully as Lopez
directed. Lopez.also appointed him guardian
for his children. I hold in my hand an inven-
tory of a part of what was thus intrusted to Gen-
eral McMahon's charge as executor; and it is
worthy of remark that live percent, commission
would give hiin in that capacity three times
the salary of any American minister. The doc-
ument which I hold in my hand may explain
in some measure the course taken by Minister
McMahon, and is as follows; it is taken from
a South American paper of June, 1870:
Inventory of Madam Lynch's Effects.
The commissioner appointed by Count D'Eu re-
ports the following effects found on Madam Lynch,
and which sbe was allowed to retain; four necklaces,
of gold, amethyst, and emeralds; tour rings, of vari-
ous stones; two albums, one jnounted in stiver with
gold relief; anotherot uiother-of-pearl, preseutedto
Lopez in 1859 by the city of Uuenos Ayres; twenty-
three wrist-links, &c„ of gold and coial; live " bom-
billas," ot gold; six gold bracelets; twenty gold
chains, a cross, and medal; six silver "m&te'' cups ;
one crucifix with three diamonds; one gold epaulet;
two gold snuff-boxes; two Brazilian decorations;
one whip with diamond initials, "F. 8. L.;" one
gold crown; one sword, with gold scabbaid set in
diamonds, presented to Lopez by the people of Para-
guay ; onesilvrer dressing-case; tournead-dresses, of
gold and diamonds; nineteen pairs ot armlets; six-
teen pairsof bracelets ; ten breast-pins and brooches,
some of diamonds; oncgold match-box: eleven gold
watches; six lockets, of various kind&; two rosaries,
of gold and coral; one box, belonging to Kosita Car-
reros, Lopez's daughter, with eight bracelets, five
gold chains, six brooches, lour' necklaces, one pearl
cross, one gold rosary, &c.
Treasure.—Three hundred and ninety-one doub-
loons, twenty-seven half doubloons, filteen millrca
pieces, forty-two ten-millrea pieces, twenty-tour
quarter doubloons, thirty-one two-dollar pieces, nine-
teen sovereigns, fifty Napoleons, two seventeon-mill-
rea pieces, and $14,(M) m Paraguayan paper money;
making up (exclusive of the last item) the sum of
£1,431 sterling. Colonel Galvan also offered her the
sum of one hundred and thirty-eight doubloons,
which she had given for the album tound among the
booty, but she refused it.
Papers— Purchase by Madam Lynch of a house
at Eucarnacion; of another house, sold by Mauuel
Decoud; of lands atEncarnacion, sold byE.Barbosa;
of waste lands at Aguaray ; ot lands at L.tmbare; of
lands at Salvador; Treasury receipt tor $81,327 paid
by Madam Lynch in 1870; two letters (copies; tiom
Madam Lynch, one to General McMahon, without
date; another to Hon. Mr. Stuart, January 3, 1870,
asking him to receive some valuable documents for
her. The letter to General McMahon requested hun
to lodge in the Bank ot England, lor her and her
children, the following: three thousand seven hun-
dred doubloons, one hundred sovereigns, thirty-two
quarter doubloons, fifty-live two-dollar pieces, six-
teen Napoleons, and five hundred doubloons for Emi-
liano, making iu all £13,600 sterling. The same let-
ter mentionsasealcd box,contents notstated, which
the general isrequeited to deliver to Madam Lynch's
agent, M. Gelot, at .Paris.
Papers lust.--Among the documents intrusted to
the care of Nesbitt and Hunter, who lei t Lopez; on
January 3, 1870, and were subsequently murdered by
the escort given lor their protection, were the follow-
ing papers, as we learn by Madame Lynch's copy-
letter to Hon. W. Stuart; a receipt from the Span-
iard, Jose bolis, for money lent; another Irorn the
Italian doctor, Domingo Parody, for money lent;
another irom the Italian con&ul, tiignor Chapperon,
for £1.000 sterling, given to his care: a draft ot Mr.
George Stewart, or his brother, Dr. Stewart, and in-
dorsed by the latter in herlavor; a receipt from Dr.
Stewart, for four thousand four hundred doubloons
and $4,6o9 §0, to bo handed to Captain Mantredi to
be lodged in the Koyal Bank ot Scotland; and a
receipt from Manfrcdi for the amount, £15,010 ster-
ling.
And Dr. Stewart, in his testimony, page 313
of the reports, in speaking of the personal re-
lations between Lopez and General McMahon,
and the general's course toward Bliss and Mas-
terman, says:
"I was in nowise surprised to find General Mc-
Mahon named iu it as a trustee and executor, or
that Lopez's youngest child was recommended to his
especial guardianship and care, since I had under-
stood from Mi.<. Lynch that it was the general who
had recommended the making ot the will, and since
his progress in the favor of Lopez and in the eonn-
deneeof Mrs.Lynch had been as marvelous as it was
rapid. The general arrived at headquarters on the
11th December, ISoS, and left the camp on the 23d
of the same month. He was invited to dinner by
Lopez on the day of his arrival, and I met him
at table. ^ We sat opposite to each other, and I had
to act as interpreter between the president and him;
not on this occasion only, but on several others.
The general referred to the reception Masterman
and Bliss had met with from Captain Kirkland, of
the Wasp, He 'ordered them to be taken forward,'
said McMahon. I give the account in the words of
the latter. 'Takethese men forward and give them
into the custody of the master-at-arms,' at which
Masterman demurred, observing, 'I have been lieu-
tenant in her Britannic Majesty's service.' To this
Captain Kirkland retorted, 'It you are ladies, aud
not men, say so;' and they were sent forward as
prisoners. The President listened with undisguised
pleasure to this narrative of McMahon's, and was
greatly chagrined and displeased when General Mc-
Mahon put the question to me, by my corroborating
Masterman's assertion that he had been an officer in
our service. But that which most delighted the
president was McMahon's declaring that Mr. Bliss
had applied, to him for an interview, and that his
answer to this request of a fellow-citizen had been,
that when he, McMahon, wanted to see him he would
let him know."
Minister Washburn tells the truth about
Lopez in his History of Paraguay. I have
only time to read the following extract from it.
He
44 Previous to the death of Lopez history furnishes
no example of a tyrant so cruel and despicable that
at his fall he left no friend among his own people, no
apologist or defender, no follower, or participant in
hi? infamies, to utter one word in palliation of his
ci lines ; no one to regret hisdeath, or who cherished
the lea&t spark of love for his person or his memory;
no one to utter a prayer for the repose of his soul.
In this respect Lopez had surpassed all tyrants who
ever lived. No sooner was he dead than a II alike, the
officerhigh in command, the subaltern who applied
the torture, the soldier who passively obeyed, the
mother who bore him, and the sisters who once loved
him, ail joined in denouncing him as an unparalleled
monster; and of the whole Paraguayan ndtion there
is perhaps not one of the survivors who does not
curse his name and ascribe to his folly, selfishness,
ambition, and cruelty, all thcevilsthat his unhappy
country has suffered.. Not a family remains which
does notchargehim with havingdestroyed the larger
part of its members and reduced the survivors to
misery and want. Of all those who were within
reach of his death-dealing hand, during the last
years of his power, there are but two persons living
to say a word in mitigation of the judgment pro-
nounced against him by his countrymen and coun-
trywomen."
In closing my remarks, for I see my timehas
expired, I can only say that the conduct of
Admiral Davis in standing by for forty days
longer than he ought while these men were
suffering, for giving credit to Lopez in prefer-
ence to his own minister, for withdrawing his
note demanding them, for sending his officers
to witness four certificates extorted by duress,
and then treating them as prisoners of war,
after he received them, should be held up in
contrast with the action of Lieutenant Ingra-
ham, in the case of Martin Koszta, to which I
have referred, and censure administered to
him as a warning in all time to all officers who
fail to protect every man, be he rich or poor,
who has-the right to theprotection of the Amer-
ican flag.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ORXH. The hour has arrived at which
this debate was to close ; and I rise for the pur-
pose of calling the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman, before
he moves the previous question, to allow me
a few minutes.
The SPEAKER. That would require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. ORTH. I ask unanimous consent that
I may allow the gentleman from Massachusetts
a few minutes.
The SPEAKER. How much time does the
gentleman from Massachusetts desire ?
Mr. DAWES. About twenty minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Massachusetts being allowed
to occupy the floor for twenty minutes? The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I do not design
to occupy much time. I have come to the
conclusion that I ought to vote for these reso-
lutions. I came to that conclusion very reluc-
tantly, for I have had occasion heretofore to
say very many things which have been con-
strued into hostility to the Navy, although
prompted by a very different feeling, and ut-
tered from a stand-point which I supposed was
one of great friendliness to the Navy, and
because I indulged what. I supposed to be a
just pride in its character and its good name,
and an anxious desire that it may maintain in
the future that great name which it has earned
in the past, and that its efficiency, from any
cause that could be averted, should not be im-
paired ; and I would not now say a word upon
or even vote for these resolutions in any other
spirit than that with which I had really sup-
posed I have before been actuated.
I am also reminded that one of the gentle-
men affected by these resolutions is a native
of my own State. And whatever of State pride
a man has a right to cherish in the good name
and fame of an officer of the Navy or of the
Army from his State I have my full share of.
But, after all, there are some reasons which it
seems to me render it absolutely necessary for
us, in the present state of this case, to vote for
these resolutions. They are here before us j
they call in review the proceedings of officers
of the Navy, which proceedings have received
the sanction and complimentary notice of the
Department of the Navy; they have gone
upon the record as the approved policy of
the Government, and if rightly, so we should
say so by our votes upon these resolutions; if
erroneously so, then it is due to those con-
siderations that are involved, the relations
of the diplomatic corps abroad to the Navy
abroad, to the citizens of this country when
out ot the actual presence of the protective
power of the Government, and only figura-
tively under the flag, that we should say it is
erroneously so.
Now, however much I would refrain, if it
were possible, from saying that any officer of
the Navy, when out of the presence of the
Government itself and upon the high seas or
in foreign ports, where the citizen looks to him
for protection and for the assertion of his rights
as a citizen of the United States, has failed
fully to appreciate the delicacy of his own posi-
tion and the high trust reposed in him, yet I
cannot forget that, now this whole matter is
brought before us, if I fail to vote for these
resolutions disapproving of this conduct of
these gentlemen of the Navy, however painful
it may be to me to do this in reference to a
citizen of my own State, I will be saying that
an officer of the Navy may say to our minister
abroad, "I will judge of the importance and
propriety of your mission or he may say to
the citizen, " 1 will accord to you the protec-
tion of the flag and of the strong arm of power,
or I will withhold it, according unto my judg-
ment," as the gentleman from Maryland [Air.
Swam] said yesterday, " Of your standing in
society, your position among men, if you are
a man of high position and commanding stand-
ing iu society, that is one thing; if you are an
humble, unimportant, uninfluential citizen of
the United States, about whom somebody has
said that you are a bummer, or a scalawag,
then that is another thing.''
These, in general, are some of the reasons
why, when X am called upon, as I am here
to-day, to vote on this question, I cannot vote
"no," because by voting "no" I vote to ap-
prove of the conduct of these naval officers. I
cannotin my heart say that I approve of their
conduct. I do not want to be brought to the
extent of voting what may be considered and
construed as a censure upon officers of the
Navy who in the past have deserved well of
their country, who in times of peril have won
deserved laurels. But the character of that
officer is not worth anything to me that will
not bear criticism under any circumstances,
that ^ stands upon the necessity of universal
and indiscriminate commendation. The char-
^ arm of the public service to
which ne may belong is worth nothing if it
rests entirely upon indiscriminate praise and
commendation. It grows stronger in and of
itselt, among its own men, in esprit de corps,
and in everything that pertains to its regime,
as well as in the affections and regard of the
