1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1779
for the Government whatever rights possibly
can exist on its part in reference to the matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the amendment to
the amendment will not he adopted. I think
it liable to the objection that it does not mean
what is intended. It seems to me that simply
requiring this money to be paid over in accord-
ance with the act of I8G4 does not conclude
any legal risdit.
Mr. SHERMAN. My amendment does
nothing in the world except, reserve to the
United States the light to sue these companies
for money paid on the common, counts. I am
perfectly willing that these railroad companies
ma> enjoy this franchise, and that we shall only
reserve one- half the transportation, in accord-
ance with the plain provision of the law, and
five per cent, of the net proceeds. But our
right to sue for the recovery of the money paid
for their use is at least asserted by good law-
yers. I am not now prepared to pass any opin-
ion upon it. The Judiciary Committee are of
the opinion that we have surrendered the right
to sue for the recovery of money w'e paid to
their use. If that is so, it ought to be decided
Jjy the courts, and a case might properly be
made; but I, as a legislator, representing the
United States, am not willing, for one, to sur-
render this legal right to what amounts to an,
annuity of $4,000,000 for thirty years, without
a decision of the courts. If the Supreme
Court of the United States declare that we
have no right to recover this money, that we
have no right to areturn of this interest except
by absorbing it in transportation and five per
cent, of the net receipts, we shall conform our
action to it: but I do not wish by legislation
on an appropriation bill in this way to sur-
render a legal right which the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States tells us isa plain legal
right.
It seems to me that the Senators who take
an interest in this matter ought to be willing
to adopt this amendment of mine, and I think
that will accomplish the main purpose they
desire ; that is, to remove from these railroad
companies the trouble which now surrounds
them and which probably would lead to their
destruction ; because I believe if the United
States were now to attempt to enforce against
these companies the repayment of this inter-
est it would lead to great embarrassment to the
companies and probably great injury to the
public service. I am sure my friend from
Kentucky does not desire to do that.
Mr. S I'EWART. I regret that the Senator
from Ohio has introduced his amendment with
the declaration that he wants the United States
to institute a suit, or that he wants to reserve
to the United States the right to commence a
suit.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no. *
Mr. STEWART. Thatisit. Wehave seen
how that power has been used in this case. We
have seen two or three hundred men engaged
in this enterprise crushed to the earth by that
very process. Under the opinion of the Attor-
ney General, which I do not wish to discuss,
that effect has beer, produced. That opinion
starts out with premises which knock away
the conclusion altogether, but I shall not dis-
cuss it. If the idea goes out that suit is to be
commenced by the Government Against these
companies, of course there will be no use in
passing anything. Now, what I propose is
simply, without changing the law, to say that
the law shall be complied with. The law says
that only one half of the transportation shall
be retained by the Government, and that the
other half shall be paid to the companies. I
do not want to change the legal construction
of it, or to affect it at all, but simply to provide
that it shall be carried out. Now, it is pro-
posed to put on a proviso, the effect of which
■ is to notify the world that we are going to com-
mence suit for the balance. Do that, and the
companies will have no credit afterward. We
know what occurred after the change in the
rulings of the Department which had been uni-
form for six years. The Department had ruled
for six years that the Government was bound
to pay over one half of the earnings of trans-
portation to the companies, and when last fall
the Department changed its rulingsand stopped
paying the money, the result was to break down
these men and they cannot go on if anything
of that kiud is to hang over them.
This is not the language of tbe Senator from
Ohio when the bill was passed. Then, when
Mr. Collamer was contending here that the
interest should be paid semi annually, when
he was pressing amendment after amendment
to require the companies to reimburse the
Government the interest as fast as it paid it
out, the Senator from Ohio very aptly said,
and his remarks gave a great deal of credit to
tbe companies:
"I look upon it in this way: the Governmentof
the United States deems it its interest to build tbis
road, and has made up its uiind that it will invest in
aid of the road a certain sum of money, provided it
can get the road, and under this bill it can be con-
structed."
He did not want to be putting in a provision
then that suit should be brought, or to put in
anything which would trammel the road. I
do not wish to prolong the discussion, but I
think the amendment he proposes is not neces-
sary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to make but
an observation or two in regard to this amend-
ment and as to the effect of it.
There is a dispute between these railroad
companies and the Government as to the right
of the Government to retain one half of the
amount due for transportation done for the
Government, the United States insisting that
they have a right to retain this one half for the
purpose of meeting the interest which they pay
upon the bonds that have been issued by tbe
United States and which there is no obligation
on the part of the company to pay to third
parties at all. The only obligation of these
companies is fo the United States, and not to
the holders of the bonds. The Committee of
the Judiciary were of the opinion—and I am
not going info the reasons of that opinion;
they are embodied in the report which has been
submitted to the Senate—that by the change
made in the law.in 1864 the Government of
the United States had obligated itself to pay
over to the companies one half of the cost of
this transportation. That was the opinion of
the committee, the United States insisting that
they had the right to retain the whole.
In order to give effect to the law as the
committee understood it, an amendment has
been offered directing the payment to the com-
pany of tbe one half. Now an amendment
is proposed to that, the latter part of which
reads that—
The legal rights of all the parties in respect to such
interest shall be determined by previously existing
law.
What would the amendment amount to if
amended in that way? The Secretary of the
Treasury says that by previously existing law
he is under no obligation to pay over to the
companies any part of the compensation, no
obligation to pay the one half. The Judiciary
Committee think he is; and to carry out the
opinion expressed by the committee the amend-
ment is proposed. Now the Senator from
Ohio proposes to amend it by saying that
nothing in this amendment to carry out the
views of the Judiciary Committee " shall affect
the legal rights of the parties in respect to such
interest under previously existing law."
What will the Secretary say ? The Secretary
will say, "Under previously existinglaws, my
opinion is that this interest is required to be
paid in full, and 1 have a right to reclaim the ^
whole amount. That is exactly what your j
proposition amounts to, and therefore I shall j
not pay over anything. You have simply passed i
a section directing me to pay it over, and at the
same time saying this shall not interfere with
the law .as it now is. I have expressed my
opinion on the law as it is, that it is not my
duty to pay anything over, but that it is my
duty to retain the whole of it, provided the
compensation does not amount to more' than
sufficient to pay the interest,; and therefore
1 will retain the whole of it." I am sure the
Senator from Ohio does not mean that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I suggestto the Sen-
ator from Illinois, then, to add the words " ex-
cept as herein provided," which would enable
him to pay the money and reserve the general
question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see myself the
necessity for that portion of this amendment
after the second word " but," except to carry
out, the views of the Senator from Ohio. Will
not everything he desires to have accomplished
be secured by the first portion, in the words
"that nothing in this act shall be held to
change, affect, or impair the legal right of
the United States to the repayment by such
railroads of the interest paid by the United
States V"
Mr. SHERMAN. The reason I added the
latter clause is that the first clause seeks to
assert in thislawthe rightofthe United States
to recover the interest; and that the railroads
deny.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No ; the railroads do
not deny the right of the United States to
recover the interest at some time.
Mr. SHERMAN. At the end of thirty
years.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No one denies the right
eventually of the United States to recover the
interest. It is a question of time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to accom-
plish anything but what is direct in this mat-
ter. I simply wish to reserve to the United
States and to these companies every legal
right they at present possess. I am willing
to say that we will not demand of them in
any way the enforcement of the full payment
of the interest on the bonds issued by us,
because I believe that would break them up;
but at the same time I am not willing to sur-
render the legal right to demand the payment
of interest hereafter, if the changed condition
of the companies should enable them to pay
it. All I wish is the reservation of our legal
right to sue for and recover the amount of
money due from these railroads for the inter-
est paid for their benefit. If my phraseology
is not accurate enough—I drew it here at my
desk—1 am willing to accept from the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee anything in
phraseology that will cover the idea.
Mr. THURMAN. My colleague made a
suggestion that there ought to be a judicial
determination of this question. I am willing,
for my own part, that Congress shall decide it,
and decide it definitely ; or I am willing that
there may be a judicial determination, if that
will be more satisfactory. Legal questions are
much better argued in court than they are in
legislative assemblies. I have, therefore, sit-
ting here, drawn a rather crude substitute for
the proposition of my colleague, which I will
read, and peihaps he may be willing to adopt
it instead of the amendment which he has
offered. It is to insert after the amendment
of the Senator from Nevada these words:
Provided, That for the purpose of procuring a
judicial detei mination of the question whether the
United t-tate*! have a right to be repaid in full each
installment of interest paid by 'liem immediately
upon the paymentthereof, itsh.ill be the duty of the
Attorney General to forthwith bring a suit usainst
some one of said companies to recover an installment
of interest paid by the b tuted Srates, which suit shall
be brought in the Court of Ciaiius, and said eourfc
shall have jurisdiction thereof: tuna said snit bhall
have precedence ou th&calendar in said court over
all othersuits or cases; and either pa-rfy to sueb suit
may appeal from the decision ot s«uu court to the
Supremo Court.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not like the amend-
ment of my colleague for this reason : it threat-
ens these companies with a litigation which I
