1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
informed, they knew, that those persons were
attached to the American legation ; they had
the highest assurances that such was the fact;
they knew they had been taken from under the
protection of our flag by a most outrageous
violation of the rights of the American nation.
It was not a question which merely concerned
those men, whether they were high or low,
learned or unlearned, American citizens or
British subjects; it was a question involv-
ing the honor and dignity of the nation. Yet
these men, when sent there, hobnobbed with
the Paraguayan officials, Lopez and his sub-
ordinates, in a manner which was anything but
creditable. I have in the course of my life seen
Army officers who appeared never to have
learned that " a man may smile and smile and
be a villain. '' '' These gentlemen and their supe-
rior officer, Admiral Davis, appear to have
been equally uninformed, or at least equally
oblivious, on the occasion of their interview
with Lopez and his officials, who, as they tell
us in their testimony, had been in Paris and
London, and whose manners they commend
as so conciliatory, courteous, and refined.
When these prisoners, having the appear-
ance of being just released from irons, were
brought in, these officers, so far from demanding
an opportunity to confer with them in private,
letting them know their official character and
that there was an American fleet at hand for
their protection, did not, so far as the testi-
mony discloses, deign even to hold communi-
cation with them. All their testimony shows
that they went there very strongly prejudiced
and predetermined against these unfortunate
men. What would be thought of a lawyer who
should manifest to the court before whom his
client was on trial that he was ashamed of
that client, and should seek to propitiate the
opposite party by an open abandonment of his
client's interests? Such a lawyer would be
scouted by the profession. Yet that is but a
faint illustration of what these gentlemen are
represented by themselves to have done on
that occasion.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] has cited the testimony of Fleet Cap-
tain Ramsay, in which he speaks of the condi-
tion of Masterman, who, when brought in,
appeared, as he says, more terrified than any-
body he had ever seen. Let me refer to the
testimony of his associate, Conmander Kirk-
land, as to the proceedings on that occasion :
"Question. Had you received any information in
regard to these men that impressed you unfavor-
ably.-
''Answer. I thought tliat Bliss was an outrageous
liar.
" Question. What reason had you to think that?
"Ansicer. I thought so from hearing these declara-
tions. He made some statements under oath in them,
with reference to letters which he said Mr. Wash-
burn had written to me and which I had written to
Mr. Y/ashburn. These statements were utterly un-
true, and I told one of the Paraguayan officers that
that fellow was a liar."
Imagine the moral effect of the presence of
two naval officers sent there from the fleet to
attest the confessions of these men, and who,
instead of seeking to inform themselves of the
facts and giving assurance to these unfortunate
men that the flag of the country was there for
their protection, stand aloof and tell the Par-
aguayan officers, "That fellow is a liar."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ORTIi. I now yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Willakd.]
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, my only
excuse for occupying the attention of the House
for a moment in the discussion of this question
is that it was my good or bad fortune to be a
member of the sub-Committee on Foreign
Affairs that has heard this testimony. Having
myself heard the larger part of it, and having
a very decided opinion in respect to the course
which ought to be pursued in reference to it, I
cannot, in justice to myself, suffer the matter
to pass to a vote without giving as briefly as
possible the reasons why, in niy judgment, the
resolutions censuring Admirals Godon and
Davis should not be adopted.
In the first place it has been stated here again
and again, so that there is hardly need to repeat
it, that these two officers, Admiral Davis and
Admiral Godon, whom it is now proposed to
censure, have once, upon a full examination
of the official correspondence by the Secretary
of State and the Secretary of the Navy, been
complimented for the manner in which they
performed the difficult and delicate duties,
in connection with the mission to Paraguay,
imposed upon them while on the South Atlan-
tic station.
My friend, the chairman of the committee,
says that what these resolutions mean is that
these two gentlemen, whose previous standing
in the Navy had been high; men educated in
the duties of their profession and learned in
international law ; who, in ail respects and at
all timas, have acted fully in accordance with
the instructions of their superiors in Washing-
ton, are to be censured because they have in
this business acted strictly in conformity with
the instructions and regulations of the Navy
Department.
Mr. BANKS. I have stated that they are
not to be censured. The resolutions declare
the fact that they did not do their duty. The
fault was with (he Department, or the policy
of the Department.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, I think that
if the name of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts was in either of these resolutions, instead
of the name of Admiral Davis or Admiral
Godon, he would have a very decided impres-
sion that he was censured if the resolution
should be adopted.
Mr. BANKS.. Not if I had been instructed
to do as I did.
Mr. WILLARD. It may be, Mr. Speaker,
that the gentleman from Massachusetts can
vote for these resolutions without disapproving
of the conduct of these officers, performed in
obedience to the orders of their superiors at
Washington, or without intending to censure
them; but if there is any other member who
can do so, he must certainly put a very singu-
lar construction upon a vote by this House
adopting a resolution declaring that two offi-
cers of the Navy have, in the instances named,
failed to do their duty.
Mr. BANKS. Not at all. I disapproved
uf the whole transaction. I do not censure
one mail, but I disapprove and condemn the
whole thing.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, it was in the
power of the committee who reported these res-
olutions: that is, in the power of the majority
of the committee, to report resolutions censur-
ing the Secretary of the Navy, to censure the
Secretary of State, and the two superior officers
behind them. Mr. Speaker, to censure the Pres-
ident of the United States for having adopted
this objectionable practice, and approved the
objectionable instructions, to which the chair-
man of the committee called attention in his
remarks upon these resolutions. They have
chosen not to do that. They have chosen to let
these high officers, who made these regulations
and instructions, and who would court-martial
and cashier any officer who did not obey them,
escape without censure, while they condemn
their subordinates for strict obedience both to
the letter and spirit of such instructions. They
will throw the whole burden of this condem-
nation upon them and let the Navy Depart-
ment and the State Department, and the Pres-
ident of the United States go without reproof,
so far as these resolutions are concerned.
Now, sir, in my judgment a subordinate officer
who follows his instructions, who obeys the
commands of his superiors, is entitled to
have that fact considered in his defense as
sufficient to warrant a judgment of acquittal.
If the instructions are wrong the censure
should be visited upon the superior officer who
gave the instructions and not upon the sub-
ordinate, whose only guilt is obedience to
orders.
But, to come back to the resolutions before
the House. Mr. Washburn started as minister
to Paraguay, and when he got as far as the
station where Admiral Godon was in command
of the South Atlantic squadron, he asked the
admiral to send him up to Paraguay in a man-
of-war. At that time there was no difficulty
in getting np the river. He could have gone
up in a merchant vessel or steamer, and there
was no necessity for sending him up in one of
the United States ships, and Admiral Godon
therefore declined to send him up in a vessel
of war. without specific instructions to that
effect. Afterward, when the blockade of the
river commenced, Mr. Washburn asked Admi-
ral Godon for a man-of-war to take him up
through the blockade to Asuncion. He asked
him to break the blockade, and Admiral Go-
don refused, as that would be an act of war,
and he could not do it until he had instructions
from home ; and I understand the distinguished
chairman of the Committee oil Foreign Affairs
[Mr. Banks] to hold that in this decision he
acted in accordance with the instructions of
the Navy Department in all like eases. That
is the crime for which Admiral Godon is to
be censured ! It has been characterized as a
crime, and he has been denounced in the most
unmeasured terms because he did what the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has stated was only
carrying out in letter and spirit the instructions
of the Navy Department, and conforming to
the practice of the Navy in all similar exigen-
cies.
Mr. BANKS. All I propose is that we shall
condemn the practice which he followed and
to state the principle which we hold to be
right.
Mr. WILLARD. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
have no more to say in respect to Admiral
Godon than this : that up to this time I do not
know that there is one stain on his record.
He is one of the best officers in the Navy. In
acquaintance with his duty and with the law,
and, indeed, in every other respect, he is one
of the most efficient officers in the service. I
think any one who will read the papers care-
fully through must come to the conclusion
that ho stands, upon the evidence, justified,
fully justified, in his whole course in reference
to matters in Paraguay. In the language of
an official communication from Secretary Sew-
ard to Secretary Welles, ''he executed the
peculiarly delicate duty confided to him with
firmness, prudence, and courtesy."
I come next to the case of Admiral Davis,
and I shall violate no confidence of the com-
mittee when I say that the resolution offered
by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Okth]
as an amendment to the resolutions reported
by the committee was before the committee and
a majority of the committee voted against it.
Mr. OKTH. The committee was equally
divided.
Mr. WILLARD. A majority did not vote
for it.
Mr. ORTH. The committee stood 5 aud 5.
Mr. WILLARD. Very well; the committee
did not vote for it, although it was before the
committee.
Admiral Davis got notice, about, the 10th of
October, 1868, that Bliss and Masterman had
been seized by Lopez at the time Mr. Wash-
burn left Asuncion. Mr. Webb, who was tlien
our minister to Brazil—and he was evidently
laboring under the impression, so far as the
South American States were concerned, that-
he was the United States, and it was not neces-
sary for any naval officer or any diplomatic
officer to go beyond him to get instructions
from Washington—Mr. Webb was quite ready
to furnish all instructions and give all orders
as to the conduct of affairs in any part of
South America, whether to Mr. Washburn or
General McMahon or Admiral Davis; and
if they were not at once heeded, the public
heard of it through the newspapers at the
earliest possible moment. When Mr. Webb
got news of the arrest of Bliss and Masterman,
he substantially ordered Admiral Davis with
