1782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
of the transportation money and apply it on the
interest paid by ns. We say here in this prop-
osition that he has not that right. I believe
myself that he has not the right to retain any-
thing but one half the transportation. Why?
Because the lights of the first mortgagees,
the rights of the men who run the road, and
the rights of others, intervene. But there is
another question, as distinct from that as
heaven from earth, certainly. It is whether
or not there is any legal liability on the part
of these companies to pay to the United States
the interest paid for their use. That right can
only be asserted by a suit in court. I am will-
ing to surrender the point that is claimed here
on behalf of the Judiciary Committee, that
the Secretary of the Treasury has no right of
his own motion to retain this money belonging
to the companies, but that he ought to pay it
over to them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does that surrender
anything more t han the simple right of set-off"?
Mr. SHERMAN. Then what is the objec-
tion to this amendment. I know that when
private parties contest with the United States,
and when the laws of the United States are
to be construed, every construction will be
urged against the United States that can pos-
sibly he urged. That, we all know, and my friend
from Illinois is a shrewd enough lawyer t,osee
that when we surrender a right, as we do here,
we surrender more than the mere words ex-
press ; we surrender the right to recover back
the interest.
Now, sir, I am not willing to do that, and I put
this question to the Senator representing the
great State of Illinois: suppose that in ten years
from this time these great Pacific railroads
should be ahle to pay their running expenses,
should be able to pay the interest on the first
mortgage, should be able to repay to us the
interest, on our bonds, would we have the United
States pay $4,000,000 a year for the benefit of
these companies when their treasuries might be
overflowing, without asserting the right of the
Government to reclaim that interest? I hope
not.. All I desire now is to reserve whatever
legal rights the Government may have for the
recovery of this interest by a suit at law ; I wish
to reserve that for the future, if the courts,
after full discussion and consideration, shall
decide the question against the United States,
and say that we have by the provisions of ex
isting law surrendered all right to recover
back the interest until the principal is due,
then we have nothing to do but to submit to
the law so declared. But, as a legislator, in
view of the rapid development of this coun-
try, in view of the probability that in a short
time these railroad companies will be able to
repay us this interest from time to time as it
accrues, I am not willing to surrender the right
to demand it. So far as the Judiciary Com-
mittee have gone in deciding the purely legal
question as to the right of the Secretary of the
Treasury to retain the whole of the transpor-
tation money, I agree that the committee are
right.; 1 do not dismite with them.
Mr. STEWART. Do you oil the other
question.
Mr. SHERMAN. That question was not
referred to iliem.
Mr. SniWAHT. Oh, yes; it was referred
to them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say that I will not
surrender a claim on the part of the United
States for an annuity of $4,000,000 for thirty
years, upon the report of any committee in the
world, made without argument. If we surren-
der that, it must be by a decision of the courts,
because I say that when we gave out these
bonds as a loan to these companies the promise
to repay the principal of the loan, without any
other obligation necessarily implied a promise
to repay the interest paid out during the contin-
uance of the loan. But 1 do say, on the other
hand, that we have no right to assert that
claim until the interest on the first mortgage
bonds is paid and until the running expenses
are paid. But I am not willing to subordinate
the right of the United States until everything
else is paid, until these companies build new
branches and new roads. I am willing to
subordinate the right of the United States to
the reclamation of its interest, to the first
mortgage bonds, which have been issued, and
also to all necessary expenses of running the
roads, but I am not willing to subordinate it
to all new expenditures that may be created
by the companies in case they are able to pay.
I am one of those who believe the construc-
tion of the Pacific railroad has been a great
public benefit. It probably has already been
of more benefit to us as a nation than all the
interest on all the bonds, we have issued. But
that is no reason why we should surrender our
legal right and legal claim against these com-
panies if we have one. They also have been
benefited. The men who have constructed the
road have been benefited. They have made
largely as well as the United States. The con-
struction of the road has contributed to the
material prosperity of every man, woman, and
child in the United States. Let the men en-
gaged in this enterprise enjoy whatever pros-
perity they have growing out of it. I do not
wish on that account to surrender a legal right
on the part of the United States to reclaim this
interest when the companies are able to pay it;
and I say that as a question of moral ethics, as
between the companies and the United States,
the companies are bound to pay us back the
interest as soon as they are able to do it. The
very moment the interest on the first mortgage
bonds is paid and the running expenses are
paid the next lien is the lien of the United
States.
Now, Mr. President, all I want is to pre-
vent the prejudging of this question, because
we are now in the face of the nation legislat-
ing on a question greater in magnitude than
the whole Army appropriation bill. I am per-
fectly willing to be just, generous, and liberal
to these railroad companies. I am willing to
give them up the money that is held by the
Secretary of the Treasury and follow the strict
letterof thelaw ; butl never would enforce our
claim to the full amount of this interest, even
if it was settled in our favor, until these roads
were put upon so strong a basis that they might
pay it without embarrassing themselves. But,
sir, I am not willing in the outset to surrender
this claim in advance unless the courts should
pass upon it and decide that we have no such
legal claim.
As to the phraseology, I have been con-
versing with my friend from California. His
proposition would carry out my idea as well
as my own, but the one which I drew at my
desk seems to have undergone the criticisms
of Senators all around me, and expresses a
simple idea that while we give up to these
companies our pretended claim to reserve the
whole transportation to pay our interest, we
simply reserve all our other legal rights with-
out changing or impairing the rights of the
railroad companies. I thought when I ottered
the amendment that every one would assent
to it and there the controversy would end.
Mr. WARNER. I rise not to make a
speech, but to make ail inquiry. I wish to
understand this question, and I desire to pro-
pound an inquiry that the Senator from .Ne-
vada can probably answer. As I understand,
all are agreed that at the end of thirty years
these companies are required to pay the bonds
and the interest. Nobody disputes that. Now,
the only question is whether they are required
to pay.the interest as it accrues and is paid by
the Government. The law requires that the
Government shall retain one half the earning
or the amount due by the Government to the
company for services. The Secretary of the
Treasuiy withholds the payment of our half.
Now, the Senator from Ohio wants to reserve
the legal claim of the Government against
these companies so that at any time when
their circumstances may justify the Govern-
ment may enforce its claim and make them
pay up. Now, the question before the Sen-
ate is, whether we shall relieve the companies
from the present payment of interest because
their circumstances will not justify the exac-
tion of the interest now. The inquiry I wish
to make I will put in distinct language, in this
shape: what is the objection to a proposition
that for a certain period of time, say five years,
or six years, or ten years, the Government
will waive its right to collect this interest?
Mr. STEWAKT. The objection is simply
that the Government has no right to claim it.
At the time the bill of 18(54 was under discus-
sion the then Senator from Vermont (Mr. Col-
lamer) tried to make it definite on this point;
and he offered-several amendments requiring
the company to' pay the interest; but the Sen-
ator from Ohio contended against them, and
said the road could not be built under such
restrictions. The Senator from Ohio voted
against every proposition requiring the com-
panies to pay the interest semi annually. He
was then, as he is now, chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, and his views and his votes
had some influence on the financial world.
The construction of the Department for six
years was that the interest was not due by the
companies semi-annually, but that the Gov-
ernment was bound to pay over one half of the
transportation, as provided in 1864.
Now, the Judiciary Committee have found,
on both points, in favor of the companies.
They have found that the interest is not due
semi-annually, and they have found that the
Secretary of the Treasury ought to pay over
one half of the compensation for transporta-
tion under the act of 1864, which says that
only one half the compensation for services
shall be applied on the bonds. We say sim-
ply that he ought to have paid that one half.
We do not go on to put any construction upon
any other question. The other is an independ-
ent question, and that is, whether the Govern-
ment of the United States has aright to collect
the interest. We say no more in this provision
than we did in the act of 1864, that one half
the compensation for services shall be paid to
the company. By no fair construction can
this proposition prevent the Government of
the United States from exercising any rights
it has under existing laws except to retain the
one half compensation; but if you put on a
proviso excepting existing rights, you create
an implication which amounts to an invitation
forthe United States to commence suitimme-
diately, and to put these parties in a condition
where they will very likely fail.
I tell you the decision of the Secretary of
the Treasury has already destroyed several
hundred men connected with these roads who
were rich men when they commenced their
construction, and are to-day poor men. I tell
you now that if you have a suit brought by the
Department to enforce this alleged right, you
necessarily drive this property out of their
hands. It will be a declaration that you are
going to take it out of their hands. It will
produce one of two results: either the first
mortgage bondholders must take the road, and
you have no such favorable contract with
them ; or the Government of the United States
must pay the first mortgage bonds and run the
road itself, or make some disposition of it.
Toucan see the jobs that are in that. Do yon
want to hold the sword over these men so that
they will have no credit? It will destroy their
credit. The stock of the Union Pacific went
down in a day from over forty per cent, to ten
per cent, in consequence of the action of the
Secretary of the Treasury, it came so unex-
pectedly ; nobody was looking for it.
Now, the Judiciary Committee say that by
law one half of this compensation should be
paid to the companies. All that ought to be
said now is just simply a reaffirmance of what
