1172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
possessed by the United States \ while, on
the other hand, the power of the Union has
been upheld in theory,.and reduced to practice
in many particulars of which the writers of
that great vindication riot only did not, but
of which they would not have dared to assert
the existenqe. Therefore, whatever powers
the Federalist concedes to the President, it is
pretty safe for him to exercise.
No. 74, by Mr. Hamilton, is as follows:
"The expediency of vesting the power of pardon-
ing in the President has, if I mistake not, been only
contested in relation to the crime of treason. This,
it has been urged, ought to have depended upon the
assent of one or both of the branches of the legisla-
tive body'. I shall not deny that there are strong
reasons to be assigned for requiring in this particu-
lar the concurrence of that body or of a part of it.
As treason is a crime leveled at the immediate being
of the society, when the laws have once ascertained
the guilt of the offender, there seems a fitness in
referring the expediency of an act of mercy t&ward
him to the judgment of the Legislature. And this
ought the rather to be the case, as the supposition
of the connivance of the Chief Magistrate oughtnot
to be entirely excluded. But there are also strong
objections to such a plan. It is not to be doubted
that a single man of prudence and good sense is bet-
ter fitted, in delicate conjunctures, to balance the
motives which may plead for and against the remis-
sion of the punishment than any numerous body
whatever. It deserves particular attention that
treason will often be connected with seditions, which
embrace a large proportion of the community, as
lately happened in Massachusetts.
** In every such case we might expect to see the
representation of the people tainted with the same
spirit whichhad given birth to the offense. Andwhen
partieswere pretty equally poised the secret sympa-
thy of the friends and favorers of the condemned,
availing itself of the good nature and weakness of
others, might frequently bestow impunity where the
terror of an example was necessary. On the other
hand, when the sedition had proceeded from causes
which had inflamed the resentments of the major
party, they might often be found obstinate and inex-
orable when policy demanded a conduct of forbear-
ance and clemency.
"But the principal argument for reposing the
power of pardoning in this case in the Chief Magis-
trate is this: in seasons of insurrection or rebellion
there are often critical moments when a well-timed
offer of pardon to the insurgents or rebels may re-
store the tranquillity of the Commonwealth, and
which, if suffered to pass unimproved, it may never
be possible afterward to recall. The dilatory pro-
cess of convening the Legislature, or one of its
branches, for the purpose of obtaining its sanction,
would frequently be the occasion of letting slip the
golden opportunity. The loss of a week, a day, an
hour, may sometimes be fatal. If it should be ob-
served that a discretionary power, with a view to
such contingencies, might be occasionally conferred
upon the President, it may be answered in the first
place that it is questionable whether, in a limited
constitution, that power could be delegated by law,
and in the second place that it would generally be
impolitic beforehand to take any step which might
hold out the prospect of impunity. A proceeding
of this kind, out of the usual course, would be likely
to be construed into an argument of timidity or of
weakness, and would have a tendency to embolden
guilt.'*
The same general views are enforced in
Story on the Constitution, section fifteen hun-
dred. He says:
"But the principal argument for reposing the
power of pardon in the executive magistrate in
cases of treason is, that in seasons of insurrection or
rebellion there are critical moments, when a well-
timed offer of pardon to the insurgents or rebels may
restore the tranquillity of the Commonwealth ; and
if these are suffered to pass unimproved, it may be
impossible afterward to interpose with the same
success. The dilatory process of convening the
Legislature, or one of the branches, for the purpose
of sanctioning such a measure, would frequently bo
the loss of the golden opportunity. The loss of a
week, of a day, or even of an hour, may sometimes
prove fatal. If a discretionary power were confided
to the President to act insuch emergencies, itwould
greatjy diminish the importance of the restriction."
It is evident that both these writers regarded
the pardoning power as extending to all cases
of insurrection, rebellion, and treason, and
that it might be exercised in favor of a whole
population by a single act as it was exercised
m this instance. The argument employed to
justify the vesting of this power in the Pres-
ident is that it might happen that u the loss
(.f a week, of a day, or even of an hour,"
might deprive the .pardoning power of that
ffSuacy which might otherwise restore the
44 tranquillity of the Commonwealth." If it
were necessary to an exercise of this power
that a formal pardon under seal should be
executed and delivered to each individual, it
is evident that neither il an hour, a day, or a
week" would suffice for the practical exercise
of the power. And yet the idea is that in some
critic&f circumstance of a great rebellion an
exercise of the pardoning power may change
the whole face of things, and, by relieving a
vast population of the consequences of their
crime, restore the tranquillity of the nation.
In Great Britain, from the earliest times,
general pardons have been resorted to as a
means of restoring peace and preventing war.
In most instances, perhaps, Parliament has
passed such general acts or pardon. But it is
to be borne in mind that in the absence of
a written constitution, and with sovereignty
residing in Parliament, the separation of
powers, legislative and executive, under what
is called the British constitution, is vfiry imper-
fect. Parliament does about what it pleases
without inquiring whether the act is executive
or legislative in its character. But by our Con-
stitution these powers have been separated and
distributed by the Constitution between Con-
gress and the President. The pardoning power
by enumeration, not definition, is conferred
upon the President, and he possesses all the
power to pardon offenses that resides in the
Government.
As Congress has no power to pardon a crime
it cannot authorize any other person to do so.
Pardons must emanate from the President;
and their validity is referable to the Constitu-
tion, and cannot be strengthened by an act of
Congress. It is not to be assumed that a
power to grant general pardons, which was so
familiar to the framers of the Constitution,
and had so often and with such salutary results
been-exercised in England, was designed to be
withheld from our Government; and yet it was
withheld, unless it is embraced in the pardon-
ing power conferred upon the President. The
language I have quoted from the Federalist
and from Story's Commentaries show the gen-
eral understanding to be that the President
has this power.
As a contemporaneous exposition of this
power, the proclamation issued by Washing-
ton after the whisky insurrection is entitled
to great weight, considering that Washington
himself was president of the Convention which
framed the Constitution, and his Cabinet, who
must -have advised his act, were among the
ablest statesmen our country has ever pro-
duced. This proclamation is in volume twelve
ofSparks's Writings of Washington. Afterthe
recitations the proclamation proceeds to say :
"Therefore, be it known that I, George Wash-
ington, President of the said United States, have
granted, and by these presents do grant, a full, free,
and entire pardon to all persons (excepting as is here-
inafter excepted) of all treasons, misprisions of trea-
son, and other indictable offenses against the Uni-
ted States, committed within the fourth survey of
Pennsylvania before the said 22d day of August last
past, excepting and excluding therefrom, neverthe-
less, every person who refused or neglected to give
and subscribe the said assurances in the manner
aforesaid, (or having subscribed, hath violated the
same,) and now standeth indicted or convicted of
any treason, misprision of treason, or other offense
against the said United States, hereby remitting
and releasing unto all persons, except as before
excepted, all penalties incurred, or supposed to be
iacurred, for or on account of the premises/'
Again, a similar proclamation was issued by
Mr. Adams on the 21st of May, 1800, found
in the ninth volume of Adams's Works, in
which, after the recitation, he says :
""Wherefore bo it known that I, John Adams,
President of the United States of America, have
granted, and by these presents do grant, a full, free,
and absolute pardon to all and every person or per-
sons concerned in the said insurrection, excepting as
hereinafter excepted, of all treasons, misprisions of
treason, felonies, misdemeanors, and other crimes
by them respectively done or committed against the
United States in either of the said counties, before
the 12th day of March in the year 1799; excepting
and excluding therefrom every person who now
standeth indicted or convicted of any treason, mis-
prision of treason, or other offense against the United
States; whereby remedying and releasing unto ail
persons, except as before excepted, all pains and
penalties incurred or supposed to be incurred for or
on account of the premises."
Now, Mr. President, it is, I think, quite man-
ifest that it was not the purpose of those who
framed the Constitution of the United States
to annihilate a great sovereign power which
the experience of the English nation had
shown was absolutely necessary to its well-
being, and the instances are too numerous
to be. mentioned where the tranquillity of Eng-
land has been secured by general pardon,-gen-
erally, as I said, by act of Parliament, but
not always so. Charles II, after arriving afe
Breda, issued a proclamation of general par-
don, which I have here in the second volume
of Clayton's Memoirs of Charles II, in which
he says:
"And to the end that fear of punishment may not
engage any, conscious to themselves of what ib past,
to a perseverance in guilt for the future, by oppos-
ing the quiet and happiness of their country in the
restoration both of kings, peers, and people to their
just, ancient, and fundamental rights, we do by
these presents declare that we do grant a free and
general pardon, which we are ready, upon demand*
to pass under our great seal of England," &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS, I wish to ask my friend
what he understands to be the meaning of the
language he has just read, that the king of
England says that he is ready to grant such par-
don under his great seal whenever applied to?
Mr. CARPENTER. He does not say that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend be kind
enough to read the language again?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly I will. After
the recitation he i
"We do by these presents declare that we do
grant a free and general pardon, which we areready,
upon demand, to pass under our great seal of Eng-
land/' &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Exactly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I grant to my friend
from Vermont a certain piece of land7 and I
covenant to give him further assurance on
demand. The grant is good; the covenant to
give further assurance does not tiestroy the
grant nor shake its validity in the slightest
particular.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, may I ask my
friend if he does not know that under the Eng-
lish law, under precisely that proclamation,
no subject could avail himself of it as a defense
to a criminal prosecution unless he produced
a -pardon to him under the great seal there
referred to. Does not my friend know that
that is the English law?
Mr. CARPENTER, i do not &now it.
Does my friend from Vermont know it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do.
Mr. CARPENTER. I congratulate my
friend on his knowledge. [Laughter.}
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to inquire
whether the effect of the pardon the Senator
speaks of, as he understands it, is to dispense
with the penalties and pains, or to dispense
with the statute imposing them ?
Mr. CABPENTER. It is impossible for me
to answer every proposition in the same breath.
The question put to me by the Senator from
New York I have anticipated, or rather I intend
to give my view of that subject in the course
of my remarks.
Mr. CONKLING. I have only to say that
so few things are impossible with my friend
from Wisconsin that I did not suppose even
that was.
Mr. CARPENTER. Well, it is impossible
for me to do two things at once and do them
both well. [Laughter.] I desire to speak of
another thing just now, and I will come to the
subject referred to by my friend from New
York by and by.
It cannot, therefore, I think, be contro-
verted that the proclamation of the President
before referred to was a valid act of pardon,
and that it has the legal effect to exonerate
Dr. Miller from all the consequences of his
crime, as far as would have been accomplished
by an express pardon delivered to him on the
day of its date.
Assuming the validity of the proclamation
as an act of pardon to Dr. Miller, it rem.iins
to consider the effect of such pardon; and
here we are referred, by the decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States in the
cases of United States vs. Wilson ; 7 Pet.,
