1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Miller, whose offense never brought him with-
in the prohibitions of the fourteenth amend-
ment, who was a non-combatant during the
war, whose only offense is that he exercised
the Christian duties of his profession on behalf
of wounded rebels, as it was exercised by our
own surgeons when they fell into our own
hands, is to be excluded.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. The third section of the
act of July 17, 1862, provides—
"That every person guilty of either of the offenses
described in this act shall be forever incapable and
disqualified to hold any office under the United
States."
I ask the Senator if the substance of that
section is not that if a man is guilty he is dis-
qualified? If that guilt appears upon convic-
tion, upon indictment, that meets the ease.
If it appears by his own confession upon a
bill asking for relief on the ground of his guilt,
I ask if that does not come within the mean-
ing of the statute and within the spirit of the
law?
Mr. CARPENTER. I am not responsible
for this Constitution. I did not make it. If
it is a bad one that does not stain my gar-
ments. Here it is: " No person shall be held
to answer for a capital or other infamous
crime unless he shall first be indicted," &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Allow me to ask, does
the Senator contend that passing this law or
refusing to pass it is holding a man to answer
i>; the sense of the Constitution ?
Mr. CARPENTER. No; butT claim that
it is punishing him without even a chance to
answer. It is a remarkable theory of the
Constitution that can so easily be evaded.
What was the object of this provision which I
have read? What is its spirit? What is the
protection it which holds over men charged
with crime in the United States?
To understand the import of this provision
we must bear in mind that it does not occur in
the literature of a half-civilized nation, but
that it is a provision found in the Constitution
of an enlightened people familiar with civil
liberty and the ordinary proceedings under the
common law. This provision declares that no
man shall be compelled to answer, that is, no
man shall ever be subjected to the expense and
disgrace of a trial for any supposed crime
except on indictment found by a grand jury.
Of course in a country where no man can be
"deprived of life, liberty or property except
on due process of law;" that is where no man
can be punished until after conviction by judg-
ment of his peers, the provision that he shall
not even be put on trial without indictment
includes all the consequences to result from
conviction on trial. But, says the Senator from
Indiana, we cannot compel a criminal to an-
swer to his crime without indictment, but we
can punish him without a trial.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. When I ask aquestion, of
course I desire to have it met. This statute
disqualifies the man, not because he has been
convicted upon trial, but it disqualifies him
because he is guilty of the offense; and if his
guilt appears upon his own confession, I ask
if it does not establish the disqualification ?
Mr. CARPENTER. That depends upon
another very obvious question : "whether the
Constitution can triumph over this act or
whether this act can silence the Constitution.
That is all there is about it. [Laughter.] If
you will construe the act in that way, I think
you do it great injustice; but if you will construe
it so, there is no doubt it is unconstitutional.
No man can defend it. But you do the great-
est injustice, I think, when you give it that
construction. Here is the first section pro-
viding " that every person who shall hereafter
commit the crime of treason against the United
States, and shall be adjudged guilty thereof,
shall suffer death, and all his slaves, if any,
shall be declared and made free," &c. Then
comes' section two, " that if any person shall
hereafter incite, set on foot, assist, or engage
in any rebellion," &c., 11 and be convicted
thereof, such person shall be punished;" and
so on.
Then section three:
" That every person guilty of eitherof the offenses
described in this act shall be forever incapable and
disqualified to hold any office under the United
States."
If the words "on conviction " were dropped
purposely, and it was intended by that act to
visit the punishment of a crime upon a man
without conviction, then I say your act is un-
constitutional; and I say so upon the ground
that the Constitution was intended to accom-
plish results. This Constitution, in its fair
spirit and meaning, says that no man shall be
held to answer, and much less be punished for
a crime until he shall have been indicted.
But, say the Senator from Vermont and the
Senator from Indiana, the Constitution sticks
in the bark ; it protects you in a form ; it saves
you a name, but the substance Congress can
take away. What is the object of this safe-
guard ? What benefit is it to me if I have com-
mitted treason, that I cannot be compelled to
answer in court without an indictment, if I
may be punished without answer? It is an
attainder act as far as it goes; it is an act
which visits punishment upon a man alleged
to be guilty, who has not been tried and con-
victed. Can it be possible that any lawyer in
this Senate can maintain that Congress can do
such a thing? If I am right in asserting that
exclusion from office is punishment—and that
is not my assertion, I am the most modest
man on this occasion you ever saw; I have
asserted nothing; I have referred to the cases
which have so decided—if that be true, then
is not an act of Congress which provides that
a citizen shall be punished without a trial
clearly unconstitutional?
If this be not as I claim, then is the Con-
stitution an illusion, a cheat, keeping "the
word of promise to the ear and breaking it to
the hope."
It may happen that in a particular instance,
owing to mitigating circumstances of general
notoriety, the grand jury of the district will
not indict a man who is supposed to have been
guilty of treason. Now in such case the Con-
stitution says, "No man shall be held to
answer for a capital or otherwise infamous
crime" unless a grand jury shall indict him.
But says the Senator from Indiana, we will
show you a trick worth two of that; true it is
we cannot compel you to answer and go to
trial, but we can punish you without a trial.
[Laughter.] Mr. President, I confess aston-
ishment at such lawless doctrines from such
a source. The Constitution of our country
is in imminent peril when such theories are
openly promulgated in the Senate of the United
States.
In this connection I desire to refer a little
in detail to this case of Cuinmings vs. State
of Missouri, and I will ask the Clerk to read a
passage from the opinion of the court, which I
have marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" The disabilities created by the constitution of
Missouri must be regarded as penalties—they con-
stitute punishment. Wedonot agree with the coun-
sel of Missouri, that 'to punish one is to deprive
him of life, liberty, or property, and that to take
from him anything less than these is no punishment
at all.' The learned counsel does not use these
terms—life, liberty, and property—as comprehending
every right known to the law. He does not include
under liberty freedom from outrage on the feelings
as well as restraints on the person. He does not
include under property those estates which one may
acquire in professions, though they are often the
source of the highest emoluments and honors. The
deprivation of any rights, civil or political, pre-
viously enjoyed may be punishment, the circum-
stances attending and the causes of the deprivation
determining this fact.
''Disqualification from office may be punishment,
as in cases of conviction upon impeachment. Dis-
qualification from the pursuits of a lawful avoca-
tion, or from positions of trust, or from the privilege
of appearing in the courts, or acting as an executor,
administrator, or guardian, may aiso and olten has
been imposed as punishment. By statute 9 and 10
William III, chapter 32, if any person educated in
or having made a profession of the Christian'reli-
gion did ' by writing, printing, teaching, or advised
speaking' deny the truth of the religion or the
divine authority of the Scriptures, he was for the
first offense rendered incapable to hold any office or
place of trust; and for the second he was rendered
incapable of bringing any action, being guardian,
executor, legatee, or purchaser of lands, besides
being subjected to three years' imprisonment with-
out bail.'
"By statute 1 George I, chapter 13, contempts
against the king's title arising from refusing or
neglecting to take certain prescribed oaths, and yet
'acting in an office or place of trust for which they
were required, were punished by incapacity to hold
any public office; to prosecute any suit; to be guard-
ian or executor; to take any legacy or deed of gift;
and to vote at any election for members of Parlia-
ment; and the offender was also subject to a forfeiture
of £500 to any one who would sue for the same.
"'Some punishments,' says Blackstone, 'consist
in exile or banishment by abjuration of the realm
or transportation; others in loss of liberty by per-
petual or temporary imprisonment. Some extend
to confiscation byforfeiture oflands ormovablcs, or
both, or of the pfofitsof lands for life; others induce
a disability of holding offices oremployments, being
heirs, executors, and the like.'
"In France, deprivation or suspension of civil
rights, or of some of them, and among these of the
right of voting, of eligibility to office, of taking part
in family councils, of being guardian or trustee, of
bearing arms, and of teaching or being employed in
a school or seminary of learning, are punishments
prescribed by her code.
" The theory upon which our political institutions
rest is, that all men have certain inalienable rights;
that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness; and that in the pursuit of happiness
all avocations, all honors, all positions, are alike
open to every one, and that in the protection of
these rights all are equal before the law. Any
deprivation or suspension of any of these rights
for past conduct is punishment, and can be in no
other wise defined.
"Punishment not being therefore restricted, as con-
tended by counsel, to the deprivation of life, liberty,
or property, but also embracing deprivation or sus-
pension of political or civil rights, and the disabili-
ties prescribed by the provisions of the Missouri
constitution being in effect punishment, we proceed
to consider whether there is any inhibition in the
Constitution of the United States against their
enforcement."
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I con-
gratulate the people of the United States that
the Supreme Court still remains ; that there
is one sanctuary of human rights where the
license, the licentiousness I may say, of politi-
cal speech has not yet driven reason away.
And I oppose this clear exposition of consti-
tutional truth to the wild ravings of partisan
extravagance, to all the wild theories and de-
structive doctrines of the Senator from Indiana
upon the constitutional rights of the citizen.
Deprivation of the right to hold office, or of
any other right or privilege of the citizen is
punishment. Punishment can only be con-
victed upon the criminal who has been duly
convicted, according to the "due process of
law," by the "judgment of his peers," the
"jurors of the county." These are the doc-
trines of the highest judicial court of the
Republic, the tribunal where political frenzy
has the least influence and where truth suffers
the least alloy from partisan intemperance.
Mr. President, the Senator from Vermont
put me a question, which upon the instant 1
did not see the full force and bearing of, but
which I think is very easily answered, lip
points to the fact that this proclamation of
pardon was issued six months after the elec-
tion of Mr. Miller, and he asks what is the
consequence of that fact? Mr. President, the
question is not whether Mr. Miller was eligible
at the time he was elected, because if you put
it upon that ground the Constitution of the
United States has specified all the qualifications
required of a Senator in article one, section
three, clause three :
" No person shall be a Senator who shall not have
attained to the age of thirty years, and been nine
years a citizen of the United States, and who shall
not, when elected, be an inhabitant of that State lor
which he shall be chosen.0
Congress can no more add to the qualifica-
tions than it can take from them as prescribed
by the Constitution.
