348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
HOUSE OF .REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 7, 1871.
The House metat twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part,
when, on motion of Mr. DICKEY, the further
reading was dispensed with.
order of business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Wilsojj,
of Minnesota, in the chair.) By order of the
House, the session of to-day is for debate only,
as in Committee of the Whole, no business to
be transacted.
president's annual message.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, as the basis
of the remarks which I propose to submit to
the House to-day, I ask the Clerk to read the
first paragraph of the President's annual mes-
The Clerk read as follows:
"A year of peace and general prosperity to this
nation has passed since tho last assembling of Con-
gress. We have, through a kind Providence, been
blessed with abundant crops, and have been spared
from complications and war with foreign nations.
In our midstcomparative harmony has been restored.
It is to be regretted, however, that a free exercise
of the elective franchise has, by violence and intim-
idation, been denied to citizens in exceptional cases
in several of the States lately in rebellion, and the
verdict of the people has thereby been reversed.''
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, the President
here informs this House that in some portions
of the States lately in rebellion against the
Government of the United States a free bal-
lot has been obstructed. Now, sir, I hold that
it is the duty of the Government to protect
every citizen in all his rights under the Con-
stitution and laws of the States and of the
United States. This right to vote is, if I un-
derstand it correctly, the highest right of an
American citizen, and this right the President
tells us, officially, has been denied. It seems
proper, therefore, as lie has not informed us
that he has taken such action as he can consti-
tutionally, to remedy this evil, that this House
should take some notice of this very grave
charge. So far as my own information goes
I am ready to indorse what the President has
said, to some extent, at least. In the State
which I have the honor in part to represent
this right has been denied to a portion of the
qualified voters of that State, not, as the Pres-
ident charges, or as it may be supposed, by
intimidation coming from unlawfully armed
bands of men, but by one high in authority in
the State of Arkansas. No less a personage
than the Governor of that sovereign State has,
as I shall attempt to show, trampled upon the
rights of the citizens of that State, in utter
disregard of his oath of office when he entered
upon the discharge of his duties as Governor
of that State.
Now, sir, in order that the House may
understand the history of this matter, let me
state that under the present organization of
the State of Arkansas the Governor is clothed
with unlimited power in that State. He has
power to appoint every officer in the State,
from supreme judge down to constable. He
has exercised that power, as I shall show, un-
lawfully, and through that exercise has denied
to the citizens of that State the right which the
constitution of the State and the laws of the
State say they are entitled to.
When the present constitution of the State
of Arkansas, which constitution was accepted
by this Congress, was formed, it was declared
that the Legislature first chosen should make
provision for the election of all officers in the
State, with a proviso that if the Legislature did
not make such provision then the Governor
should appoint. That Legislature, coming to-
gether under peculiar circumstances, in the
midst almost of a revolution in public senti-
ment, seemed to have no regard for the public
interests at all, and made no provision for the
election of officers, and therefore, under the
constitution, the Governor, as I have said, was
charged with the appointment of all officers
in'the State, from supreme judge down to the
lowest constable, and even with the appoint-
ment of aldermen in the towns and cities of
the State.
This extraordinary power, sir, in the hands
of a good man, would be dangerous; but in
the. hands of a bad man its exercise should
certainly be guarded and closely scrutinized.
Sir, the powers of the Governor of the State
of Arkansas are greater to-day than the
powers pertaining to William of Prussia, and
1 am sure that the Governor has not exercised
those powers with as great a degree of respect
for the right of those over whom he rules as
has William of Prussia exercised his over his
subjects. The present constitution of Arkan-
sas imposes three disfranchising qualifications
upon the voters of that State : first, those dis-
franchised by the fourteenth amendment; sec-
ond, those who took the oath during the war
and were afterward found within the rebel
lines; and third, all who were engaged in any
unlawful warfare. Now, sir, these registrars,
appointed by Governor Clayton, undertook to
determine, just as they chose, whether a man
was disfranchised under those three clauses,
and their decision is the supreme law of the
State, so far as registration is concerned, sub-
ject only to the power of the Governor of the
State. This registration law, properly exe-
cuted, would not be so bad ; but in the hands
of bad men you can see at once that it is a
power which should not be vested in any man.
The registration law creates three registrars
for each county in the State, with power to
appoint the judges and the clerks of election.
The Governor has the power to remove one
of those registrars or all of them at his will,
and substitute other men in their places. The
registrars thus appointed throughout the State
constitute a board of review, which is required
to commence its sessions five days previous to
the election and continue five days. This law
gives the registrars the right to canvass the
voters as they go around, and give out certifi-
cates to the voters. When the board of review
come together, and they find that they have too
many men in any county opposed to the Gov-
ernor, they strike off from the registration lists
the names of such men as they choose to strike
off, notwithstanding the parties may have been
registered by the registrars passing through the
county and may have been given certificates;
so that men who come up to the polls with cer-
tificates in their hands find that their names
have been left off the registration book; and
the judges are required to receive the vote of
no man whose name does not appear upon the
books.
Now, sir, in a country like ours, I would ask j|
you if this is not a strange case indeed? In l|
this enlightened age, and in this once proud !i
country, is it not a crying shame that tho voice |i
of the people should be stifled in this way?
But this is not all. These registrars, on the
most trifling pretext, may reject any man they
choose to reject, as I have already said ; and
it is in this way that the voic« of the people of
Arkansas has been stifled, and it is in this way
that the rights of men have been trampled
upon ; and it is, in part, because of this that I
presented a resolution of inquiry to this House
a few days ago, in order that thi| House might
take such action as it should deem proper
touching the rights of the people under the
Constitution of the United States.
Now, sir, the Governor, who is a bold, dar 
ing man, becomes a candidate for the United
States Senate. Instructions are given to these
registrars of his to register alone in his inter-
est; and I will remark hero that representa-
tives in the Legislature of Arkansas are not
elected by counties,_ as is the case in other
States, but under this new regime legislative
districts are strung out, three or four counties
being put in a single district, and from some
districts eight representatives are elected.
In the course of events a district becomes a
doubtful one. When it was made they sup-
posed it was sure for them for all time to come.
But, as I have said, in the course of events
things change and the district becomes a doubt-
ful one. For instance, here is a large county
having a preponderance of votes in favor of
the Governor, while the other counties in the
district are against him. They see that aggre-
gating all the counties the district will go
against the Governor. Hence in one county
every friend of the Governor is registered,
while in the other counties the registration is
correspondingly cut down, so as to give to the
Governor the members of the Legislature from
that representative district. This is a brief
account of the way in which this thing has
been done.
In proof of what I have here stated I ask
the Clerk to read an extract from a card pub-
lished by Senator McDonald ; good Repub-
lican authority, I will remark; authority which
I suppose will not be doubted by at least the
Republican side of this House.
The Clerk read as follows :
It is undoubted that the Republicans regularly
nominated in tho Republican districts, if unwilling
to commit themselves unqualifiedly to Uovernor
Clayton, have been registered out and Democrats
elected in their stead, while in some Democratic dis-
tricts where there are Democrats who refuse to pledge
thomselvesto Clayton; Republicans have been regis-
tered in known to be m Governor Clayton's interest:
and on the evening ol the meeting of the Legislature
the Republicans known to be his supporters alone
were caucused, while other true Republicans, sup-
Posed to be opposed to him and his schemes, were
denied auniittance ; and rather than submit myself
to degradation in the indorsement of such conduct, I
. """""bent on myself and my iriends that I
should uechne the contest under such circumstances
ALEXANDER McDONALD.
Mr. ROGERS. That is the statement of
Senator McDojtald, a Republican, as I have
said, and a very clever gentleman. I will
remark here that this is not a political matter
on my part. As a Representative of the State
of Arkansas, I could not sit in my seat with
the knowledge I have upon this subject and
remain silent. I should be derelict to mv
duly to the people who sent me here if I could
remain silent. That you may the better under-
stand the operation of this course of affairs,
I ask the Clerk to read some extracts from a
letter I have received, omitting the names, for
reasons which will be readily understood.
The Clerk read as folio ws;
"Xovembeb 20, 1870,
"Dear Colonel: My preparatory trip, or rather
tour oi observation,J to this county has proved a
very good success. I managed to get into good favor
with J W - , a, leading Radical, and he made to
me many disclosures that I was satisfied of before
but ten sorely perplexed over the difficulty of proof
/♦i tTT s'Ys tha£ 9 •(the registrar,) and B !
(the Radical candidate lor the State senate ) oil
appointing him a judge of the election at R-—
were with him participants in the following dia-
logue, namely:
"%nv, —. I have appointed you the
chiet judge of election at this precinct, and you must
implicitly execute the law as Mr. E  and my«elf
instruct you.
"B • Yes; wo have got to beat at any hazard,
and you will iindon the books of registration thirty
names that are bogus, and you must keep the voters
forty paces away Irom theballot-box, except a* each
voter separately comes, as the law allows y/>u to do •
and then when the votes come slow there will be no
person to see you, and you must put thirty and
—— tickets in the box and count them tor us
• i  *i .uUt' sentlemen, there will be the other
judges and the clerks there to see me put the bal-
lots m the box.
q —. Yes; but I have selected them from men in
usiJthe pe^ttetnUary.ay fiDd tMS °Ut °" US' anJ l)ut
-•-i"«B Sodani?erofthat. Heroiaaletterrshowine
11] irom Governor Clayton to Mr. C—, in which hf
hundred it'HI 'totoarry'hi?county eight
nuuureu. naaicil a.t all events, and Ihni- it !ip
m trouble he will help him out andIfthVjud~13
are pr^cu ed and convicted he will pardon them.
"l\ ■ Wneio duUhat letter come irom?
and gave" it,a^ton wrote it in my presence
<inu gave it to mo to bring to C  You know il
won t do to trust these kind of documents to tho mailt
county sea tffor
beitVe condi?wni)h'P lsknown>and thls business had
of beiL eafth t' ua m'118 ?emote Precinct, for fear
(i oemg caught. Be&ides, I am not willing to taUe
the risks on it; and, in fact, I will not
