1786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
chusetts, Vermont, Connecticut, New York,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Mary-
land, Virginia, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois, Mis-
souri, Tennessee, Georgia, and Florida; milk-
ing sixteen States of the Union which have
soldiers' orphans in that institution. Iu was
built by private contributions, and all the or-
phans who are in it have been up to this time
maintained by private contributions.
Unless this aid is now extended, they are
unable to accommodate the number who are
applying for admission, and they will have to
turn out some who are there in the sight of
thegravesoftheir fathers. Many Senators will
recollect the incident connected with the bat-
tle of Gettysburg, 01 ^he finding of a daguerreo-
type of two children upon the body of a dead
soldier, and by means of that daguerreotype the
father was recognized—Surgeon Hammiston,
of New York, if 1 recollect aright. Prom that
incident this orphan asylum grew, and these
children are there being reared, educated, and
taken care of. I think with this statement there
will be no one who will object to an appro-
priation of $20,000 to continue the education
and maintenance of these soldiers' orphans.
Mr. COLE. I will inquire of the Senator
if he has given notice of this amendment ?
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. I think, then, it ought to go,
if upon any bill, upon some different bill than
this. I hope the Senator will not insist upon
it on this bill. Its proper place is on the mis-
cellaneous bill evidently.
Mr. SCOTT. Surely no man would make
an objection to placing 011 the appropriation
bill for the Array an appropriation to main-
tain the orphans of soldiers. I can see no
more appropriate place for it tli^n this.
Mr. EDMUNDS obtained the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to make a statement, as the hour has now
nearly arrived for a recess. The Chair desires
to state that yesterday and to-day executive
nominations have been received, and there
is a message from the President of the United
States to be communicated to the Senate in
executive session, which ought at least to be
referred. If there be no objection the Senate
will at half past four o'clock go into executive
session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
gojnto executive session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not now. I have the
floor.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to he proposition the Chair has made?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Noneatall.
Mr. MOllTON. We take a recess at half
past four o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent the Senate can go into executive ses-
sion and take a recess afterward: If there is
no objection it will be so ordered, as these
executive messages ought to be referred. The
Chair hears no objection. The question now
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am impressed with the
observations of my friend from Pennsylvania.
They are very just in themselves. But it so
happens that in my little State we have an
institution for the education and support of
soldiers' orphans, and according to what lam
told of the numbers in this Gettysburg asylum
we have more in our Vermont establishment,
supported by private contributions, among
whom I am a small contributor according to
my means, than they have in the Gettysburg
asylum.
Mr. SCOTT. May I ask the Senator from
Vermont is not that institution confined to
orphans of soldiers of Vermont?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not by any means. It
is confined to orphans, always giving prefer-
ence to the orphans of soldiers, and it is now
filled with the orphans of soldiers; and the peo-
ple of Vermont, and particularly those in the
yieinity of the town where it is located, cheer-
fully and gladly give their means to maintain
it and support it If the money of the United
States is to be paid to any of these institutions
it ought to be paid to all; and they are scat-
tered all over the country. Vermont is not
peculiar; Pennsylvania is not peculiar in this
respect. Let us give it to all fairly and equally.
I am told by my friend fiom Maine [Mr. Ham-
lin] that they have one in Maine. I have 110
doubt they have. 1 have 110 doubt they have
one in nearly every other State, as they ought
to have, and they ought to be aided and sup-
ported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. One in Indiana.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is one in Indiana,
the Chair reminds me.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. One in Illinois.
Mr. EDMUNDS. One in Illinois, and every-
where. Now, wherefore 
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator——
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will you hush for one
minute? [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont yield to the Senator from
Pennsylvania?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir. Now, where-
fore is the money of the United States to be
applied to the benefit of Pennsylvania orphans
and denied to those of all the rest of the
States? It is grossly unjust. I move that this
amendment be laid upon the table.
Mr. SCOTT. I appeal to the Senator to
withdraw that motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; you have had
your speech and I have had mine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Vermont does not withdraw the motion,
it is not debatable by the rules of the Senate.
The Senator from Vermont insists on the mo-
tion that the amendment d<J lie upon the
table.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 27, noes 25.
Mr. SCO LT. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am appealed to by sev-
eral Senators to allow my friend from Penn-
sylvania two speeches to my one, and he ought
certainly to have them, because he makes them
twice a3 well; and so I withdraw the motion
to lay on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the motion will be withdrawn, the
yeas and nays having been ordered upon it.
Mr. SCOTT. I only wished it withdrawn
for one purpose, to correct the statement of
my usually very accurate, although Sometimes
very abrupt friend, the Senator from Vermont.
He asked the question, shall we appropriate
this money to pay for maintaining the orphans
of the soldiers of Pennsylvania, while Vermont
maintains her own? He had not heard the
statement I made that in this institution there
are soldiers' orphans from Massachusetts,
Vermont, Connecticut, New York, New Jer-
sey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Vir-
ginia, and other States, amounting to sixteen.
Not one dollar has been given to this institu-
tion by the Government.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator allow me to
move an extension of the time for a recess for
five minutes?
Mr. SCOTT. I only want to occupy one
minute, and then we shall go into executive
session. The Vermont institution maintains
the Vermont orphans, the orphans of soldiers
and others. This institution maintains the
orphans of the soldiers of all the States in the
Union. I simply desired to make that correc-
tion.
Mr. COLE. I move that the time for the
recess be extended five minutes, to allow us
to finish the hill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. I under-
stand that we are now going into executive
session.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania is still pend-
ing, and the question is on agreeing to it.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of
half past four o'clock having arrived, the Sen-
ate will now proceed to the consideration of
executive business, and the reee3s will take
place at the close of the executive session.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business. After ten
minutes spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened; and the Senate took a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
EVENIXG SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2995) making appropriations to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the Government for the fiscal years
ending June 80, 1870, and June 30, 1871, and
for former years, and for other purposes,
reported it with amendments.
JACKSON, LANSING, AND SAGINAW RAILROAD.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Army appropriation
bill is before the Senate.
Mr. COLE. What is the pending question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. There is no
amendment pending; and if 110 further amend-
ment be offered 
Mr. NYE. I have an amendment that I
desire to olfer.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senator from
California to give way for ten seconds to allow
me to pass a bill which has been read, and it
is simply necessary to put the question on its
passage.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will not ask
it now. Senators all around are appealing to
me and making the same request.
Mr. CHANDLER. I only ask for ten sec-
onds, merely to take a vote on .the Jackson,
Lansing, and Saginaw railroad bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California yield for that purpose?
Mr. COLE. I cannot yield to one Senator
more than to another.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will simply state that
the bill has been read, and there is.no opposi-
tion to it. The Senator from Vermont, [.Mr.
Edmunds,] who renewed the amendment ori-
ginally offered by our present Presiding Officer,
has authorized me to withdraw that amend-
ment.
Mr. NYE. There is no shipping in it?
Mr. CHANDLER. No shipping, 110 landj
nothing, except simply changing the termini
of the road, and it will not take ten seconds to
Mr. TRUMBULL. No subsidy ?
Mr. CHANDLER. No subsidy for any-
thing. I simply ask that a vote may be taken
upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California yield to the Senator
from Michigan?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir. [Laughter,]
I ask that a vote may be taken on that bill.
Mr. COLE. I cannot consent to yield to
anybody, but a motion to pass over the pres-
ent order might induce* the Senate to do a
thing that I cannot do.
Mr. THURMAN. In order that we may
have twenty minutes to take a vote on two
or three bills, without a word of debate being
had, I move that the further consideration of
the appropriation bill be postponed for twenty
minutes.
Mr. COLE. I should lay myself open to
censure if I yielded to one Senator and did
not to another. There are a dozen Senators
