1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1*787
•who are making earnest appeals to me. If I
give way to one I must give way to all.
Mr. CHANDLER. I only ask ten seconds.'
Let the appropriation bill be laid over inform-
ally for that lime and the Jackson, Lansing,
and Saginaw railroad bill be taken up.
Mr. ANTHONY. My friend from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Cragix]—he will pardon me
)ui anticipating him—informed me that he
pioposed to introduce a resolution that we
bhould forego our recess some day of this
■week, and that then each committee should
have a certain length of time to present bills.
If he has that resolution ready, to offer I think
that, will answer the purpose.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let me pass my bill first.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will give way to the
Senator from New Hampshire to offer that
je.solution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Michigan asks that tire Army appro-
priation bill be laid aside informally, with a
view to proceed to the consideration of the
bill indicated by him.
Mr. DAVIS. I want to know what "the
bill indicated by him" is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a bill
relaiing to the Jackson, Lansing, and Saginaw
Railroad Company in the State of Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. It simply changes the
termini' of the road. It gives no land, no sub-
sidy, nothing. The bill has been read.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to it
myself.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that it be put
upon its passage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objec-
tion being made, the appropriation bill will be
temporarily laid aside tor that purpose.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 3035) to enable the Jackson, Lansing,
and Sagmaw Railroad Company to change the
northern terminus of its road from Traverse
bay to the strain of Mackinaw, and for other
purposes.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmonds] who renewed tbe amend-
ment proposed by the present Presiding Officer
to the bill has authorized me to withdraw it;
and llieiefo're I ask that the vote be taken on
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be considered as withdrawn, no
objection being interposed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood the Sen-
ator from Michigan to say 
Mr. CflANDLER. 1 wish to state to the
Senator from California that there are no set-
tlers upon these lands. I state that of my own
personal knowledge. It is a wilderness and
tjiere are no settlers there.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was about to call the
attention of thp Senator to that question.
Mr. CHANDLER. I beg pardon of the
Senator from California. I intended to state
that before. I ask that the bill be now put
upon i.ts passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ohio judicial districts.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, I ask my friend
from California to allow me to have a vote
taken on House bill No. 2920. I do not want
to say one word upon it, but merely to have a
vote upon the bill.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objec-
tion being interposed, the Senator from Ohio
asks the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is one of the judi-
cial district bills. I do not wish to repeat what
I have said to the Senate in regard to the cre-
ation of these judicial districts 
The PRESI DING OFFICER. These pro-
ceedings can only be continued by unanimous
consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I simply wish to say that
I shall be compelled to ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill. * I do not
believe there is a quorum here.
Mr. COLE. That is the thing that I was
afraid of, that we should be caught without a
quorum; and if the yeas and nays are to be
called upon the bill, I hope the Senator will
withhold it for awhile.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
laid aside informally, if the Senator from Ohio
desires.
Mr. THURMAN. I will ask that the bill
be taken up, and then I will allow it to pass
over informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
considered as before the Senate unless objec-
tion be made. The Chair hears no objection.
It will now be laid aside informally.
II. C. KEENE AND E. E. BKADBURY.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 813.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 313) authoriz-
ing the nomination and appointment to the
retired list of the Navy of certain volunteer
officers on the active list of the Navy, who are
disabled in consequence of wounds received
during the late war. It proposes to authorize
the President of the United States to nomin-
ate, and by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate to appoint, upon the retired
list of the Navy, with the rank of lieutenant,
Henry C. Keene, now a volunteer lieutenant
on the active list of the Navy, and to so .nom-
inate and appoint upon the retired list of the
Navy, with the rank of master, Edward E.
Bradbury, now a mate on the active list of the
Navy.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
JAMES BELGER.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent
to take up the bill (S. No. 1204) to authorize
the restoration of James Belger to the rank
of major and quartermaster in the Army. I
have been waiting for many days to get this
little bill up, and I hope the Senator from
California will now allow me to do it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to authorize the
President to restore James Belger to the rank
of major and quartermaster in the Army, to
date from the 30th day of November, 1863,
and he is declared entitled to, upon such res-
toration, all the rights, privileges, and emol-
uments pertaining to that rank, as though con-
tinuously in service, deducting from all pay
due him the amount he has received while
employed in the civil service subsequent to
the oOih of November, 18G3.
Mr. NYE. Let me inquire, does that bill
propose to give him pay for the time he has
been out of the service?
Mr. WILSON. It does, except for the time
that he has been in the civil service, as he has
been for some time.
Mr. NYE. I think that portion of the bill
had better be stricken out.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does this bill restore
him to the service, or authorize him to be
restored ?
Mr. WILSON. It authorizes the President
to restore him to his place.
Mr. HOWE. I should- like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, whether that bill would not actually
restore him to the service without a nomin-
ation by the President and confirmation by
the Senate?
Mr. WILSON. It authorizes the President
to restore him.
Mr. HOWE. I think it proposes that Con-
gress shall restore him to the service.
Mr. WILSON. Itis precisely whatis wanted
to restore him to the service. The President,
I have no doubt, will do it if we pass this bill.
If we do not, he cannot.
Mr. NYE. I think that portion of the bill
which provides for paying him for the time
that he has been oat of the service Ought to be
stricken out. As the bill now stands it would
pay him for the seven years that he has been
oat of the service. I move to strike out that
portion of the bill. I am willing that he shall
be put back into the service; but 1 do,not
believe in paying men who have rendered no
service whatever.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada, to strike out that portion of the bill
relating to pay while this person was not in
the service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Let the bill be read as it now
stands.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as amended,
as follows:
That the President he, and he is hereby, author-
ized to restore James Belger to the rank of major
and quartermaster in the Army, to date irom the 30th
day of November, 1863.
Mr. HOWE. It should be to date from the
present time. He should take rank from the
date of his new commission, whenever that is.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will not
oppose the bill. All that portion of it. relating
to pay has been stricken out. I think Major
Belger should be restored. I think it was a.
great stretch of power by which he was put oufc
of the service.
Mr. THURMAN. I gave way informally on
the supposition that there would be no debate
on this bill.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have a vote upon it.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill so
as to provide that his restoration shall date
from the day he shall be commissioned.
Mr. CRAGIN. I suggest to the Senator to
strike out the word "restore" and insert the
word "appoint." That will cover it.
Mr. COLE. I think this bill needs further
consideration. I think we had better go oil
with the regular order. Evidently this matter
should be considered.
Mr. THURMAN. The bill that I moved to
take up was passed over informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin moves to amend the bill so
that it will read:
That the President be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to restore James Belger to the rank of major
and quartermaster in the Army, to date from the day
of his restoration to said rank under this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered tobe engrossed for a third
reading, was read the tbird time, and passed.
ohio judicial districts.
Mr. THURMAN. I now ask the Senate to
resume the consideration of the bill which was
taken up on my motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will say to the Senator
that a quorum is not presentyet 
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, there is a quorum,
and I simply want a vote on that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The Senator
from Ohio moves that the Senate resume the
consideration of the bill which was informally
laid aside. It wilt be considered as before the
Senate, and will be read for the information
of the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the \V hole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 2920)
to divide the State of Ohio into three judicial
districts, and for other purposes.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. VICKERS. Iff understood the read-
ing of the bill it necessitates the appointment
of a judge, a marshal, and a cierk, thereby
