1871,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
"C   IbelieveAY is right. E andlknow
we will have to put on a large list of names to carry out
Governor Clayton's instructions. Bat I had rather
risk putting on five hundred names at A than ten
here.
'' B . Well; put one hundred on at A and two
hundred at [I S—.
"C . That will do.
"Ar.d "VV says they did it, and in full corrobo-
ration of the fact at A one hundred and at H 
S  two hundred names appear that no person
knows anything about."
Mr. ROGERS. Now, Mr. Speaker, I will
explain to the House how these bogus tickets
were to be made to correspond with the books.
The matter was something new to me at the
time, and I trust I shall never have occasion to
know anything again about such transactions.
The poll-book is made by the registrars, with
the names numbered. The sixth name we will
suppose is a bogus name, the name of a man
who does not live in the precinct at all. They
put down the name—Mr. Jones, if you please.
Mr. Jones does not come up to vote, because
there is no such resident citizen of the precinct,
and there can be no vote by him ; but, to have
the ballot correspond with the registration, to
fill up the entire number of names registered,
they simply put in a ticket which may be sup-
posed to have been voted by this man. In this
way these thirty votes were to be made out in
the precinct alluded to in that letter. This is
the method of proceeding actually adopted in a
country where we buast of our constitutional
and legal rights, where we claim to have a
reign ot law and order.
Now, it will be asked, perhaps, why did you
not enforce the act passed by the last Congress
for securing the rights of voters at elections?
I reply by stating that this act was only passed
at the last session of Congress, and was but
little known in a sparsely settled section like
ours; in the very nature of things it could not
have been very well known. Our people did
not understand its provisions. Nevertheless,
in some cases they went to work under that act.
When the registrars first went round certain
parties were rejected. This gave them time.
But the Governor wrote to the attorney gen-
eral lo ascertain his opinion in reference to the
construction and effect of that act. The attor-
ney general, who was liable to be removed by
the Governor at any time, gave his opinion
that the act did not affect white men at all;
that it had been passed in the interests of the
colored voters alone; and he said that if it did
go further and reach white men, then the regis-
tration would not be over until the revision
closed. And there was a difficulty. The re-
vision, as will be seen, did not close until the
day before the election. Hence time was not
allowed for the citizens of the State to avail
themselves of the provisions of that act.
Complaints came up fiom counties through-
out the State of irregularities in the registra-
tion, failure on the part of registrars to do
their duty. Hundreds of sworn complaints of
this character were sent up to the Governor.
Large numbers of citizens swore that they
were qualified.voters under the constitution
of the State, and demanded the right to be
registered that they might vote. Vi hat did the
Governor do? Why, sir, he said he must hear
both sides. He failed to hear both sides until
the election was over, if, indeed, he ever heard
more than one side. In this way the people
were denied the exercise of the lights which
lie was sworn to secure to them.
As many as two hundred sworn applications
or affidavits were presented to him from one
county, complainingof the perpetration of these
wrongs. The Governor turned upon his heel
and said that he could not undertake to control
his registrars, though in two or three counties
he had removed registrars and appointed others
for reasons which I will show before I get
through. I went in person to see him, when
I found that these wrongs were likely to be
perpetrated upon a portion of the people whom
I represented. He said to me that he had no
right to remove a registrar. Said I, " Gov-
ernor, you have removed registrars in three
counties, and how is it that jou now say you
have no right to remove registrars?" He
replied, "1 do not know but I did wrong
in doing what I did, and therefore I can do
nothing now."
Why did the Governor remove these regis-
trars ? The answer to this question will afford
another chapter in the history of this transac-
tion. In the county of Hempstead, a county
closely contested by the two political parties,
the men nominated on the Republican ticket
were adverse to Governor Clayton's claims for
United States Senator, and in favor of Mr.
McDonald, or somebody else. Mr. Clayton,
therefore, having fallen out with this portion
of his party, determined to defeat them at
all hazards. He appointed another registrar,
with instructions to go back to that county and
register the Democrats, if necessary, to beat
these " Brindle-tails," as they were called
there. The consequence was that the Demo-
cratic party carried their legislative ticket in
that county by a very respectable majority.
Thus, sir, this thing went on from county to
county until the election came on. Mr. Clay-
ton then finding himself all right, as a matter
of course felt that he had done his work well.
In another county the registration had gone
forward and the people were well satisfied with
it. There were three delegates from that
county—one senator and two representatives.
Mr. Clayton saw soon that he musthavethem.
In his calculation of the strength necessary
for him to have in that State he found that he
must have these three votes from that county.
In looking over the registration he found that
the county would go against him if the regis-
tration were allowed to stand. He therefore
removed the registrar, an honest man and a
resident of the county, and put in his place
another man, who was not a resident of the
county. This man threw over the entire regis-
tration, took the books and put down such
names as he supposed would vote all right.
He left instructions that no one else but those
whose names were upon the poll-books should
be allowed to cast their votes at that election.
That was done, and in that way a county
some three or four hundred against him was
carried in his interest. When men came up
to the polls on the day of election to cast their
votes they were prevented, and were told that
their names were not upon the poll-books and
therefore they would not be allowed to vote,
against which of course they protested. They
were not allowed to vote, and they made affi-
davits as provided by the enforcement act.
They again demanded the right to vote, but
they were still refused the exercise of the right
to vote. When we sought to arrest the judges
who refused to let these people vote, when we
sought to arrest them under the enforcement
act, he called out themilitiaof the State, which
was entirely under his control. He called out
the militia and overawed the officers of the law.
He released the men who were doing his work
and told them to go free. These things, sir,
cannot be denied.
1 have a dispatch, Mr. Speaker, from a gen-
tleman in reference to this matter, which I will
read; but before doing so will remark that
this gentleman is well known to the people of
south Arkansas, and his character for ability,
truth, and veracity will be indorsed by the
entire delegation in Congress from Arkansas.
This dispatch was sent to my commercial
house at Pine Bluff, Arkansas, my place of
residence, supposing I might have left for this
place. It was forwarded to and reached ine
at Memphis, and reads as follows:
Pkixceton, Arkaxsas, December 5,1ST0.
HasKoGERS gone? Militia of Union county resist
the entorcement act. Answer quickly.
MAT. L. JONES.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this is another chapterin
the history of recent events in Arkansas. But
I am not through. This man Clayton not only
attempted to carry the Legislature of his State,
for the purpose of placing himself in the Sen-
ate of the United States, but he attempted to
carry the whole delegation from that State to
this House of Representatives. How did he
do it? He absolutely went further than I have
shown in the remarks I have made. He was
so unscrupulous, so regardless of the party to
which he belongs and to which his allegiance
is due, that he threw his influence into the
hands of the opposition in order to beat the
pets of the "Brindle-tails." I am not gov-
erned by any party consideration in this matter,
but I feel it to be a sense of duty on my part
to call the attention of this House and the coun-
try to these monstrous wrongs.
While listening yesterday to the eloquent
remarks of my friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] touching the cruelty and barbarity of
Lopez, my mind turned to Arkansas, and I
asked myself whether there was not a voice in
the American Congress that coald be heard in
defense of American citizens at home as well
as of those abroad. I have said that this
militia was organized and called out without
authority of law. The constitution of the
State says that the Legislature shall authorize
the organization and calling out of the militia
in time of need. But, for his own purposes,
the Governor sends his lieutenants around
throughout the State, organizing the militia,
placing it on a more warlike footing, and
threatens the people with violence if they do
not bow dowu and lick the rod with which he
smites them. Sir, remembering his tyranny
and acts of oppression with the militia two
years before that, when he brought upon the
country a destructive element never known
before, destroying liberty, life, and property,
well might the people shudder and shrink from
such a state of things again.
•'Well, sir, why do your people submit to
it?" it may be asked by some gentlemen upon
this floor. I will tell you why we submit to it.
We submit to it because we still believe that
there is virtue enough in the country to see our
wrongs redressed rightfully and legally. We
submit to it from the further consideration that
there is a prejudice against the people of that
country, growing out of the recent war and out
of some little disturbances which may have
occurred there some two years ago. W hy, sir,
if they had resisted this militia, at once a howl
would have gone up all over the land that the
lawful authorities of the State of Arkansas had
been resisted by its citizens, the Presidentwould
have been called upon for troops to put down
this insurrection, and the people there would
have been placed in a very sorrowful position.
Now, I had not intended to bring in this
militia question of two years ago, but I will
allude to it here just for a moment. I intended
to have alluded to it at the time, but peace
had brooded over the country for awhile, and I
had supposed we should not have a recurrence
of these things again. I had been assured by
Governor Clayton, and by high officials in the
State of Arkansas that such a thing would not
occur again, and, for the sake ot peace and
quietude, I permitted the thing to go over.
But, sirs, let me give you a chapter in that
history for your reflection, and then ask your-
selves if you, too, would not be afraid of such
an armed force if you were placed in the same
circumstances. Why, in districts as peaceful
as the District of Columbia is to-day this mili-
tia was turned loose, wfUiout anything like a
military organization at all. They gathered up
property at their will, carried a good deal of it
to the town of Little Bock, the capital of the
State, took a portion of it, it may be, and ap-
propriated it for their own purposes. But when
they got to Little liock with this property what
did they do with it? They said they had taken
it from men in insurrection against the State.
Well, I state here, and state it knowingly, that
there never was resistance to the organized
authorities of Arkansas since the rebellion;
never, in any county, in arty district ot the
State was there armed resistance to the laws
of the State. But they seized this property
