1X76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
at that time to the thanks of the country; and
I know if hia name had come here, when the
circumstances had been , stated (as they were
in my own ease, I presume,, though I do not
know it) this body jvould not have hesitated
, one moment to relieve him of all political dis-
abilities.
Sir, while we are considering a ease of tbis
sort, js it of .no consequence ,to consider the
effect that. the rejection of this; distinguished
citizen might have upon, the feelings of the
people of Georgia? P&rdon me if I say that
if I exhibit any zeal or feeling on this subject
it is.very natural, because from my party asso-
ciations it might subject me in the minds of
some to the imputation of having been privy
to such a result. I am well aware that no
man who knows me would believe it; but I
should wish to stand right in the opinion of
all men. Whatever may be the effect in the
future upon cases that are to come hereafter,
I undertake to say, taking this gentleman's
history from the beginning, taking his stand-
ing as among the most eminent and distin-
guished medical men of the State, and distin-
guished for other attainments as he is in
science, and endeared to the people of Georgia
by his personal worth, they would think it an
act of great unkindness to them upon a mere
technicality to reject him, while members be-
longing to the other branch of Congress, by
the assent of this body, have been relieved as
it is now proposed to relieve him.
I cannot help believing that the time has
come when it will be wise not to be too harsh,
for we want such men as Dr. Miller in Geor-
gia and in other States; men to whom you can
point and say, no matter what their party affin-
ities are, that they have never been known to
give countenance to crime or lawlessness, and
upon whom society may rely as aiders and
sustainers of law and order at*all times. Were
his private history exceptionable I would not
stand up here and defend him, but would be
glad that he should be rejected if the State
had chosen a citizen that was unworthy of a
position here. Such is not the case. The
peer of any man in the State for intelligence
and character, the Legislature had no dispo-
sition, these Republican members of that Legis-
lature never meditated any assault upon the
country, any insult to the Senate of the United
States, when they cast their ballots for him. I
know such was not the feeling or wish of
Hon. Thomas Speer, member-elect from the
third congressional district of Georgia, who
promptly and distinctly voted for him and
rallied to his support Republican members
when he was elected. He did not vote for
me on that occasion, while he voted for Dr.
Miller; and I have never heard of Mr. Speer
being regarded as anything but an extreme
Radical, if I may be permitted to use that
expression. That is the way he is termed in
Georgia.
My only object, Mr. President, in rising was
to present these facts. It is said that there
are but seventeen days more of the session to
elapse.^ I believe there are about twenty;
but it is immaterial how many there are. I
do hope that this vexed question of Georgia
will be laid aside, that we shall hear no more
of it, and that in the future, as in the past—in
the better days of Georgia, when she was true
to the Union, which I believe she will be in
the future—we may welcome her here with her
representatives! 1 for one should dislike to
have the burden placed upon my shoulders
of representing the twelve hundred thousand
people ofthat State in this Chamber unassisted.
It may be, and it is, a proud position. I realize
it; I feel the importance of it; but I desire
that another, equally entitled to the position,
may be permitted to share its responsibilities.
Mr. KELLOGG. I observe that the hour
has about arrived for the consideration of the
special order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall go on
with this matter and finish it.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator from
Louisiana will allow the vote to be taken.
Mr.. KELLOGG. I cannot yield. I desire
to moye .to take up the bills which were made
the special order for half past four o'clock
to-day.,
Mr. THURMAN. I believe everybody is
ready to vote on this matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
finish this subject now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana is upon the floor.
Mr. KELLOGG. It is now half past four
o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. For what purpose
does the Senator from Louisiana rise ?
Mr. KELLOGG. I reluctantly desire to call
up Senate bill No. 683. I say reluctantly,
because I see two or three Senators on the
floor that I should like to accommodate.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us have half an hour
and see if we cannot get a vote.
Mr. KELLOGG. If I thought in half an
hour a vote could be obtained I should prob-
ably be persuaded to give way; but I am
admonished by several Senators on the right
and on the left that they intend to argue this
question at length. I am satisfied it will take
some time yet; indeed, longer than it probably
would if we now postponed its further consid-
eration to-day and took it up to-morrow. I
am satisfied it will take longer now. There is
a disposition to discuss it. I am therefore
compelled to ask for the SDecial order.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. Notwithstand-
ing the order of the Senate this morning, this
business, the joint resolution in relation to
the Senator-elect from Georgia, is still before
the Senate, unless it is displaced by a vote of
the Senate. If it shall be displaced by a vote
of the Senate, by postponement, then the order
of this morning will take effect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be
displaced, but that we shall stay here and
finish it. If the debate is to go on, let us stay
now and hear it. We can end it now quicker
than we can at any other time.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask for a vote On my
motion.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana is entitled to the floor, and
moves to postpone the pending business.
Mr. TRUMBULL, Does the Senator from
Louisiana make that motion ?
Mr. KELLOGG. I am compelled to make it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then 1 hope the Senate
will not postpone this joint resolution. We
had better finish it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on postponing the pendingjoint resolution.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 25, noes 31.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, inasmuch
I beg the Senator to allow me
Mr. COLE.
one moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
California will not interpose now. Let us dis-
pose of this question.
_ Mr. COLE. If the Senator from Nevada
yields to me, I should like to give notice that
to-morrow at one o'clock I shall feel it my
duty to move to proceed to the consideration
of the unfinished appropriation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to remind my friend
that there is a special order for to-morrow at
one o'clock.
Mr. COLE. I can think of no special order
of greater moment than the appropriation bills
at the present time.
Mr. SUMNER. The special order is the
consideration of reports from the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. COLE. The question which is up to-
day is rather of a privileged character, relating
to the representation of a State on this^Boor,
and therefore I do not make the motion now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I appeal to the Senator
from California not to discuss any other ques-
tion, but let us go on with the subject before
us and dispose of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada is entitled to the floor. The chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations has given
notice of his intention to call up to-morrow
' one of the appropriation bills.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr. Hill] has suggested
that his disabilities were improperly removed,
and I desire to submit a word of explanation
in connection with that matter.
I had charge of the subject of the removal
of disabilities at that time in the Committee
on the Judiciary. I had seen a letter written
by the Senator during the war, but still I had
heard that he was a Union man. Some friend,
I do not know who it was, but some friend of
his and of mine probably, suggested that he
was a Union man notwithstanding the letter
that I had seen, and that his disabilities ought
to be removed. I believed that he was under
disabilities, from the reading of that letter. I
had the letter read onee to the Senate when
this question was incidentally mentioned. I
find it here in the Globe.
Mr. CONKLING. What letter.
Mr. STEWART. A letter of Mr. Hili,
written at the time he was running for Gov-
ernor, or spoken of as a candidate for Gov-
ernor of Georgia. That letter created the
impression here that he was laboring under
disabilities. This was before any of these
matters connected with the election in Georgia
had occurred; before the senatorial election
in Georgia.^ I never had met Mr. HjLLat that
time, but it was suggested by some person
to me that his disabilities should be removed.
I knew of the disabilities under which he
labored by this letter. I have the letter before
me. I do not care to have it re-read ; but I
desire to say this much to justify the Senate
in its action.
Mr. CONKLING. What is it about ?
Mr. STEWART. I can have it read, if thai
is desired. The letter i3 a letter written by
Mr. Hill in 1863, at the time he was a can-
didate for Governor.
Mr. HILL. No; I beg your pardon. I never
was a candidate for Governor.
Mr. STEWART. Well, in connection with
the matter of running for Governor. It was a
letter to the people of Georgia written in 1863.
Mr. HILL. No.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it long.
Mr. STEWART. Not very.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the Senator
to send it up to the desk and have it read.
Mr. STEWART. Let the Clerk read the
passage that is marked.
Mr. HILL. One word, if you please.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator yield
to me for one moment?
Mr. HILL. He has yielded to me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to appeal to
the Senator from Georgia not to get up a per-
sonal discussion upon himself. The country
will understand his position, and he can take
some other time if he wishes to explain it.
The Senator from Nevada, I am sure, does not
wish to make any personal attack upon him.
Mr. STEWART. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us keep this case
clear of personal matters. That discussion
can be postponed to some other time.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada has yielded to the Senator from Geor-
gia, who is now upon the floor.
Mr. HILL. Only for the purpose o-f saying
that the Senator misapprehends me entirely.
I have made no complaint of the action of
the Senate. I have said it was very well, per-
haps, and very kind that my disabilities were
removed; that though I personally did not
believe I labored under any, the history of
I homas's case convinces me that a point might
nave been made upon it. That is what I said
and what 1 say yet. I said that I did not know
how my name ever came before Congress or
