1788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
February 28,
increasing the expenses of the Government.
I should like to know from the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee whether he considers
the passage of this bill essential to the adminis-
tration of justice in the Federal courts of Ohio.
Mr. COLE." If this bill is going to give rise
to any discussion I must insist on the regular
order.
Mr. STEWART. There will be no discus-
sion. The subject has already been discussed
three or four times.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr- TRUMBULL. I do not wish to obtrude
myself upon the Senate in regard to these bills
on every occasion that they come up. I took
occasion when the bill to divide the State of
Arkansas was before the Senate, a few days
ago, to express my views and state to the Sen-
ate the consequence of establishing these dis-
tricts. I have since looked over the bills that
are pending for the creation of new districts.
There are ten of them. I wish the Senate
■would hear me on this point. I have no in-
terest in these bills at' all any more than any
other Senator. It is a matter of no importance
tome; but it does concern the public interest.
There are ten bills now pending for the crea-
tion of additional circuits. This is one of them.
Mr. COLE. I must insist on the regular
order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate but one moment. I was
opposed to the creation of these judicial dis-
tricts for the reasons that [ gave the other day.
I observe by the reading of this bill—I have
not examined the details of it—that it pro-
vides for holding courts at three places in
Ohio, Marietta, Toledo, and Columbus. It
authorizes the marshal to procure suitable
places at the expense of the United States for
holding these courts, and it divides the State
of Ohio into three judicial districts. There
are now two districts in Ohio. I have received
souie letters from lawyers in Ohio stating that
there is no sort of necessity for the creation
of this district. I sent one of those letters to
the Senator from Ohio who has brought for-
ward this bill to-night. But if the fixed pur-
pose of the Senate is to create a new judicial
district whenever it is asked for in any locality,
■whether it be in Louisiana or California, in Ten-
nessee or Ohio, in Arkansas or Kentucky 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And Vermont.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And Vermont, as my
friend says ; and Illinois is moving for a third
district in that State ; New York is moving for
a fourth district in that State. As I have said,
there are ten of these bills pending, and they
•will all pass between now and Saturday if the
majority of the Senate are for them. I desire
the yeas and nays on the passage of this bill,
and if the Senate desire to pass it, let them
do so.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us have a vote.
Mr. COLE. I ask for the regular order.
The yeas and nays are called for on this bill,
and nobody knows now much more discussion
it will give rise to.
Mr. THURMAN. There will be no discus-
sion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from California desires it, the appropri-
ation bill will be resumed,
Mr. THURMAN. Let us take a vote. We
shall have no more debate about it.
Mr. COLE. The evening will soon begone.
Mr. THURMAN. There isnotto be a word
of debate. I forego everything of that sort.
Let us have the yeas and nays on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I demand
the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays are requested on the passage of the
bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLE. Am I entitled to have the
regular order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly,
if the Senator insists upon it.
Mr. COLJS- I asked for it, and did not
withdraw the demand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator to withdraw it.
Mr. COLE. I did not by any means.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Army
appropriation bill is before the Senate.
amendment to an appropriation bill.
Mi-. STOCKTON submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 3064) making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1872, and for other pur-
poses; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
army appropriation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R.'No. 2816) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30,1872, and for other purposes.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the amendment,
of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
It is to add the words " except as herein pro-
vided" to that amendment, so that the last
clause shall not nullify the first. That is all
I ask.
Mr. THAYER and Mr. MORTON. Let us
agree to that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If it is in
order, I move to ame;id the amendment by
inserting before the words proposed by the
Senator from Nevada the words "until the 1st
of January, 1876." That will leave it that the
United States will forego all of its privileges
for five years. I think that is long enough.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not be
insisted upon. That would be a declaration
right the other way. It would be a construc-
tion contrary to the decision of the committee
and everything else. I hope that will not be
pressed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I shall press
it if you press yours.
Mr. STEWART. I appeal to the Senator
to withdraw it. It is not right.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will not
withdraw it.
Mr. STEWART. Then we will take a vote
upon it. I hope the Senator's amendment will
be rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Nevada will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. STEWART. It does not change the
meaning at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it does. I think
it is an admission that the Judiciary Commit-
tee were wrong. It expressly admits that your
report changes the law.
Mr. STEWART. Well, I will withdraw it
and let it go.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada withdraws his amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I with-
draw mine.
Mr. McDONALD. I move to amend the
bill by adding the following as new sections:
Sec. —. That the sum of $500,000, or such part
thereof as may be required, is hereby appropriated
to pay loyal citizens ot the late insurrectionary States
all just claims for quartermaster and commissary
stores furnished for and used by tho Army of the
United States.
Sec. —. That the provisions of the act of July 4,
1864, entitled "An act to limit the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims," &c., are hereby extended to the
loyal citizens of Arkansas. Louisiana, Mississippi,
Alabama. Florida, South Carolina. North Carolina,
Georgia, Virginia, and Texas; and all laws or parts
of laws making a discrimination between loyal
claimants because of residence are hereby repealed.
Mr. COLE. I think the- Committee on
Appropriations have had no notice of any
such amendment as that. I see among my
papers here several amendments offered by
the Senator from Arkansas, but I do not
notice this one among them.
Mr. McDONALD. Notice was given of
this amendment several days ago. It has
been before the Committee on Appropriations
for several days. As the law now stands it
works a great hardship to very many deserv-
ing loyal men in the States named. They have
no rights at all before the Court of Claims or
the Departments here. We simply ask to put
them on an equal footing with the loyal men
of other States.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will not
insist upon it on this bill. He may have given
notice of the amendment on some other bill.
Mr. McDONALD. I gave notice of it on
this bill, and this is the proper place for it,
as I understand. I think it is high time that
something was done in this direction; that
our people should no longer be subjected to
this most unjust discrimination.
Mr. COLE. I move that the amendment
lie on the table.
Mr. McDONALD. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. WARNER. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WARNER. Is it in order to ask for a
division of the amendment? There are two
propositions contained in the amendment, and
I should like to vote upon them separately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to lie on the table applies to both.
Mr. McDONALD. I am entirely willing,
if it meets the approbation of the Senate, to
withdraw the first section and take the vote on
the last. I think it proper that our people
should be relieved from this discrimination.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
section of the amendment is withdrawn, and
the question now is on the remaining section.
Mr. COLE. The motion still remains. This
is pure legislation, making no appropriation
at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator move to lay it on the table?
Mr. COLE. I «ay the motion still remains.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the amendment be
reported as it now stands.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sf,c. —. That the provisions of the act of July 4,
1864, entitled "An act to limit the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims," &c., are hereby extended to the
loyal citizens of Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi,
Alabama, Florida, South Carolina, North Carolina,
Georgia, Virginia, and Texas; and all laws or parts
of laws making a discrimination between loyal claim-
ants because of residence are hereby repealed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California moves that this amend-
ment be laid upon the table, upon which ques-
tion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham. Cole, Cor-
bett, Hamilton of Texas, llamlin, Howard, Morrill
of Vermont, Osborn, Sherman, Stewart, Trumbull,
and Wilson—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Casserly, Davis, Fenton, Flanagan, Fowler. Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Harris, Hill, Johnston, Kellogg,
MeCreery, McDonald, Morton, Pomeroy, Pratt,
Ramsey-, Revels, Bice, Robertson, Scott, Spencer,
Thayer, Tkurman, Tipton, Vickers Warner, and
Wiiley—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Cattell, Chandler, Conkling, Crasin, Ed-
munds, Ferry, Gilbert, Harlan, Howe. Howell, Lewis,
Miller, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Patterson. Pool,
Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Sprague. Stearns,
Stockton, Sumner, Williams, and Yates—30.
So the motion was not agreed to.
-Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out the
last clause of the section as it stands.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be stricken out, as follows :
. And all laws or parts of laws making a discrim-
ination between loyal claimants because of residence
are hereby repealed.
Mr. McDONALD. I hope that will not be
done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
