1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1&8&
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, if any-
thing could,illustrate the danger of legislation
of this character at this hour of the session I
think this amendment does. The first clause
of the amendment extends the provisions of
theactof 1864, authorizingthe Court of Claims
to pass upon the claims of certain citizens, to
all the States declared to be in insurrection.
It extends the jurisdiction of that court to all
claims of loyal citizens arising in the States
of Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama,
Florida, South Carolina, North Carolina, Geor-
gia, Virginia, and Texas. The other clause of
the section, however, is much more sweeping:
And all laws or parts of laws making a discrimin-
ation between loyal claimants because of residence
are hereby repealed.
_ The result is to make the United States
liable for all damages and injuries done in
all these States when engaged in actual war,
■when the whole power of these States was
.arrayed against the Government of the Uni-
ted States, when that power was sufficient to
shake this Government to its foundation, when
all the power of the northern States com-
bined and confederated was required to put
down armed resistance in these insurrection-
ary States. This amendment authorizes people
in those Stales who were either indifferent,
idle, or old, women and children, to make
their claims for compensation for damages,
torts, wrongs, against the people of the United
States, in the same manner as if they lived in
the States that were using their power to put
down the rebellion. In other words, the peo-
ple of the loyal States, who had to assume all
the burden, blood, and horror of war, who
had to furnish the men and the money to put
down the rebellion, are to pay these claims;
and the very men who were there in the midst
of the rebellion, whose property contributed
to maintain the war, if they can prove their
loyalty by the kind of operation that we know
is sometimes brought up in such cases, are
to saddle on the United States all claims for
depredations, for property taken, and for
injuries done.
I appeal to Senators, in the name not merely
of the Treasury of the United States, but in
the name of the people of the United States,
already borne down by taxation, not to saddle
upon their shoulders a.ll the claims that will
grow out of this section. Why, sir, this sec-
tion repeals international law ; it repeals the
law of war; it repeals all law; it reverses the
decision of the Supreme Court; it declares
that there shall be no distinction at all between
those damages incident to war in those States
waging the war and those States that were
waging war against us. The amount of claims
that will be made against this Government
under this section will be so vast that I do not
now stop to contemplate it.
This is not to me a new topic. I appeal to
the gentlemen who have generally had charge
of these -claims. There is my friend from
Michigan,'[Mr. Howard,] and other Senators
who have examined this subject more thor-
oughly than I have. I appeal to them to bear
witness to the effect of this proposition. I ap-
peal to the Senators from the southern States
themselves, whether it is right and just now
to saddle upon the people of the United States
all the damages that were done by our Army
in those States during the war, when the whole
power of those States, including the property
of the loyal and disloyal, was arrayed against
the Government. Sir, we have gone a great
way already. We have loaded down our ap-
propriation bills to the very hull. I have a
statement here, and I do not know but that I
may as well refer to it on this amendment, as
the Senate have refused to lay it on the table,
showing what we have already done at this
session, and I appeal to Senators to listen to
these sober facts.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from
Ohio have the kindness to read that clause of
the act of 1864 referred to in the amendment?
I have not the book before me, and I will be
obliged to him if he will read it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will send the book to
the Senator. The amendment I offer does not
relate to the first clause of the amendment.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to call the at-
tention of the Senate to what has already been
done during this session. I supposed that the
motion to lay this amendment on the table
would carry as a matter of course, and that the
Senate would not now embark in this, the most
important project of legislation that has been
proposed for one or two years.
The Secretary of the Treasury submitted to
us his estimates of the expenditures of this
Government for the next fiscal year. The total
amount of the estimates was $309,639,319. The
amount of permanent appropriations, which
cannot be changed, is $161,895,167. making
the total estimate for appropriations $147,744,-
150. He stated that we might carry on the Gov-
ernment with $147,000,000, and then he thought
we might perhaps reduce it ten or twelve mil-
lions. Well, sir, we have already appropria-
ted 168,244,824; I speak of the action of the
House of Representatives. They have already
passed bills to that amount, and every bill has
been increased in the Senate. To that sum
must be added the deficiency bill, which is now
lying on the table, amounting to $10,677,525,
or an aggregate of $179,926,849. Deducting
from that the postal revenue, $21,467,315, and
the result of the bills that have already passed
the House of Representatives is to add to the
permanent appropriations $158,459,034. The
House of Representatives has already appro-
priated at this session $10,704,844 more than
was estimated by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. Sir, if we had repealed the income tax,
as was proposed in the Senate and carried
here, we should now be in the face of an im-
mediate deficit. But, sir, we have already
added to our expenditures at this session of
Congress by the appropriation bills that have
passed the House of Representatives this
enormous sum, and the Senate has added to
every single bill.
I appeal to Senators whether, in the face of
these facts and upon the back of them, we
should add by these two provisions of this
small amendment, as it is called, all this class
of appropriations designated by unknown num-
bers. No algebraic character can express the
amount. I appeal to the sober sense of Sen-
ators whether this provision ought to pass
without being examined by a committee. I
ask the Senator from Arkansas what commit-
tee reported this amendment?
Mr. McDONALD. No committee reported
it. It has been referred to the Committee on
Appropriations for the last week.
Mr. SHERMAN. No committee has re-
ported it, and it has been referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations! What have they
to do with it? Nothing whatever. They have
no jurisdiction over these claims. We have
organized a Committee on Claims, we have
organized a Committee on Finance, we have
organized a Committee on Military Affairs,
each of whom might properly examine these
claims; but none of those committees have
reported upon them; and now, blindly, with-
out knowing how many untold millions may
be involved in this appropriation, what addi-
tional taxes will be heaped upon our people,
what increase of debt will be made, by this
blind amendment, without the advice of a
single committee, in the last hours of the ses-
sion, within a day or two of the adjournment,
when-we have mountains of work before us,
we are called upon to consider this, the most
difficult question that can be presented to a
legislative body.
I appeal to Senators to pause. I appeal to
the honorable Senators who represent these
southern States. The time may come when
some provision may be made for loyal sufferers
in the southern States, the few who may be
classed as such. But, sir, that must be done
by a carefully-prepared measure; by a meas-
ure that has been carefully examined by a
committee of this body, and not by a blind
amendment that will at once wipe oat all dis-
tinction between loyal and disloyal, and enable
persons, who by perjury may prbve that they
were loyal citizens of the southern States, to
shoulder upon the Government all the losses
and burdens of the war. Sir, I am amazed
that this proposition should be seriously pro-
posed in this mode. I remonstrate against it
and utter my most urgent appeal against it.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President 
Mr. COLE. I wish the Senator would allow
me to make a point of order on this amend-
ment. I think it is not in order.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not care about tEe point
of order being made just now.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia has the right to make the point of order
without anybody's consent.
Mr. BLAIR. I believe I have the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Any Senator
has the right to raise a point of order in the
midst of a debate.
Mr. BLAIR. Well, sir, I appeal to gentle-
men. We have listened to a speech from the
other side of this question.
Mr. SHERMAN. There no sides about it.
Mr. BLAIR. I take it there are two sides
to this question, as there are to every other.
Mr. COLE. I would very gladly yield to
the Senator from Missouri if I could.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri is recognized, but the Senator
from California rises to a question of order.
He may state the question of order, while the
Senator from Missouri retains the floor.
Mr. COLE. The question of order is that
this amendment is not admissible under the
thirtieth rule of the Senate, not having been
reported from any committee, and not being
recommended by the head of any Department,
nor coming under any other of the provisions
of that rule.
Mr. SPENCER. I do not think that point
of order is well taken.
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator allow the por-
tion of the amendment that was moved to be
stricken out by the Senator from Ohio to be
read m the Senate 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. AstheChair
understands the amendment, it does not pro-
pose any appropriation.
Mr. HILL. I wish to say that there is not
a word about disloyal persons in it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As there is
no new item of appropriation in the amend-
ment, itbeingmere legislation, the Chair thinks
it is in order. The Senator from Missouri is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. McDONALD. Will not the Senator
from Missouri give way to me for a moment?
I simply wish the Senate to know what the act
is that I seek to have extended to the citizens
of the southern States. I do not ask what the
Senator from Ohio states ; I only want our
States placed on exactly the same footing with
other States. I send to the desk the act of
July 4,1864, which is referred to in the amend-
ment, and ask to have it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Arkansas calls for the reading of the act
of Congress referred to in the amendment. It
will be read if there be no objection interposed.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"An aet to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims and to provide for the payment of certain
demands for quartermasters' stores and subsistence
supplies furnished to the Army of the United
States.
"/?e it enaetedby the Senate and Jlou'te of Representa-
tives of the United States of Americam Congress assem-
bled, That the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims
shall not extend to or include any claim against the
United States growing out of the destruction or ap-
propriation of ordamag« to property by the Army
or is avy, or any part of the Army or Navy, engaged
in the suppression of the rebellion, from the com-
mencement to the close thereof.
"Sec. 2. And be it fwther enacted. That all claims
of loyal citizens, in Statesnot in rebellion, for quar-
termasters' stores actually furnished to the Army of
