1790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
the United States, and receipted for by the proper
officer receiving the same, or which may have been
-taken-by such officers without giving saeh receipt,
may be submitted, to the Quartermaster General of
the United States, accompanied with such proofs as
"each claimant can present of the facts in his case;
and it shall be the duty of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral to cause stich claim to be examined, and if con-
vinced thatit is just, and of theloyalty of the claim-
ant, and that the stores have been actually received
or taken for the use of and used by said Army, then
to report each case to the Third Auditor of the
Treasury with a recommendation lor settlement.^
" Sec. o. And be it further enacted. That all claims
of loyal citizens, in States not in rebellion, for sub-
sistence actually furnished to said Army, and re-
ceipted for by the proper officer receiving the same,
or which may have been taken by such officers with-
out giving such receipt, may. bo submitted to the
Commissary General of Subsistence, accompanied
with such proof as each claimant may have tooffer;
and it shall be the duty of the Commissary General
of Subsistence to cause each claim to be examined,
and it convinced that it is just,and of the loyalty of
the claimant, and that the stores have been actually
received or taken for the use of and used by said
Army, then to report each case for payment to the
Third Auditor of the Treasury with a recommenda-
tion lor settlement."
Mr. BLAI11. What act is that?
Mr. McDONALD. The act of July 4,1864.
Those provisions I propose to have extended
to the State of Arkansas and the other southern
States now prohibited from presenting claims
to the proper department.
Mr. COLE. Now, I make my point again.
Under this law it is clear that these claims will
be paid by the Court of Claims if they are
allowed bv the quartermaster's department.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
is of the opinion that under the thirtieth rule
this amendment does not propose a new item
of appropriation.
Mr. SHERMAN. It authorizes the payment
of these claims out of appropriations for sub-
sistence and transportation, and therefore it is
an appropriation.
Mr. COLE. It reenacts and extends an old
law.
Mr. BLAIR. It is a law already.
Mr. COLE. It extends it to other States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will point the Senate
to the fact that in the Army bill there is an
appropriation  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
must be aware that the Vice President, when
he occupied the chair the other night, decided
that there must be words making an appropri-
ation in order to have an amendment couie
within the rule. The Chair is informed by the
Chief Clerk that the Vice President so decided.
Does the Senator from California appeal from
the decision of the Chair? If no appeal is taken
the Senator from Missouri will proceed.
Mr. BLiAlR. I am as much surprised as
the Senator from Ohio can possibly be at the
opposition which has been exhibited to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ark-
ansas. I do not think I ever listened to such
extraordinary sentiments as we have just beard.
That any gentleman on this floor, at this time,
should insist upon making discriminations
between loyal citizens, residing in one or the
other part of the country, is most extraordin-
ary and indefensible.
Sir, if any discrimination should be made,
it should be made in favor of the loyal men of
the South. It was a much easier task to be a i
loyal man at the North than at the South dur-
ing the late rebellion. The loyal men at the
South were exposed to every possible peril
during the rebellion—the loss of their prop-
erty and the hazard of their lives; while
the loyal men at the North slept quietly and
profoundly in their beds, many of them. That,
gentlemen should express such sentiments and
make appeals to the Senate to discriminate
against those who had their property taken for
the use of ihe Army or destroyed by the Army,
which ought to have gone there to protect
them and not to injure them, is to me most
extraordinary. I am very glad that this vote
was taken on the yeas and nays. I want.to
see the manifestation of temper by those gen-
tlemen at the North who seek to continue pro-
scription at the South, not only of those who
commuted the error of going into the rebel-
lion, but even of those who clung to the coun-
try faithfully and were loyal, although sur-
rounded by peril, and although their loyalty
brought them into danger.
I can see no reason for, on the contrary I
can see a thousand reasons why there should
be no discrimination against the loyal men
of the South. If any one argues in this Cham-
ber in favor of paying the creditors of our Go'v-
ernment what those creditors loaned to the
Government during the hour of our peri!, in
favor of payiD^them back in the same coin or
in the same currency that they gave to us,
there is a cry raised upon that side that it is
repudiation. They insist that they shall be
paid a dollar for every thirty or forty cents that
they loaned the Government, and that dollar
in coin, with coin interest, although the loan
was in greenbacks, because those gentlemen
insist that these men loaned this money to the
Government in extremis, in its peril. But the
moment a claim is made in favor of a loyal man
at the South, no matter what his services were,
no matter what he had to undergo i'or the sake
of this Government, we are told that because
he was involved in dangeral the South he must
not now be regarded by his Government, that
his claim must be denied him, that he has
no equality before the courts of the country,
because, forsooth, some man by perjury may
prove himself to have been a loyal man. That
is not required in the instance of a northern
man whether loyal or disloyal.
1 say it is a most extraordinary exhibition
of the temper of these gentlemen, and I am
rejoiced that we have been able to get them
recorded upon the yeas and nays on this prop-
osition. 1 believe if any discrimination should
be made it ought to be made in favor of the
loyal men of the South. Their loyalty was of
a much truer metal than that exhibited by
many of those at the North who have the
largest claims against the Government.
Air. MORTON. Mr. President, I hope the
motion made by the Senator from Ohio will
not prevail. He proposes to strike out the
following words:
And all laws or parts of laws making discrimina-
tion between loyal claimants because of residence
are hereby repealed.
I never did justify the act of 18G4. I have
had occasion more than once upon this floor
to express my disapproval of it. It is, in my
judgment, an odious and unnecessary discrim-
ination. If there was any reason for it at the
time, that reason did not exist long; it has
long since passed away; and I think the loyal
men of the South have enough difficulties to-
encounter in the dangers to which they are
now subjected, the oppressions that are now
visited upon them, the troubles that they now
endure; all these things are great enough with-
out having a discrimination made against them
by the Government of the United States in this
way. As the law now stands, the loyal claim-
ant of the North has a remedy in the Court of
Claims that is denied to the loyal claimant in
the South whose claim is of the same charac-
ter precisely. If there is any reason or justice
in it I cannot see it, and 1 never did.
Mr. HILL.' Mr. President, I will call the
attention of the Seriate to the fact that in the
year 18G8, on the 28th day of July, this resolu-
tion was passed :
"Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, <bc... That the provisions of the act, of the 4th
of July. entitled 'An act to limit the jurisdic-
tion ot the Courtof Claims,' Ac., are hereby extended
to the loyal citizens of the State of Tennessee."
The Senate will perceive that in the amend-
ment before the Senate at this time the Stale
of Tennessee, a State which went into rebel-
lion, is not included. Loyal citizens of Ten-
nessee have the same advantages as citizens
of any of the loyal States. Not so with citizens
of the other States that went into rebellion.
Tennessee, I think, forms the sole exception.
Why should that be so ? Why discriminate in
favor of Tennessee ? As the law stands the
discrimination is made.
I happen to know that a citizen of the State
of Tennessee who established her loyally was
the owner of a plantation in the State of Mis-
sissippi, and prior to this joint resolution of
1866 she sought to recover payment from the
Government for about eight thousand bushels
of corn takeu by General Grant's army. Gen-
eral Grant was one of her witnesses to prove
the fact; she established .it fully. Had she
lived further north than the State of Tennessee,
had she lived in Missouri or Kentucky, she
would have recovered her claim.
Mr.'BLAIR. Or in Ohio.
Mr. HILL. Well, I will say in Ohio, or
Missouri, or any other State that had no con-
nection with the rebellion. But as it is, living
in the city of Memphis, her plantation being
in the State of Mississippi, perhaps twenty or
thirty miles south of Memphis, she was unable
to recover it. She had no right to go into the
Court of Claims to recover it until the passage
of this resolution in 1866. That gave her the
right.
Pray, sir, if a similar person lives in the
States of Mississippi or Alabama, and like cir-
cumstances surround him, should this loyal
citizen of Tennessee now have advantages over
the loyal citizen of Mississippi or of Louis-
iana, or any of these States? Wherefore?
Why shall that be done? What reason can
be offered for it except the one stated by the
Senator from Ohio, that there is danger of
depleting the Treasury by going too far? Why,
sir, if there is danger dojiot let us exercise an
invidious discrimination between the people
of Tennessee and the people of the other
revolted States.
Surely a Senator cannot offer a good reason
why that distinction should be made. If there
is any merit in a loyal claimant in Tennessee,
there is as much merit in a loyal claimant in
South Carolina or Georgia. These claims, I
undertake to say, are not so numerous and
will not extend to so many millions of dollars
as my friend from Ohio thinks. They cannot
be very large, because it is not contended
that, there was a very great number of per-
sons in the southern States who can establish
their loyalty in the Court of Claims.
Mr. STEWART. I have often suggested to
the Senators representing the southern States
that -it was a duty on their part, or of some
committee representing them, to take the sub-
ject in charge and devise a-system whereby
there should be an investigation to see who
were loyal men in the South and who were
not, because the South was situated differently
from the North. The means of obtaining
testimony in the two sections are so very
different that there should be a machinery
for ascertaining who were loyal men and who
were not. There should be a carefully-pre-
pared bill. I am in favor of doing what is
just in regard to it. Now, I would remind
them of another fact, and that is that the
So.uth is out of debt and the North is loaded
down with war debt.
Mr. BLAIR. Allow me to interrupt the
Senator there. The South is not out of debt.
Since the carpet bag governments have been
established there they have been run into debt
deeper, than the northern States.
Mr. STEWART. I do not yield to the
Senator. My statement is substantially cor-
rect. In the North every county, every town
is loaded with war debts and with debts in-
curred for bounties to soldiers. It is not, the
national debt that the people are groaning
under. That is but a bagaielle; it is the local
debts that grew out of this war that, aie so
oppressive on the people. In some cities lhey
rise to five or six per cent, per annum. This
accumulated local debt is so great that it is
almost impossible for some localities to stag-
ger under it. Localities that were specially
loyal gave large bounties and loaded them-
selves with debts. In the South, when the
