352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 1,
dead require articles of food, clothing, and
furniture etherealized by fire.
These objections, I am aware, are held very
lightly by some; bat there are other evils which
result from this practice which no one can
ignore". This system has a most deleterious
effect upon Chinese society.
It is the great cause of early betrothals on
the part of parents; a fruitful source of female
degradation, misgry, and infanticide. Further,
it is the cause of polygamy and all its attend-
ant evils. The Chinese cannot bear the thought
of having no posterity to provide the sacrifices,
and so they often have as many wives as they
can afford to maintain. Again, it supplies the
reason why Chinamen never emigrate as fami-
lies, only certain male members of the family,
in any instance, leaving their native places, and
, that only tempijrarily, with the purpose and
aim to return home as soon as they have
acquired a store of the foreigner's money.
Prayers are pasted both on the inside and
outside of barrels, which, being turned round,
the prayers are presented, as they suppose, to
their god. (Williamson, vol. 2, p. 111.)
I may add, without fear of successful contra-
diction, that, with some three or four exceptions,
the few hundred female Chinese on our shores
are of the lowest of the low and the vilest of the
vile in their own degraded country. Visit the
Chinese quarters of San Francisco for the proof
of this assertion.
The theories of these benevolent but imprac-
tical Chinese philosophers led to the establish-
ment of an unmitigated despotism, to an army
of effeminate, pedantic, and oppressive offi-
cials, and to a nation of abject slaves, in whose
minds became rooted the most anomalous of
superstitions, that of looking entirely to the
past instead of to the future.
In the reductio ad absurdum of the patri-
archal system the emperor was the common
father, and of every man's father or father's
father. He owns all the soil, all the real estate
in China, from which, as rent, he consents to
receive a tithe. Disobedience to him, or to
his mandate, or to those to whom he has in-
trusted it, is the greatest possible crime. Every
man is taught to act and think and feel as his
parents or progenitors do or have done before
him, and so to venerate his ancestry, their
remains and burial-places, that as they recede
from him he comes to worship them, if he
worships any thing at all; and his only hope in
the future is to lay his boues among them, to
be in turn revered by his posterity. That is
his future.
Some Jewish sectarians, taking that part of
the law of Moses which promises reward or
threatens punishment through the children or
children's children of his people, though dis-
believing in a future state, held that men might
be kept virtuous by that incentive. But even
these Hebrew sectarians looked forward ; only
the Chinese look backward. Experience shows,
however, that the more anomalous a belief the
more firmly it becomes planted. Still, though
this is the substratum of Chinese faith, there
remained in the minds of large portions of the
people some kind of religious aspirations un-
satisfied with this barren belief of their literati.
Hence the introduction from Hindostan and
the rapid spread of Buddhism, with all the de-
grading superstitions with which it had become
incrusted, besides other monstrous idolatries.
These the ruling classes tolerated through utter
infidelity; first permitted through indifference
and next encouraged through venality.
Thus the Chinese present the spectacle of
men eminently superstitious without religion;
all are imbued with the superstitious rever-
ence for ancestry amounting to worship. For
the various rites and ceremonies at the graves
of their ancestors 1 would refer gentlemen to
the woiks of Doolittle, Williamson, Davis, For-
tune, Goodiich, and others. Some Chinese, in
addition, entertain a belief in the tenets and
practices of one or more hideous heathenisms,
without any vivid faith, and far removed from
the fanaticism which impels the Hindoo Fakir
to keep his fists closed, as a pious observance,
for years, till the nails grow through the back
of his hands, and become, as it were, clenched
by carving.
As extremes meet, the "heathen Chinee"
is like "the noble old Roman," who, while
sticking to all of his own gods, admitted those
of every other people, and who, if he were
living to-day, in the plenitude of his power
and liberality, would doubtless install, in addi-
tion to every saint in his calendar, Mohammed,
Joe Smith, Old John Brown, and Henry Ward
Beecher, if the latter were unfortunately de-
ceased, as gods in his pantheon; that is, pro-
vided they did not interfere, as the first apostles
did, with his system of religion, so to speak,
and would follow their example in not inter-
fering with his political supremacy. The lat-
ter, 1 fear, they could not refrain from.
Already the joss-houses, with wooden and
other gods, or idols, occupy prominent places
on the Pacific coast, and are daily crowded
with their pagan votaries.
In a Christian country, in the nineteenth cen-
tury of the Christian era, where the Christian
religion has been fostered and cherished and
respected, must the shrines before which our
ancestors, our fathers and mothers, bowed and
worshiped the true God be overturned to give
place to the Chinese pagoda and the Chinese
idols? In the beginning of the period of the
crusades the voice of Peter the Hermit called
the bravest and best of Europe's Christian war-
riors to arms to protect from the Saracen the
revered places of Christ's teachings and the
sacred spot where Jesus had lain. Nov/ the
voice of Mammon calls to our shores untold
numbers of Chinese to desecrate the temples
of the Great Jehovah. Mammon imports them,
and none but the capitalists will be benefited,
benefited at the expense of the laboring men
of America, to the injury of their wives and
children, and who, in many cases, require all
the industry and economy they can command
to make their incomesand earnings supply the
actual wants of themselves and families. God
pity the poor man when he has to come in com-
petition with the cheap labor of the Chinaman !
What American laborer can support himself
and family on twenty cents, or even fifty cents
perday? Ourpeople are not rat-eating, snake-
eating, cat-eating, pup-eating, rice-eating laz-
zaroni. The names "American mechanic,"
"American artisan," "American laborer,"
"American workingman," have been made
honorable, and their possessors will be immor-
tal in history by meritorious conduct, by indus-
try and intelligence. They look through nature
up to nature's God, and feel themselves men.
They draw their lessons from the divine pre-
cepts, and know that they have as large an in-
terest in the great hereafter as the richest man
in the country. Feeling and knowing this,
they act like men, and are fully up to the stand-
ard of manhood among the most intelligent.
When I use the word "American" I do not mean
simply men horn here, but the workingmen
who have their homes here, whose hopes of
the present cluster around those homes, and
whose industry makes our land great and pros-
perous. I mean such men as these, in contra-
distinction to the miserable coolies who are
imported here to take their places; because
these coolies will work almost for nothing, and
can live on almost nothing; those Chinese,
who are brought here by such men as Samp-
son, of Massachusetts, by such mammoth cor-
porations as the Central Pacific railroad, to
steal the bread out of the mouths of poor men
and their families of this country. Will Mr.
Sampson sell boots or shoes any cheaper than
he did before he brought the Chinese into his
work-shops? Not a cent. Will the railroads
charge loss fare because the work of construc-
tion was done by coolies and at a cheaper
rate? Not any. Will iron cost the consumer
any less than before they turned off their old
hands and supplied their places with what they
call "cheap labor?" No, sir. Will woolen
and cotton fabrics be cheaper when manu-
factured by Chinese labor than now? None
whatever. Who, then, is benefited? The capi-
talist alone. The whole object of our legis-
lation for the last ten years seems to be to
make the rich man richer and the poor man
poorer. We have an enormous tariff for the
benefit of the rich man, but where is the act
of Congress protecting the workingman?
Look at the following as a slight example in
regard to the tariff alone. Behold the compari-
son between the tariff on twelve articles used
almost exclusively by the rich and the same
number used mainly by the poor. The rich
man's tariff: gold and silver chains, 25 per
cent.; diamonds, 25 ; mahogany wood, free;
jewelry, 25; laces, 35; pearls, free; rubies,
10 : gold rings, 25 ; corals> free ; cameos, 10 ;
011 paintings, 10; marble statuary, 10 per cent.
The poor man's tariff: salt, 155 per cent.;
cutlery, 50; shoes, 35; iron nails, 50; coal,
30 ; spades and shovels, 45 ; blankets, 50 to 75 ;
sole leather, 45 ; glass ware, 40 ; clothing, 60 to
65 ; flannels, 50 to 35; iron fabrics, 55 to 05
per cent. Here are the rates of tariff imposed
by Congress on twenty-four leading articles,
twelve of each class. If the rich have not the
best of the tariff, then figures lie. Here is an
average rate on twelve articles for the rich of
fourteen and three quarters per cent., and on
a like number for the poor sixty-one and over
seven tenths. But it is not in the tariff alone ;
it is in all kinds of legislation. The Republican
party is responsible for this difference, and it is
also responsible for the importation of Chinese
laborers ; for that party has the power in this
Congress and in the present Administration to
prohibit it.
Several hundred Chinese are brought from
the crowded, filthy, and narrow alleys of their
rat-breeding and rat-catching homes to work
in a large boot and shoe manufactory. Forth-
with hired writers and penny-a-liners, who
perhaps never saw the shops at North Adams,
have been flooding the public journals with
the praises of the Chinese. Their almond-
shaped eyes are admired ; their cues become
thernso much; .they are so gentle. Thebunks,
or shanties constructed to accommodate these
celestial shoemakers as sleeping apartments
are sketched and published in the illustrated
papers, and are enlarged upon and eulogized,
doubtless for the double purpose of excusing
the atrocious crime of resuscitating the slave
trade, (for this importation of coolies is only
that,) and to gild and color those sepulchers
of white men's rights and liberties known
as the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments.
The sailing of the Mayflower for the first cargo
of Africans, just after she had landed the
Pilgrims on Plymouth Rock, was no greater
crime, no greater wrong, than the importation
of Chinese laborers. Ah, but, say the Tribune
and other philanthropic journals, Mr. Sampson
proposes to pay them, &c., and then by the
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments they can
marry the daughters of our land, if they desire
to ; a thing which Africans could not do in
scarcely any of the States until George Thomp-
son, Phillips, Garrison, Sumner, et id omne
genus, by great perseverance and a disruption
of the country, brought it about. But wliat
becomes of the laborers turned out by Mr.
Sampson?, He is not bound to take care of or
provide for any of them in sickness and old
age, nor for the coolies, as all the statutes of
all the slaveholding States, even Massachu-
setts, provided for negro laborers.
Recorded history seems to show that every
progressive and successful race or people were
so only as long as they moved westward;
while when they pushed their fortunes east-
ward the adventure was soon terminated in
retrogression and decay. We, the last and
most advanced wave of that human tide which
has been flowing for ages toward the setting
sun, having reached, with solid settlement,
the shores of the Pacific, and, so to say, the
