1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•war closed, the confederate debt was repudi-
ated, and all matters growing out of it were
prohibited by a constitutional amendment, I
think to the satisfaction of the southern peo-
ple.
A bankrupt law was passed and their indi-
vidual debts were wiped out, and the South
now is comparatively out of debt. It is true
there may have been extravagance in one or
two of the local governments since then ; but
the great debt under which the North labors
does not rest upon the southern country; and
when you propose to accumulate this debt, to
tax the loyal people of the North still further,
while individual northern men in the loyal
States have paid heavy taxes all the time and
the southern loyalists have paid none, how will
you make it entirely even by making up their
josses? Then they should pay taxes. You
■cannot expect to equalize the burdens of the
war entirely. That is out of the question.
Mr. ABBOT I'. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Nevada yield?
Mr. S'IEWARL\ 1 do not yield, because I
only want a moment myself. Now, I wish to
call attention to one portion of this amend-
ment particularly. It says "'all laws or parts
•of laws making a discrimination between loyal
■claimants because of residence are hereby
repealed." Does anybody know exactly how
far that will go ? It abrogates all laws making
a. distinction on account of locality. Will it
not abolish the law that we are not compelled
to pay for property destroyed iu an enemy
•country?
It may have been necessary, in passing
through the country, to take possession of
property. We did it in the loyal States under
certain circumstances. Where it was possible
to do it deliberately, and it was not done un-
der the necessities of war, we paid for it; but
where the exigencies of war required destruc-
tion no nation even has ever attempted to pay
for property. Will not this proposition involve
all that question and abrogate all laws making
a distinction on account of residence? Now,
suppose France should attempt to pay her peo-
ple all that they have suffered by way of dam-
ages in the late war between France and Ger-
many, could France undertake to pay millions
and hundreds of millions of dollars of damages
for property necessarily destroyed by the French
themselves in prosecuting the war? Look at
the magnificent groves and the villages around
Paris that were destroyed. If the attempt were
to be made to saddle such payments upon the
French people it would be a greater burden
than the war itself. No nation could stand it.
I do not know but that this amendment could
reach to the extent of authorizing a claim of
that kind; but this general language repealing
all laws making a distinction on account of
localiiy uses very dangerous words, particularly
wiien in the nature of things there is a distinc-
tion in all wars as to locality. That property
which is entirely in an enemy country must
suffer more than that which is not, and the
rules of compensation are altogether different.
This is launching at once on an appropriation
bill; it seems to me in a wide field. As I said
before, notwithstanding the additional burdens
that the North is laboring under on account of
its loyalty to this Union, on account of the
division of their property, that it has forced
upon its citizens by this enormous load of tax-
ation, notwithstanding all that, and although
the loyal people ot the South have been ex-
empt from taxation, and your revenue laws ean-
not be executed at the South now—and we get
very little revenue from the South : notwith-
standing all these things, 1 have often said that
a properly adjusted bill to investigate the claims
of iojal men and do justice before a tribunal
whereby the loyalty of each man could be
tested would receive my support. I do protest
against involving the Treasury by a vague law
like this, that no man can tell whereitwill stop,
no man can tell how much it will involve the
country, no man can tell how ranch injustice
will be wrought under this law. I object, I say,
to this hasty mode of legislation when there has
been plenty of time, and when there is plenty
of time in the future, to prepare a bill which
shall provide the necessary 'safeguards, and
when we can treat these questions in a serious
manner and not in this hurried way. It is too
grave a subject to be disposed of on an appro-
priation bill at this late hour of the session.
"Mr. SAWYER. I do not wish to prolong
this debate. I am quite well aware what the
doctrine of the lawyers of the Senate is on this
point. It is that all the damages which were
done in the South during the war, no matter
to whom done, were done to alien enemies;
that the property was in enemy territory and
was enemy property; and no matter though a
man might have sacrificed ninety-nine per
cent, of his fortune on account of his loyalty,
nevertheless, now that the protecting arm of
the United States is spread over him, he shall
have no recompense whatever for what the
United States Government may have itself
taken from him.
Mr. President, this doctrine may be public
law, but it is not the doctrine which the Amer-
ican people of the North taught while the war
was flagrant; it is not the doctrine which
would have kept a man loyal in the South
if it had been then proclaimed. Sir, such law
is odious. It outrages every sentiment of
humanity, every sentiment of patriotism, every
sentiment of common justice and honesty.
You may say that this will Lake millions
from the Treasury. Better that it take a thou-
sand millions thau that this nation, which has
lived through and come triumphant out of
the trials of the last ten years, should have
npon its front the brand which would be placed
thereby a refusal to recognize the just claims
of loyal citizens of the South. Better that the
Treasury should be plundered of a thousand
millions, I say, than that this disgrace should
attach to the loyal people ofthe United States.
No, sir, had this doctrine been proclaimed in
1862 and 1863 Tennessee would have had no
loyal citizen in her borders, Georgia would
have had no loyal citizen within her limits;
every man, woman, and child in the entire
South would have been, a rebel from the neces-
sity ofthe case. You may refine upon it as you
please; you may talk about " enemy territory "
and " enemy property you may assert never
so loudly your rights over the property of pub-
lic enemies ; but the American people under-
stand that there were a body of men in the
South during the late rebellion who were
loyal and who suffered as men did notsufferin
•the loyal States, who suffered as it was impos-
sible for men to suffer in the loyal States, and
suffered on account of their loyalty. You can-
not wipe out that fact from the memory and the
knowledge ofthe American people.^
Mr. President, the Senator from Nevadahas
told us about the debts of the northern cities
and town and counties and States. He says
it is not under the national debt that the peo-
ple groan, but it is under the local debts. Ac-
knowledge all that; admit that every town in
Wisconsin or Ohio or New England has a debt
which it has incurred in aid ofthe loyal cause
in tfiis country ; admit that their taxes are
more'than they can well pay; that is not the
question here. The question is whether you
will pay to loyal citizens, who remained loyal
under adverse circumstances, in the same
measure that you pay to loyal citizens who
simply followed the current, and could do uo
otherwise. Well do I rememberwheu, in 1861,
the guns of South Carolina were turned upon
Fort Sumter, how the whole North rose as one
man, with none bold enough to stem the pop-
ular current. It was easy then to be loyal;
nay, it was dangerous and difficult to be dis-
loyal ; and many a man whose heart had been
with the South in her doctrines of State rights
was afraid to say that he had one partiele of
svmpathy with her in pursuing those doctrines
to their logical conclusion ; and now, forsooth,
having been loyal from very foar, comes here
and boasts of his loyalty, and vesjats paying the
just claims of loyal citizens of the South,
because, he says, they are public enemies.
Mr. President, I would not piy one dollar
to a man who was an enemy ; but 1 would pay
those noble men who stood up in the dark
hours of the rebellion for the old flag and the
integrity of the Uuicm just as fully, and on
exactly the-same principles as I would pay
the man who lived iu Boston or in New York.
Sir, there were thousands of men, even in -the
State which 1 represent, small as the number
of loyal men there was, whose loyalty shines
as bright as-the sun in heaven when com-
pared with the loyalty of the dominont major-
ity in the city of New York. You ask no
questions of the citizen of New York whoeomes
and asks you to pay for quartermasters' stores ;
but when a loyal man comes from Carolina or
from Florida you shut him out of your courts ;
you forget his sacrifices and his losses, and
ireat him as a stranger and a foe, and as having
no rights you are bound to respect.
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator from South
Carolina allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask him if there is any sin-
gle official act of this Government during the
late war which treats the South as a foreign
country or as an alien country?
Mr. SAWYER. I think not.
Mr. BLAIR. Not one that treated people
there as alien enemies. Every official act of
this Government recognized the people of the
South as a partof our Government throughout
the war.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, the very law that he seeks to repeal declares
them alien enemies in effect, and the Supreme
Court in the prize cases expressly declared so,
and they were so treated throughout the war.
Mr. BLAIR. Those who took up arms
simply, not the loyal men.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; all those within ter-
ritorial limits-declared to be in insurrection,
defined by act of Congress.
Mr. BLAIR. I recollect the resolution which
was passed uuanimously almost, with one
single exception, by Congress after the war
commenced, in which it was declared that the
ourpose of the war was a restoration oi the
Union and not for subjugation ; and the acts
of Congress all looked in that direction.
Mr. SAWYER. I must decline further in-
terruption, and I will conclude in a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to appeal to the
Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER. One word ; I must be
absent from the Chamber in five minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to put a question.
Mr. SAWYER. I have no doubt the Sen-
ator from Vermont dislikes to hear this speech
through.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no.
Mr. SAWYER. Because the Senator from
Vermont has been one of the foremost and most
able advocates on this floor of the doctrine
that a man who resided, although under com-
pulsion, within the border ot the late so-called
confederate States was an enemy of the Uni-
ted States and to be so treated.
Mr. President, the whole current of the legis-
lation of this country during ihe war recognized
the fact that there were people in the South
who were loyal and who were friends of the
Government; and Mr. Lincoln went so far in
one proclaxation as to say that when one
tenth of the people voting in any southern
State came forward and organized a loyal State
government such government should be recog-
nized as that of the State. When you thus
proposed to recognize one tenth of the people
voting as a State, did you regard that tenth as
your enemies ? Mr. President, this doctrino
is monstrous. I am no adept in public law ;
I know very little about the doctrines of public
law; but 1 submit that the doctrines of com-
