354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
eminently docile, obedient to their masters,
versatile, industrious, and imitative. I may
add, some are cleanly when they have an op-
portunity. Their minds and perceptive facul-
ties are acute and active within a given but
very limited sphere. Mentally, they are a
strange mixture of astuteness and simplicity,
of perception aud imitativeness, but they lack
originative powers, which reminds one of the
monkey compared to man; the monkey, as
cunning as the fox, but who is trapped by a
hole in the cocoanut into which he thrusts his
hand to grab the bait, without having the sense
to open his fist when he finds he cannot with-
draw it, and who, simulating all the actions of
man, will warm himself by a fire, but has not
intelligence to keep it up by placing fuel on
the embers.
Of the Chinaman's vices, sinners as we all
are, it would behoove us to speak with charity
if he remained in that far-distant home, from
which, no doubt providentially, for many cen-
turies his inveterate prejudices rigorously for-
bade his egress and our access to him. The
enterprise of our race has, however, broken
down those barriers ; and from an inaccessible
antipode of the Caucasian he has become an
intrusive neighbor.
Constituted as we are, and descended from
the most adventurous portion of the popula-
tions of Europe, while I believe we inherit
more than an average share of their respect-
ively highest qualities, we are found to have
a considerable portion of the evil by which
they are leavened. This evil we cannot afford
to heighten by admixture with the hideous
vices of these Asiatics; and hence we must
consider those vices. While I must briefly re-
view them from our stand-point, and as they
may affect us, 1 am willing to admit that, as a
matter of moral abstraction, perhaps great
allowances ought to be made, which we are
not able to make, for a people whose charac-
teristics are sometimes to us so seemingly con-
tradictory, whose antecedents and circum-
stances are so diverse from ours, and whose
feelings and frame of mind seem as different
from our own as the natural productions of
Australia from those of the rest of the world ;
Australia, where the proverbial white swans
are black, where the crow is white, where
mammalia have duck's bills, and where the
stones of fruit grow outside instead of inside
the pulp.
The Chinaman, more filially pious than the
iEneas of Virgil, is cruel to his ofl'spring. He
sells his daughters to prostitution. He pledges
or he sells his daughters, wife, and children, if
pressed by his necessity; and will do so even
for a passage to California; though he would
shudder with horror at the idea that, in the
event of his death in that El Dorado, his
bones should not be returned to rest in the
paternal burying-place. Infanticide, even by
the cruel process of leaving babes exposed or
floating them down rivers to perish, is widely
prevalent. In some of the districts of China,
particularly in Shan-tung, as in Mantchooria,
instead of taking the life of the female infant
they unsex it. if it survives the operation, as
is generally the case, it is raised to labor at any
kind of menial employment among the men,
and far better were it for this poor creature
that its parents had taken its life at once. For
this last statement I give the authority of Rev.
Dr. Williamson, in chapter nineteen, volume
one, of his work, before cited. If there be any
law to punish these crimes, custom prevents
even interference. Nay, more, there exist even
public places, walled areas, set apart by design
forthe barbarousand unnatural deposit of those
infants, wherein they may perish.
Docility and obedience to law on the part
of the Chinese are the result of cowardice.
Mild, enduring, and unoffending as he appears,
remove the restraints of fear and he rebels.
He violates all law and becomes diabolically
and wantonly cruel and destructive. Sea the
recent massacres in Peru as evidence. Of all
natural or acquired sense of truth or honesty
he is entirely divested. He is instinctively a
liar and a thief. Rev. Dr. Williamson says, on
page 7, volume one of Journeys, &c., in speak-
ing of the Chinese:
"A low, mean spirit has crept into the homes even
of the higher classes; squalor and tilth are often
barely concealed beneath the grand silks and em:
broidered dresses of the wealthy" *■ *
"and worst of all, there is no truth in the country.
Falsehood and chicanery are their hopes and their
weapons. Scheming has been reduced to a science;
deceit and lying placed upon the pedestal of ability
and cleverness."
It would have been interesting had the learned
divine informed his readers the precise period,
or thereabout, when that low, mean spirit crept
into a Chinaman. It was long ere the devils
crept into the swine on the shores of Galilee.
I believe it to be an inherent trait of character,
and that he could live longer without food than
without lying or cheating. That is my opinion
of the " heathen Chinee."
The emperor keeps all manner of wild beasts
in what might be termed zoological gardens
near his palace. The ancient emperors, it is
said, used to hunt the lion. Not content with
deceiving the "barbarians," he deceives his
own people in this way: when the emperor
wishes to appear in the rSle of Nimrod he
causes the keepers to drug the game before-
hand, so that it is completely stupefied. Here
is another instance of the hypocrisy of the
Chinese : "The emperor has killed a lion with
his own hand!" the whole country cries; but
it was half dead ere he leveled his piece. (Dr.
Williamson, vol. 2, p. 102.)
It is said that it requires a Yankee to get the
better of a Jew, a Greek to get the better of a
Yankee, a Russian to cheat a Greek; but that
a Chinese can cheat and excoriate ail four of
them. We have among ourselves many who
are untruthful and dishonest; but the Chinese,
whatever his station or acquirements, prefers
falsehood where truth would answer the same
purpose, and fraud to honesty; has no sense
of shame in the perpetration of either, and
exults in their success.
He may be faithful as a merchant in his
contracts, and also as a workingman to his
agreement to labor ; but this is the result of
coercive interests or liabilities. Almost uni-
versally he is a gambler; he is a polygamist;
he dissipates by opium-smoking; and from
high to low he indulges in the most bestial
immorality; he is litigious; versed by natural
aptitude and practice in chicanery, and prone
to and fitted for every kind of craft and intrigue.
The most astute and casuistic of our lawyers
is no match in quirks and quibbles for even a
comparatively illiterate Chinese; and in the
subtleties of argument with the literati and
officials, western diplomatists and politicians
are almost like clay in the potter's hands. Sir
Frederick Bruce, late English minister here,
said that Chinese diplomats were among the
shrewdest men he ever met.
Though cultivated to the extreme in oriental
politeness and subservience, the Chinaman's
treatment of woman is most barbarous. She
is not a help-mate as where monogamy is prac-
ticed ; nor is she treated by him as where polyg-
amy elsewhere prevails. If only cherished as
an ephemeral toy, yet there she is exempted
from the toil of under-occupations even in the
humbler walks of life; but she is made as thor-
oughly his drudge as the squaw of the savage
Indian. He seems divested, more than any
other race which had ever attained any partial
degree even of civilization, of all sense of the
beautiful. In art, in literature, in eveiything,
he seems to admire only the grotesque, the dis-
proportioned, the hideous. When he attempts
to be profound he is childish; when he tries
to be solemn and impressive he is ludicrous.
This is in strange contrast with Greece and
Rome even when paganism prevailed there.
Their sculptors have left embodied in stone
shapes and forms of the most perfect sym-
metry. Their idols were noble as works of art
and as expressing the conceptions or attributes
of the particular deity. The antique head of
Jupiter at the Vatican, that grand, noble, ma-
jestic human countenance, is only to be seen
to be admired. Emerson truthfully says:
"Sot from a vain or shallow thought
His awful Jove young Fliidias wrought;
Never from lips of cunning fell
The thrilling Delphic oracle."
The boasted Chinese armies are as cowardly
before and during a fight as they are cruel after-
ward. Vast numbers of them have been scat-
tered, over and over again, by forces incredibly
disproportionate in numbers, belonging to a
more warlike race.
Mr. Ward, the American, who, after being
made a first-class mandarin and commander
of the Chinese armies, was killed, once cap-
tured a vast city of many thousands of men from
its military garrison with only seventy foreign-
ers and seven hundred Malays to follow him
after an entrance was effected. His own career
and the modern history of China teem with
many such adventures. Yet these cowardly
Chinese, like many other Asiatics usually do,
meet even a painful death with comparative
composure, and without venturing to impugn,
or seeking to evade the mandate by which they
perish.
Stranger, and to us more inexplicable still,
men of this craven race, infanticides and sellers
of their own offspring, are known to have been
found, and can always be procured in large
cities, who are willing for a pecuniary consid-
eration to suffer death by public execution.
This has happened when the irresistible de-
mand of foreigners has required such in expi-
ation of some sanguinary outrage, or when,
for other reasons, it became necessary while
the officials were desirous of saving the real
criminal. The key to this self-sacrifice, which
an elevated motive would make sublime, can-
not, of course, be found in the greed of gain,
which would become useless with the termin-
ation of existence, but only in the peculiar
ideas and superstitions which permeate this
people and this breed. In no part of the earth,
with all the shocking pictures it presents of
human inequality and human misery, does so
many toil and suffer to provide the luxuries
for and satisfy the appetites of the few.
Again, so barbarous are the laws that in many
eases the whole family of the culprit suffers
with him for his crime without distinction of
age or sex; and women are slowly cut up,
piecemeal, with knives, for the transgression
of father, brother, or husband. The cruel
modes of punishment and torture practiced
rival in hellish ingenuity those of the dark
ages and of the horrors attributed to the Span-
ish inquisition.
After Governor Lin, the imperial com-
missioner, had been captured at Canton and
dragged from his hiding-place in the palace,
into which he had abjectly crawled instead of
facing his enemy, he narrated with self-com-
placency to his British captors that in the
course of three years preceding he had put to
death by the hands of the executioner eighty
thousand human beings. Yet this paternal
Government, these multitudinous laws framed
by sages, this minute organization, this bureau-
cracy, and these terrible severities have failed
to give peace to the Chinese empire. Ages
before the last conquest by the Tartars, as well
as since, that empire has been in a state of
chronic anarchy and disturbance.
It i_s said l}y some, I am aware, "Admitting
all this, let it be the mission of the Caucasian
and of the Christian to educate, cultivate, and
elevate by intercourse and familiarity with our
own institutions and civilization this people,
so much- more promising intellectually than
are many whom we are attempting to upraise;
a people which has made so much progress in
the useful arts, and whose vices will doubtless
disappear with the enjoyment of freedom and
equal rights in a free country and before the
purifying agency of a true religion." This
scheme, this proposition, however well it may
