1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1181
it operated as a fraud upon the Senate; and I
repeat that the proceedings show it. The
only speech that was made was what the Sen-
ator from Illinois said from his seat, without
getting out of it: "Mr. President, that bill
ought to pass;" and the bill was read. Itis a
short bill, and it was read in less time than I
have been on my feet now, and it was passed
in one minute; and I do not suppose.anybody
in the Senate, unless it was the Senator him-
self, knew what was going on. I have talked
to a dozen Senators, and they have all said
they did not know anything about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not the Senator
suppose that the Committee on the Judiciary
knew what the bill was? Does he not-sup-
pose that the Senator who introduced the bill
knew what it was?
Mr. MORTON. I, do not know what the
Judiciary Committee knew or said about it. I
do not know whether the Committee on the
Judiciary ever agreed upon this resolution
which is now before us. I have heard not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I undertake to say that
if the Senator beard any such thing it was not
true. It was agreed to by the committee.
Mr. MORTON. I heard it from a member
of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I undertake to say that
the member of the committee who made that
statement was mistaken.
Mr. MORTON. That is not the point. I
am merely speaking about this other bill.
This short bill was read and passed in less,
I believe, than one minute. The Senator him-
self knows that if the character of that bill
had beei) understood it could not have passed
without days of debate in this body ; for every
proposition looking to that end has been re-
sisted by a number of Senators for the last two
or three years. Does anybody know better
than the Senator from Illinois that it could not
have passed if it had been understood? While
I charge no intent upon anybody, I am still
justified in saying that in effect it is a fraud
unon the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is an interesting
historical inquiry; and I should like to ask my
friend from Indiana why he did not make a
motion to reconsider? Under our rules, it
is impossible for a bill to pass through with-
out attracting attention. Indeed, the rules of
the Senate and the practices of the Senate are
such as to attract attention to every important
bill. For instance, when a bill passes as some-
times bills do in this hurried way. although I
remember the passage of this bill very well,
and remember it being read, and my impres-
sion is that the Senator was in his seat 
Mr. MORTON. Certainly I was. I heard
the Senator from Illinois make the remark
which he has read.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then, according to the
custom, the whole proceedings are printed and
laid upon our tables at breakfast; then we can
find another copy of the same proceedings in
full on our desks here when we come into the
Senate; we hear the Journal read^and at any
moment within two days the Seifcuor from
Indiana might have made a motion to recon-
sider, or he might have moved to recall that
bill from the House at any time, for it passed j
over a whole session, from the last session to
the present, before it was taken up in the
House. At any time a mere motion by any
Senator would have recalled that bill. A mere
suggestion that it had passed by inadvertence,
by mistake, or by misapprehension could at
any time have recalled the bill.
Mr. MORTON. Did you know the char-
acter of it when it was passed?
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood that it mod-
ified the tost-oath as to all persons who hSd
taken part in the rebellion and were not dis-
qualified by the fourteenth amendment. Per-
haps 1 did not precisely understand the extent
of it, but I understood it sufficiently.
Mr. POME ROY. Will the Senator from
Ohio yield for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am through.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to answer the
question of the Senator from Ohio. I found
out about the character of that bill 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Kansas that the Sen-
ator from Indiana was entitled to the floor,
but yielded to the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. POMEROY. Perhaps be will yield
for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. MORTON. In one moment. I found out
about the character of that bill the next day,
and my impression is that I talked with some
Senators here about making a motion to re-
consider the bill or to recall it from the House.
My recollection is that I spoke to the Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] about it and asked
him to go over to the House and advise some
gentlemen upon the floor in regard to the char-
acter of the bill. I took the pains to address
a note myself to one of my colleagues in the
House in regard to the character of the bill.
But I had no idea that the bill could pass the
House or get a corporal's guard in the House
in its support; and if it had been called up at
any time during that session it conld not have
passed, as I am advised. But it lay upon the
table there nearly a year, and one of my col-
leagues in talking to me about it and another
member who voted for it said to me: "The
bill could not have passed the House except
for the report that it passed the Senate unani
raously, and we came to the-conclusion you
had all given up the question of amnesty and
test-oaths, and we thought it was not worth
while to stand out."
Mr. POMEROY, (at half past five o'clock
p. m.) I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas moves that the Senate do now
adjourn. The question is on that motion.
Mr. NYE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 23, nays 33 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow, Cam-
eron, Chandler,Conklim;, Corbett, Cra<?in, Edmunds,
Gilbert, Hamlin. Howell, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton. Nye, Osborn,Patterson, Pomeroy, Bamsey, Bev-
els Stewart. Sumner, and Warner—2o.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Buckingham, Car-
penter, Ciisserly.Coie, Davis, fen ton, Flanagan. Fow-
ler, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Harris, Hill, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg, Pratt, Rob-
ertson, Ross, Sauls bury, Sawyer, Seott, .Sherman,
Sprague, Stearns, Stockton. Thurman. Xipton,Trum-
bull. Viekers, Willey, and Wilson—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Cattell,
Ferry. Harlan. Howard, Lewis. McCreery, McDon-
ald, Morrill of Maine. Fool, Bice, Schurz, Spencer,
Thayer, Williams, and Yates—17.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not rise to prolong
this discussion or to say one word on the merits
of this case; but there were two statements
made by the Senator from Indiana that I can-
not let pass without some notice. The first is,
that the bill to prescribe an oath in certain
cases was passed by fraud. It is true that the
Senator says there was no intention to commit
fraud, but he says that actually it was a fraud
upon the Senate. Now, sir, I recollect the
passage of that bill very well. I was sitting
in my seat here when it was called up. 1 recol-
lect that i? was read. I remember that the
vote was taken upon it, and I was somewhat
surprised that no opposition was made to it,
and attributed it at the time to a disposition
on the part of the dominant majority to quit
the policy of proscription that had theretofore
prevailed. I remember turning around to one
of my brother Senators and saying: " That bill
passing without opposition is a good augury
for the passage of the general amnesty bill."
Who were in the Senate at the time that
bill passed? Right sitting before the Vice
President was the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmusds.J who, among the other great quali-
ties he has, has a watchfulness that never has
been doubted by any one, and a power to object
that is unequaled by anybody. [Laughter.]
Beyond him, in the outer row, sat the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,J -who
always, when any measure comes up that affects
the reconstructed States, is apt to be upon the
qui irive. There was in the Senate the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.] There were the
two Senators from Iowa; there was my col-
league ; there was the Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. Williams;] there were both the Senators
trom Kansas. Are those Senators to allow a
bill to be read at the Clerk's desk and say not
one word when a single objection could have
passed the bill over to another day? Were
they not Senators who, if a bill of that kind
had passed in a way that would operate as a
fraud upon the Senate, would have come into
the Senate the next day and have moved its
reconsideration ?
But if I was astonished at the remark made
by the Senator from Indiana that that bill bad
passed by fraud, I was more astonished at the
remark be made that this resolution now under
consideration, as he understood it, had never
received the approbation of the Committee on
the Judiciary who reported it. Whatdoes that
remark imply ? What i3 it but an imputation
upon the chairman of that committee who
reported this resolution as recommended by
that committee? He did not say, for it is not
usual to say, that it passed the committee
unanimously. No chairman reporting a bill
says anything of that kind; but in the face of
the Senate and in the face of every member of
that Judiciary Committee, for it was reported
within five minutes, I believe, after we came up
from the committee-room, the chairman of the
committee reported the joint resolution. Now,
I put it to the Senator Irom Indiana, has he so
poor an opinion of the members of that com-
mittee as to believe that they would allow their
chairman or anybody to report a bill from that
committee as having been approved by that
committee when in point of fact it had not been ?
His remark was an imputation not only npon
the chairman who reported the measure, but
upon every member of that committee. And
if any member of that committee has told him
that this resolution did not pass the commit-
tee, that member deserves the censure of the
Senate for not having called the attention of
the Senate to it himself. If any member of
that committee has dared to say in private to
a Senator that the chairman of that committee
has reported a measure as having met the ap-
proval of the committee when in point of fact
it did not, and he himself, a member of the
committee, has not called the attention of the
Senate to it, I would move to censure him, and
try conclusions with any such man. I deny it,
sir. Upon this resolution in the committee a
i vote was taken, and there were but two votes
against it. let anybody say what he pleases.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know anything
about this committee question thatl am aware,
because I do not remember to have been pres-
ent. If I was present I certainly voted against
the resolution, if I understood what the ques-
tion was. It may have gone through the com-
mittee in the same way that the other bill
went through the Senate last year.
Mr. THURMAN. What, this resolution?
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of
order as to this discussion betweeu these two
honorable Senators.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state that matters transpiring in a
committee-room are not legitimate subjects of
debate in the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not in order in the
Senate to refer to proceedings in committee ;
and my colleague and the Senator from Indi-
ana were out of order in doing so.
Mi*. EDMUNDS. J would respectfully sug-
gest to the Chair and to the Senator from
Ohio that it would be rather a good thing to
settle that, before one member of the com-
mittee has been allowed to tell his tale, and
then not stop others.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not hear one word
that the Senator says.
