1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Mr. SHERMAN. I intended.to rise to call
my colleague to order, but, the Senator from
Vermont rose at the same moment that I did,
and I supposed that he intended to make the
point of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana had made the point, or had stated that
this resolution perhaps had not been consid-
ered in committee. It was not stated in a
positive manner, so far, as,the-Chair heard the
remark. It was stated doubtfully that he had
heard that it probably had not been considered
in committee. The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Tbdrman] rose and addressed the Senate at
some length in regard to it. The Chair sup-
posed that he was about simply to make a pass-
ing remark on the subject; and disliking, as
the- Chair does, to check Senators unless a
point of order is made, the Chair did not check
him. For that he may be censurable. If he
is, he will submit to that censure. But he was
about to make the point when the Senator from
Ohio rose, and to state, as this debate is digress-
ing into a discussion of what transpired in the
Committee on the Judiciary, thai by parlia-
mentary law that is not subject to debate in
the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish some one had
called the Senator from Indiana to order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe I havethe floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I decline to be
interrupted. I respectfully submit to the Chair
that I have not transgressed even the ruling of
the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly not.
The Chair did not so state.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly not. I am not
complaining of the ruling of the Chair at all;
I only suggest to gentlemen that if committee
proceedings are to be discussed or not to be
discussed, it is quite as well for the cause of
truth that we should either stop before we
begin, as an Irishman would say, or else go
through to the end. All that I said was, and
all that I need now to say is, first, that I have
not stated to my friend from Indiana or to any-
body anything touching the treatment of this
joint resolution in committee. And secondly,
all that I said was that I did not remember
anything about it, which, I take it, does not
transgress the rule, or if I were there I must
have voted against it. I do not know that that
transgresses the rule.
But I do not care to debate that at all. I
did not rise for that purpose. It was only an
incidental reply to my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Thurman,] as his censure was somewhat broad
as to the conduct of members of the commit-
tee in speaking in private to their friends about
what they happen to know or do not know,
which he will permit me to say is perhaps a
little broader jurisdiction than he possesses.
It is a privilege, I believe, among Senators,
sitting side by side, to state even what takes
place in committee, if it does not compromise
anybody else. I think it would be allowable
for me to tell my friend from Indiana, as I
have not done, that I have no recollection at
all of the measure in committee, and probably
was not there when it passed.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him for one moment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at all, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont declines to yield.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And therefore I respect-
fully submit, in reply to the remarks of the
honorable Senator from Ohio, that it is a little
broader jurisdiction than he possesses to pro-
pose to censure anybody 
Mr. THURMAN. You misapprehend what
1 said.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will be
quiet 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont declines to be interrupted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know the Senator is
uneasy, but lie has borne it a good while.
Therefore, I respectfully submit, in reply to
the honorable Senator from Ohio, that it is
quite beyond his jurisdiction to propose to
censure anybody for stating in a private way,
as one Senator has a right to do to another,
anything he pleases that, does not affect the
dignity of the Senate. Very well; enough for
that.
Now, my honorable friend from Ohio says
that he had hoped that the passage of the bill
referred to, and he believed some of our party
with whom he is now acting thought the
passage of that relief bill—it is not a law
yet, let me say, and I trust as things now stand
that it will be some years before it is—was a
retraction of that proscriptive policy which had
characterized the Republican party hitherto.
I am not using his language, but the substance
of it. "Proscriptivepolicy," Mr. President!
I think I haveheatd those expressions before:
"Proscription" for opinion's sake; for reli-
gion 1" And so, in the estimation of my hon-
orable friend and his compatriots, treason, re-
bellion, tumult, war, murder, being put under
the ban of the law, is the unfortunate victim
of proscription ; and it is a great day for the
country when the party that proscribes that
little exercise of individual right and liberty
backs out of it and says to rebels and to
traitors: "Go on in your career of disorder
and tumult; having been beaten in arms,,slay
all the negroes that you can; steal all the
horses of white men to run away with"^—as
happened lately—"if you can. After you
have killed a negro, drive out the citizens of
other States who under the Constitution—a
proscriptive kind of Constitution, to be sure,
that allows the citizen of one State to go into
another—have come to settle into your State ;
set up a reign of terror; convict nobody for
the murder of any one unless he has been a
man who held arms under the confederacy;"
and then turn round to us and say: " If you
do not do all this you are proscribing peo-
ple!" That undoubtedly is the honest and
real position of my friend and his party; and
he has a right to whatever benefit of it before
an intelligent country he can make. So much
for that.
Now, sir, as I have said, the bill upon which
my friend from Pennsylvania feels himself, as
he thinks, bound to go for this joint resolution
has not yet finally passed; it is not the law of
the land, let me tell my friend, so far as we
know, and therefore I respectfully submit to
him, is he not taking a step a little in advance
of the moral coercion that he supposes himself
under, to make haste, before he knows that it
is a law, to do for this man what the Senate
has solemnly refused to do for another man
similarly situated in the only case of precisely
this character that has already been presented
to it.
Now, sir, one word more in reply to my
friend irom Pennsylvania. He seems to have
supposed that the election of this man was
legal; that he can take his seat now if we pass
this bill, because of the analogy between this
case and that of the election of a Representa-
tive or a Senator before he attains the age
prescribed by the Constitution. > submit to
my friend from Pennsylvania, in all candor,
if he will turn his attention to those clauses of
the Constitution, he will see that the analogy
does not exist, because those clauses plainly
and fairly read and considered do show, as I
think, and as I am satisfied he will think on
looking at them, that the qualification of age
and the qualification of citizenship are intended
by the Constitution to exist only, and for the
first time, when the officer is called upon to
exercise the function of the office to which
he is clected; that is to say, they do not attach
until the time for action comes, whenever that
may be. To convince him of that I will read
the paragraph, for it is brief:
"No person shall be a Representative who shall
not have attained to tho ago of twenty-five years,
and been seven years a citizen of the United States,
and who shall not. when elected, be an inhabitant
of that State in which he shall be chosen."
And there is the same clause exactly upon
that point as to a Senator, except as to the
age and length of citizenship. The plain
meaning of it is, reading it together, that 110
person shall be a Representative, emphasizing
the act of existence in the official position
to which'he may have been elected, until hu
attains that age prescribed by tbe Constitu-
tion; and then in the next clause changing the
phraseology and bringing itself back to the
period of election, it says that "no person
shall be a Representative" unless lie shall,
"when elected, be an inhabitant of that Stale
in which he shall be chosen." So, I submit
to my friend from Pennsylvania that under the
Constitution itself it is lawful, by the express
power conferred by that clause, to elect a man
who is not of the age, when elected, required
by the Constitution, although he must be,
when elected, an inhabitant of the State in
which he is chosen, so that if he reaches the
point of qualification at any time before the
Legislature or the people shall have elected
somebody else, or before the term has expired,
he may *,hen come forward and take the oaths,
complying with the very letter of the Consti-
tution which says he must then be of the age
required. Otherwiseitwouldhavebeenentirely
inofficious for the Constitution-makers to have
provided that when elected he must be an
inhabitant of the State, while it does not pro-
vide that when he is elected he must be of the
age requisite, but that when he is to be the
Senator or the Representative he must have
attained that age. Therefore all those casts
are out of the way.
Then you come back to this question of dis-
qualification, a disqualification by whatever
name you call it; in substance, the man is not
entitled to be a Senator at this moment, if he
were entitled to be a Senator, then this law
that you are asking us to pass is totally inelii-
cacious, is totally superfluous ; there is no
occasion to pass it, and the very gentlemen
who are urging us to vote for it ought to vote
against it as a matter of consistency and as a
matter of constitutional duty.
That is'not the ground upon which I must
stand ; the reverse is the ground. They are
pressing you, sir, to make this a law because,
by the existing law, this man has no right to
approach your desk and become a Senator of
the United States. That is the reason; the
law is to give him the authority to hold an
office, to be an officer, which he does not now
possess. There is the difficulty.
Now, my friend from Wisconsin, with a cor-
rectness of logic which always characterizes
him and which does him honor, says, in view
of this absurd position, in which we are to be
led by that line of argument, " All these pre-
ceding laws are unconstitutional." Very well,
sir; if that can be made out, then you do not
need this law at all. AUthe Senate then would
have to do would be to decide when this Sen-
ator shouldtbe brought up and objection should
be made to your administering the oath that
ho was entitled to be sworn in upon taking
simply the constitutional oath, agreeing to
support the Constitution of his country. But
that is not sufficient for this purpose.
All parties agree, except my friend from
Wisconsin and probably my friend from Ohio,
that this proposed law must be passed in order
to enable this man to hold an office and to be
an officer, which the law does not now permit
him to possess.
But, then, my friend from Wisconsin says
that the proclamation of the President of the
United States granting a pardon to everybody,
after the people had condemned him and had
determined to send him into retirement, char-
acterizes this as a case which entitles this
man again to take the mere constitutional oath
notwithstanding these statutes; that his guili,
his disability, has been removed by the sweep-
