1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
357
which the worn-out Chinese prostitutes aro taken
down to be dooiored tor the ioule&t diseases, from
which they seldom escape to daylight any more,
for the killing of such is justifiable by their terrible
secret bands.
*' The stench from the loathsome dens ascends and
fills the atmosphere around their wretched dwellings,
so that,on entering their precincts, we are made aware
ot the presence of a most sickening element. They
disregard all the sanitary laws established by the
experience of Europe and America. The quantity
of iresh air required in the sleeping chamber of an
adult for healthy respiration, according to Tood and
bowman; also, Rieord, at Paris; Sir Henry March,
Dublin; Dr. Snow, New Yoik, is seven hundred
cubic feet, and this is to be refreshed with purer air
from an untainted atmosphere every hour. A full-
grown person consumes several cubic inches of air at
one respiration.
" The creatures cannot indeed enjoy that allowance
of fresh air, and there is .truly little or no trc«h air
permissible; the natural and speedy consequence will
be wide-spread Asiatic plague in our midst, which
our American physicians can but feebly control.
" Their Laws-.—The Chinese laws are carried into
effect among themselves, independent of and regard-
less of our laws. They hold subterranean couits,
have judges and executioners, and inflict the death
penal ty upon any oi their race who reveal any of their
secretdoings to Americans.
" Piostitutcs, — Theie aie, wc conjecturc, about
twenty-live hundred of these wretched creatures
in the Chinese quarters. They inhabit the moat
disgusting dens; aro unconscious of any shame;
beckon passers-by to come in; have already attracted
swarms of young Ameiican boys of ten to fifteen
years of age to their deadly contact. Those lads, the
most of them, IniYecaught loathsome diseases, which
will descend to their posterity, a semi-leprosy, not to
bo eradicated by any medical skill."
These are not persons kidnapped and shipped
to involuntary servitude, as happened in Cuba
and Peru—the former by the Spanish Govern-
ment, or its officials—but immigrants, who
have paid as high as $300 for a passage, worth
forty dollars, and pledged, some of them, their
families, with the following results. I quote
from an eye-witness describing the sale of a
family in China to satisfy such a debt. The
extract commences after two girls, one sixteen
the other fourteen, had been sold for purposes
of prostitution:
*1 We return the same way to ascertain the result
of the sale. Only the mother and the boys were left.
The debt was only $300, and fifty dollais of it still
remained unpaid. I have been often told by res-
idents in China that the parents would as soon sell
their children as a cow or a pig. Aud X had begun
to behove that such was the case upon pacing the
group the first time. But the scene had changed.
The girls were gone, pnd now a boy must go also.
The mother xitin the dirt, with her arms around the
youngest, wailing in a most piteous manner, and, as
\rr liung said, cursing the men that sold her hus-
band a ticket to America at $300, which cost them
but forty dollars. The broker sat listlessly by,
smoking his pipe and twirling his cane, looking as
if it was the smallest matter of business with hun.
The boys were crying, and seemed very much afraid
of us, now it was certain that one of thorn must go.
"Cur we passed on and left them in their misery. W e
never knew whether the boy was sold to a childless
man, to bo treated as a son; to a Portuguese, to be
carried to the West Indies under a nominal contract;
or to a native land-owner, to be his slave. But that
one of them was sold into servitude for the sum of
jilty dollars there can ho no doubt. The girls were
doubtless purchased for the'vilest of purposes, unless
they had the rare luck to fall into tho hands ot some
native in search of a legitimate wife. I am told that
the niice ot girls has gone up within a few months,
owing, perhaps, to the fact that a less number ot
emigranishaveforfeiled theirbond in California, than
was thcoabesixmoiithsagn. I was shown lour bright,
plump, rosy-appearing gnls yesterday, wno were
purchased less than a year ago (the whole lot) for
eighty dollars. Now they will soil readily for ciuO
each.
Now, I ask, is this a population desirable to
ingraft on or commingle with our own? Is
it a population that we ought to invite, or even
admit, although it might furnish improved do-
mestic servants; though by cheapening labor
it would increase the gains of capitalists and
manufacturers; although it would remedy the
unreliability of negro labor on cotton planta-
tions and southern railroads?
We have permitted thousands of Chinese to
come to our shores and work as miners in Cali-
fornia peaceably and unmolestedly. How was
it 011 the other hand? After getting permission
from high official authority to enter the terri-
tory of the "Flowery Kingdom," and paying
for the privilege a heavy sum, Dr. Williamson
tells bow miners were treated in China, In
volume one, page 127, be says:
" The European miners who, in 1868, went into tho
interior to search for gold, alighted upon a valuable
ore, containing lead and twenty per cent. of anti-
mony, about fifteen miles east by south of Chee-foo.
They tried hard to work it, but the mandarins pre-
vented the natives from selling them food, and so
starved them."
So much for the quality of the Chinese. Now
as to quantity.
As before remarked, numerically they com-
prise more than one third the entire human
race, and outnumber our own people tenfold ;
that is to say, the total population of the Uni-
ted States compared to that of China is only
in proportion of that of the Stale of New York
to the population of the entire^ Uaion. We
are all, I presume, at least, sufficiently satisfied
with the condition and institutions of oar coun-
try, notwithstanding any changes and reforms
we may desire to have made or adopted, to
prefer it, on the whole, to any other. The vast
majority believe, as I have always believed,
that European immigration has benefited the
United States, and rejoice that it has equally
benefited the immigrant. But the prospect-
ive workings of that foreign influx were always,
as they are now, a matter, not of abstract prin-
ciple, but of degree or quantity.
The highest tide of transatlantic immigra-
tion has never cast more than about half a
million human beings on these shores in one
year. But if instead of half a million there
had been annually imported two, or three,
or five millions of those very Irish and Ger-
mans whom now even the most violent of the
American or Know-Nothing order recognize
as good and useful citizens—if this had been
the case, are there any of us who most zealously
opposed the Know-Nothings who would not
instead have accepted their doctrines, so far
as immigration was concerned, when it had
become a question of being overwhelmed by
an immigration greater than we could absorb
or assimilate, which would have out-voted us,
which would have plunged us into anarchy
and swamped our institutions before they had
time to understand or appreciate them?
We must remember that within a genera-
tion, say thirty-three years, less than lour
lftillion immigrants have reached us Irom
Europe—nine tenths of these from portions
of Ireland and Germany, the population of
which countries, combined, did not exceed
twenty millions, or about one twentieth of the
population of China,; that the principal part
of these people came under pecuniary diffi-
culties, and with their own painfully collected
resources.
We must bear in mind that when egress from
the Chinese empire was prohibited, and when
Chinese emigrated they had to do so with then-
own means and ill clumsy old vessels, called
junks, yet they scattered and settled by mil-
lions on the islands of the Indian ocean.
What may be expected with the ports of China
open, immense lines of steamships and other
passenger vessels plying between them and us
weekly and daily, and their passage paid for
them to our shores? What the Chinese them-
selves expect to do in our case Mr. Choy Chew,
a Chinese merchant in Sau Francisco, himself
tells us. I quote from the speech of Hon.
James A. Johxson, of California, delivered
on this lloor in January last:
"Mr. Choy Chew, when interviewed in New Tork,
was asked, ' Will the tide of emigration trorn China
continue to increase?' replies, 'X think so. Cantor-
nia will absoib several million Chinese before ten.
years.'"
That is California only. Just think of it!
And under Republican amendments to the
Constitution, all can be voters, all can hold
office; and the men who bared their breasts to
the storm ; who crossed the plains and endured
all the hatdships and privations of a pioneer
life; who earned oar laws, our religion, and
our civilization with them ; who are part and
parcel of ourselves; who fought to preserve
this Union ; who have made that young State
one of the brightest stars in our galaxy;
these men are to be overrun within ten years
bv ''several million Chinese." God foibiul
I, for one, am ready to oppose this, '!peace-
ably if we can, forcibly if we must."
But I see by the papers that the authorities
of the present Administration have arrested
soine of its own officers in that State for at*
tempting to collect some kind of a mining tax
from Chinamen, so anxious are gentjemen
for the introduction and well-being of John
Chinaman.
To an overwhelming influx, amounting annu-
ally to tens of millions, there are, among other
things, the following extraordinary incentives
and inducements: multitudes in that country,
struggling without hope for a scanty subsist-
ence, which any day may fail them, know or
believe that by a few years' labor they may
acquire a competence on which to retire or
establish themselves at home. This in the
main is true. Humor widely exaggerates the
prospective advantages. I have recently seen
translations of the published advertisements
of Chinese agents at Canton which would do
credit to any of our patent-medicine vendors
or any traveling circus or menagerie. I do
not remember whether tliey were signed by
the great coolie contractor of San Francisco,
Koopmanchap, or some other chap. The
means of emigration from China are not
only facile to procure, but the emigrant is
tempted instead of impeded. With unre-
stricted intercourse and unconditional Chinese
emigration, such as now exist, the time can-
not be far distant when the chief part of the
capital of the country, which now sets and
keeps labor in motion, will gradually have
been invested in Chinese bones and muscles,
an arrangement which will undoubtedly be
mutually advantageous to the capitalist invest-
ing and the Chinese invested in. There will
not be wanting increased facilities between the
immense demand and the still more immense
supply, in the form of go-betweens or agents,
both Caucasian and Chinese. A vast navy,
foreign, or even native, in comparison to which
the present Atlantic lines of immigration will
dwindle into insignificance, will arise on the
Pacific.
Honorable gentlemen may think that I deal
in hyperbole and exaggeration, when through-
out this argument I always speak of millions ;
but the elementary facts of the question are so
vast that it is only by millions they can be esti-
mated if we wish to be approximately true to
figures. They may ask, how can such unpre-
cedented numbers be transported across such
an unprecedented distance of ocean? But I
may answer, ihis is an unprecedented case.
A few brief years back the overland journey
to California occupied more than one hundred
days: now we go thither in seven. We must
keep up with and appreciate the chain of cir-
cumstances, and calculate accordingly. Let
us look at this a moment. We have capital-
ists with all the means necessary to utilize
Chinese labor, and they will invest their means,
because it will be profitable for the capitalists
to supersede white labor by Chinese labor; to
turn the white laboring man or woman out of
employment and install John Chinaman in his
place, just as Mr. Sampson, of North Adams,
Massachusetts, did; just as the Central Pacific
Railroad Company did; just as the Alabama
and Chattanooga liailroad Company has done;
just as numerous corporations and capitalists
have done, and as thousands of others are pre-
paring to do. In these cases they retain a
fractional proportion of white laborers, as a
matter of necessity, for instructors, but they,
too, will soon have to go.
The Chinaman can live easily in this coun-
try for fifteen cents a day. At forty cents a
day he saves ninety dollars a year. At that
rate, in less than seven years he pays[ Pls
passage home and retires with $500. n ith
that amount in China he is rich, and can
almost become a mandarin. On these terms
millions of Chinese will come, on double these
terms capitalists will fengage millions of them,
and get higher interest for their investments
