1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the earth. They took the arms from the
arsenals of the North and sent them to "the
South. They took the means out of the hands
of the coming Administration to prevent them
from enforcing the laws; and now the Senator
from Missouri says that the Government should
have protected those southern men. How
could the Government protect them? Their
hands were tied; their feet were tied; the
dagger was at the hSart of this Government.
The men then in possession of the offices of
the Government were endeavoring to over-
throw the Government, and they had used
every means in their power to overthrow it.
And yet the Senator from Missouri says that
the Government should have protected these
southern men. How could it protect them
under those circumstances?
It may be that there are many men in the
South who are justly entitled to compensation
for supplies furnished and services rendered
to the Government; bat, if we are to provide
for them by this amendment I desire that it
shall be properly guarded. I do not wish it
to cover those who were simply the passive
friends of the Government or the passive
friends of the confederate government. Sir,
do you suppose the confederate government
would have paid the claims of any persons
against it who were proved to be merely pas-
sive friends of that government? And are we
now to pay all the claims of those persons who
were simply passive and neutral during the
war, who furnished the one army or the other,
just as they happened to be in power in their
neighborhood? I want to guard this amend-
ment so that none but active loyal men shall
be paid their claims.
Mr. LEWIS. Will the Senator explain what
he means by "active loyalty?"
Mr. GOjiBEi'T. That is what I am trying
to explain. I do not consider that those men
who were simply passive, neutral, who sup-
plied both armies, the confederate army as
they came along and the Union Army as they
came along, were loyal men. Therefore I
make a distinction. If a man was an active
loyal man, he refused to supply the confed-
erate army and did supply the Union Army.
Any man who produces evidence showing that,
I should say was an active loyal man. That
is the discrimination I would make, as near as
I can make it clear.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 suggest to the Senator that
e man might be sick or lame and a very good
Union man at the same time. [Laughter.]
Mr. CORBETT. There is the very difficulty
in this whole question. The Senator from
Missouri claims that all these people were
loyal because the Government was bound to
protect them, and therefore I suppose he would
say that all these claims were just and proper
and we must pay them all. I do not see how
you are to discriminate on his platform. There
is the difficulty that presents itself to my mind.
Mr. RICK Let me ask the Senator this
question: why has there been no difficulty in
ascertaining who were loyal and who were dis-
loyal in the State of Tennessee ? This has
been the law there for years, and yet we have
no complaint from the Departments that dis-
loyal men in Tennessee are getting money out
of the Treasury; that men who ought not to
have it are getting money out of the Treasury.
Why will it not work the same way in other
southern States? This is no new experiment,
no new thing.
Mr. CORBETT. But this amendment pro-
poses to extend the jurisdiction of the Court
of Claims to a very wide field, to a section of
country where no one pretends there was any
loyalty existing. There was a semblance of
loyalty in Tennessee, particularly in East Ten-
nessee ; but does any one contend that there
was an active loyal organization in any of
these other States for the protection of the
people of those States ? It seems to me Sen-
ators must acknowledge that these States stand
on a different ground from certain portions of
Tennessee, particularly Bast Tennessee, where
there were a great many active Union men. It
was very different in some of the other south-
ern States to which it is now proposed to extend
this law.
Mr. RICE. I should like to ask another
question. Why is there any more danger of
disloyal men in other States, where there was
very little loyalty, presenting claims and get-
ting theifl through the Departmant than there
is of disloyal men in Middle or West Tennes-
see, where there was very little loyalty, pre-
senting claims and getting them through the
Department? There are portions of Tennes-
see where there was just as little loyalty as in
any portion of Louisiana, Georgia, or any other
State ; and yet we have no complaint that there
are any false claims from that country.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no doubt that there
will be a great many claims presented from
portions of Tennessee by disloyal people, and
they will, perhaps, obtain their money under
this law; but undoubtedly at the same time
there will be a great many loyal people who
' will obtain their pay; and I would rather that
a few disloyal men should be paid than that
none of the loyal people should be paid. I
desire to do what is right toward these people,
but at the same time I desire to protect the
Treasury of the United States. I wish to pro-
tect the interests of the active loyal men of
the South, but I do not wish to open the door
to every species of claim from those who were
simply passive during the war, who did not act
either "way, but who will now come in and
attempt to prove that they were loyal because
they did not enter the southern army and that
the supplies were taken from them, and there-
fore they should receive pay for it, although
at the same time they supplied the confeder-
ate army. I shall offer the amendment I have
suggested whenever the proper time comes.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Before the Senator sits
down I wish to ask him a question.
Mr. CORBETT. I will yield to a question.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have listened to the
Senator's speech. I have heard him talk
about disloyalty. I have never yet in the last
ten years, since the question arose, heard any
one define specifically and aconrately to my
mind who it is that under our federative sys-
tem of government is a disloyal man. Now
will the honorable Senator, after speaking
about disloyal people, please enlighten my
ignorance by informing rae who, in his judg-
ment, considering the character and nature
of our federative system of government, is a
disloyal man, and what constitutes disloyalty?
Mr. CORBETT. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Delaware that from the speeches
lately uttered in this Chamber, especially by
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] I do
not think there are any disloyal men in this
Union; they are now all loyal, and therefore
all, both North and South, are to be paid their
claims. That appears to be the principle that
we are going to act upon now.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am happy to hear
that explanation. The only inconsistency be-
tween the explanation and the previous speech
is this: that the Senator has been talking
about disloyal people under this government,
and now he says that after listening to the
luminous arguments of gentlemen on this floor,
he does not believe there is a disloyal man in
the United States.
Mr. RICE obtained the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. I want to appeal to the
Senate to go on and transact some business.
Mr. RICE. If the Senate will vote, I have
not a word to say. That is all I desire.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am willing to do that.
Mr. RICE. I will give way for that purpose.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will allow
me, it is perfectly, apparent that we can have
no vote upou this question to-night. There are
Senators here who feel that they ought to speak
upon it, and I suppose they ought to. I have
nothing to say about it. But I do wish the Sen-
ate-would yield to the wish of the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations and allow
the remaining hours of this night to be devoted
to something that will accomplish the purposes
of the session ; let the fortification bill, which,
I understand, he has ready, or the naval appro-
priation bill, be taken up, and let this bill go
overuntilto morrow. Whatever we do to-night
outside of this bill will be clear gain; but to-
morrow at twelve o'clock, whetherWe adjourn
now or adjourn at four o'clock in the morn-
ing, we shall find ourselves precisely where we
are now on this bill. Everybody knows that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Arkansas yield?
Mr. RICE. I will yield the floor for any
purpose except debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
desire to debate this proposition, but to give
notice of an amendment that I shall offer at
the proper time, to add after the words '' loyal
citizens" the words " and who remained loyal
from January 1, 1861, to May 1, 1865."
Mr. COLE. I do hope the Senate will con-
sider what has been so well said by my friend
from Rhode Island, and allow us to put this
bill aside for a time and go on with other
appropriation bills that are now ready. This
bill can then be taken up to-morrow and this
question disposed of, if the Senator who moves
th£ amendment persists in having it disposed
of on this bill.
Mr. ABBOTT. All we want is a vote on
this question.
Mr. COLE. I move to lay this bill on the
table.
Mr. RICE. I do not-yield to the Senator to
make that motion, but only for a suggestion.
Mr. ABBOTT. I appeal to the Senate to
allow us to take a vote on this amendment.
The principles of it are perfectly understood.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators
must address the Chair one at a time in order
to preserve order.
Mr. COLE. I am assured by Senators
around me that there eannot be a vote on this
amendment to-night.
Mr. SPENCER. Then we will sit it out. -
Mr. COLE. Senators forget that we are in
the last hours of the session, and have a good
many appropriation bills yet behind.
Mr. ABBOTT. Will the Senator from Cali-
fornia withdraw his motion for one moment?
Mr. OOLE. For what purpose?
Mr. ABBOTT. I want to make just one
remark.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California up to this time has made no
motion.
Mr. COLE. I did make a motion to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. RICE. If I have the floor I should like
to say what I have to say now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Arkansas to yield
for a vote.
Mr. RICE. That is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on the motion of the Senator from
California, that this bill do lie upon the table.
Mr. RICE. That is not the motion that I
yielded to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not understand tfie Senator to^lesignate
what kind of a vote, but he said he would
yield for a vote.
Mr. RICE. A vote on the amendment.
There could not be any vote to lay on the
table unless there was a motion for that par
pose, and I did not yield for the making of
any such motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Arkansas to yield
to the Senator from. California to make a
motion.
Mr. RICE. Oh, no ; I did not.
Mr. COLE. I made the motion twice. The
Chair did not hear me the first time, but I
