1796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 28,
made the motion twice before this to lay the
bill upon the table; I mean since Senators
have been discussing it the last few minutes.
Mr. MORTON". But the Senator from Ark-
ansas did not yield for that purpose.
Mr. GOLE. If he did not yield for that
purpose that is another thing.
Mr. RICE. I did not yield for a motion to
lay on the table. I am willing to yield now to
allow a vote to be taken on this amendment,
but if it is to be discussed further, I am going
to say what I have to say now. That is the
position I intended to take, and think I did
take.
Mr. ABBOTT. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Arkansas yield to the Senator
• from North Carolina ?
Mr. RICE. For what purpose?
Mr. ABBOTT. I wish to make a remark
about the continuance of this debate.
Mr. RICE, I wish to make a remark on
that subject myself. [Laughter.] I shall be
through in a moment.
Mr. ABBOTT. I ask the Senator to allow
t e a moment. He knows I will not be long.
Mr. RICE. I yield.
Mr. ABBOTT. Mr. President, the princi-
nles involved in the discussion that has occurred
Iiere to-night have been at different times since
I have been in the Senate discussed steadily
for more than three weeks before the Senate,
and nearly every able debater in the Senate
has entered into that discussion, including the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,]
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pkatt,] and
the Senatorfrom West Virginia, [Mr. Willey,]
and nearly every great-debater in the Senate.
Every principle of law connected with the prop-
osition now before the Senate has been dis-
cussed over and over again, and is perfectly
well understood. I do not propose to say any-
thing in regard to the question itself as it is
here presented to night, but I appeal to the
Senate to let us have a vote and settle this ques-
tion finally ; because in my belief there never
was any good reason why the loyal men of the
South should not stand exactly like the loyal
men in other portions of the country, and it is
absurd for the Senate to he stultifying Ihem-
selves, after this matter has been fully and com-
pletely elucidated, by undeitaking to occupy
any such position. Now, 1 say let us have a
vote, and let ihose who happen to be in the
minority on this question abide the result of
that vote, and let us do something like justice
to the loyal men of the southern States.
Mr. RICE. If there is any prospect now
of getting a vote ( am 'villin^ to yield the floor
for that purpose, and I am willing to yield it
any way. I think, as the Senator from North
Carolina says, that this question has been dis-
cussed until every man in the Senate under-
stands it, and I hope we shall stand by it now
and-let those speak against it that want to do
so, and those who are for it vote. I am willing
to abide by that doctrine and not make any
argument in regard to the case whatever, be-
cause I have 110 idea that there is a Senator on
this floor who does not know just as much
about it now as he would know to-morrow
morning if we should speak all night. There-
fore I am going to insist on the Iriends of'this
measure standing by it, and letting those op-
posed to it talk until tKey get ready to vote
upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
JJr. CONKLING. Thisseems to me an in-
teresting proceeding, and if it be interesting to
me who see it, and upon whom as a tax-payer
so little of the consequences can fall, how in-
teresting it will be to the absent spectators,
who can witness it only in the burdens it may
impose !
Mr. HARRIS. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. HARRIS. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator what is his estimate of the amount in-
volved, supposing this amendment should be
adopted ?
Mr. CONKLING. I have no arithmetic in
which to compute the amount involved. The
amount which I fear may eventually be involved
would, in my belief, well-nigh beggar any
nation. The sum is snongh to be interesting
to me.
The proposition important in amount, and
in other considerations, as everybody must see,
has just escaped defeat by a motion to lay on
the table, by only seven votes. Defeat was
avoided in a body consisting of seventy-four
members ; and on the motion fifty-two Senators
only voted; twenty-two were absent. Does
the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Rice,] who,
in a significant manner, has several times indi-
cated not only his readiness but his eager-
ness to vote now, suppose that the twenty-two
absent Senators would be absent had they
known that such a proposition was to be
passed upon ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from New York yield to the Senator
from South Carolina?
Mr. CONKLING. I would rather yield to
one Senator at a time than to hear the clamor
of all at once who want to vote now.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I wish to call the hon-
orable Senator's attention to the fact that the
vote by which this measure was not laid on
the table was larger than the vote which was
taken the other night at half past one o'clock
on the honorable Senator's bill known as the
enforcement bill.
Mr. HARRIS. I should like to say a word
to the Senator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. My seeking tlxe floor
seems to be a signal to many other Senators;
but I yield.
Mr. HARRIS. I wish to say to the Senator
from New York, in the first place, that the
loyal people of the South have claims upon
this Government as well as the loyal people
of the North ; and having paid some attention
to this subject, I assert that the whole amount
involved in this amendment,, if it should pass,
will not, exceed $'20,000,000.
Mr. SPENCER. Not $5,000,000.
Mr. HARRIS. I believe it will not exceed
$o,000,000, but I put it at $20,000,000 as the
extremest limit. If the Court of Claims is
opened as now proposed to these claims it
will not involve $20,000,000.
Mr. CONKLING. I see no other Senator
rising now, and therefore I will continue.
With twenty-two members, nearly one third
of the whole body, absent, I hear Senators
clamoring for a vote. Why? It has been pro-
posed repeatedly in the way of an informal
understanding* and also by motion, that the
vote shall stand for a more convenient season,
that it should abide some early time when
these chairs shall be occupied, in place of being
vacant; Jjut every man who espouses this prop-
osition insists with eager pertinacity that we
shall vote_ now. I ask again, why? In the
absence of one of the Senators from New York,
[Mr. Fextox,] in the absence of one of the
Senators from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,]
in the absence of one of the Senators from
Michigan, [Mr. Cuaxdler,] in the absence of
so many other Senators upon whose constitu-
ents the heat and burden of this proceeding is
ultimately to fall, why should we vote to-night?
Is it important that to-night or to-morrow rather
than next week loyal citizens, regardless of
their residence, shall be entitled to their day
in the Court of Claims? No, sir, that is not
the reason; it is obvicus, and I say it with
disrespect to no man, that the spectacle pre-
sented is conclusive evidence that the cham-
pions and advocates of this proposition believe
that though they might carry it to night in the
absence of nearly a third of the Senate, they
will expose it to dangers if they postpone it
until the Senate shall be full.
I appeal to Senators, regardless of their con-
victions upon the question itself, whether a
motion so important as this, introduced as an
amendment to a bill to which it is not germane,
during an evening session, should be, under
such circumstances and for sucb reasons, hur-
ried to a conclusion. I submit to Senators
that for considerations of fair play, for con-
siderations of just dealing, which should, I
think, be more at home In this Chamber than
in any other legislative tribunal, it would be
fit, it would be wholesome, that this provision
should stand until all the representatives of
States are permitted to answer to it upon their
oaths.
What is this proposition? I am not going,
let me assure Senators, to enter upon it at
large, as "I shall feel inclined to do if really
its consideration is to be pushed to the end to-
night ; but what is it in a single aspect ? In the
first place, it applies to nine States, nine States
in which many battles were fought upon fields
more than a thousand miles apart; States which
were occupied and desolated by the greatest
war in history. To whom does it apply in
these States ? The Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Saulsbdry,] very fortunately, I think,
has by a question drawn the attention of the
Senate to the scope of the provision as to the
people it includes. Who ure they? They are
" the loyal citizens" of all these States, pro-
nouncing those words in the present and ap-
plying them to the future. When the Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Corbett] admitted that thero
were no citizens in these States other than
loyal citizens now, I believe he fortified him-
self by the declaration of some other Seuator.
Who shall affirm as a rule of definition, as a
construction which the Court of Claims will
or can put upon this language, that thore is
one citizen, be he home-born or naturalized,
in these nine States not embraced within this
provision ? Was such a project ever beard of
in history?
I aor not going at this moment to enter with
the senior Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
upon a discussion of the law as the Supreme
Court laid it down in the prize cases. How-
ever we may differ as to the decision of the
court, we must agree thattheeourt decided that
the war then concluded was a public war. '"A
public war" was the language of the court. "A
territorial war" was another term employed by
the court. Without, [say, entering upon a dis-
quisition touching the law of the case, was it
ever known in the lifetime of the human race
that when a public war, a territorial war, which
had desolated half a continent or even a prov-
ince, had ended, the victorious party erected a
tribunal of its own to which every citizen of
the conquered country might,come asking com-
pensation for injuiies sulfered when the chariot
wheel of war rolled over hia land ?
But, Mr. President, it will be said that the
design, if not the effect, of these words is to
draw a distinction, I dare not say a line of
demarkation, between the loyal and the dis-
loyal, between those who struck at the heart, of
the nation and those who acted as its shield,
because if I were to speak of demarkations
between these two classes I might draw upon
myself criticism, as I did the other day, when
I employed these words in a similar connec-
tion. Let me rather say, then, that it will be
argued that the design, if not the effect, of
these words is to distinguish between the loyal,
who were those who clung to the flag and stood
by the country, and those who participated in
the greatest, guiltiest, most causeless rebellion
the world ever saw.
Suppose it is so ; we come then to the mode
which has been chosen, to the method which
lias been adopted, to the process which has
been selected, to apply the principle or doc-
trine, to which I have briefly adverted. What
is the mode of trial by which the claims are
to be determined? Is loyally or disloyalty to
be put into any crucible which has been found
effectual for the ascertainment of such truths ?
