1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
I have in my mind now two railroad com-'
panies, one of which, the Alabama and Chat-
tanooga—I think thatis the name—discharged
their laborers, white and colored', whose wages
were forty dollars per month. Their places
were supplied by Chinese, who work for six-
teen dollars per month, and are allowed four
dollars more for boarding. Here is a clear
saving to the company of twenty dollars per
month on each hand employed. They work
fifteen hundred hands, and make a net saving
of $30,000 per mouth, or $360,000 a year.
Another in South Carolina, of which the di-
rectors are all northern men and Republic-
ans, who, after investigating the working of
the system, contracted, as a beginning, for six
hundred Chinese laborers, who were to be on
the line of road ready for work on the 1st day
of this month, and I presume they are there
now. The same proportionate saving to the
company, and dismissal of white and colored
laborers, of course follow. This company
found the negro labor unreliable and as dear
as the white labor of the North, they claim.
It is wrong for thein to speak disparagingly of
the negroes, whom they acknowledge as then-
equals.
_ This importation of labor is, in fact, the re-
vival of a virtual slave oligarchy; not of south-
ern planters, with their tens or hundreds of ne-
groes with their characteristic vices or virtues,
but of shoddyites and monopolists with their
thousands and tens of thousands of Chinese.
Cheap labor is no doubt desirable, and in a
wide range may or may not coexist with low
wages; but I hold that he who furnishes the
labor should receive such money compensa-
tion as, whether high or low, will procure am-
ple subsistence and comforts for himself and
family, enable him to accumulate some surplus
through skill aud industry, and effect this with-
out injuring his bodily vigor or absorbing too
much of his time, so that he and his family
may have opportunities to acquire mental cul-
ture. While labor with us is dearer than in
Europe wages have been getting lower. One
prominent cause of this is oppressive taxation,
which weighs the nation down. Another no-
ticeable fact is, persons cannot purchase half
so much of the necessaries of life with a dol-
lar or five dollars as they could a few years
since. This is largely attributable to govern-
mental mismanagement and a very high pro-
tective tariff on almost every article the people
use and wear.
But, to resume; unless under certain given
conditions a people, or avast majority, are not
benefited by cheap labor. For one, I do not
desire to see it. I wish every person paid a
full and fair equivalent for the labor he per-
forms, be it skilled labor or other. The laborer
is worthy of his hire. Nor do I expect to see
labor cut down to nothing and our people
thus oppressed still further for the benefit of
capital, unless this Chinese ingress assumes
its full proportions or approximates thereto.
"When all white labor shall be thus superseded,
and the great Chinese or pagan millennium of
the party in power shall blaze forth illuminated
with haloes of oriental splendor, intermingled
with pigtails and chopsticks, then our people
could out-manufacture and out-produce the
world were it not for one thing—unfortunately
we should have neither a country nor a people.
If such a thing shall happen there will be a few
prosperous and bloated masters, and hordes of
Asiatic drudges.
I have stated that this Chinese importation
is slavery, and also stated that they come vol-
untarily, and are glad of the opportunity. This
though seemingly contradictory is true. These
Chinese are, in fact, slaves, although, perhaps,
voluntarily assuming the position. As before
remarked they are bound by ties to their native
land where they were only slaves at best. They
and their labor are contracted for, bought and
sold in China, and our laws and institutions
have no control over them, either as to price
or condition of servitude. When the system
attains its full growth, the wages, even of these
poor, miserable, and unfortunate Chinese will
be lowered to a point at which a fallacious hope
of saving something after years of "labor would
still attract them, while the vast majority would
have to toil till death overtook them.
If, however, this servitude was voluntary and
was beneficial to the Chinese, if by a certain
number of years' work they could secure a
humble competence, are we, however, so phi-
lanthropically disposed toward all mankind as
to benefit such strangers at the cost of degra-
dation, ruin, and starvation to our own race
and people?
But allow me to say in plain words, to the
gentlemen who import Chinese, to those who
encourage and indorse the abominable traffic,
and to the capitalists who are preparing to im-
port more such slaves to supplant our own labor-
ers, that the race who have redeemed these vast
regions from the wilderness will never consent
to be crowded out of existence like the slave
subjects of the Montezumas, or Incas, or the
aboriginal occupants of this soil, and from the
domain which their toil, their brain, and their
blood have won and fructified. Never! They
will resist, and successfully resist, the shoddy
Asiatic invaders, let them be imported by whom
they may, or in whatever shape they come, ex-
cept as travelers passing through our land, or as
merchants, in limited numbers, under certain
restrictions, at designated ports. Self-preser-
vation, whichis the first law of nature, demands
this for the sake of ourselves, our families, and
posterity, and the laborers of America will
assuredly see to the matter before it is too late.
It is probable that the American operatives,
like ourselves, do not know all they ought to
know, but wo to your administration party
when the laborers of the United States learn,
as they shortly will learn, all the bearings of
this Chinese question. The San Domingo job
is as a grain of sand upon the sea-shore com-
pared to this. All the shoddy contracts and
all the swindles of the past ten years dwindle
into comparative nothingness beside the im-
mensity of the proposition to thus ruin our whole
people, for we are a nation of laborers with a
few exceptional cases.
The American workingmen have not only
the muscle and intelligence necessary for any
emergency, but they have learned how to or-
ganize. These men claim a million and a half
of votes ; others concede to them a million and
a quarter. Bennett, of the New York Herald,
depicting them, admits that the organized asso-
ciations of labor will give three quarters of a
million of votes. These men are intelligent
enough to know their rights, and courageous
enough to maintain them. With lifted brow
and hand on heart, I stand before this House
and say that I am not a demagogue—I am a
Democrat in the truest sense : and, with due
respect for the intelligence of this House and
of the people, in my opinion neither thisHouse
nor the people fully appreciate the magnitude
of this Chinese question, or its latent powers
and bearings ; not for want of sense to compre-
hend, but for want of time and study devoted
thereto.
After this somewhat lengthy, but I believe
necessary disquisition, I have but a few words
to say in conclusion. Last session, as before
remarked, I had the honor to introduce a reso-
lution of inquiry on this subject. It was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and it is in their hands yet. But whether it
be reported back this session, or whether it be
voted down if reported back, the question is
up in our broad land, and, like Banquo's ghost,
will not be "laid." It is not one of the ques-
tions, like that of Cuba, or the Alabama claims,
or the resolution of amnesty, that you can—
" Stave off at your pleasure.
Take up at your leisure."
It is one which will come to you at your
homes, your thresholds, aud your firesides; it
will permeate every form of active industry ; it
must be met, squarely met; it is before the
country; it has loomed ap suddenly, and with
such abrupt prominence that politicians are
startled, at least many of those who ha.ve the
perception to see anything of its importance.
Some three members of Congress, one in the
House and two in the Senate, saw something
of its proportions, seized time by the forelock,
and made speeches. The gentleman in the
House did not seem to have his heart in the
subject, or did not comprehend it, and his
remarks fell far short of his usually able efforts.
The same may be said of the speeches of two
honorable Senators on the same subject. The
gentleman from California [Mr. Johnson] made
a very clear, well-balanced, and able speech on
the subject about a year since. He indicated
the danger and pointed out the evils of this Chi-
nese influx. His remarks were apparently
unheeded by the overwhelming Republican
majority in this House, as mine, perhaps, will
be; but the workingmen of our country heard
him. I shall be flattered if they give me half
the attention they gave him.
Another word, and I have done. It is said
by some that we cannot stop this Chinese in-
flux without a change in our organic law and
all the subsequent laws on the question of
immigration; that the principles of our Gov-
ernment forbid the stoppage of immigration.
These objections do not apply in this instance,
because these imported Chinese are not immi-
grants in the legal sense of the word, nor are
they in the sense our forefathers understood
it, any more than were the negroes who were
imported from Africa. One was a slave for
life, the other for a period of years. It was
the labor of the negr#then ; it is the labor of
the Chinese now. This plea of cheap labor was
the foundation stone of African slavery, as it
is of coolie importation and slavery now. As
the boy said, ''It is all the same thing, only
spelled differently." It is slavery, and not
immigration. The laws of nations, the laws
of our country, the laws of (rod, and the pre-
cepts of justice give us the unqualified right
to suppress the slave trade—to prohibit sla-
very and the purchase of men or their to'il aud
labor, as slaves, whether for life or a term of
years. If they can be hired for five or ten years
as slaves—if the principle is right—then they
can be imported and hired out here for fifty
years, or during their natural lives. Civiliza-
tion and humanity forbid such proceedings.
Importing labor from a pagan country, and
paying for it, is quite a different thing to em-
ploying Christian artisans and laborers at
home and paying them. The laws of God
and man sanction the latter and forbid the
former. The sophistries of capitalists and
those who encourage importation cannot make
this great wrong right. Believing God to be
just, I think that if a curse ever followed a
nation by His command for its sins, it will fol-
low us if we do not put a stop to this evil.
It is an historical fact that to New England
belongs the glory or the shame of being the first
to import pagan Africans for the sake of their
labor; it is equally true that New Bnglanders
were the first to import pagan Asiatics for
the sake of their labor. Being perfectly clear
that Chinese labor as it is now organized here
is nothing short of slavery; that it is a most
flagrant and outrageous injustice to American
labor and upon the rights of our workingmen;
that if not checked it will subvert and work
an entire revolution in our labor system, and
reduce our laborers and their families to penury
and wretchedness ; and believing as I do that
Congress has full power, and that it is its duty,
to act promptly, I hope that the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, in whose custody my resolu-
tion now is, will at the earliest moment possi-
ble report a bill prohibiting any and all fu rther
importation of Chinese; forbiddingany Chinese
to come to our country except as travelers
passing through the same, or as merchants
in limited numbers, under certain restrictions,
and to be located only at designated ports.
As to the Chinese now here, not under con-
