1798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February, 28,
Beyond this, the great body of the people
being patriotic, and adhering to the cause of
the Union, there was always a cloud of wit-
nesses, a multitude which no man could number,
to come and bear testimony should any recre-
ant son of a northern State present himself
before a department of the Government claim-
ing its clemency or its cash. Is that true in
the distant States which are to be the theater
of these claims in their origin? No, sir. The
honorable Senator will agree with me that all
the probabilities, all the chances, if they are
not absolutely reversed, are so different that
they cannot be confounded with each other.
As you can see the difference between distinc-
tion and similitude, so you can see the distinc-
tion between the case which the honorable Sen-
ator presents to me and this ease.
He has called attention to the case of Ten-
nessee and to the ease of West Virginia. It
would compel me to tarry in the discussion
and to consume some time were 1 to go back to
the period, which the honorable Senator from
Michigan not now in his seat [Mr. Howard]
will well remember, when he and I were mem-
bers of a joint committee of the two Houses
termed a Committee on Reconstruction, and
investigated, day by day and week by week,
the situation of Tennessee. That honorable
Senator, and every other member of either
House who took part in the scrutiny, will re-
member the peculiar considerations, peculiar
in nothing so much as in time, which led the
committee lirst, and then Congress, to try, as
an experiment with Tennessee, the peculiar
legislation which began with a declaration that
she had a government, republican in form, and
was entitled to representation in the two
Houses of Congress. Should I trace that his-
tory and that legislation, it would reflect no
light upon tbe question before us now, because
here is the general rule and there was the
exception. Whether wisely made or not, the
exception is one upon which casuists and prac-
tical men alike differ now; but no such case is
before us.
The case of West Virginia has been spoken
of. Was Wpst Virginia a State which ever
went into insurrection? I am aware of the
inclusion of certain territory in a proclama-
tion of insurrection, but I ask the honorable
Senator from West Virginia [Mr. Willey]
did West^ Virginia, after being erected into a
State, join the procession of States which
marched to the music of the confederacy,
which passed ordinances of secession?
Mr. WILLEY. No, sir-; she marched to
an entirely different sort of music, both after
her erection into a State and before. No part
of West Virginia, with the exception of two
counties, after the creation of the State, ever
was in rebellion at all. What I suppose my
friend from Wisconsin alludes to was an act
placing the two additional counties, now in
controversy in the Supreme Court, upon the
same footing with the rest of the State, the
counties of Jefferson and Berkeley.
Mr. CONKLING. I could not have named
the counties, and I was not sure there were
but two; but, as I said to the Senate, I re-
membered the inclusion of certain territory in
a proclamation of insurrection, and that terri-
tory, which it turns out constituted two coun-
ties, became a portion of the State of West
Virginia ; but West Virginia never went into
insurrection.
In that respect, my honorable friend might
as well point me to his own State in illustra-
tion of this proposed legislation. No, sir; the
two counties which belonging to old Virginia
originally were added to new Virginia, bap-
tized West Virginia—of those might be pred-
icated the remark the honorable Senator
makes. Tennessee among Stales is the excep-
tion. Tennessee is the only exception ; and, I
repeat, Tennessee stood upon ground of her
own, peculiar not only in character, but still.
more peculiar in time. We stood then, as we
thought, upon an isthmus not wider than a
hair, between grim alternatives: and men of
wisdom thought, not to speak of differences in
committee or elsewhere, that it was well to
place Tennessee upon the footing on which she
was established at the time the declaration
entitling her to representation was made ; the
other legislation concerning her followed in
the wake and in the logic of her restoration.
This, then, Mr. President, as"I understand it,
is the first proposal of this kind, the first sug-
gestion by a general provision, bya drag-net to
be thrown all over the South, to bring in the
claims of everybody denominated in the pres-
ent tense "loyal persons," and put them upon
a footing with so many of the rest and residue
of the people of the country as have been
heard as claimants.
This is a great question, Mr. President. It
is a question, I beg to sayto thehonorable Sen-
ator from North Carolina, which has never
been discussed in this body since I have had the
honor of being a memberof it, never discussed
in all the bearings which belong to it, when
the proposition is made that all citizens loyal
now living in these States are to be heard for
all the losses they sustained from the trampling
down of their crops, from the devotion of their
crops to army uses, for the cutting down of
their forests, for the occupation of their houses,
for the consumption of their substance in the
maintenance of an army, and the progress of
a war.
This is a great question, giving rise to many
phases and many considerations. I have in
my mind now, as I have often had, one aspect
of the question which I should like to hear
discussed, and which never in my hearing has
been discussed in the Senate of the United
States. This is not the time to discuss it.
The period of the session is inappropriate;
the hour of the day is inconvenient and ill-
chosen ; it is not germane to this bill, and
this, like every other appropriation bill, "lags
superfluous on the stage," admonishing us
that unless we hug the line and stand by ap-
propriation bills proper, unincumbered with
provisions foreign to them, the sands of the
session will run out, and the people will look
upon a disbanded Congress, which allowed
its life to expire without giving to necessary
business measures that attention necessary to
secure their consummation.
More than that, Mr. President, all this is
unexpected, as well it might be. Suppose some
Senator had risen here and moved a bill for
the further government and tranquillity of the
turbulent districts or States of the South ?
Mr. WARNER. Will the Senator allow me
a question ?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. WARNER. Does the Senator not know
that this amendment has been printed and on
our tables for ten days; that it is printed as
"intended to be proposed" to this very bill?
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, in humil-
ity I confess to my honorable friend that I
did not know it. In the snow-storm of amend-
ments coming down on our desks daily relating
to everything in the heavens above, in the earth
beneath, and in the waters under the earth; I
confess, in sackcloth and ashes, appropriate to
the season, that it had escaped me that the
jaded ingenuity of anybody had proposed to
consider upon a bill like this such an amend-
ment. On the contrary, I had supposed that
those favoring a proposition of this sort in-
tended to present it as an independent meas-
ure, that they intended to present it when it
could be deliberately and fairly discussed upon
merits of its own. 1 do not mean to challenge
the right of the honorable Senator from Ark-
ansas to offer it or the propriety of his giving
notice of it. Far from it. I appreciate the
claims upon the Senator; the sentiment which
seeks utterance through him, and asks that he
should take the sense of the Senate when he
can, whether in season or out of season, upon
such a measure, and I assure the honorable
Senator that I have no complaint to make of
him for giving notice, as it seems he did, of his
ameudment, or seeking with diligence any
opportunity under the rules of the Senate to
offer it to our consideration.
Mr. McDONALD. Will the Senator allow
me a moment?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. McDONALD. I will state that three
weeks ago, about as near as I can recollect, I
presented a joint resolution exactly in the form
of this amendment. I tried to get that joint
resolution up at the time, and have it acted
on. The Senate then refused to hear me. I
told them that I would on the first opportun-
ity, or any opportunity when I had any hopes
of passing it, offer it to the Senate. It has
been now two years since different members
from southern States have tried to get some
action on this matter. Our people are tired
of our excuses; they will listen to us no longer
with respect. The suggestion of the Senator
from New York, that certain Senators are not
here who ought to be here, is no ground for
delay; but I believe that suggestion does
not hold good in this case. I believe about all
the Senators he alluded to, except his own
colleague, have been-in their seats since this
question came up.
Mr. CONKLING. Does my honorable friend
believe, had notice been given at half after four
o'clock, and come to the ears of all the mem-
befs of this body, that this amendment was to
be offered and considered finally to-night, that
twenty-two Senators, many of them from the
largest States—I mean now the largest in
res.pect of the taxes they pay—would have
been absent and allowed the vote to be taken,
they not being here ?
Mr. McDONALD. I will state that nearly
if not quite all the Senators he alludes to,
except his own colleague, have been here to-
night; that I tried during the afternoon to get
up the amendment, supposing the appropria-
tion bill would be passed during the afternoon;
and my belief was, that with a full Senate and
a fair vote a very large majority of the Senate
would be in favor of this proposition, and at the
time the roll was called to-night there were
some ten Senators in their seats who did not
answer to their names.
Mr. CONKLING. Then let me make this
inquiry : why does he, and why do his asso-
ciates, refuse every proposition made by the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
having the bill in charge, to let the whole bill
pass over informally, certain as it is to come
up again, and be voted upon at an hour of the
day when the Senate is full ?
Mr. McDONALD. I will answer. It was
my impression from my experience in the Sen-
ate for the last two years that all the delay
asked for was in order to defeat this measure.
I felt it my duty if possible to have a vote
upon it, believing that now was the proper
time. I did not think there was any fair
proposition made. I thought there were more
persons here at the time the vote was taken
than there have been at any time during the
day, and that is the reason why.
Mr. CONKLING. Does thehonorable Sen-
ator mean that he believes that the Appropri-
ation Committee will abandon the Army appro-
priation bill altogether and not have a vote
upon it at all ?
Mr. McDONALD. I believe they would to
defeat this measure.
Mr. SPENCliR. Will the Senator from New
York allow me to make a proposition?
Mr. CONKLING. I allow my friend to do
anything he wants to always.
Mr. SPRNCKR. The Senator is complain-
ing of a thin Senate. Will the Senator consent
to a vote on this proposition af twelve o'clock
to-morrow? ^ That will be notice.
Mr. CONKLING. I have 110 objection to
taking the_ vote at any proper hour to-morrow,
but I remind the Senator from Alabama that
to-morrow at twelve o'clock this bill will bo
the unfinished business if we adjourn upon it
