1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1187
of Ways and Means, ordered to be printed,
and ordered to be printed in the Globe.
The bill is as follows:
A bill to reduce the duty upon imported wool, and
for other purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That from and after the passage of this act, in
Jiea of the duties now imposed by law, there shall
be levied, collected, and paid on all unmanufac-
tured wool, hair of the Alpaca, goat, and other like
animals, imported from foreign countries, whether
washed, unwashed, or scoured, and whether im-
ported upon the skins or otherwise, a duty of three
cents per pound; and upon all woolen rags, shoddy,
mungo, waste, and flocks the duty shall be two cents
per pound.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That all provis-
ions of law which authorize the collection of duty
upon coal, salt, and lumber of all kinds be, and the
same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. ASPER obtained leave to have printed
in the Globe some remarks in reference to
the bill. [See Appendix.]
BRIDGE ACROSS THE MISSOURI RIVER.
Mr. ASPER also introduced a bill (Ef. R.
No. 3027) to repeal the proviso of the act to
amend an act entitled " An act authorizing
the construction of a bridge across the Mis-
souri river at Port Leavenworth, in Kansas
which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Railways and
Canals,, and ordered to be printed.
LAND GRANTS TO CORPORATIONS.
Mr. ASPER also presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Missouri, instructing
its Senators and requesting its Representa-
tives in Congress to vote against any further
appropriation of the public lands for the bene-
fit of corporations; which was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
homestead law.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, presented
a concurrent resolution of the Legislature
of the State of Missouri, in reference to an
amendment of the homestead law; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
RED RIYER VALLEY AND SANTA rf RAILROAD.
Mr. ROOTS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3028) to incorporate the Red River Valley,
Oklahoma, and Santa Fe Railroad Company;
which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Railways and
Canals, and ordered to be printed.
LIGHT-IIOUSE AT SOUTH HAVEN.
Mr. STOUGHTON introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 8029) to provide for a light-house at
South Haven, Michigan; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS OF THE war OF 1812.
Mr. FERRY presented concurrent resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Mich-
igan, urging the granting of pensions to the
surviving soldiers and widows of ^deceased
soldiers of the war of 1812; which were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
MAIL SERVICE IN TEXAS.
Mr. CONNER presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Texas, call-
ing attention to the great negligence and mis-
management which characterizes the mail ser-
vice in that State; which were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Tost Roads.
CREDITORS OF TEXAS.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, introduced a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 509) extending the time
within which the creditors of the late republic
of Texas may file their claims at the Treasury
Department; which wa3 read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
P. F. WILSON.
Mr, LOUGHRIDGE introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3030) for the relief of P. F. Wilson,
late receiver of public moneys at Omaha, Ne-
braska; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
ST. PAtJL AKD PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, introduced a
bill (EL R. No. 3031) authorizing the St. Paul
and Pacific railroad to change its line, in con-
sideration of a relinquishment of lands; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
JURIES IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. WOODWARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3032) to regulate the drawing and summon-
ingof juries in the circuitand district courts of
the United States ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. KELSEY. I call for the regular order
of business."
Mr. COX. I ask leave to introduce a bill
for reference.
Mr. KELSEY. I insist npon the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is called;
for. There are two motions pending to sus-
pend the rules. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Dickey,] on behalf of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, moves to suspend
the rules for the purpose of going into Com-
mittee of the Whole for the consideration of
the Army appropriation bill. Then the gentle-
man from Rhode Island. [Mr. Dixon,] chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, moves
that the rules be so suspended as to give to
the Committee on Commerce the session of
the House on Thursday evening next, after
seven and a half o'clock, to present reports for
the consideration of the House. The latter
motion takes precedence.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
Mr. VAN WYCK. As the proposition is
to assign an evening session, when usually but
few members are present, I would inquire if
the Committee on Commerce propose to report
on that occasion any subsidy bills for steam-
ship lines? I think it is due to the House
that the committee should intimate what busi-
ness they propose to present at that time. •
Mr. DICKEY. I object to debate.
The question was then taken on the motion
of Mr. Dixon, of Rhode Island; and upon a
division there were—ayes 81, noes 49; not
two thirds in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dixon, of
Rhode Island, and Mr. Van Wyck were ap-
pointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 86, noes 60.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. CONGER called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were seventeen in
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of
the last vote) the yeas and nays were not
ordered.
Accordingly (two thirds not voting in the
affirmative) the motion of Mr. Dixon, of
Rhode Island, to suspend the rules for the
purpose indicated by him, was not agreed to.
WASHINGTON AND NEW YORK RAILROAD.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to move that the
rules be suspended. I desire to state that the
air-line railroad bill is now in the morning
hour.
Mr. DICKEY. Is not my motion to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of going into
Committee of the Whole oil the Army appro-
priation bill now in order?
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules generally takes precedence of a motion
to suspend the rules for the purpose of going
into Committee of the Whole. The right to
make the latter motion is one given by the
rules, and is decided by a majority vote.
The former motion includes a suspension of
the rule which gives the right to make the
latter motion, and must be decided by a two-
thirds vote.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now move to so sus-
pend the rules as to take out of the morning
hour, for consideration at the present time in
the House, the bill (H. R. No. 2788) to author-
ize the building of a military and postal rail-
way from Washington, District of Columbia,
te the city of New York.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I ask that
the bill be now read.
Mr. MAYNARD. Can that be demanded
by any member as a matter of right ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has that
right; the Chair cannot take it from him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let the bill be read
before the vote is taken upon suspending the
rules.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to state that
I make this motion in the interest of the busi-
ness of the House and for the purpose of
facilitating it.
Mr. RANDALL. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I object to any
debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state,
for the information of members, thatafter Mon-
day next the rules will be suspendable at any
time until the end of the session. And the Chair
will uniformly give precedence to such gentle-
men as will not call for the yeas and nays on
their motions to suspend the rules should the
House on a vote by tellers not agree to a sus-
pension of the rules. It is but fair to the
remainder of the House that for the purpose
of economizing time the gentleman who will
consent to have his motion decided by tellers
shall have the preference over the gentleman
who will call for the yeas and nays to decide
his motion. The Chair makes this statement
publicly that members may not be unprepared.
Mr. RANDALL. The other side is not
bound by that.
The SPEAKER. Not at all; it has no bind-
ing force at all upon the other side. The Chair
understands that.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Can I not amend my
motion so as to include in the suspension of
the rules the one which gives the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] the right to
call for the reading of this bill at length?
Sfhe SPEAKER. Such a motion would
have been in order; but the gentleman did
not include that in his motion before the read-
ing of the bill was called for.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will withdraw my call
for the reading of the bill if the gentleman will
withdraw his motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am willing to do that,
and then I will renew it so as to cut olF tie
gentleman's right to insist upon the readisg
of the bill,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will not withdraw my
call under those circumstances.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then we will have a
literary treat.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes ; and of the gentle-
man's own composition. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. You will hear many names
of dead men among the list of incorporators.
Mr. INGERSOLL. And there may be many
more of them dead if the bill remains in the
morning hour much longer, [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The bill will now be read.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the
bill; but before concluding,
Mr. FARNSVVORTH moved that the rule
be suspended giving the right to any member
to call for the reading of the bill.
The question being on the motion of Mr.
Farxswoktii, there were—ayes 103, noes 54.
