362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
by inference, he admitted that if there had been
such a provision it would have been obnoxious
to censure. But, through the ingenuity of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. McCorjiick,]
the fact is developed that there is such a pro-
vision, though it is simply a part of the statute
law enacted by the Legislature.
Now, inasmuch as the gentleman left the
impression upon our minds that if there had
been such a provision it would have been a
very objectionable one, it certainly is asking
very little of him when we request him to say
whether he is prepared to defend that principle
as a part of the legislation of Arkansas. Sir, it
looks—I beg the gentleman's pardon for say-
ing so—it looks a little like a retreat on the
part of the gentleman from the position he
assumed in the outset of the controversy. It
seems to me the gentleman resorts to a mere
quibble—I use the word in no offensive sense
—in his attempt to answer the position of the
gentleman from Arkansas, who in his speech
denounced this feature of Arkansas legislation
which disfranchises a large portion of the best
citizens of the State on account of their polit-
ical opinions with respect to events which have
occurred since the close of the war, and which
have no reference whatever to their loyalty
during the progress of the war. Sir, I de-
nounce all such legislation as infamous ; and I
denounce all men everywhere (I mean outside
of this Hall of course) who undertake to defend
such legislation. If they are Union men they
are bogus Union men, and not the real friends
of the Union as it was formed by the fathers
of the Republic.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask my friend from
Indiana to allow me to ask him a question.
Mr. NIBLACK. I have the possession of
the floor only by the consent of the gentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. My colleague does then
not object?
Mr. NIBLACK. I will yield with a great
deal of pleasure to hear the question of the
gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does he think that the
taking of an oath to support the Constitution
of the United States and then engaging in the
rebellion agaiust the United States is, or is
not, perjury?
Mr._ NIBLACK. From my stand-point I
think it is a high crime.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman think
that a man who has committed that crime, and
who has given no indication of relenting or
repenting for having committed it, should be
permitted to take charge of the United States
Government or engage in managing it, either
by himself or by his elected Representative?
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, we have a
law which disfranchises the people who were
engaged in the rebellion as a part of their
punishment.
_Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from In-
diana asked my colleague for a categorical
answer, and I beg that he will give a cate-
gorical answer to that question, yea or nay.
Mr. NIBLACK. I say that I am not in
favor of any perpetual disfranchisement for
any crime, which allows a man at the same
time to enjoy the privilege of a citizen. At the
present time, sir, I am in favor of removing
all political disabilities with reference to a
man's antecedents or any political offense that
he may have committed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that the
gentleman from Indiana has been very de-
sirous of getting categorical answers to his
questions, and I hope, therefore, that he will
answer my question categorically, yea or nay—
that is, if the question is not disagreeable to
him, and if it is I will not press it.
Mr. NIBLACK. There is nothing about
the gentleman's question that is disagreeable
to me.
Mr. STEVENSON. It is the answer you
object to. [Laughter.]
Mr. FERRISS rose.
Mr. NIBLACK. Let me go on. I do not
appear here to-day for the purpose of going
into a defense of anybody who has violated
the law, I do not care in what respect. I
have only taken the position which I have
assumed in the remarks I have made; for this
simple reason, that as a matter of public policy
all Governments have found this question of
disfranchisement to be a source of constant
irritation in the end. As a matter of public
policy then, leaving behind all the troubles
which have arisen out of this controversy, I
am in favor of universal amnesty; that is, I
am in favor of removing all disabilities which
have been imposed on all persons on account
of any political crimes which they are sup-
posed to have committed.
Mr. FERRISS. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to yield to me.
Mr. NIBLACK. Not just now.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I thought the
gentleman from Indiana had declined to make
his speech to-day.
Mr. NIBLACK. I will answer the gentle-
man. Mr. Speaker, I will just as soon trust
the class of men to whom the gentleman from
Tennessee has referred for the preservation of
the liberties of the country, and for the per-
petuity of the Constitution and the Govern-
ment ; I will just as soon trust them as Union
men, all other things being equal; as the class
of men who engaged in or who defend this
Arkansas legislation. ■ I think in the minds of
all liberal men we can just as safely trust them
as the others, because, while it is not the same
kind of offenses, it is simply the other side of
the picture, and they are the men who seek, if
they did not originally bring the whole trouble
on, to perpetuate the existence of this constant
irritation in our midst.
Mr. FERRISS. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Smith] yield to me a moment?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. FERRISS. The discussion, Mr. Speaker,
has wandered very far from the original ques-
tion. I was very much surprised to hear, in
my sea*, the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
Rogers] say that the constitution of that State
contained a provision excluding from the elect-
ive franchise any man* who voted against its
adoption, and I remarked to a gentleman near
me that there must be some mistake about
that, that no such constitution as that could
have been adopted by any State in the United
States. It seems, Mr. Speaker, that that con-
stitution contains no provision of the kind.
But there is a statute law to which a construc-
tion has been given, to my mind entirely erro-
neous. Gentlemen upon the other side of the
House have asked if we can defend that stat-
ute, which simply provides that if any man
who had taken an oath to support the Consti-
tution of the United States, or had given a
bond of loyalty to the United States, proposed
to register as a voter, and could not prove, and
did not prove that he had maintained his loy-
alty, and kept inviolate the bond he had given,
he should be excluded from the registry.
They ask us if we are prepared to stand by
such a law, or by the principles of such a law.
I think the question was put by the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. McCormick.] I say I am
prepared to stand by the principles of that law.
I hold that any man who had taken an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States
during the trying hour of this Republic's ex-
istence, when armed rebellion was knocking
even at the doors of this Capitol, and who
failed to keep his oath; I say, sir, that such
a man should be forever excluded from the
exercise of the elective franchise. I do not
consider it a very stringent provision of law.
Even if such a provision had been incorpor-
ated into a constitution, that a man who had
lifted his hand against the flag of his country
should be forever debarred from the exercise
of the elective franchise, and if there were no
provision in the constitution for the removal
of his disabilities, I say I should stand by the
principles of such a law and such a constitu-
tion.
One word further and then I have done
with this subject. The only part of the pro-
vision which to my mind is open to debate
is, that instead of the ordinary mode adopted
in those cases, the burden of proof of his loy-
alty is thrown upon the party offering his vote.
The exclusion is from the right to exercise the
elective franchise, or in other words, from the
registry. It is provided in the law that if the
person who had taken the oath to support the
Constitution of the United States had voted for
the adoption of the constitution of the State,
or if he could show that he had sustained the
reconstruction measures of Congress, then he
had a right to register. Those are simply evi-
dences of loyalty—that the man had voted for
the constitution or stood by the reconstruction
measures of Congress. It is not, as was stated
by the gentleman from Arkansas—it is not in
the constitution, or even in the law, that the
man who had voted against the constitution
was disfranchised. Nothing of the kind. To
say so is to put a wrong construction on the
law, and to leave a wrong impression; and ic
was simply to correct that that I rose at this
time.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I wish to
ask the gentleman from New York [Mr. Fer-
riss] a question.
Mr. FERRISS. Very well.
Mr.^ McCORMICK,_ of Missouri. I wish to
know if the gentleman indorses the latter clause
of the eleventh section of the law, which pro-
vides that persons who did not vote or use their
influence for the adoption of the constitution
of the State of Arkansas should be disfran-
chised.
Mr. FERRISS. It does not say any such
thing. There is the trouble.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I beg the
gentleman's pardon.
Mr. FERRISS. Itsimply provides that men
who voted for that constitution may be regis-
tered ; that is the implication.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. And that
those who did not vote for it should not be
registered.
Mr. FERRISS. Oh, no, not at all; nothing
of the kind.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Will the
gentleman allow me to read it again ?
Mr. FERRISS. Why, certainly; you may
read it a dozen times.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. It reads,
"that no person shall be registered" 
Mr. FERRISS. Who has taken the oath to
support the Constitution of the United States,
or given bond of loyalty unless be proves that
he has kept it, or unless he has voted for the
Constitution.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. The pro-
vision is, "unless he shall show by satisfactory
evidence" that he sustained the reconstruction
measures of Congress and voted for the con-
stitution.
Mr. FERRISS. "Or voted," is it not?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Yes ; " or
voted" for the constitution.
Mr. FERRISS. That is a part of the proof.
If he voted for the constitution of Arkansas
he can be registered.
_ Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. And if he
did not vote for it he is then disfranchised.
Mr. FERRISS. Oh, no.
Mr. STEVENSON. If he broke his oath
or bond, and did not vote for the constitution,
then he is disqualified.
Mr. SARGENT. If he broke his oath, and
afterward showed his repentance by this evi-
dence, then he could vote.
Mr. NIBLACK. I want, before we con*
elude this debate, to express my gratiiieation
at the great light that has been thrown on the
