1188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the motion was not agreed to.
The bill was read.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen
tie man from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] is that
the rules be suspended, so that the bill just
read may be taken out of the morning hour
of Monday and brought before the House for
consideration.
The question being put,
The SPEAKER said: In the opinion of
the Ghair, two thirds have not voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. INGERSOLL. T call for the yeas and
nays. We may as well settle this question
to day as at any other time, so that hereafter
the business of the morning hour on Monday
may be unobstructed.
'J he yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 112, nays 75, not voting 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Asper, Atwood,
Ayer, Barry, Beoman, Beatty, Bennett, Bethune.
Bingham, Blair, Boles, Boyd, George SI. Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Burchard.Burdett, Roderick R.But-
ler, Cessna, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cowles,
Culiom, Degener, Nathan F. Dixon, Dockery, Duval,
•Dyer, El a, i'aniswortb, Fcrriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg,
Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Hamilton, Harris, Hawley,
Hay, Hays, Hoar, 1-loge, Holmes, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Kelsey, Lash, Lawrence,
Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy,
McCrary, McGrew, McKee, McKenzie, Mercur, Jesse
II. Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P.
Morrill, Morrissey, Orth, Packard, IJalbert E. Paine,
Palmer, Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Pomeroy, Por-
ter, Potter, Prosser, Rainey, Sanford, Sawyer. Sco-
field, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. Smith,
William J.Smith.Starkwoather, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman, Town-
send, Tyner, Upson, Wallace, Ward, Welker, Wells,
Whitmore, Wilkinson, Williams. John T. Wilson,
and Witcher—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Beck, Bird,
Booker, Jaines^ Brooks, Buffinton, Burr, Benjamin
1. Butler, Calkin, Churchill, Cox, Dickinson, l>uke,
Eldridge, Pox, Gctz, Gibson, Gilfillan, Griswold,
Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton, Hamill, Hawkins.
Hill, Holraan, Hooper, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones,
J\elley. Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Laflin. Lewis,
Manning, Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, MeNeely,
ISliakim H. Moore, Morgan, Myers, Negley, Niblack,
0 Neill, William W. Paine.Poland, Price, Randall,
Rice, Rogers, Sargent, Shober, Slocum, Joseph S.
femith, Worthington 0. Smith, Stevens, Stiles, Stone,
Strader, Swann, Taylor, Trimble, Twichell. Van
Auken, Van Trump, Van "Wyck, Voorhees, "VYil-
lard, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and
Young—75.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arnell,
Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Barnura. Benjamin, Benton,
Biggs, Bowen, Cake, Cleveland, Conner, Cook, Cor-
ker, Crebs, Darrall, Dawes, Dickey, Joseph Dixon,
Donley, Dox, Haight, Heflin, Hotchkiss, Julian,
Knapp, Knott, Long, Milnes, Wil liam Moore, Morey,
Mungen, Newsham, Packer, Piatt, Reeves, Roots,
Schumaker, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Stevenson,
bweeney, Sypher, Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Whiteley,
Winans, Wolf, and Woodward—53. y
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
Mr. Ingersoll's motion to suspend the rules
was not agreed to.
During the roll call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. BURR. My colleague, Mr. Crebs, who
is absent on account of sickness, would, if he
were here, vote "no."
Mr. ROOTS. On this question I am paired
with the gentleman from Delaware, Mr. Biggs,
who, if here, would vote " no," while I should
vote in the affirmative.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated;
message from tiie president.
A message in writing, from the President of
the United States, waa presented by Mr. iloit-
ace.Poktkk, one of his secretaries, who also
announced that the President had approved
and signed a bill of the following title:
An act (H. II. No. 2914) making an appro-
priation for the contingent fund of the House
of Representatives.
steamer tennessee.
Mr.SARGENT._ I ask unanimous consent
that a communication from the Secretary of
the Navy, relating to the steamer Tennessee,
may be reads
There being no objection, the Clerk read as
follows :
Navy Department,
Washington, February 11,1871.
My Dear Sir: In reply to your note in regard to
the lennessee, and to quiet as far as may be the ap-
prehensionswhich have been excited as tohersafety,
I beg to say that the Tennessee sailed from New
York harbor at about four o'clock on the afternoon
of Tuesday, the 17th of January, on a voyage which
had for its ultimate destination the city of San
Domingo. That at the time of her departure the
commission (to whom that matter was left) had not
decided whether they would proceed directly to San
Domingo city, or first visit Samana bay, or some other
port on thenorthern coast of the Dominican republic.
That if she proceeded directly to San Domingo city
that voyage would, at her ordinary rate of speed
under steam, consume from eight to ten days, which
period would, of course, be increased if she stopped
at any other port by the time spent there. That no
advices have been received from San Domingo city,
or any other port to which the Tennessee would be
likely to go, since the time of her departure from
New York. That there are at this season of the
year no known lines of ordinary and regular com-
munication from San Domingo city (or any other port
in San Domingo) to any place from which we could,
since the time the Tennessee was due at her destina-
tion, have received telegraphic or other advices of
her arrival or non-arrival. That no extraordinary
means of communication were provided, and none
are likely to have been employed except in case of
disaster. Thatsinceshe crossed the Gulfstream, prob-
ably about the latitude 36° north, she would be out
of the track of vessels bound for our ports: and that
it her voyage is successful we cannot expect advices
from her. except accidentally, until the return of
the Tybee, which makes the only regular line of
communication, and which will be due in New York
in about ten days.
The Tennessee, anew ship of nearly three thou-
sand tons burden, carefully and strongly built, is
larger than any ship of the squadron cruising in the
West Indies, and is as staunch and seaworthy as
any ship of our Navy. Launched since the close of
the war. she was found perfectly seaworthy in a long
and boisterous trial trip; and she has been during
the past year put in complete order and repair.
Her engines and steam machinery are of the Erics-
son pattern, and were in good condition, and pro-
nounced satisfactory by the officers in charge. She
has also full sail power, and would be perfectly able
to take care of herself, and make her voyage, should
any accident happen to her machinery, though in
that event it would, of course, consume more time.
She is commanded by a careful and experienced
officer, has a full complement of officers and men,
and is completely found, provisioned, and equipped.
She carries ten boats, among which is a large steam
launch. We have heard of no bad weather in the
latitudes where she would be likely to be. and her
route did not take her at any such distance from the
ports of our own coast and of the West India islands,
that,in case of serious accident, the survivors of any
but a most extraordinary disaster would not most
likely have been heard from.
The steamer Tybee left New York on the 1st of
February, sailing in the track of the Tennessee; and,
at her usual rate, wouldhave arrived at San Domingo
on the 8th; and in caseof any disaster to the Tennes-
see on her way, or of her non-arrival at some port
of the Dominican republic by that date, the news
would most likely have been carried by one of our
own cruisers, or by the extraordinary means which
would in that case only have beeu employed, to
Jamaica, whence we might by this time have heard
by telegraph.
Thus, it seems to me that there is no greater cause
for anxiety concerning the Tennessee than for any
other ship of our Navy on the ocean; that the ab-
sence of advices is by no means evidence of disaster,
but will henceforth, and till we finally hear by the
regular means, be each day stronger assurance of a
sate and successful voyage, and that suggestions of
her Joss, made without information and maintained
without cause, are as weak as they are cruel.
Very respectfully,
GEO. M. ROBESON,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. Aaron A. Sargent, House of Representatives.
navigation ob1 tiie ohio 1UVER.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Commerce
a joint resolution to prevent obstructions to
the navigation of the Ohio river. This sub-
ject has been carefully considered and reported
upon by a board of engineers appointed by the
War Department.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. Imovetosuspend therules,
to enable me to report the joint resolution at
the present time.
On motion there were—ayes 88, noes 51.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Dickey were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 78, noes 61.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The House divided; and there were—-ayes
18, noes'83.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holmah and
Mr. Dickey were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
So (one fifth of those present having voted
in the affirmative) the yeas and Bays were
ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN asked that the joint resolu-
tion be read.
The Cleik read as follows:
Joint resolution to prevent obstructions to thenavi-
gation of the Ohio river.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Conffress assem-
bled, That it shall be unlawful for the Newport and
Cincinnati Bridge Company, or any other company
or person, to proceed in the erection of the bridge
now being constructed over the Ohio river from the
city of Cincinnati, Ohio, to the city of Newport,
Kentucky, unless the bridge shall be so constructed
that the channel span shall have under said span
a clear headway, at low water, of ninety feet below
the floor beams suspended from the bottom of the
posts.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 113, nays 76, not voting
51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Beaman,
Beatty, Bethune, Bingham, Blair, Boles, George M.
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buflinton, Burchard, Bur-
dett, Roderick R. Butler. Calkin, Churchill, Wil-
liam T.'Clark, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Con-
ner, Cox, Degener, Nathan P.Dixon, Dockery, Bon-
ley, Duke. Duval, Dyer, Ela, Ferriss, Finkelnburg,
Garfield, Gibson, Griswold, Hale, Hamilton, Harris,
Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Hoar, Hoge, Holman,
Holmes, Jenckes, Keisey, Kerr, Lawrence, Lewis,
Loughridge, Marshall, Mayham, McCarthy, McCor-
mick. McCrary, McGrew, McKee, MeNeely, Elia-
kim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, Morey, Morrissey,
NegIey.Nibl.ick, Orth, Packard, Hal bert E. Paine,
Peck, Perce, Phelps, Piatt. Poland, Porter, Potter,
Prosser, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sanford, Sawyer,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Slocum, John A. Smith,
Joseph S.Smith, William J. Smith, Starkweather.
Stevenson, Stokes. St®ughton, Strickland, Strong,
Sypher, Tanner, Taylor. Tillman. Tyner, Upson,
Voorhees, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wei-'
ker. Wells, Whiteley, Whitmore, Williams. Eugene
M. Wilson, John T. Wilson. Witcher, and Wolf—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Allison, Ames, Armstrong,
Beck, Benjamin, Bird. Boyd, Benjamin P. Buller,
Cessna, Sidney Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook,
Cowles, Dickey, Dickinson, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Fisher, Fiteh, Fox, Getz, Haldeman, Hambleton,
Hamill, Hill, Hooper, Ingersoll, Johnson, Thomas
L. Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham, Laflin,
Lash.Maynard, McKenzie, Meicur, William Moore,
Morgan, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Myers. O'Neill, William W. Paine, Palmer,
Peters, Pomeroy, Price, Rainey, Randall. Porter
Sheldon, Sherrod, Shober, Worthington C. Smith,
Stevens, Stiles, Stone, Strader, Swann, T.iffe,
lownsend, Trimble, Twichell, Van Auken, Van
Trump, Van Wyck. Wallace, Wheeler, Willard,
Winchester. Wood, Woodward, and Young—76.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arnell,
Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Baruum, Barry, Bennett,
Benton, Biggs, Booker, Bowen. James Brooks,
Burr. Cake, Cleveland, Corker. Crebs, Culiom. Dar-
rall, Dawes, Joseph Dixon, Dox, Feny, Gilfillan
Haight, Hays, Heflin, Hotchkiss, Alexander H
Jones, Julian, Knapp. Knott, Logan, Long, Lynch
Manning, Milnes, Mungon, Newsham, Packer,
Roots, Sargent, Schumaker, ScofleM, Sweeney, Van
Horn, William B. Washburn, Wilkinson, and
Winans—ol.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the House refused to suspend the rules
tor the purpose indicated.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. PERCE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 1829) granting pensions
to certain soldiers and sailors of the war of
1812, and the widows of deceased soldiers ; and
An act (H. li. No. 2911) to provide for
taking testimony before the Departments.
session tuesday kvening.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
that to-morrow evening a session shall be held
tor general debate only. I do this in behalf
of^several gentlemen wherwish to he heard.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
