1800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to nnderstand it.
If the question is whether we will take the
vote on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Arkansas, ['"That is it I" j but not (he
voteon the bill, [" Yery well!"]—that the vote
glial 1 be taken on the amendment at twelve
o'clock, as for as I am concerned I shall cheer-
fully consent. But if the proposition is that
we take the vote on the bill at twelve o'clock
lo-morrow, ihen I want some further informa-
tion before I agree to it.
Mr. M Oil HILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask whether that is to exclude the amendment
of which I gave notice?
Mr. SHERMAN. It would include any
kindred proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Including
the amendment of the Senator from Arkansas
[Mr. McDonald] and the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sheumax,] the pro-
position is- that the vote be taken on them
to-morrow at twelve o'clock without debate.
Mr. CONKLING. And any other amend-
ment that anybody chooses to offer, without
debate.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland.- All amend-
ments in reference to this particular subject?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes.
Mr. SAULSBURY. That does not include
the vote on the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. No.
The PRESIDING OFFICES. It .does
not include the vote on the bill. The Chair
will state the question. Is the proposition of
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] ac-
cepted bv unanimous consent? ["Yes!"]
Mr. THURMAN. Let us have a distinct
understanding, if that is necessary. The prop-
osition is that the vote upon the amendment
offered by the Senator ftom Arkansas, and
upon any amendment to that amendment, shall
be taken at twelve o'clock to-morrow without
debate, ["Certainly!"] but not. the question
on any other amendment to the bill, nor upon
the bill itself. Am I right in that? ["Right!"]
Then I am willing to agree to it.
Mr. COLE. Then we cannot get through
the bill to-night. 1 do not 6ee that we gain
anything.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sdeumax] to include the amendment of the
Senator Irom Arkansas and all amendments
relating to that subject, but not other amend-
ments nor the main question on the bill. Is
there objection to that? The Chair hears no
objection, and it is agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on my motion
that, the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at eleven
o'clock and six minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 1, 1871.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Praver by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
correction of this journal.
Mr. BE AM AN. I rise to a question of
privilege. 1 observe by the reading of the
Journal that the motion does not appear by
which the motion to reconsider was laid upon
the table by which the House non concurred
in the amendments of the Senate to the Post
Office appropriation bill, and asked for a com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses. I therefore ask that the
Journal be corrected.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the committee
of confi rence was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
proceedings as they are reported in the Globe.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mr.BEAJUSi, I movethat the House non-concur
in the amendments of the Senate to the Post Office
appropriation bill, and ask for a committeo of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes thereon.
" The motion was agreed to. t .
"Mr. beaman moved to reconsider the vote just
taken; and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the tnble.
" The latter motion was agreed to."
The SPEAKER. The Journal does not con-
tain the record of the motion to lay upon the
table the motion to reconsider, although the
Globe is quite correct as a matter of fact as the
Chair remembers putting the question.
Mr. BEAMAN. Some of the members
of the House have stated to me that they are
anxious to submit to the House the question
on the last amendment of the Senate.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regularorder
of bnsiness.
The SPEAKER. The regularorder of busi-
ness is the correction of the Journal.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
Mr. BEAMAN. I am willing to accom-
modate the disposition of the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not wish
to instruct the committee of conference. We
wanta free conference. I hope, therefore, gen-
tlemen will let us have a vote in the House on
the last Senate amendment.
The SPEAKER. That is not the question
before the House. The question is, whether
the Journal shall be made to conform to what
the Globe states was the actual transaction of
the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. Why should it not be
done? I hope the Journal will be corrected.
Mr. STEVENSON". I wish to make one
remark.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will be heard.
Mr. STEVENSON. This proceeding had
yesterday was not heard. It was not one of
those public proceedings which have the con-
sideration of the House. I had been called
out of my seat by a constituent. There is an
amendment to that bill which embodies a
proposition to protect the navigation of the
Ohio river, introduced by myself, and it would
have been but common courtesy that the House
should have had the opportunity to express
an opinion upon this important measure.
Mr. O'NEILL. Why so? There are various
propositions in this bill, and why should the
House express its opinion upon this more
particularly than on the other Post Office
appropriations.
The SPEAKER. It is a question for a
majority of the House to determine.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the Journal
be corrected.
The SPEAKER. It is merely a question
of fact. The Journal does not contain the
record of what appears in the Globe and what
the gentleman from'Michigan [Mr. Beaman]
states was the action upon bis motion. After
the Journal is read, if any business is trans-
acted, then it cannot afterward be corrected
or amended. The gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Beamax,] exercising the highest privi-
lege known to the House, has risen and made
this statement. It is for the majority of the
Hou^e to determine whether the record on the
Journal shall he amended.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the correc-
tion be made in accordance with the notice in
the Globe.
Mr. BEAMAN. And with the fact. I have
made that motion myself.
A Member. What is the amendment about?
Mr. O'NEILL. It. is putting the Cincinnati
and Newport railway bridge on the Post Office
appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. And it is proposed to
deprive this House of the privilege of passing
its judgment, upon that question.
The question being put on ordering the
Journal to be corrected, there were—ayes 76,
noes 26; no quorum voting.
The Chair, under the rule, appointed tell-
ers ; and Mr. Stevenson and Mr. Beaman were
appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes eighty-one, noes not counted.
So the correction was ordered to be made.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CESSNA. I rise to make a privileged
report from the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. There is a question pend-
ing which comes over as unfinished business
from yesterday, on.the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 1582) author-
izing terms of the United States district court
to be held at Helena, Arkansas, and for other
purposes, in which the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Kerr] moves that the House con-
cur, with an amendment.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sox, one of its clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed the following concur-
rent resolution, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested:
fiesolved bp the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That the sixteenth and seven-
teenth joint rules of the two Houses be suspended
for the residue of the session.
The message further announced that the
Senate bad passed a bill and joint resolution
of the following titles, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 1204) to authorize the restor-
ation of James Belger to the rank of major
and quartermaster in the Army ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 313) authoriz-
ing the nomination and appointment to the
retired list of the Navy of certain volunteer
officers on the active list of the Navy who aro
disabled in consequence of wounds received
during the late war.
The message further announced that the
Seriate had passed, without amendment, a bill
of the House of the following title :
A bill (H. R. No. 8055) to enable the Jack-
son, Lansing, and Saginaw Railroad Company
to change the northern terminus of its road
from Traverse bay to the straits of Mackinaw,
and for other purposes.
suspension op roles.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will call up as
a privileged question the concurrent resolution
of the Senate which has just been communi-
cated, in regard to suspending the sixteenth
and seventeenth joint rules. The Clerk will
read the message of the Senate.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved by the Sen<ttt>, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) Tmit the sixteenth and seven-
teenth joint rules of the two Houses be suspended
for the residue of the session.
The SPEAKER. The sixteenth and seven-
teenth joint rules will now be read.
The Cle.k read as follows :
"16.—No bill that slnil] have passed one House
shall be sent, for'concurrence to the other on either
of the three last days of the session.
"17.—No bill or resolution that shall have passed
the House of Representatives and the Senate shall
be presented to the Pre.-.hfptit of the United States
for his approbation on the last day of the session."
The SPEAKER. The Chair uops not know
why these rules exist except for the purpose
of having them suspended every session.
[Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. Iobjectto the suspension
of those rules. We have plenty of bills t.o con-
sider that ha veal ready passed oneof the Houses.
The bPBAKER. The gentleman lr..s a
right to object: but unless a majority of the
House concur with him his objection amounts
to nothing.
Mr. BECK. Is the motion divisible?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as it comes
from the Senate. It requires only a majority
vote to suspend these rules.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 107, noes 34.
So the resolution of the Senate was con-
curred in, and tho sixteenth and seventeenth
rules were suspended for the rest of the session.
