- ' ■
1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
united states district court in arkansas.
The House resumed the consideration of
the Senate amendments to the bill (FL R. No.
1582) authorizing terms of United States dis-
trict court to be held at Helena, Arkansas, and
for other purposes, which were pending when
the House adjourned yesterday.
The amendments of the Senate were read
as follows:
On page 1, in line two, strike out the words " east-
ern and western."
On page 1, in lines three and four, strike out the
words "scat of government of" and insert "Van
Buren, in."
On pnge 2, in lino twelve, after the word "held"
insert " at Hoieitn."
At the end of the bill add the following:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the coun-
ties of Phillip?, Crittenden, Mississippi, Craighead,
Greene, Randolph. Lawrence, Sharp, Poiusett, Cross,
St, Francis, Monroe, Woodruff, Jackson, Independ-
ence, Izzard, Marion, Fulton, and Boone, in said
State, shnil hereafter be deemed and be a part of
the western district of Arkansas; and there shall
be appointed by the Piesident of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
a district judge for the western district aforesaid,
who shall, from and after the time of his appoint-
ment, hold the termsof court at thetimes and places
required by law. Said district judge shall bo paid
the same salary and in the same manner as the j udge
ol the eastern district of said State; and the terms
of court now required to be held at Van Buren shall
hereafter be held at Fort Smith, in said district.
Sec. 6. And be it jurther enacted, That so much
of an act entitled "An act to divide the district
of Arkansas into two jud cial districts," approved
March 3,1851, as gives the judge of the district of
Arkansas jurisdiction over the western district of
said State, and all laws inconsistent herewith, are
repealed.
The SPEAKER stated that the pending
question was upon the amendment offered by
Mr. Kerr yesterday; which was as follows :
Amend section one of the Sena'e amendment by
adding "and the present district judge of the said
State shall be and remain the district judge of the
United States for the eastern district thereof, as if
originally appointed thereto." ,
Mr. HOIjMAN. 1 believe when the House
adjourned yesterday there was a motion pend-
ing to lay the biil on the table. The Ilouse
were dividing, and the Chair had ordered
tol 1 ers
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will order
tellers now.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Kerii and
Mr. Holmak were appointed.
Mr. MAYNAKD. Will the Chair have the
goodness to explain to (he House the legis-
lative attitude in which this bill stands?
The SPEAKER. The bill came back from
the Senate with amendments, and the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] has offered an
amendment to the amendments of the Senate.
The question is upon the motion to lay the bill
on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the Chair have the
goodness to explain to the House what action
is proposed by the gentleman from Indiana
[.Mr. Kerr] in behalt of the Committee on the
Judiciary ?
Mr. KERR. It is simply to declare that
the present district judge of Arkansas shall
remain district judge for the eastern district
of that Slate, and that the new judge to be
appointed shall be for the western district.
Mr. HOLMAN. The effect is simply to give
Arkansas two district judges when one is amply
sufficient. Tliatis maniiest.
1 he SPEAKER. The Chair doesnotundcr-
stand ihat it is the duty of'the tellers to debate
the bill. It is their duty to count the votes.
[Laughter.]
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes '22, noes 102.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon
the table.
The amendment offered by Mr. Kerr was
then agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
amendments of the Senate, as amended ; and
being put, there were—ayes 82, noes 19; no
quorum voting.
Mr. ROOTS. I hope the gentleman from
lr.diana [Mr. IIolman] will not insist on a
further division, which will take up the time
of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Well, it is manifest that
this bill ought not fo pass ; however, I will not
insist on a further division.
Mr. KERB. I object to debate. It is mani-
fest that the bill ought to pass.
No further division being demanded, the
amendments of the Senate, as amended, were
concurred in.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
committees oj conference.
The SPEAKER appointed the following as
members of the committee of conference on
the part of the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. 11. No. 2579) making
appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department for the year ending June
30, 1872: Mr. Beaman, Mr. Farnsworth, and
Mr. Dickey. v
The SPEAKER also appointed the follow-
ing committee of conference on the part of
the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the amendment of the House
to the bill (S. No. G47) to incorporate the
Texas Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid
in the construction of its road, and for other
purposes: Mr. Wheeler, Mr. Logan, and
Mr. Sherrod.
member at large from tennessee.
Mr. CESSNA. I rise to make a privileged
report from the Committee of Elections.
The report, which was read, states that the
application and credentials of John B. Rod-
gers, foraseatintheForty-FirstCongress from
the State of Tennessee, for the State at large,
were referred to the Committee of Elections,
who have examined the same, and are of opin-
ion that there was no law of Congress author-
izing his admission ; that by a majority of one
the committee, in April, 1869, reported to the
House ia favor of the passage of an act allow-
ing to the State of Tennessee one additional
member, to be chosen from the State at large,
that action to be followed by the admission of
Mr. Rodgers to a seat, which report was never
considered by the House. The report further
states that Tennessee claimed that by reasou
of a surplus population, as shown by thecensus
of 18G0, and of the defective manner in which
said census was taken, and of the manumis-
sion of her slaves, she was entitled to one
additional Representative in Congress, and
her Legislature authorized the election of
such additional member; that in pursuance
of this action of the State of Tennessee John
B. Rodgers was elected and received ere
dentials from the Governor, and has been in
attendance since the 4th of March, 1869, urging
his claim for admission to a seat in this House.
Under the circumstances of the case, the com-
mittee are of opinion that he should receive a
reasonable compensation, and report the fol-
lowing resolutions:
Resolved, That there be paid to John B. Rodeers, of
Tennessee, out of the contingent fund of the House,
the sum ot £2,500, in-full of Mi demands for expenses
and services in asserting and endeavoring to enforce
ins claim to a seat as a member of this House from
the State of Tennessee for the State at large.
Itemlved, That the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of thesubject.
Mr. CESSNA. I call the previous question
on adopting the resolutions reported from the
Committee of Elections.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolutions were adopted.
Mr. CESSNA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAX os insurance companies.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee of Ways
and Means for consideration at this time Sen-
ate bill No. 1134, relating to internal taxes.
The bill, which was read, provides that from
and after the passage of this act no tax shall be
imposed upon any undistributable sum added
to the contingent fund of any lire, marine, in-
land, life, health, accident, or like insurance
company, nor upon any unearned premium or
premiums received for risks assumed by such
companies, nor shall any tax be hereafter col-
lected which may have been assessed, or which
shall have become liable to be assessed, upon
such sums, fund, or premiums prior to the
passage of this act.
Mr. ALLISON. This bill is merely to cor-
rect an informality in the existing law, and to
meet the construction of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, and I trust there.will be no
objection to it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
I must object.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not think the gentle-
man will object if he understands the purport
of this bill. It is to relieve insurance compa-
nies from a construction of the law made at
the office of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, requiring a tax to be paid upon the
surplus funds not subject to distribution, but
reserved for the payment of losses. For seven
years this construction was not considered to
be the law, and on July last a bill passed both
Houses relieving them from this tax. But
by the verbal phraseology of the bill of July
14, 1870, it was reenacted. The Senate have
again passed a bill relieving these insurance
companies from this tax upon undistributed
funds. As the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] knows, these companies already
pay a tax ot' one and a half per cent, on their
gross receipts, and an income tax upon divi-
dends. They must keep on hand a large reserve
fund, not for the purpose of paying dividends,
but to meet losses. The construction of the
law now requires that they shall pay five per
cent, upon these reserved funds ; that is man-
ifestly unjust, as it amounts to a tax of six and
a half per cent, upon their gross receipts.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay of contestant.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Elections,
reported the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That Hon. Benjamin Ewleston, having
contested the seat of Hon. Peter W. Strader, as
a Representative in this Ilouse from the first con-
gressional district of the State of Ohio, io eood faith
and with probable cause, there shall be paid to him
out of the contingent fund of the House of Repre-
sentatives the sum of £3,000, in full for his expenses
in such contest.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved thai the motion to recousiderbe laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
apportionment of representatives.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is called
for; and the gentleman trom Pennsylvania
[Mr. Mercur] is on the floor upon a motion
to reconsider the vote whereby the apportion-
ment bill was recommitted to the Committee
on th  Judiciary.
Mr. MERCUR. I call up the motion to re-
consider the vote whereby the bill (II. R. No.
2687) for the apportionment of Representatives
to Congress from the several States, according
