1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
whole franchise question. I think the coun-
try will be edified by it.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I now yield to
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Porter] for
a few minutes.
Mr. POUTER. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
add a few words to what has been so well said
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fer-
r.rss.] It was stated this morning by the gen-
tleman from Arkansas [Mr. Rogers] that the
constitution of that State disfranchised all per-
sons who would otherwise be voters, if they
voted against the adoption of the State consti-
tution. The constitution has since been pro-
duced, and upon inspection it is found that
there is no such provision in it.
Then the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
McCokmick] asserted that this provision,
though not 111 the constitution, is in a statute
law of the State. Now, if the provision in the
statute be substantially the same as the one
which it was charged formed a part of the con-
stitution, then their point is made out; for it
matters not where the provision is found,
whether in the constitution or in the laws, so
far as this particular question is concerned.
Now, sir, I assert that there is no provision
in the law which disfranchises any person
because he voted against the adoption of the
constitution, and we challenge the gentleman
from Missouri, or any other gentleman, to
show that any citizen is disfranchised simply
because he voted against the adoption of the
constitution.
Let us see what the statute in question i.-..
The eleventh section provides "that no per-
son shall be registered who during the late
rebellion took the oath of allegiance to the
United States, or gave bond of loyalty or for
good behavior," ''unless he shall showbysat-
isfactory evidence that he has ever kept this
said oath or bond inviolate;" "or" unless he
can show "that he has openly advocated or
voted for the reconstruction measures of Con-
gress;" "or" unless he can show that he
■' voted for the constitution, at the civil polls,
at the constitutional election of 1868." It is
manifest that if the applicant for registration
complies with either of the above requirements
he is entitled to register.
Now, what becomes of the charge with which
the gentlemen started out " with a flourish of
trumpets," to use the language which one of
them applied to the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Smith,] that, there was a provision
in the laws of Arkansas disfranchising every
person who had voted against the adoption of
the State constitution? Can they answer? The
iramers of the statute evidently acted upon the
very sensible theory that the inhabitants of the
enemy's country, or rather the white portion,
were disloyal, and that in taking "the oath of
allegiance to the United States, or giving bond
of loyalty or for good behavior," that they had
done so for their own private purposes, with-
out sincerity and without good faith, and there-
fore they placed the burden of proof on them
to show that they had "kept this oath or bond
inviolate." It is true that it applied as well
to the Union citizen who had taken the oath
or given the bond ; but what loyal man cared
for that? He knew that by such a law the
great mass of the rebel population of the State
would be excluded from the registry, and
he would, of course, be entirely willing to
come forward, and, in the language of the law,
"show by satisfactory evidence that he had
kept his oath or bond inviolate."
Mr. SHANKS. That is the very easiest
proof you can require of a man.
Mr. PORTEft. Certainly; as tke gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Shaxks] suggests, it
is easy for a man to show that lira has "kept
his oath or bond," provided he has; easy to
show that he " openly advocated or voted^ for
the reconstruction measures of Congress," if
such was the case ; and easy to show that he
4' voted for the constitution'' ol his State, if the
fact existed. I will not say whether such a
sweeping disfranchising clause is necessary and
proper at the present time; that is not the ques-
tion under consideration. The main question,
the only question in this debate, is whether
the laws of Arkansas undertake to disfran-
chise citizens because they voted against the
adoption of the State constitution. We think
we have indisputably shown that the statutes
of Arkansas contain no such provision. It
■would be useless, sir, to pursue the question
further.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Mr. Speak-
er 
Mr. ROGERS. Will my friend from Mis-
souri yield to me for a few minutes ?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I believe I
have not got through my remarks yet.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I believe
I was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I have been so
very patient with reference to interrogato-
ries 
The SPEAKERf>«> tempore, (Mr. Wilson,
of Minnesota.) The Chair supposed the gen-
tleman had yielded the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Only for a time.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I rise to
a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state his point of order.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. My point
of order is that the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Smith] yielded the floor unconditionally
to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Porter.]
Mr. PORTER. No, sir; only for a few min-
utes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will take the statement of the gentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I will
withdraw my point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Smith] has five
minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
I had no idea when I rose that I would con-
sume so much time, or even one quarter of the
time I have. But I do not know that it could
have been occupied more properly. We have
shown very clearly that the constitution of the
State of Arkansas does not disfranchise a man
because he voted against that constitution. We
wanted to establish that fact, and the additional
fact that Governor Clayton was a good soldier,
a good officer, and a good Governor, and that
the loyal men of the State owed their protec-
tion to the militia law passed by the Legis-
lature and enforced by the Governor. That is
all I expected to do when I took the floor this
morning. I think that has been fully estab-
lished. With this remark I will now leave the
subject.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, took the
floor, and yielded to
Mr. ROGERS. I desire to say but a very
few words. I do not want to wound the feel-
ings of any one. And when I charged the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Smith] with
having been somewhat engaged in the rebel-
lion, I only gave utterance to what I under-
stood had been asserted by his neighbors as
something of which they were cognizant at
the time. I leave that matter for him and his
neighbors to settle. Of course I was not in
West Tennessee, and therefore do not know
personally what his course was. And even if
I did, I do not know that it is at all pertinent
to this discussion. I will here take occa-
sion to say that I threw out the remark rather
hastily, and I now regret that I did it, because
it has nothing at all to do with this argument.
I mnly did it to meet something which I have
felt called upon to meet in discussing questions
on more occasions than one. It is, however,
a matter entirely outside of this question. And
I believe I did not raise to-day the question
ll of Kuklux Klans and their doings. I said
nothing which was calculated to call out the
remarks of the gentleman from Tennessee in
regard to acts of outlaws in Tennessee, or even
in Arkansas.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for a question ?
Mr. ROGERS. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman if lie knows of any Union man
living in Arkansas, or in Tennessee, or any-
where else, who was a prominent Union man,
who joined the Union Army, who stood up for
Union principles first, last, and all the time,
who has been charged by his neighbors with
being a rebel?
Mr. ROGERS. I do not know that such is
the case, but rather the contrary.
I will state right here that every man wlio
has behaved himself properly toward those
men being on the victorious side during the
recent fight lias been treated kindly and gen-
erously by the people where I reside ; but
wherever men have joined themselves with
ignorant and bad men to make laws to oppress,
and in a pecuniary and political sense crush out
our citizens, our people, as would be natural
with any people anywhere, have been opposed
to such men. I know, sir, that the worst men
we have in the South, the most intensely radi-
cal and oppressive, are men who at the begin-
ning of the rebellion favored it, and continued
in that course for a season, until they saw that
the Federal flag was likely to float in triumph
over the country and insure us a perpetuity of
our Union. Those men have come under the
flag and become the most intensely radical
Union men in the whole country. That is my
experience; and I have had a very large expe-
rience in this as well as very many other mat-
ters connected with that struggle.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Will the gen-
tleman permit me to ask him another question ?
Mr. ROGERS. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Has the gen-
tleman ever read Major General Geerge H.
Thomas's report ?
Mr. ROGERS. I have.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Then I will
take the liberty of incorporating in my remarks
at this point the following passages from that
report:
" The duties of the troops have l)een much the
same as heretofore reported, and the same necessity
for them exists.
" The state of society, as regards the non-observ-
ance of law and the want of protection lor life and
property, ha& not at all improved, and in some sec-
tions is decidedly worse. 1 had hoped that with the
good crops and increased subsistence obtained the
people would appreciate the blessings of peace and
plenty, and abstain from the petty lawlessness so
often engendered or stimulated by poverty; but, on
the contrary, it would appear, with increased means,
the spirit of lawlessness is more actively exhibited.
" With the close of the last and beginning of the
new year the State of Tennessee was disturbed by
the strange operations of a mysterious organization,
known as Kuklux Klan, which first made its appear-
ance in Giles county. Within a few weeks it had
spread over a great part of the State, and created
no little alarm.
"Organized companies of men. mounted and armed,
horses and ridersbeingdisguised,patrolled the coun-
try, making demonstrations calculated to frighten
quiet citizens, and, in many instances, abused and
outraged them, especially that class of colored peo-
ple who, by their energy, industry, and good con-
duct, are most prominent.''
The general says that he forwarded some
of the reports of the operations of this secret
organization to the General-in-Chief, with an
indorsement, and was answered that the pa-
pers had been referred to the President, who
returned them with his indorsement, and then
says:
" Private extracts from these papers, with the Pres-
ident's action on them, were permitted to be pub-
lished by some authorityat "Washington, and caused
a deal of comment in Tennessee. That portion ot
the press of the State whose greatest labors are to
bring odium upon all who aided to save the Govern-
ment from being destroyed by the late rebellion,
hastened to deny the truth of thestatements to me ;
reflected with severity upon their authors, and, to
fortifv their assertions, procured and published tuo
, certificates of a few amiable persons of northern
birth, who were living in Nashville under a well-
1 organized ])olice force, that the alarm v Tas a, ialse
