S64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
one. But this only caused to be added further evi-
dence confirming the truth of the original state-
ments."
After alluding to some of the additional
evidence, he again says:
"An explanation or excuse far the formation of
the Kuklux organization, made by its defenders,
was that it was the natural result of the existence
of the 'Loyallieagues,' sccret organizations of Union
men. It is reasonable to suppose this may be cor-
rect; but in justice to the latter, however impolitic
or unwise thoir acts may be, there has been reported
to me no one instance of any outrage or unlawful
act having been committed by them. Well-authen-
ilcated information leads me to believe that the
Kuklux K1 an was primarily but a species of organ-
ization without settled plans; but the peculiar con-
dition of Tennessee, the inability,unwillingness, and
apathy of the local authorities, continued to demon-
strate that, if organized thoroughly upon a semi-
military basis, the society could maintain itself,
extend its power, and perform whatevei it sought to
do without let or hmderance, its great purpose to
establish a nucleus around which the adherents of
the late rebellion, activc or passive, might safely
rally, thus establishing a grand political society,the
future operations of which would be governed by
ciicumstances fast developing m the then peculiar
era of exciting public events. It is a matter of his-
tory, now acknowledged by its leaders and tho pub-
lic press, that the society did extend itself through-
out the South, and its operations in the reconstructed
States were of such a natiue as to require the direct
interference of the United States autnoi'ities to sup-
press them. 1 liavo deemed it my duty to watch
closely these organized oppositions to the Govern-
ment, not fioin fear of their schemes, but to enable
the Government to counteract them.
" These disorganizes haveso little foundation for
their plans, and are so blinded by then prejudices,
if given opportunity enough, expose their schemes,
as well as forewarn the officers of the Government.'''
Then lie says:
"Reviewing occurrences connected with the ad-
ministration of aflairs m the department for the
past year, 1 am enabled to report that, to some ex-
tent, the presence of troops bad prevented personal
collision and partisan difiiculties, but only partially
so; for it is mortifying to acknowledge that the State
and local laws, which should do so, and the more
powerful force of public opinion, do not protect the
citizens of the department fiom violence. In iact,
crimc is committed because public opinion favors
it, or at le.iH, acquiesces 111 if. The local laws .ire
enforced or not, according to tho controlling opin-
ions of the community. A criminal, who is popular
wiih the luo't, can .-<01 law at defiance; but 11 a, man
is only clnugcd with or suspected of crime, if he is
inimical to the community, he is likely to be htiug
to the nearest tree or Miot doK 11 si t his own door."
And again, he pays :
/'Tho causes of this lawlessness arc different in
different States. In Tennessee, where a majority
of the late rebels are disfranchised, they, and sym-
pathizers with them, have a hatred for the St'.te
authorities which is unconcealed and aggressive. X11
localities where the disfranchised element is strong
a spirit of persecution toward those in sympathy
with the authorities, those who recognize the rights
of the enfranchised negroes, and the negroes them-
selves, especially shows itself in utter contempt of
all respect for law. Violence is openly talked of.
The editorials of the public press ore such as to
ciea.to the most intense hatred in tho breasts of the
ex-rebels and their sympathizers. The effect of this
is to causo disfuibanco throughout the State, by
cxciting the ruffianly portion of this class of citizens
to muider, 10b, and maltient white Unionists and
colored people in localities where there are 110 Uni-
ted States troops stationed.
"The local authorities often have not tho will,
and more ofrcn have not the power, to suppress or
prevent these outrages."
The general closes his report ns follows ;
" Tile controlling cause of the unsettled condition
of affairs in the department is, that the greatest
efforts made by the defeated insurgents since the
close of the war have been to promulgate the idea
that tho cause of liberty, justice, humanity, equal-
ity, and aH the calendar of the virtues of freedom,
suffered violence and i,io"g when the effort for
southern independence failed. This is, ot course,
intended as a species of political cant, whereby tho
erimoof treason might be covered with a. counterleit
varnish of patriotism, so that tho precipitators of the
rebellion might go down in history hand in hand
with the (lefendeis of the Government, thus wiping
outwith their own hands their own stains, a species
of self-forgiveness amazing m its effrontery, when it
is considered life and property justly forfeited by
the laws of tho country, of war, and of nations,
through the magnanimity of tho Government and
people, were not exacted from them." * '■ ■■■  
' The evil done has been great, and it is not discov-
erable that 1111 immediate improvement may bo
expected."
Mr. KOGERS. Mr. Speaker, I have said
that it has been my aim always to meet ques-
tions upon their merits. I have not lagged in
any matter that was not pertinent to the ques-
tion before this House, nor shall I do it, except
so far as it may be necessary to defend myself
against the assaults of those who may attack
me, from whatever source these assaults may
come.
In reference to this matter of the constitution
of Arkansas, (and I will dwell but a moment on
this subject,) I say that technically the gentle-
men who have undertaken to dispute my posi-
tion are right, but practically I am correct,
because this registration is presumed^ to be a
law based upon the constitution. If it be not
based upon the constitution, then the legis-
lators who enacted it and the Governor who
approved it were guilty of perjury in violating
their official oaths; and the courts of the coun-
try, which are in the hands of the party that
enacted this law, ought to declare it unconsti-
tutional, that the rights of citizens may not be
denied. The gentleman from Tennessee is the
champion of Governor Clayton, who is in the
wrong in this case, as I have proved by the
evidenceof Mr.McDonald, andaslshallprove
by Senator Rice, arid the bulk of those men
representing the Republican party in the State
of Arkansas. I will show by these authorities
that Governor Clayton is in the wrong, and
that his acts ought to be stamped with the seal
of condemnation.
Sir, the party in power in Arkansas go fur-
ther than this registration law. They get up
what they call a "Kuklux law.'' Instructions
are given to the registrars, as I can prove, by
tho Governor of the State, to exclude every
man who belonged to any secret political so-
ciety other than the "Loyal League," as they
choose to call it in our State. Under the con-
struction adopted in the administration of this
Kuklux lawnumbers of the citizens of my sec-
tion are denied the rights guarantied to them
by the constitution of the State and the Consti-
tution of theUnited States. And it is because
of these and other outrages on my country-
men, on roe, on right, and on the Constitu-
tion of the United States, that I have spoken
as I have, and which induces me now to make
my solemn protest in the face of this House
against these outrages and these wrongs, and
against their continuance. I am only aston-
ished to know there is any man on this floor
who will rise up before the country and defend
wrongs so damning and so outrageous. Yet,
sir, we find there are such coming up fiom my
own native State. I am ashamed that it is
so. Her sons have sadly degenerated if they
will not strike a blow against the monster of
oppression, however he may appear, or in
whatever guise he may come. If they will
not strike such a blow, then indeed has that
State fallen from the high estate which hereto-
fore she has always held.
What is this against which I complain? As
I have already said, they have absolutely de-
njed men the right of voting by construing this
Kuklux law, as they call it, into a disfran-
chisement of those men. Perhaps I did not
allude to that this morning; but it is never-
theless true. This same constitution which
gentlemen are talking about declares that any
men who are obnoxious to these provisions,
enumerated as first, second, third, &e,, might,
by coming up and voting for this constitution,
purge themselves of their ineligibility, and
they should hereafter be entitled to vote. This
menace carries with it the very idea upon
which this registration law is based, that is,
that they are to bo disfranchised exactly be-
cause of what has been stated, that is, they
are to bo disfranchised if they do not vote for
the constitution.
But, Mi\ Speaker, let me go a little further.
This constitution also provides that any tnan
found inside of the rebel lines shall not vote.
Everybody knows that the rebel armies were,
one time or another, all over that country, here
to-day, and somewhere else to-morrow. Every
man was required when the Federal armies
approached to take an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States. When the
Federal armies went elsewhere, and the con-
federate armies took possession of the country,
these men, of course, found themselves again
within the rebel lines; and, because of that
fact, the gentleman from Tennessee and Gov-
ernor Clayton and his party would construe the
law to be that, unless they voted for tbis con-
stitution, they should be disfranchised. Here it
is, and let tis see what it says. It is, that any
man found within the rebel lines shall be dis-
franchised. I took the oath to support the
Constitution of theUnited States, as did every
other man in a like position. I did it cheer-
fully, and I would do it again. Still, if I had
been found within the rebel lines during this
time, through no fault of my own, but because
of the movement of the different armies, accord-
ing to tho construction these men give this
registration law, 1" could not vote. If you ask
me to subscribe to such a principle I will not
do it. 1 will stand against it to the last, fight-
ing against it, as I have done ever since it was
first incorporated into the constitution of my
State.
I know therehave been men in every age who
would kiss the rod that smote them and who
would cringe before the despot's sway. I know
we have such men to-day ; but, thank God,
Mr. Speaker, that the blood ol 110 such men
courses in my veins! Never, never will 1 bow
down before the tyrant. For tyranny and
oppression I have always had the deepest
hatred. I will strike the tyrant as long as I
have being, and, if die I must, it will be 011
the side of the right and not upon the side of
wrong.
I know there are men in this country who
will bow down and lick the tyrant's rod, and
who will exclaim, ''Oh, master, lay it on a
little heavier and I will bear it cheerfully!
Such a spirit is not the one I have. I have
never felt an interest in party except when
that party was in the interest of my country
and in my interest; and being in my interest it
must be in the interest of the country, because
I claim to be acting and to have acttd m the
interest of the country. I will not subscribe
to anything that is not American both in prin-
ciple and practice. The question here is sim-
ply whether you will sit by idly and see the
men of a sovereign State, your own kindred,
made serfs and slaves, to be at the beck and
bidding of such men, some of whom are not
their equals in mental capacity, moral virtue,
or political wisdom.
1 have no desire, sir, to set aside t'lc laws,
and I have not done it here or elsewhere. 1 am
ready to stand by the laws which have been
made in Arkansas and by the constitution of
that State as long as they remain. All I ask,
sir, is that the Governor be made, in some
way or other, to enforce those laws and main-
tain inviolate his oath of office. That is what
I demand. If there is power in this House to
enforce it, I demand that that shall be done.
And if that is done, then my war upon Gov-
ernor Clayton and his minions in the State
of Arkansas shall bo at an end ; but not till
then.
One word more and I have done. I eould
not, sir, if I had the pen of George Bancroft,
write the whole story of the wrongs which have
been perpetrated in my State. Our people
have shown great patience in bearing what
they have been subjected to. The old cry of
Kuklux, has been brought in, and, as 1 said,
before to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Smith,] I say again, whenever you bring that
question up properly and tangibly for my action
I shall meet it, and meet it, perhaps, in a way
that the gentleman himself would not object
to. But I object to that question being lugged
in here to be used as a scarecrow to excuse
gentlemen for giving a vote against what is
just and right. I thank the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. McUoumick] for his courtesy
in giving me a portion of his time.
Mr. DICKEY. I move chat the House ao
now adjourn.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. 1 have
the floor, and do not yield for that purpose.
