1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I was this morning unwittingly drawn into this
debate, and I desire to say a word or two. I
propose, however, to occupy but a very few
minutes of the time of the House.
I am willing, Mr. Speaker, to leave to the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr, Smith] the
undivided honor of defending this eleventh
section of the registry law of the State of
Arkansas. What, sir, are the provisions of
this act? Under the laws of our country all
men charged with crime are presumed to be
innocent until proven guilty. But in this
eleventh section of this law it is required of
the person challenged or charged, to prove
himself innocent, in other words, to establish
a negative, which in law is almost an impos-
sibility. It is to reverse the whole order of
evidence in our courts. Yet, gentlemen here
upon the floor of Congress this day defend it.
1 hold, Mr. Speaker, that, by no use of language
can this law be construed into anything else
than that it does disfranchise men for not
having voted for the reconstruction measures
of the Congress of the United States and the
constitution of the State of Arkansas.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. The question I wish to
put to the gentleman from Missouri is, whether
lie considers that in requiring to prove his loy-
alty we require him, or that anybody requires
him, to prove a negative?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I say you
must establish a man's disloyalty, if he is
charged with disloyalty, before you can con-
demn him for disloyalty. If a man is arraigned
before a tribunal on any charge he is not re-
quired by our laws, or by the Constitution, or
by the principles which govern the judiciary
of our country, to prove himself innocent.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. MoCorjiick,]
who, I understand, is a lawyer, like myself,
that when a man applies to be registered, in
order to show that he is entitled to be regis-
tered he must bring himself within the rules,
by showing liis citizenship, his residence, his
age, and his loyalty. None of these things are
presumed ; they are always proved.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I say that
if a man, presumed to be entitled to vote
under the laws of a State, is challenged before
the registering oflicers, there is then a case
for investigation. Cut I contend that he must
be proven guilty of the charges brought against
him before he shall be disfranchised and de-
prived of the rights of a citizen, and that it
does not and should not devolve upon him
to prove himself innocent. Sir, I have seen
this again and again in the State of Missouri,
under a registry law which was passed in
almost exact accordance with this law of the
State of Aikansas. 1 have seen men who were
arraigned before the supervisors of registra-
tion, charged with having been in sympathy
with those engaged in the rebellion, and they
were required to prove their innocence. _ ^Sir,
it was an impossibility. No one can testily to
what are tl'„e sympathies of any living man,
except himself and his Creator; and such a
law, therefore, puts it beyond the power of
the accused to prove himself innocent. _ This
law is exactly in keeping with that law in the
State of Missouri. And if gentlemen here
wish to defend the existence of such laws in
our country, I am willing to allow them to
claim what credit they may for taking such a
course.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
allow me, I would remark that this law is sub-
stantially the same as the laws of Tennessee
and of other States where there, have been any
requirements as conditions-precedent to regis-
tration. The party seeking registration must
show that he is qualified under the laws gov-
erning the right to vote.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Under tins
law, Mr. Speaker, a man who has been re-
quired to talce an oath of allegiance to the
Government of the United States or to give
bonds for good behavior is disfranchised upon
either of three conditions: first, if he violated
his oath; second, if he refused to cooperate in
favor of the reconstruction policy of Congress;
and third, if he did not vote in favor of the
adoption of the constitution of the State of
Arkansas.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is clear that those
men are disfranchised for the simple fact that
they did not vote for the constitution. They
may have taken the oath of allegiance, and
they may not be able to prove before the regis-
trar that they have kept that oath ; they may
have violated the oath; but if they can prove
that they have voted for the constitution of
the State of Arkansas they are entitled to vote.
It is therefore one of the qualifications of voters
in Arkansas that the voter must have supported
the reconstruction measures of Congress and
must have voted for the adoption of the con-
stitution of the State of Arkansas. If they have
voted against it they are disfranchised under
this law by the very act of having exercised
the right of American freemen. And yet, gen-
tlemen are to-day defending this law and de-
fending Governor Clayton, who, as the Execu-
tive ot the State, must have approved the law
before it could have gone upon the statute-
book of the State.
Now, Mr. Speaker, Ishallnot takeup further
time of the House in the discussion of this
subject. I repeat what I said a few moments
ago, that this law is a legislative monstrosity;
that it is ail outrage upon the liberties and
rights of the people, and a disgrace to tliu
age in which we live.
leave to print.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE asked and obtained
leave to print some remarks in the Globe.
[See Appendix.]
And then, on motion of Mr. DICKEY, (at
three o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of Henry
Clay, a soldier of the first United States (col-
ored) heavy artillery, praying Congress to
authorize payment of arrears of bounty.
Also, the petition of the heirs of Richard
Hale, praying Congress to authorize payment
of pension due at the time of his decease.
Also, the petition of Annie Johnson, widow
of Willis Johnson, praying for arresirs of pen-
sion.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The petition of Mar-
tha K. Shepard, for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 9, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. F. New-
man, I). D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Thursday
last was read and approved.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in compliance with the reso-
lution of the Senate of December 20, 1870, in-
formation in relation to certain Indiana State
bonds held by him as trustee for various Indian
tribes; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate of Decem-
ber 14, 1870, further copies of papers relating
to the alleged unlawful traffic entered into by
William Sprague andBytonSprague, and other
citizens of Rhode Island, with persons in the
insurgent State of Texas during the late war;
which was referred to the select Cdrrimittee
to Investigate Alleged Traffic with Rebels in
Texas, and ordered to be printed.
atlantic telegraph cable.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a letter
of W. O. Stoddard, secretary of the Atlantic
Telegraph Cable Company, under the act of
Congress approved March 29, 1867, reporting
the progress of affairs of that company ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a petition,
somewhat numerously signed by citizens of
Baltimore, Maryland, referring to the injustice
of appropriating public money for sectarian
uses, and asking an amendment to the Consti-
tution inhibiting the appropriation of money
raised by taxation for the benefit of any reli-
gious denomination or sect. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I also present the pro-
ceedings of the Chamber of Commerce of the
State of New York, setting forth the import-
ance of laying a submarine cable from our
western coast to Asia, and providing against a
monopoly in that regard. 1 move its reference
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING also presented the peti-
tion of James F. Erwin, of Jasper county,
Texas, praying the removal of his political
disabilities ; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the petition
of Magdalenii Statzer, playing arrears of pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petitions of
Stephen P. Dupon, of Chatham county, Geor-
gia; of Aaron G. Grier, of Fulton county,
Georgia; and of E. D. Graham, of Appling
county, Georgia, praying to be relieved from
their political disabilities; which were referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of
Benoni Jones, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. RICE presented the petition of James
S. Dollerhide, of Little River county, Arkan-
sas, praying for the removal of his political
disabilities ; which was referred to the select
Committee oa the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. KA.MSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Washington Territory, praying for the
establishment of certain post routes in that
Territory ^-.which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Levi Smith,
late postmaster at Watertown, New York, pray-
ing an allowance for surplus box rents accru-
ing in the office under his management from
July 1, 1804, to June 30, 18fi6; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. J'ENTON presented the petition of
bakers, soda water manufacturers, milkmen,
and grocerymenof the city of New York, pray-
ing the enactment of a law authorizing the
redemption of the copper coin of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Jefferson
W. Davis, late first lieu tenant company O, sixty-
fourth New Y ork volunteers, praying the pay
and emoluments of first lieutenant from June
2o, 18L>4, to May 10, "1805 ; which was referred
to the Com mil.lee ou Military Affairs.
Mr. POMIiROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent the petition of Mrs. Fanny Keiley, who
represents that she was a citizen of Kansas,
and started for Idaho with her husband and
one child, and was captured by the Indians.
