1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1191
Mr. COX. I have 110 objection to this
arrangement if the gentleman allows four
hours for debate.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is what I propose;
that at four o'clock the House shall proceed
to vote on the bill and amendments.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
moves that this bill be made a special order
for next Wednesday after the reading of the
Journal, and that at four o'clock on that day
the House shall proceed to vote on the bill
and pending amendments without any dilatory
motion of any kind.
Mr. ELDPJDGE. I wish to make a single
remark in reply to the gentleman from Ohio.
So far as I am concerned, I consent to the
proposition of the gentleman, because of the
necessity of the case. A majority of more than
two thirds of the House, as indicated by the
vote which has been taken, is in favor of this
bill, and we of the minority submit to the
arrangement proposed, not because we think
four hours a proper allowance of time for
debate, but because we feel we have no power
to gain a longer period.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I still maintain my
objection.
Mr. JUDD. I call for the regular order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to suspend the
rules, to agree to the arrangement I have
indicated.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I suggest
to the gentleman to say " after the morning
hour."
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hooper] has given notice ef
his intention to bring up on Wednesday, if
possible, the bill for the repeal of the income
tax.
The SPEAKER. If the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio be agreed to, it will
exclude the right of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, can the
gentleman from Ohio bring his bill before the
House without a suspension of the rules? His
notice does not bring it before the House?
The SPEAKER. It does not, and the Chair
would not be able, if the House should make
the order contemplated by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] to recognize the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoofer] on
that morning to make his motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union to take up the bill repealing the
income tax.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman, I understand, is willing to say after
the morning hour.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will make my motion
as I made it originally.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. If we are to act on
it without dilatory motions or debate, then
why not act upon it now?
Mr. BINGHAM. It is to be debated for
four hours.
Mr. DICKEY. Why not vote on it now and
let u  dispose of it?
Mr. COX. Between the income tax and the
enforcement bill it would be hard for some of
us to decide.
The SPEAKER. If the order contemplated
by the motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] be made, no such conflict as that
suggested by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] would arise, as the Chair, under the
rule, would recognize thegeatleman from Ohio
having charge of this bill, which will prevent the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
from having a vote on his motion to go into
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I insist on my motion.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only
object by voting against the bill.
Mr. COX. How much time will we have to
debate this bill?
The SPEAKER. Is the gentleman's motion
to take it up immediately after the reading of
the Journal?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. Four hours, then, lacking
the time taken up by the reading_of the Journal.
Mr. COX. How much time will the gentle-
man give this side of the House?
The SPEAKER. That is not aparliamentary
question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will give half of that
time to the other side.
Mr. COX. We are satisfied with that.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to know if this
passes whether it will cut off the order for
Wednesday evening?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; we are to take
the vote at four o'clock, and the evening ses-
sion does not begin till half past seven.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question, so that there may be no misunder-
standing. As many as are in favor of sus-
pending the rules, so as to order that the
pending bill be made a special order for
Wednesday morning next after the reading of
the bill, and the same shall be voted on with-
out dilatory motions, will vote in the affirma-
tive ; those opposed will vote in the negative.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
93, noes 47.
Mr. VAN TRUMP demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 141, nays 52, not voting
47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, Asper,
Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Barry, Beaman.Beatty, Ben-
jamin, Bethune, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Boyd,George
M.Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Btirchard, Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick II. Butler, Cess-
na, Churchill, William T. Clark, Amasa Cobb, Clin-
ton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook, Cowles, Cox,
Cullom. Degener, Dickey, Dockery, Duval, Dyer,
Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher,
Garfield. Gilfillan, Haldeman, Hale, Hamilton, Har-
ris, Hawley, Hay. Hays. Hill, Hoar, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotchki«s, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd,
Julian. Kelley, Kelsey. Ketcham, Laflin, Lash,Law-
rence, Long. Lynch. Maynard, McCarthy. McCrary,
McGrew, McJKee, McKenzie, Mercur, Eliakim II.
Moore, Jesse II. Moore, William Moore, Morey,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell. Myers, Negley, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Halbert E. Paine, Palmer, Peck,
Perce, Peters, Phelps.Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Por-
ter, Prosser, Rainey, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Saw-
yer, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, John A.
Smith, William J. Smith. Worthington C. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevens. Stevenson, Stoughton.Strick-
Jand, Strong. Sypher, Taffe, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman,
Townsend, 'l'wichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Wallace, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Welker, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitinore. Wilkinson,
Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson, Witcher, and
Wolf—111. „ , ,
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Beck, Bird,
Booker, James Brooks. Calkin, Dickinson, Duke,
Eldridge. Fox. Getz, Gibson, Griswold, Hambleton,
Hamill, Hawkins, Holman, Thomas L. Jones. Kerr,
Lewis, Manning, Marshall, Mayham, McCormick,
McNeely, Morgan, Niblack, William W.Paine, Pot-
ter. Price. Randall, Reeves, Rice, Sherrod, Shober,
Sloeum, Joseph S. Smith. Utiles, Stone, Strader,
Swann, Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Voor-
hees, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood,
and Woodward—51.
NOT VOTING — Messrs, Ambler, Archer, Arnell,
Banks, Barnum, Bennett, Benton, Biggs, Bowen,
Burr, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Conner,
Corker, Crebs, Darrall, Dawes, Joseph Dixon. Na-
than F. Dixon. Donley, Box, Ela. Fitch, Haight,
Heflin, Hoge, Ingersoll, Johnson, Kellogg, Knsipp,
Knott, Logan, Loughridge, Milnes, Samuel P. Mor-
rill. Morrissey, Mungen, Newsham, Packer, Rogers,
Schumaker, Porter Sheldon, Stokes, Sweeney, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Winans, and Young—18.
So (two-thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended ; and the order was made.
Mr. BINGHAM. I enter a motion to recom-
mit the bill.
increase of pensions.
Mr. HAY. I mov® to suspend the rules and
put upon its passage a bill to increase the pen-
sions of certain disabled soldiers and sailors.
The bill was read. It provides that the in-
valid pensions of all officers, soldiers, marines,
and sailors who, while in the military or naval
service of the United States of America, and
in the line of duty, shall have lost the sight of
both eyes, or who shall have lose both hands
or both feet, or one haud or one loot, or who
shall have been permanently or totally disabled
in the same, or otherwise so permanently or
totally disabled as to render them utterly help-
less or so nearly so as to require the constant
personal aid or attendance of another person,
granted or to be hereafter granted by the provis-
ions of general law, and also the same pensions
granted by special law not in excess of the rate
provided by general law, be, and the same are
hereby, increased by the sum of forty per cent,
thereof, to commence on the 4th of March,
1871.
Mr. BENJAMIN. How does that come
here? Is it reported from the committee.
Mr. HAY. I introduced it as an individual
member.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That bill is now before
the Committee on Pensions, and is being con-
sidered by them at this time. They have not
authorized any report to be made upon it. It
is proposed toamend itbefore making a report.
Mr. HAY. I have not represented that I
am authorized by the committee to report the
bill. But I desire to have it put upon its pas-
sage now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the House will
not put the bill upon its passage.
The question was put on suspending the rules
and passing the bill; and there were—ayes 42,
noes 72.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. RANDALL. I would suggest that the
rules be suspended and authority given to the
Committee on Pensions to report this bill at
any time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. When the Committee
on Pensions have matured their action on this
bill we propose to ask for a night session to be
specially appropriated to the business of that
committee.
frontiers of texas, etc.
Mr. DEGENER. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be, and is hereby, directed to report what measures
are neeessary to secure the better protection of the
frontiers of Texas, Arizona, and New Mexico from
the incursion of hostile tribes of Indians; and
Be it further resolved. That said committee be
authorized to report at any time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand that the permission to report at any time
applies only to this subject.
Mr. DEGENER. Certainly.
There being no objection, the resolution was
agreed to.
river and harbor appropriation bill.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3030)
making appropriations for the repair, preser-
vation, and completion of certain public works
on rivers and harbors, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, recom-
mitted to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
removal op disabilities.
Mr. PERCE. I ask leave to introduce and
have put upon its passage at the present time
a bill to relieve certain citizens of Mississippi
and Louisiana, therein named, from all legal
and political disabilities.
Objection was made.
Mr. PERCE. I move to suspend the rules
and pass the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
i'j order of business.
The SPEAKER. If the motion to adjourn
I' should prevail the motion ot the gentleman
: from Mississippi to suspend the rules will go
over until Monday next. Pending the motion
1 to adjourn, the Chair will entertain the mo-
! tions of several gentlemen who were not in
their seats when the States and Territories
; were called this morning for the introduction
Is of bills and joint resolutions for reference,
