1804
THE ODMxRESSKMAL GLOBE.
March 1,
EXTRA PA? TO OFFICERS OF ARMY.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1180) to amend an act
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1871, and
for -ptber purposes.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
twelfth sectiou of the act entitled "An act
making appropriations for Ihe support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1871, and
for other purposes," be so amended that in
place of the words "1st day of January next,"
wherever occurring in said section, there shall
be substituted the words '"the 1st day of
July, 1871."
Mr. LOGAN. The time has expired fixed
by the original bill, and the officers have been
mustered out. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done
under this call.
Mr. LOGAN. Is it in order to refer it to
the Committee on Military Affairs ?
The SPEAKER. That can be done by
unanimous consent,.
Mr. LOGAN. I make that motion.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read afirstand second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. It. No.201) in aid
of certain collegesand universities.
Mr. BUCK. 1 object.
SOUTHERN EXPRESS COMPANY.
The r.vxt business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 701) to incorporate the
Southern Express Company.
Mr. WOODWARD. I object.
SAIIAII N. EAGLET0N.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 901) for the relief of Sarah
N. Eagleton, executrix of the last will and
testament of J. Joseph Eagleton, deceased.
Mr. JENCKES. That has been examined
by our committee and found to be correct.
Mr. BUCK. I object.
W. B. CARPENTER.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1061) for the relief of W.
B. Carpenter.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
GREAT AND LITTLE OSAGE LANDS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. K. No. 206) amend-
atory of the twelfth section of an act entitled
"An act making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1871, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 15, 1870, and to extend
the time for the disposal cf the lands ceded
under the first and second articles of the treaty
of September 29, 1865, with the Great and
Little Osage Indians, and for other purposes.
Mr. BUCK. I object.
DEPREDATIONS ON INDIANS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1117) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to cause to be investi-
gated claims arising from depredations by or
upon Indians in Kansas or Nebraska.
Mr. BOCK. 1 object.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
'was a bill (S. No. 406) to expedite the survey
of private land claims.
Mr. WELKEIi. I object.
REDEMPTION OF COPPER COINS, ETC.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1181) to provide for the
redemption of copper and:other coins.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope nobody
will object to the passage of this bill. My
committee has been authorised for three weeks
to report it.
Mr. KELLEY. The Committee on Coinage,
Weights, and Measures have instructed me to
report it.
Mr. MAYJEAM. I object.
CHARLES T. JACKSON.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1214) for the relief of
Charles T. Jackson, M. D., of Boston.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up. and read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to Charles T.
Jackson, M. D., of the city of Boston, the sum
of $450 for making an analysis of the digestive
organs, and their contents, of the late Captain
Israel S. Bruce, of the American bark Bet-
sey Williams, for the purpose of the trial of
Griffin and Lee, charged with the murder by
poisoning of said Bruce, and for mileage and
expenses for traveling twice from the city of
Boston to-the city of New York, as a witness
at said trial on behalf of the United States.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
LYMAN G. SPAULDING.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution (S. R. No. 209) author-
izing the President to nominate and, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
appoint Lyman G. Spaulding a master in the
Navy of the United States.
The joint resolution was read. It author-
izes the President to nominate, and, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
appoint Lyman G. Spaulding a master in the
Navy of the United States, provided that it
appear upon examination that he has been
relieved from the physical defect which led to
his resignation and is otherwise physically
competent for service.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was read three times, and passed.
It. II. LAMSON.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution (S. R. No. 196) author-
izing the President to withdraw his acceptance
of the resignation of R. H. Lamson, late lieu-
tenant United States Navy.
Mr. ARCHER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to recommend
the passage of this joint resolution with an
amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I object.
PORT OF DELIVERY, POTOMAC, VIRGINIA.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1200) to create a port of
delivery at Potomac, Virginia, and for other
purposes.
Objection was made.
SETTLERS ON PUBLIC LANDS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution (S. R. No. 277) for the
relief of settlers on the public lands.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that settlers on the public lands of the
United States who have been required to make
proof and payment for their lands under the
act to extend the provisions of the preemp-
tion laws to the Territory of Colorado, and
for other purposes, approved July 14, 1870,
and by instructions from the General Land
Office, under date July 30, 1870, shall have
twelve months' additional time given them
under which to make such proof and pay-
ment.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was read three times, and passed.
INCREASE OF PENSIONS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1156) increasing the pen-
sions of disabled soldiers and sailors, and of
the widows and children of deceased soldiers
and sailors.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I give notice that I shall
move to suspend the rules to pass that bill.
GILBERT MORTON.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 379) to authorize the restora-
tion of Gilbert Morton to the naval service.
Mr. ARCHER. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Vermont. I hope the objec-
tion will be withdrawn. This is a very just
bill, and has been recommended by the Sec-
retary of the Navy.
Mr. ARCHE R. It has not been considered
by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SMITH, of Vermont. It has been con-
sidered by the Senate committee.
WILLAMETTE COLLECTION DISTRICT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution (S. R. No. 268) concern-
ing the compensation of the collector of cus-
toms for the district of Willamette, in the State
of Oregon.
Objection was made.
I. N. INGERSOLL AND J. GRANGER.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution (S. R. No. 202) referring
the claim of Isaac N. Ingersoll and Joseph
Granger, for damages under a contract for
building a marine hospital at Detroit.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I object.
R. E. DE MJSSY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution (S. R. No. 286) to close
the accounts of R. E. De Russy, late colonel
corps of engineers.
The joint resolution was read. In order to
close the accounts for disbursements of R. E.
De Russy, late colonel corps of engineers, the
joint resolution directs the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to allow and credit
him the sum of $451 01, amount of debit items
found by them in settlement of his accounts,
per statement of differences dated Treasury
Department, Third Auditor's office, October
25, 1869.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was read three times, and passed.
ALBERT W. «RAY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1243) for the relief of Albert
W. Gray.
Objection was made.
OFFICERS, ETC., OF SHIP NIGHTINGALE.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1272) correcting an error in
the passage of an act entitled " An act for the
relief of the officers and crew of the ship
Nightingale," approved June 3, 1870.
The bill was read. It recites in its preamble
that an act for the relief of the officers and
crew of the ship Nightingale passed the House
of Representatives, was- certified by the Sec-
retary of the Senate as having passed the
Senate, was signed by the President of the
Senate and Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and by the President of the United
States, and appears on the statutes as a law
properly passed and approved June 1, 1870,
when in reality it never did pass the Senate.,
and its passage does not appear on the Journal.
To remedy this error it is proposed to enact
that the act so published as passed and approved
is hereby made valid, to all intents and pur-
poses, as if it had passed the Senate ; but no
other or greater payment shall be made by
virtue of t his act than that authorized by the
published act.
There being no objection, the bill was read
three times, and passed.
