366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
The child was killed, and the Indians took pos-
session of her goods and property. She now
 compensation. I move that the petition,
with the accompanying papers, be referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and I hope
that committee will give it early attention.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KEL"LOGG presented the petition of
D. H. Holmes, a citizen of New Orleans,
Louisiana, praying indemnification, to the
amount of $2,376 38, for sixty-sis pieces of
cotton seized by C. W. Kilburn, deputy provost
marshal of the United States, under orders of
Major General Benjamin F. Butler, during
the late rebellion; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of J. W. Gur-
ley, of New Orleans, Louisiana, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of E. Walsh,
of Memphis, Tennessee, praying to be com-
pensated for an illegal arrest and imprisonment
by a military court composed of two persons;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of New
Orleans, praying an appropriation of money
for the construction of a ship-canal between
the Mississippi river, at some point near Fort
St. Philip, on the left bank, to a deep-water
point at or off Breton Island, in the Gulf of
Mexico, for the permanent relief of the out-
let navigation of the Mississippi; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of W. It.
Rutland, of Grant parish, Louisiana, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of W.
J. Anderson and fifty-three others, praying an
appropriation of money for the purchase of a
suitable piece of land and the erection there-
upon of a building for the use of the post oilice
of the city of Charleston ; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
Mr. SPEN'CER presented the petitions of
Z. L. Nabens, of Mobile, Alabama, and of
Calvin S. Carson, of Lauderdale county, Ala-
bama, praying the removal of their political
disabilities ; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of citi-
zensof Loudon county, Virginia, praying com-
pensation for the loss of the almshouse of
that county, destroyed during the late war by
the United States forces ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claim?.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented tho-petitions of
JeromeF. Colley, of Newbern, Pulaski county,
Virginia, and of T. S. Richardson, ot Campbell
county, Virginia, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. BROWNLOW presented the petition
of William Rutherford, of Knox county, Ten-
nessee, a soldier of the war of 1812, praying
to be allowed a pension ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BOEEMAN presented the petition of
Annie Holliday, widow of William II. Holli-
day, deceased, praying to he allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN' presented a petition of a
large number of citizens ot' the vicinity of Port
Clinton, Ottawa county, Ohio, praying an ap-
propriation of fifteen or twenty thousand dol-
lars to remove obstructions and to construct
piers to protect the channel and reader the
harbor at Port Clinton the best refuge from
storms on the southern coast between Sandusky
and Maumee bay; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS 01? COMMITTEES.
Mr. WARNER presented a letter of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, addressed
to himself, as a member of the Committee on
Finance, communicating information on the
subject of spirit-meters; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom were referred
three petitions of citizens of Wilmington, North
Carolina, for the erection of a building for the
post office and United States offices at that
place, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration, and that they be referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1137) to extend the benefits of the
donation law of September 27,1850, to certain
persons, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2173) to amend
an act entitled " An act to reduce the expenses
of the survey and sale of the public lands in
the United States," approved May 30, 1862,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 872) to amend an act entitled " An act
to amend an act to establish a court for the
investigation of claims against the United
States," reported it with an amendment.
Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2175) amendatory of an act entitled " An act
supplementary to the several acts relating to
pensions," approved June 0, 18G6, repotted it
adversely and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2367) granting
arrears of pensions to certain persons therein
named, reported it adversely, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1173) in relation to the competency of
witnesses in the courts of the United States
and before United States commissioners, re-
ported it with amendments.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
899) to regulate the pensions of disabled officers
and enlisted men, reported it adversely, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 877) to regulate
the pensions of the Navy and Marine corps,
and for other purposes, reported it adversely,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Ann G. Barker,
praying to be allowed arrears of pension, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary A. Simpson,
praying to be allowed a pension, submitted an
adverse report thereon ; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Sarah Duncan,
praying to be allowed a pension, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2318) granting a pension to Abigail
Dix, repotted it without amendment.
He also, from thesame committtee, to whom
ji was referred the bill (II. R. No. 1630) granting
ij a pension to Tuscannah Snyder, reported it
| with an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 773) to amend an act entitled "An
act to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims, and to provide for the payment of cer-
tain demands for quartermasters' stores and
subsistence supplies furnished to the Army
of the United States," approved July 4, 18G4,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its in-
definite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of James Madison
Jones, of Georgia, praying for such legislation
as will enable him to collect his debts iu that
State, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1094)
to prohibit assessments of money upon Gov-
srnment employ6s for political or other pur-
poses, have instructed me to report it back
and ask that the committee be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the joint select committee on the
subjectof retrenchment. That committee have
under consideration this subject of civil ser-
vice reform, or abuses in the Departments;
and it is thought more appropriate that the
wliole matter should be before the same com-
mittee.
The report was agreed to. *
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1099) to provide that all elections for
electors for President and Vice President and
members of Congress shall be by ballot, have
instructed me to report it back adversely, and
recommend its indefinite postponement. The
bill was introduced by the Senator from Indi-
ana, and if he desires it to go on the Calendar
it may do so.
Mr. MORTON. Let it be placed on the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom were referred the bill (S. No. 871)
to enforce the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States and to secure
and protect the rights, privileges, and immun-
ities of American citizenship, and to furnish
the means of their vindication, and the bill (S.
No. 114) to enforce the fourteenth article of
amendment of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, have instructed me to report them
back adversely, and recommend their indefi-
nite postnonement.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that I un-
derstand what those bills relate to; but if I
do, I do not want them indefinitely postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL, They relate to a subjeel,
on which we legislated at the last session of
Congress. The Senator will recollect that we
passed a bill providing for the enforcement of
both the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments
at the last session; and the committee were
of opinion that no other legislation at this time
was required in regard to the enforcement of
the fourteenth amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not know but that
one of those bills related to the right of all
citizens of the United States to vote.
Mr. 'TRUMBULL. That is a proposed
amendment to the Constitution.
Mr. POMEROY. I know that there is such
an amendment proposed; but I thought there
was a bill of that character. I will not object
to the indefinite postponement of these bills if
they relate to a subject we acted on the last
session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1110) to regulate appeals from the distuct
courts of the United States iu certain causes
of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, mtio-
duced by the Senator from ij assaehusetts, [Mr.
StoixiiR,] have instructed me to report it, back
adversely, and recommend its indefinite post-
ponement.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have that
bill go on the Calendar.
