1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go on the
Calendar with the adverse report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1125)
conferring certain jurisdiction on the United
States district court for the western district
of Arkansas, have directed me to report it
back adversely, and to recommend its indefi-
nite postponement.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1135) to
amend an act entitled "An act in addition to
an act entitled 'An act to amend the judicial
system of the United States,' " have instructed
me to report it back adversely, and recom-
mend its indefinite postponement.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is that the bill intro-
duced by me?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a bill introduced
by the Senator from Oregon. It is on the same
subject as the one introduced by the Senator
from Massachusetts, except in a different direc-
tion. One is a bill to authorize appeals in some
cases where they do not exist, and the other
not to allow them in cases where they do exist.
The committee recommend no action upon
the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Oregon desire to have this bill placed on
the Calendar?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse report
of the committee.
mississippi levees.
Mr. REVELS. I give notice that on Wednes-
day next I shall ask leave to call up and make
some observations on the bill to aid in the
repair and construction of the levees in the
State of Mississippi, which I presented a few
days prior to the recess of Congress.
bills introduced.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1179) to provide for the construction and
completion of the harbor at Duluth, in the
State of Minnesota j which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous c&nsent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1180)
to establish certain post routes in Washington
Territory; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1181) to provide for the redemption of
copper and other token coins ; which was read
twice by its title, referred 10 the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1182) to relieve J. W. Gurley, of New
Orleans, Louisiana, from legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OORBBTT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1183) to establish certain post roads in
Oregon and California; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1184)
to fix the pay of supreme judges in Idaho ler-
vitorv: which was read twice by its title, re-
iVrrud' to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WARNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
N o. 11S5) to provide for the appointment ot an
additional judge of the district courts in the
State of Alabama, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 274) for ocean steamship ser-
vice from Steilacoom city, Washington Terri-
tory, to the Sandwich Islands ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 275) to authorize the Secretary of
the Interior to exchange, sell, or dispose of
broken sets of congressional documents, and
certain other documents and odd volumes in
the custody of the Department of the Interior;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the joint Committee on the Library, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 276) for the relief of certain
Indians residing in Michigan and Indiana;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
mint laws.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is no other morn-
ing business, I desire to call up Senate bill No.
859, revising the laws relative to the mints and
assay offices. I submit a motion to that effect.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 859) revising the laws
relative to the mints, assay offices, and coinage
of the United States.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill,
but before concluding,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will suspend. The hour of one o'clock having
arrived, the Calendar is now before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone all
other business with a view to continue the con-
sideration of this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar
being before the Senate, the Senator from Ohio
moves to postpone its consideration with a
view to continuing the consideration of the bill
revising the laws relative to the mints.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope it will not take
long.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The mint bill is
still before the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I gave notice last week that
I should call up this morning the bill to refund
to the States moneys advanced during the war;
but I am not prepared to do so, and 1 now give
notice that on Wednesday next I shall ask the
Senate to take up that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Revels] has already given
notice that he will ask the Senate to take up
the bill in regard to the levees of the Missis-
sippi on Wednesday next. Does the Senator
suggest Thursday ?
Mr. MORTON. Then I will suggest Thurs-
day.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senate having voted
to postpone the consideration of the Calendar,
I apprehend it goes over until to-morrow, and
will not come up of itself after this bill is dis-
posed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If this bill should
be disposed of during the day then, under the
resolution adopted on the 7th of December,
the Calendar will come up, because that pro-
vides for a different rule from that found in the
eleventh standing rule of the Senate. It says
that the Calendar shall be taken up at one
o'clock every day, "unless, upon motion, the
Senate should at any time otherwise order.'
The Calendar is now postponed until thepend-
ing bill shall be disposed of. Therefore, it may
come up at three o'clock, or two o'clock, or
whatever time the pending bill shall be dis-
posed of.
Mr. POMEROY. I merely wanted a decis-
ion on that point, because it may be a question
of some importance at some day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The language of
the rule gives the Senate power to postpone
the Calendar at any time for the'purpose of
considering other business, and then the Cal-
endar could be taken up at three o'clock in-
stead of one o'clock, unless the Senate should
take up something else.
Mr. POMEROY. I agree to that; only ii
has not been considered so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading of the bill.
The Chief Clerk concluded the reading of
the bill.
mr. motley's correspondence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sec-
retary reports the amendments to the bill pro-
posed by the Committee on Finance the Chair
will present a message from the President in
response to a resolution of the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] in regard to the cor-
respondence of the late minister to Great Brit-
ain, Mr. Motley.
The Secretary read the message, as follows:
To the Senate of the United Stales :
I transmit to the Senate, in answer to their reso-
lution of the 5th insta,nt, n, report from the Secretary
of State, with accompanying papers.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion.
Washington, D. C., January 6,1871.
Mr. MORTON. I move that this corre-
spondence be laid on the table, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill and
joint resolution, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate:
A bill (H. li. 2026) for the relief of Harvey
D. Scott, of Indiana ; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 440) to enable
Robert C. Schenck to employ a private aman-
uensis.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills ; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President;
A bill (S. No. 1100) in relation to certain
territorial penitentiaries ;
A bill (S. No. 1119) relating to the print-
ing of the annual report of the Secretary of
War; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2209) to carry into effect
the decree of the circuit court of the United
States for tjie southern district of New^ York
in the ease of the schooner L. S. Davis and
her cargo.
robert c. sciienck.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 440) to
enable Robert C. Schenck, United States min-
ister to GreatBritain, to em ploy a private aman-
uensis, was read the first time by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent of the Senate to proceed with
the consideration of that joint resolution. I
think there can be no objection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be read a second time, subject to
objection.
The joint resolution was read the second
time at length. 'It provides that there be
allowed and paid to Robert C. Schenck, during
the time he may serve as minister of the United
States near the Government of Great Britain,
the additional sum of $2,500 per aunum, to
enable him to employ a private amanuensis on
account of partial disability of his right hand
from wounds received in battle.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution.
