1806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
eight dollars per month from the passage of
this act.
There was no objection; and the bill was
read three times, and
JACOB B. C0YLE.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 922) granting a pension to
Jacob B. Cuyle.
Mr. BIRD. I object.
LEANN COX.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 923) granting a pension to
Leann Cox.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Leann
Cox, mother of George C. Cox, late a private
in company M of the second regiment of
California cavalry, upon the pension-rolls, and
to pay her a pension at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month from the date of the passage
of this act.
There being no objection, the bill was read
three times, and passed.
HIRAM E. RHEA.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 936) granting a pension to
Hiram R. Rhea.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place upon the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Hiram R. Rhea, a
private in company G of the third regiment
of North Carolina mounted infantry, and to
pay him a pension'at the rate of eight dollars
per month from the date of the passage of
the act.
There was no objection; and the bill was
read three times, and passed.
NANCY S. LEDFORD,
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 974) for the relief of Nancy
S. Ledford.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Nancy S. Ledford,
widow of Christopher M. Ledford, late aprivate
in company F, second North Carolina mounted
infantry, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
commencing from the passage of the act, with
such further allowance as is provided by law
for her children under sixteen years of age;
and in the event of the death or remarriage of
the widow the pension is to continue to her
children under sixteen years of age until they
severally attain that age.
There was no objection; and the bill was
read three times, and passed.
JULIA TRAYNOR.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1005) granting a pension to
Julia Traynor.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of
the pension laws, the name of Julia Traynor,
widow of Lawrence Traynor, who died of
wounds received in fighting Indians, under
the command of General George Crook, at
Infernal Caverns, Oregon, in 1867, the pension
to be at the rate of eight dollars per month
from the date of the act.
There was no objection; and the bill was
read three times, and passed.
MARY B. COLLINS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1087) granting a pension to
Mary B. Collins.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Mary B.
Collins, widow of Charles 0. Collins, late
captain of the fourth regiment United States
artillery, upon the pension-roll of the Uni-
ted States, at the rate of twenty dollars per
month, commencing from-and after the pas-
sage of this act.
There was no objection; and the bill was
read three times, and
DONATION LAW.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (8. No. 1187) to extend the benefits
of the donation law of September 27, 1850, to
certain persons.
Mr. PETERS. I object..
K0XALANA W. SAWYER.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1161) for the relief of Rox-
alana W. Sawyer.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Roxalana
W. Sawyer, widow of the late Captain Horace
B. Sawyer, of the United States Navy, on the
pension-roll, at the rate of thirty dollars per
month from the passage of this act.
There was no objection ; and the bill was
read three times, and passed.
ADAM D: MYERS.
The next business Ifh. the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1240) granting a pension to
Adam D. Myers.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place ori the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension-laws, the name of Adam D. Myers,
late private company K, one hundred and
sixty-sixth regiment Pennsylvania infantry,
and to pay him a pension from and after the
passage of the bill.
There was no objection; and the bill was
read three times, and passed.
SARAH EVANS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1253) granting a pension to
Sarah Evans.
Mr. BENTON. I object. I want to exam-
ine that case.
LAND DISTRICT IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1266) to create a new land
district in the Territory of Washington.
The bill was read. It provides that all the
public lands in the Territory of Washington
lying east and north of the following bound-
aries- are to constitute a new land district, to
be called the Walla-Walla district: beginning
on the boundary line between the United States
and the British possessions, on the summit of
the Cascade mountains; thence southerly along
the line established by the first section of the
act of May 10,1860, entitled "An act to create
an additional land district in Washington Ter-
ritory," to the line dividing townships ten and
eleven north ; thence east to the line dividing
ranges nineteen and twenty east; thence south
along that line to the Columbia river. The
President is to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, or during the recess
thereof, and until the end of the next session
after such appointment, a register and receiver
for the district, who shall be required to reside
at the city of Walla-Walla until such time as
the President, in his discretion, may remove
the site of the land office from that city, be
subject to the same laws, and entitled to the
same compensation as is or may hereafter be
provided by law in relation to the existing land
offices and officers in the Territory of Wash-
ington.
There was no objection; and the bill was
read three times, and passed.
LAND DISTRICT IN FLORIDA.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1270) to create an additional
land district in Florida.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object.
CAROLINE PAYNE AND LYDIA W. M'LAUGIIHN.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1292) granting a pension to
Caroline Payne and Lydia W. McLaughlin.
Mr.BENT@N. I object; I want to examine
that bill.
JULIA WHISTLER.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1308) granting a pension to
Julia Whistler.
Mr. BIRD. I object.
MARTHA J. WILEY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1309) granting a pension
to Martha J. Wiley.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to pay, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pensions laws, Martha
J. Wiley, widow of George Wiley, late a pri-
vate in company F, seventh New Hampshire
volunteers, the sum to which she would have
been entitled on account of her child, under
sixteen years of age, had she obtained her
pension under the general law instead of by
the special act of May 22, 1866.
There was no objection; and the bill was
read three times, and passed.
JAMES COON.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1310) granting a pension
to James Coon.
Mr. BENTON. I object.
MARQAKEITA BECKER.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1311) granting a pension to
Margaretta Becker.
Mr. BIRD. I object.
CHARLES O. V. CLARK.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1326) granting a pension to
Charles O. F. Clark.
Mr. BIRD. I object.
SETTLERS IN IOWA.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 295) relating
to rights of actual settlers upon certain lands
in the State of Iowa.
Mr. BUCK. I object.
MEXICAN STEAMSHIP LINE.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 683) authorizing mail steam-
ship service in the Gulf of Mexico between
the port of New Orleans, Louisiana, and cer-
tain ports of the republic of Mexico.
Mr. CALKIN. I object.
NICHOLAS P. TRIST.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1068) for the relief of Nich-
olas P. Trist, negotiator of the treaty of Guad-
alupe Hidalgo.
Mr. WELKER. I object.
J. AND C. M. DAILEY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1341) for the relief of J. and
C. M. Dailey.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I object.
JOHN L. MILES.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution (S. R. No. 190) to compen-
sate John L. Miles, late second lieutenant in
second Indiana battery, for one horse lost in
the service.
Mr. HOLMAN. This claim is recommended
by the Committee of Claims of this House, and
1 trust there will be no objection to it.
The joint resolution was taken up, and read
a first and second time, ordered to a third,
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MIAMI INDIAN RESERVATION.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1249) to authorize the circuit
court of the United States in the State of Indi-
ana to make partition of the reservation to the
band of Me-to-sin-ia, a Miami Indian.
