868
THE COKGKESSIQNAL GLOBE.
January 9,
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MINX LAWS;
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S.
No. 859) revising the laws relative to the mints,
assay offices, and coinage of the United States,
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and the Secretary will report the first
amendment proposed by the Committee on
Finance.
The Chief Cleiik. The first amendment is
on page 2, section two, comrirencing at line
eight, to strike out the following words :
XIo [the Director of the Mint] shall appoint the
necessary clerks to discharge such duties as he shall
direct, whose appointment and rate of compensation
shall first be approved by theSecretary of the Treas-
ury- tie -hall also have charge of all other matters,
statistical and otherwise, tending to the development
of the mining industry of the precious metals.
And in lieu thereof to insert the following:
And the Secretary of the Treasury shall appoint a
number of clerks, classified according to law, neces-
sary to discharge the duties of said bureau.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was on page 8, section twelve, line six,
after the words " San Francisco " to insert the
word ''each; " so as to read:
To the superintendents of the mints at Philadel-
phia and San Francisco, each, $5,000,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 12, sec-
lion twenty live, alter the words ''as follows,"
in ihe third line, to insert:
For coinage, wliether thegoid andsilver deposited
be coined oi cast inro bars or inputs, in addition to
the charge forrelining or paiting the metals, three
tenths ot one per cent.
Mr. StlliRMAN. Before that matter is
referred to, I wish lo have a typographical
correction made on page 11. in line thirteen
of section nineteen, near the top of the page.
The word "on" should be inserted after the
word ''placed;" so as to read ''the Director
of the Mint, with the approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury, may cause the motto 'In God
wo trust,' to be placed on such coins as shall
admit of such legend." The word ''on" has
been left out by accident in printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made. The question is on the amend-
ment to section twenty-live, which has been
read.
Mr. COLE. I hope this amendment re-
ported by the Committee wiii not be agreed
to by the Senate. The bill as it was presented,
and 1 believe it was prepared very carefully
and considerately in the Department, left out
what has hitherto been known as the seignior-
age, or coinage charge, upon gold brought to
the mints to be converted into coin. This
charge I believe to be unjust and oppressive
to those who are in possession of bullion and
wish to convert it into com. With as much
propriety, in my judgment, might any one who
receives greenbacks or United States notes
irom tho Treasury be charged a percentage
lur tne printing of those notes. To convert
bullion into coin is of 110 special advantage
to the owner of that bullion. It is of advan-
tage, however, to the country at large to have
bullion converted into the coin of the United
States. _ I need not go into an argument to
show this advantage. The best argument in
favor of it is that the mints are established by
the United States and carried on at consider-
able expense to convert the precious metals
into coin.
Besides, the Constitution makes it a monop-
oly on the part of the Government to create
fins. iSTo private establishment can convert
bullion into the legal coin of the UnitedStat.es.
'.Ihe Government claims this privilege exclu-
sively. It performs it for such as having bul-
lion desire to have it converted into coin, and
then charges them for this conversion.
This charge is regarded as exceedingly
oppressive, as it really is, to the people of the
Pacific coast, where bullion is the result of
their labor. The effect of it is to drive a large
amount of bullion out of the country. This,
to be sure, does not amount to a great deal in
comparison to the whole amount that is brought
to the mint for coinage, but the percentage is
sufficient to present an inducement to those
having bullion, to bankers who deal in bullion,
to send it out of the country to be converted
into the coin of other countries. This one
half of one per cent, or three tenths of one
per cent., as is proposed in this bill, is a suffi-
cient inducement on the part of those who
have bullion to let it go out of the country in
the form of bullion in the payment of debts
that they may owe abroad. A great deal of
gold bullion is thus sent out of the country
which would otherwise be converted into
American coin. A great proportion of it goes
to the great center of money operations of the
world, to London, where the gold is converted
into coin without any charge to the owner.
This is a percentage, therefore, in favor of the
British Governnient'5 institution, and against
our own, and as I have said, it prevents a very
large amount of bullion being converted into
American coins that would otherwise be so
stamped.
It is estimated that the amount that is sent
abroad in this way is some ten or twelve mil-
lions each year, all of which, in addition to the
amount that is already converted into Amer-
ican coins, would be so converted but for this
charge of one half or three tenths of one per
cent. Perhaps the reduction of the charge
from the present amount of one half of one
per cent, to three tenths of one per cent,
will result in Some considerable proportion
more of the bullion that has been sent abroad
being retained for coinage; but even that
charge is unjust. There is no mote propriety
in making a charge for this coinage than there
would be in making a charge for the printing
I of the United States notes or the bonds of the
United States to those who receive them from
the Treasury. It is no advantage to the per-
sons owning thegoid. It adds no value to their
commodity, nor are they in any sense enriched
by it.
The people of the Pacific coast are exceed-
ingly anxious on this question. It has been
the subject of discussion there for a long time.
The people there are, with wonderful unanimity,
against this charge, for the reason that it drives
gold out of the country which would otherwise
remain in the country. It drives it abroad for
coinage, whereas if' it were coined in our own
Mint it would enter into the circulation and
business of the country and be retained here.
Without having heard any argument to-day
in favor of retaining this charge, I shall not
further attempt to present the question at the
present time. I hope, however, that the amend-
ment will not be agreed to, and that the bill
will be left in the very excelientform in which
it stood as presented to the Senate, it having,
as I understand, been carefully considered by
the Treasury Department, and by the persons
most capable of putting it in proper shape.
Mr. SHERMAN. On aquestion of this kind,
which involves rather a matter of business de-
tail, it is somewhat difficult to secure the atten-
tion of the Senate, but I hope I shall secure
it sufficiently to show that this amendment is
vital to the passage of this bill. Without this
amendment I certainly would not vote for the
bill, and I imagine that a majority of the Sen-
ate would not if they understood the subject,
as thoroughly and as well as most of the Com-
mittee on Finance, who have examined it.
The original bill, introduced by me at the
last session of Cougress, retained the old mint-
age charge of one half of one per cent, on the
gold com of the United States. That bill was
submitted to all the experts in the United
States on the subject of mintage, and received
the hearty approval of nearly every one of
them, and generally (I think without any excep-
tion but the officers of the mint in San Fran-
cisco) they were in favor of retaining the mint-
ing charge, as it is called. I have before
me the testimony of Mr. Patterson, who, I
presume, is regarded as the chief expert and
the best expert in the United States in tho
minting business, and he speaks of the reten-
tion of the mintage charge in the bill intro-
duced at the last session of Congress in those
words :
" The present one half per cent, coinage charge is
retained. The only mint where coinage is free is
the British, and the political economists and states-
men are so unanimous in recommending a seignior-
age that the chancellor of the exchequer proposes
to introduce it into Great Britain. It would be
strange if we, by retrograding, while she is advanc-
ing, should becurue tlie sole exemplars of ail ex-
ploded system. It would, in view of an interna-
tional coinage, be especially inopportune to aban-
don a seigniorage, tor it is recognized on all hands
that under such a code there must be a tax, and a
uniform tax for coinage. (See section 25 of revised
bill; also English coinage act, 1870, section S, Senate
Miscellaneous Document 132, Forty-First Congress,
second session, page 31.)"
The theory of the coinage charge is this:
that every process of minting should be self-
sustaining ; that the mints of the United States
are established for the benefit of the people, to
stamp the coin, and that every process of the
manufacture of coin should be self-sustaining;
that the owners of the gold which is coined,
of the silver which is coined, of the copper
which is coined, should pay the expense of mint-
ing. That has been the theory upon which the
Mint of the United States has always existed,
and the theory that has been adopted also in
every other country except Great Britain, where
they departed from it for a special reason.
Therefore, in the original bill that was intro-
duced last session, in that respect my friend
from California is in error—the mintage charge
was maintained at one half of one per cent.
In the amended bill, which was sent to us by
the Department after examination, this mint-
age charge was omitted ; not for the purpose
of expressing an opinion against the mintage
charge, but tor the purpose of submitting that
question again to the Committee on Finance
and the Senate of the United States. The Com-
mittee on Finance, after a careful considera-
tion and examination of the question, decided
to restore the mintage charge, but to reduce it
to three tenths of one per cent. The reason
of that is this : under the old system, when the
amount of gold coinage was much less than it
is now, the expense of coining gold was about
one half of one per cent., and therefore fur
many years the mintage charge was retained
at one half of one per cent.; but now, on ac-
count of the largely increased quantity of gold
to be manufactured into coin, and also on ac-
count of the cheapening of the various processes
of the Mint, the cost of minting is much less
than formerly. I ascertained as nearly as pos-
sible the actual cost of converting standard
bars into gold coin, and the concurrent testi-
mony of nearly all is that it is about three
tenths of one per cent. At that rate we pro-
pose to leave the mintage charge.
Mr. President, there are two questions th.tt
must be considered in deciding this matter:
first, a question of revenue. It is proposed
now by the Senator from California that tlu>
whole expense of the Mint, so far as gold coin-
age is concerned, shall be thrown on the Gov-
ernment of the United States ; that the owners
of the gold, whose property is to bo benefited
by its passing through the Mint, shall bear no
portion of it, but that the people of the Uniicd
States shall pay the entire cost of the Mint,
without any drawback orwithout any payine-it
by those wnose gold is to be stamped with ihe
insignia of the United States.
# As a question of revenue, I submit to joti.
sir, whether, when we ate taxiing almost every-
thing tnat is consumed, when our system of
taxation has extended further than ever bef,u o.
it is now wise to abolish a charge which yields
us at the present rate $150,000 a year, and
which will yield us at the rate proposed by this
amendment about one hundred thousand dol-
