1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1807
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Would it be in
order to move an amendment to this bill?
The SPEAKER. Not at present. It will
be on the next call of business on the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Let it go over for
the present.
bounties.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1364) in relation to bounties.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I have an amend-
ment! desire to offer to this bill; let it go over
for the present.
salary of texas judges.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1370) for the payment of sal-
ary and expenses of United States district
judges in Texas.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
bridge across the mississippi.
The next business on the Speaker's table
wasabill(S. No. 1301) in relation to the bridge
across the Mississippi river at Clinton, Iowa.
• Mr. SAWYER. I object.
frederick p. dimpeel.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1305) for the relief of Fred-
erick P. Dimpfel.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I object.
patent laws.
The next business on the Speaker's table
•was a bill (S. No. 1350) to amend an act to
revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to patents and copyrights.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
ellis a. iiaines.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1371) granting a pension to
Ellis A. Haines.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the'pension laws,
the name of Ellis A. Haines, late a scout in
the second cavalry division United States
Army, department of West Virginia, at the
rate of eight dollars per month from and after
the passage of this act.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
assistants in library of congress.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1241) to adjust and fix the
compensation of the assistants employed in
the Library of Congress.
The bill was read. It provides that the
assistants employed in the office of the Li-
brarian of Congress shall receive the following
rates of compensation, commencing with the
1st day of July, 1871: three assistant libra-
rians, at $2,500 each ; two assistants, at $1,800
each ; one assistant, at $1,600; two assistants,
at $1,440each; three assistants, at$l,200each;
two assistants, at $1,000 each; one assistant,
at $900.
There being no objection, the bill was read
three times, and passed.
home industrial school,
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution (S. R. No. 326) for the
benefit of the Home Industrial School of the
District of Columbia.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I object.
land for schools in arkansas.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 1884) to allow the
school trustees in the State of Arkansas to
enter land for school purposes under the
homestead lav.
Mr. BIRD. I object.
railroad from new" york to washington.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 19) to authorize the
building of a military and postal railway from
Washington, District of Columbia, to the city
of New York.
Objection was made.
education in the district of columbia.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 2066) to provide a
uniform system of education for the District
of Columbia.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
right of action in certain cases.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was.the bill (H. R. No. 2607) to give a right
of action for injuries in certain cases.
Objection was made.
appointments to natal retired list.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. No. 313) author-
izing the nomination and appointment to the
retired list of the Navy of certain volunteer
officers on the active list of the Navy who are
disabled in consequence of wounds received
during the late war.
The joint resolutioffcwas read. It author-
izes the President of the United States to
nominate and, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint upon the
retired list of the Navy, with the rank of lieu-
tenant, Henry C. Keene, now a volunteer lieu-
tenant on the active list of the Navy, and to
so nominate and appoint upon the retired list,
with the rank of master, Edward E. Bradbury,
now a mate on the active list of the Navy.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was read three times, and passed.
james belger.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1214) to authorize the
restoration of James Belger to the rank of
major and quartermaster in the Army.
, Mr. KELSEY. I object.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The business upon the
Speaker's table has now been gone through,
for the consideration of measures to which
there was no objection. According to_ the"
understanding had yesterday, the business
will now be again gone through, that members
may move a suspension of the rules upon bills,
&c., which they desire to have acted on.. The
Chair can only repeat the request that where a
vote is decisive against the suspension of the
rules the member having charge of the bill
will not detain the House by a call for the yeas
and nays.
election of representatives, etc.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
1705) to fix the time for the election of Rep-
resentatives and Delegates in the Congress of
the United States.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to suspend the
rules to pass this bill.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman propose
that the House? concur in the amendment of
the Senate? The amendment is a provision
for apportionment.
The SPEAKER. The Senate has amended
by attaching an apportionment bill.
Mr. ALLISON. I call for the reading of
the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend by adding the following as new sections:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted,, lhat from and
after the 3d day of March, 1871. the House of Repre-
sentatives shall be composed of three hundred mem-
bers, to be apportioned among the several btates m
accordance with the provisions of this act: Provided,
That if, after such apportionment shall have been
made, any new State shall be admitted mto the
Union, the Representative, or Representatn es of
such new State shall be additional to the number of
three hundred herein limited: and if the represent-
ation of any State shall be increased or diminished
by such apportionment, any additional Represent-
ative or Representatives of such State so increased
and all the Representatives of any State so dimin-
ished in the Forty-Second Congress shall be chosen
by the State at large.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That immediately
after the next enumeration of the inhabitants of the
United States shall have been completed according
to law, and before the 20th day of September, 1870,
the Superintendent of the Census shall prepare and
submit to the Secretary of the Interior a preliminary
report of the results of such enumeration, embracing
such statistics as shall be necessary to enable the Sec-
retary of the Interior to perform the duties in this
act prescribed.
Sec. 5. And be it further■ enacted, That after the
preliminary report provided for in the foregoing
section shaJl have been submitted to the Secretary
of the Interior, he shall ascertain from such pre-
liminary report the basis of representation of each.
State, and the aggregate basis of representation of
the United States, and he shall ascertain the basis
of representation of the several congressional dis-
tricts by dividing the aggregate basis of representa-
tion of the United States by the number three hun-
dred, rejecting any fraction of a unit which may
remain; and he shall ascertain tbe'number of Rep-
resentatives to be apportioned to each State by
dividing the basis of representation of such State by
the basis of representation of the several congres-
sional districts, rej ecting any fraction of a unit wnioh
may remain; and he shall apportion so many addi-
tional Representatives to theStateshaving the largest
rejected fractions, one to each, as shall make the
whole number of Representatives three hundred;
and every State having a fraction exceeding ono
half of the number required for aRepresentativeshall
have one Representative added to its representation.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That theSecretary
of the Interior shall, on the receipt of such prelim-
inary report, immediately prepare and transmit
under the seal of his office to the Speaker of the
House of Representatives and to the Governor of
each of the States a certified .statement of his pro-
ceedings under the provisions of this act.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts in conflict with the provisions of this
act are hereby repealed.
Amend the title so as to read: 'An act to nxthe
time for the election and provide for the apportion-
ment of Representatives and Delegates in the Con-
gress of the United States."
Mr. ALLISON. I move to suspend tbe rules
in order to non-concur in the amendment of
the Senate, and ask for a committee of con-
ference.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
89, noes 58.
Mr. CONGER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Allison were appointed.
The House again divided; and there were—
ayes 77, noes 73.
Mr. CONGER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 100, nays 87, not voting
53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Asper,
Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Barry, Beatty, Beck, Be-
thune, Bingham, Boles, Bowen, Buck, Burchard,
Burdett, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Conner,
Cook, Crebs, Cullom, Degener, Joseph Dixon, Doek-
ery. Dox, Duval, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fitch, Jox,
Hambleton, Hamill, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Hefim,
Hill, Hoge, Ingersoll, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Logan. Loughndje,
Manning, Marshall, McCarthy, McCormick, Mc-
Crary, MeGrew, McKee, McKenzie, McNeely. Jesse
II. Moore, Morphis, Orth, Paokard, HalbertE. Paine,
Palmer, Piatt, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosper, Rice,
Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks, Lionel A. Shel-
don, Sherrod, Shober, Joseph S. Smith, Stevenson,
Stokes, Stone, Stoughton, Strickland, Swann, iaile,
Trimble, Upson, Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Whiteley, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Williams,
Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Witcher, Wolf, and
YNAfs1—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Bailey, Banks, Barnurn, Bennett, Biggs, JJiM,
Blair, Booker, George M. Brooks, James Brooks,
Buffinton, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, Cowles, Cox,
Dawes, Dickinson, Nathan F. Dixon, Donley., Ela,
Ferriss. Fisher, Gets, Gilhllan, Haight, Haldeman,
Hale, Hoar, Holman, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr, Keteham, Knapp, Laflra.
Lash, Lawrence, Lewis, Lynch, Mayn&rd, Mereur,
William Moore, Morgan, DanieKT. Morrell, Horns-
sey, Myers. Negley, Kiblack, 0 Neill, Packer, Pgjk,
Peters, Poland, Randall, Santord, Schumaker, Sco-
fteld. Porter Sheldon, Slocum, Jonn A. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens Stiles,
Strader. Strong, Tanner, Taylor. Iwichell, Van Au-
ken Van Trump, Wallace. Ward. William 13. Wasn-
burn, Wells, Wheeler, Willard, John T. Wilson, and
WN0^V0TIN0—Messrs. Bearnan,
ton, Boyd.Buckley, Burr,
erick R. Butler, Cake, Cleveland,Corker,^th Gar-
Dickey, Duke, Dyer, Eldridge%™srfs0ghl'w^rs
field Gibson. Gnswold, Hamilton, Harris, iA.twKins,
Jenckes, Keiiogg, Knott, Muii-
Eliakim H. Moore,■ More^Samue.P.Morrill. Mun
een Newsham, William W. Paine, i'erce, rnelps,
f&ttfi Price Rainey, Reeves, Rogers. William
J. Smith, Sweeney, Sypher, Tillman, Townsend,
