J 808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
March 1,
Tvner, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Welker, Winans, and
Wood—53.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the House refused to suspend the rules
for theipurpose indicated.
committees 01? conference.
The SPEAKER announced the following
committees of conference on the part of the
House:
Oil Senate, bill No. 995, for the relief of
purchasers of lands sold for direct taxes in the
insurrectionary States, Mr. Cook, Mr. Peters,
and Mr. Cox; and
On Senate bill No. 878, to amend an act
entitled ,-An act to establish and declare the
railroad and bridges of the New Orleans,
Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad Company,
as hereafter constructed, a post road, and for
other purposes," approved March 2, 1868,
Mr. Coxger, Mr. Sypiier, and Mr. Sheldon
ofLouistana.
enrolled bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and joint res-
olutions of the following titles ; when the
Speaker signed the same :
An act (If. It. No. 550) granting a pension
to George Menz;
An act (H. K. No. 6S9) for the relief of
Hull & Cozzens and John Naylor & Co. ;
An act(H. 11. No. 1342) granting a pension
to Emma M. Moore;
An act (II. 11. No. 1478) to provide for cele-
brating the one hundred th anniversary of Amer-
ican independence, by holding an international
exhibition of arts, manufactures, and products
of the soil and mine, iti the city of Philadel-
phia and State of Pennsylvania, in the year
187G;
An aet(H. R. No. 1G10) granting a pension
to Mary H. Ailing;
An act (H. R. No. 1G19) to restore Robert
Boyd, jr., to the active list of the Navy of the
United States;
An act (II. It. No. 1988) granting a pension
to W. C. Pickens:
An act (II. R. No. 19S9) granting a pension
to Anna F. Hart;
An act (II. R. No. 2173) to amend an act
entitled "An act to reduce the expenses of
the survey and sale of the public lands in the
United States," approved May 30, 1862;
An act (H. R. No. 2230) granting a pension
to Benjamin F. Burnlmm ;
Av act (IL It. No. 2235) granting a pension
to William Powell ;
An act (H. R. No. 2307) granting a pension
to Zelica '1'. Dunlap;
An act (11. R. No. 2313) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Ravenserofr,;
An act (EL. It. No. 3083) to authorize the
construction of a bridge over the Mississippi
river at Louisiana, Missouri, and also abridge
over the Missouri river at Glasgow, in said
Sta'e;
Joint resolution (S. It. No. 315) relating to
balances of appropriations for the Library of
Congress and Botanic Garden; and
Joint resolution (II. il. No. 488) to enable
owners to obtain duplicate of lost and destroyed
registered bonds of the United States.
message from 1'iie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sox, one of its elerks, informed the House
that the Senate had agreed to the request of
the House for a committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 2579) making appropriations for the
ssrvice of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June 30, 1872. and for other pur-
poses, and had appointed Mr. Cole, Mr. Ram-
sey, and Mr. Sherman managers of the con-
ference on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate agreed to the amendment of the House
to the amendment of the Senate to the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 409) granting the Chi-
cago and Illinois Railroad Company the right
to build a bridge across, the Wabash river and
to declare the same a post road.
The message also announced that the Senate
agreed to the amendment of the House to the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 1582) authorizing terms of United States
district courts to be held in Helena, Arkansas.
fort riley and fort smith railroad,
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution (S. R. No. 129) to amend
section ten of an actentitled " An act granting
lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of a southern branch of the Union
Pacific railway and telegraph from Fort Riley,
Kansas, to Fort Smith, Arkansas."
Mr. LAFLIN. I move to suspend the rules
and to pas3 the joint resolution. It simply
provides for the correction of an error in the
enrollment.
Mr. VAN HORN. That is an old story
about correcting the enrollment. Nobody
knows whether it is soat not.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be reported. ,,
The joint resolution was read. Thepream-
ble recites that the tenth section of the act
passed July 26, 1866, entitled " An act grant-
ing lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the
construction of a southern branch of the
Union Pacific railway and telegraph from Fort
Itiley, Kansas, to Fort Smith, Arkansas," was
incorrectly enrolled by the omission of the
words "of the President" after the word
" approval," in the said section, as appeared
in the engrossed copy in the, records of the.
Senate. The joint resolution therefore pro-
vides that the section be amended by adding
the words " of the President" after the word
"approval," in said section.
Mr. VAN HORN. This was never discov-
ered until after new legislation was refused in
reference to this very subject. It simply gives
the company unlimited power over that coun-
try, which was denied in the original bill.
There was no evidence before the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad warranting this joint
resolution.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question being put on the motion to
suspend the rules and pass the joint resolu-
tion, there were—ayes 45, noes 38; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and Mr. Van Horn and Mr. Laflin
were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-nine, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended, and
the joint resolutiou was returned to the
Speaker's table.
land grant to kansas.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 445) to amend an actentitled
"An act for a grant of lands to the State of
Kansas, in alternate sections, t.o aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads and telegraphs in
said State."
No motion was made to suspend the rules
with reference to this bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill will remain on
the Speaker's table. When the title of a bill
is read, and no gentleman moves to suspend
the rules, it will he returned to the Speaker's
table.
land grants to alabama.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 143) to renew certain grants
of land to the State of Alabama.
No motion being made to suspend the rules,
the bill remained on the Speaker's table.
green bay and lake pepin railway.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 72) granting lands to the
State of Wisconsin to aid in the construction
of the Green Bay and L;ike Pepin railway.
No motion being made to suspend the rules,
the bill remained on the Speaker's table.
shawnee reservation.
The nest business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. 11. No. 49) directing
the Secretary of the Interior to issue a patent
to the Indiana Yearly Meeting of the Society
of Friends for a certain tract of land in the
Shawnee reservation.
Sir. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask that that
joint resolution be referred to the Committee
on Indi:m Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for the reading of
the joint resolution.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. The land has
already been sold by the Department of the
Interior, The resolution is of no use what-
ever.
The joint resolution was read. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to cause to he
issued to the Indiana Yearly Meeting of the
religious Society of Friends a patent for a cer-
tain three hundred and twenty acre tract of
land on which are located the Friends' manual-
labor school buildings in Johnson county, Kan-
sas, in pursuance of an agreement entered into
on the 18th day of September, 1858, between
Simon O. Marcy, superintendent, on the part
of the Friends, and the agents and cotinciltnen
of the Shawnee tribe of Indians, and ratified
in a full general council of the Indians, on the
receipt of $500 by the Secretary to be paid
into their tribal fund for general beneficent
purposes.-
Mr. JULIAN. This joint resolution is a
proper one. I move to suspend the rules and
pass it.
The question being put on suspending the
rules, there were—ayes 52, noes 14; no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. If the gentle-
man will hear me for a moment I think ho will
not call for a further count.
Mr. NEGL-EY. I object to debate.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I only desire to
say a single word. This land was sold some
time last summer by the Interior Department,
and the bill if passed would be of no force
whatever.
Mr. JULIAN. I only know that the Quak-
ers who claim this ground were very anxious
that the bill should pass. I know also that it
had the approval of the Department of the
Interior.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. The Quakers
ought to knon£ better.
The SPEAKER. Is a further count insisted
upon?
Mr. HAYS. I insist on a further count.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and Mr. Julian, and Mr. Clarke of
Kansas, were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes sixty-three, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended, and the bill
remained on the Speaker's table.
omaha, etc., railroad company.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 393) to aid in the construc-
tion of the Omaha and Northwestern railroad
and telegraph line from.Omaha, via the mouth
of the Niobrara river, to a point of junction
with the Northern Pacific railroad in Dakota
Territory.
No motion to suspend the rules being made,
the bill remained on the Speaker's table.
missouri and arkansas land grant.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S.^No. 483) granting lands and tlm
right of way in Missouri and Arkansas to aid
in the construction of a railioad and telegraph
line along or near the thirty-sixth parallel of
north latitude, from the Mississippi river to
the Arkansas river
