1196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
[Mr. Golf,] looking directly at me, and, I
have no doubt, thinking about the two dis-
tricts he insists upon having in California.
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; I have been thinking
of them for a good while.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And I can turn my eye
to several other members of the Senate who
are looking for additional districts in their
respective States. The Senator from Louis-
iana [Mr. Kellogg] has a bill, which has-
already passed the House, for two districts
there. ' Four or five years ago we abolished
one ©f the districts in Louisiana because it
had no business to do, and we did the same
thing in 'California. My friend from Rhode
Island [Mr. Anthony] says his State will
want another; and where is it to stop? They
have got two capitals in Rhode Island—New-
port and Providence. It is not a very large
State, but they are unable to do business at
ore capital, and they will want a judge at each
capital. [Laughter.]
If we go on in this way I do not know where
the stopping-place is to be. The result will be
that you will break down the judicial system.
We can have under the Constitution of , the
United States but one Supreme Court. That
is provided for by the Constitution. The busi-
ness in that court is now so great as to amount
almost to a denial of justice. We have relieved
the justices of the Supreme Court to some
extent from their circuit duties, and yet they
are unable to keep up with the business that
is brought here ; and as you multiply the dis-
trict courts you will multiply the business in
these conrts and in the circuit courts, and, as
that is multiplied, of course it brings more
business to the Supreme Court. Lawyers will
avail themselves of the United States courts
for collection purposes and for bringing suits
ill them by reason of convenience when the
term of the court is nearer perhaps than the
term of the State court. It seems to me the
policy of the Federal Government should be
to keep out of the United States courts all
business that can be just as well done in the
judicial tribunals of the States, as all business
between citizen and citizen generally can be.
There is another reason why this pressure
for United States courts at this time ought not
to be yielded to. We are told by gentlemen
from various States at this time that there is a
great pressure of business. They tell us there
is a great deal of bankrupt business, a great
deal of business arising under the internal rev-
enue laws, a great deal of business growing
out of the recent rebellion. All that is true ;
but this business is temporary. Take the bank-
rupt business, if you please. We have now got
through with nearly all the voluntary eases in
bankruptcy, and hereafter there will be only
such cases in bankruptcy as arise out of the
current business of the country, and generally
of an involuntary character. There will be
very little bankrupt business to crowd the
courts after this.
The same thing is true in regard to the busi-
ness growing out of our internal revenue sys-
tem. That system is very much simplified now.
The number of articles that are taxed under
the internal revenue laws is very few compared
with what it formerly was, and the law is being
better understood, so that there will be much
less litigation for years to come than there has
been, and this crowd of business arising from
cases under the internal revenue system will
directly be out, of the way. The same remark
is true in regard to the litigation that has
grown out of the recent rebellion. We hope
that that will diminish, and it certainly will
gradually. We have had a great deal of that
litigation, but it will be less in years to come.
It should beremembered, however, that if we
once establish these courts they are established
forever. It is a very difficult, ana, I may say,
almost an impossible thing to get rid of a court
once established. We know that the judges
hold their ofiices during good behavior, and
when a judge is once appointed and a court
established it is a rare thing that it has ever
been dispensed with. It has been in two or
three instances where the judge died and there
was no business in his district; and then it has
been consolidated with another district. That
was done in California and done in Louisiana,
and they are the only two instances I recollect
since my term of service in the Senate.
These considerations I submit to the good
judgment of the Senate as to whether we
should not withhold our assent from these
bills. I have no special objection to this one
bill, and I am sorry that I am put in the
position of opposition to a bill reported by the
Senator from Arkansas; it is not as to that
particular bill, but it is as to the general sys-
tem that is now obtaining, and which, if it
obtains in this case, will be followed in others.
This is the first one that is brought up to which
my attention is called. A bill in reference to
Virginia passed the other day before I was
aware of it; but there are some reasons in ref-
erence to that which probably do not obtain
in this case.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that there are two United States
district courts now in Arkansas?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The judge holds court
now at two places. The State is divided for
judicial purposes into two districts, but the
same judge holds court in both. In some of
the States there are three; the State of Ten-
nessee has three judicial districts ; but one
judge, however. This bill now is to provide
a judge and the other machinery for two dis-
tinct districts in the State of Arkansas.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I do not wish
to discuss the question at any length, and I
do not mean to discuss any bill but the one
before the Senate. In the State of Arkansas
there are now two judicial districts. The west-
ern district includes not only the counties of
that State which are within its boundaries, but
also the Indian country west of it; and one
judge holds the courts for both the eastern and
western districts. The amount of business is
such that it is impossible for that judge to do
it, and it becomes necessary for the dispatch
of business that there be an additional judge ;
and that is all we ask by this bill which is an
expense to the Government. The same mar-
shal and the same clerks will do the business
as before, with the exception of an additional
clerk at Helena; and I will say in that con-
nection that the clerks' ofiices in both districts
have a surplus for the Government. The
amount they are allowed by law is not near as
much as they receive in fees, and therefore
there will be no expense for the additional
clerk. The only expense will be for the addi-
tional judge. It is an absolute necessity there;
and I hope the bill will pass. I will not argue
it further. The morning hour is about out.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the remarks Of the
honorable Senator from Illinois exceedingly
just, wise, and timely. The disposition to
carry all the judicial business of the States
into the Federal courts is one of the great and
growing evils of the day. Whenever Congress
passes a law authorizing the United States
districtcwrtin a State to be held at two places
it is the certain introduction of a proposition,
and too often of a law, to establish two dis-
tricts and two district courts. I agree with
the remark of the honorable Senator from
Illinois that, as a general rule, the judicial busi-
ness local to each State ought to be carried
into the courts of the State; that business
ought not to be carried, as a general rule, into
the United States courts at all. It is a great
abuse, a great evil, and a great addition to the
cost of litigation to carry business from the
State courts into the United States courts.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky will please suspend his remarks.
The morning hour has expired, and the unfin-
ished business pending at the adjournment
last evening is before the Senate, being the
bill (S. No. 083) authorizing mail steamship
service in the Gulf of Mexico between the
port of New Orleans and certain ports of the
republic of Mexico.
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. President 
Mr. RICE. If the Senator from Louisiana
will give wav for a moment, I ask that that
bill be informally passed over until we get a
vote on this bill. I will not discuss it further.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will not object if there
is to be a vote on that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the unfinished business will be in-
formally passed over subject to demand for the
regular order, and the Senator from Kentucky
will resume his remarks.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois stated that much, the most of
the business that at present originates in the
United States courts is owing to temporary
causes. The war and its legislation produced
a large amount of business to be transferred
from the State into the Federal courts. The
internal revenue system has also been a fruit-
ful origin of such business, and then the bank-
rupt law. These causes of litigation are tem-
porary in their character. The great efflux of
legal business which they have caused in the
Federal courts must cease in a very short time ;
and when the business has ebbed back to its
original and its normal condition the pres-
ent facilities of United States courts will be
amply sufficient to answer all the just demands
of the country.
Mr. President, it is not the wants of the
country or the demands of the people, as a
general rule, that cause this multiplication of
Federal courts. It is the arrangement and
the enterprise of bars, numerous and talented,
at particular points. The members of the bar
know that the scale of fees in the Federal
courts is larger than it is in the State courts.
Their object, then, is to transfer as much of the
local business which ought to be done in the
State courts to the Federal courts as possible,
for the purpose of increasing their emoluments
and their revenue. Such has been the fact in
the State of Kentucky, and I have no doubt it
is the fact everywhere. In former years the
business of the district and circuit courts of
the United States in the State of Kentucky
was almost nominal. It will become so again
when the extraordinary state of things pro-
duced by the war and by the bankrupt act has
passed away by the efflux of time.
There are now, as the honorable Senator
from Illinois has said, various propositions
to increase the judicial districts in many
States. There is such a proposition in rela-
tion to the State of Kentucky. I am not only
willing to vote against that proposition in rela-
tion to Kentucky and Arkansas and all other
States, but I am willing to vote for the repeal
of the laws that authorize the holding of the
Federal court at any point in the State of Ken-
tucky except the capital. A court held there
at that point alone, and the State to constitute
a single district, would be amply sufficient to
answer all the just and proper demands of the
country for the administration of justice in the
courts of the United States.
The evil is a rolling snow. A boy's snow-
ball started this morning would not increase
more rapidly than this progress of the mul-
tiplication of United States courts in the
different States will increase unless the whole
system is arrested.
Mr. KELLOGG. Will the Senator from
Kentucky give way to me ?
Mr. DAVIS. For what purpose?
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to call uj) the
regular order. I am appealed to on all sides.
Mr. STEWAIIT. I should like to say one
word on this question.
Mr. RICE. I thin k we can get a vote on
this bill as soon as the Senator from Kentucky
concludes. .
Mr. WILSON. No, you cannot.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to make a single
remark. 1 wish the Senate to know what bill
