1810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 1,
that motion. And he will advise the gentle-
man that if the motion were adopted the reso-
lution could not retain its position before the
House, as it would be displaced by the first
motion to suspend the rules. The gentleman
can move to suspend the rules so as to pass
the joint resolution with an amendment.
Mr. WASHBTJRN, of Wisconsin. I move
to suspend the rules; and if the rules be sus-
pended I will move an amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. I call attention to the fact
that this is plainly a land-grant bill. It is the
same old St. Croix and Bayfield bill which the
House has once defeated.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Wisconsin move to suspend the rules to pass
the joint resolution with an amendment?
Mr. LOGAN. I suggest to the gentleman
to amend it by adding the bill relating to the
Central Branch Union Pacific railroad.
Mr. RANDALL. That will make it doubly
bad.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move to
suspend the rules so as to pass the joint reso-
lution with an amendment, adding what I send
to the Chair.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of o.rder
that it is not in order to amend a bill by adding
another bill pending in the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct
in his statement of the rule; but this is a
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the bill proposed
to be added ?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
title.
The Clerk read as follows :
Senate bill No. 469, entitled "An act relating to
the Central Branch Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order that this is not germane to the other
bill.
The SPEAKER. The rules provide specif-
ically that a bill granting land to one State may
be amended by adding a provision giving land
to another State. Hence, even under the rule
the amendment is germane. But the present
motion is to suspend the rules.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I with-
draw the amendment. Let the vote be taken
on tlje motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. SHANKS. I call for the reading of the
join resolution.
The joint resolution was read.
By the first section of the joint resolution the
grant of land heretofore made to the State of
Wisconsin by the acts approved June 3, 185G,
and May 5, 186-1, to aid in building a railroad
from St. Croix river or lake to Superior and
to Bayfield is renewed and extended for the
period of seven years lo the State of Wisconsin
for the use and benefit of the railway compa-
nies designated by the State in the year 1869,
such extension to commence and date from
May 5, 1869; all lands to be conveyed by
patent, upon the same terms and conditions
as are contained in the act granting land to
the State, approved June 3, 1856. The word
"mineral," when used in the preceding acts, is
not to be held to include coal or iron. Neither
of the railway companies is to be entitled
to the provisions of this resolution unless it
shall complete twenty miles of its road within
eighteen months from the date of the passage
of the resolution, and at the rate of twenty miles
a year thereafter, until the same is finished.
Should any company to which this grant may
inure fail to build its road within the time ex-
tended, that portion of the lands for which
such company shall not be entitled to patents
shall revert to the United States, and shall be
immediately placed in market and subject to
private entry, preemption, and homestead loca-
tion under existing laws. The company or
companies to which this grant may inure are
each required to deposit with the treasurer of
Wisconsin, for the use of the State, within sixty
days from the passage of the resolution, the
sum of $50,000, in such securities, national or
State, as shall be satisfactory to the Governor
of the State, and if either of the railway com-
panies shall fail to comply with the provisions
of the resolution the sum so deposited by the
company shall be forfeited to the State; and as
soon as either of the railway companies shall
have constructed twenty miles of its road to
the satisfaction of the Governor the securities
so deposited by it shall be returned to such
company; and should either of the companies
fail to comply with any of the provisions of
the resolution the State of Wisconsin may trans-
fer the lands heretofore and hereby granted,
to which such company would be entitled by
a compliance with the provisions of this reso-
lution, to any other company, on condition
that such company to which such transfer may
be made shall deposit $50,000 within sixty days
from the date of such transfer. The grant for
the Bayfield line is extended to the town of
St. Croix Palls upon the same terms and condi-
tions as if the extension had been made part
of the original and supplemental grant, and
the grant is made to the State for the benefit of
the company designated for the construction
of the line from the town of St. Croix Falls to
Bayfield. The second section provides that
the lands granted (excepting only such as are
necessary lor the company to reserve for depots,
stations, side-tracks, wood-yards, standing-
grounds, and other needful usesin operating the
road, and timber and mineral land,) shall be
sold to actual settlers only, and in quantities
not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres to
any one person, under such rules and restric-
tions as may be prescribed by the Secretary of
the Interior, at such prices as will secure to the
companies, their successors orassigns, an aver-
age price of not more than $2 50 per acre for
the land actually certified for each completed
section of twenty miles of the railroads. To
insure an enforcement of this section the com-
pany receiving the certificates from the Secre-
tary of the Interior for the lands granted in
aid of the construction of the first section of
twenty miles of either of the railroads is, within
one year thereafter, to fix a price on each one
hundred and sixty acre tracts described in the
certificates in such manner and at such rates
that the average price of the wholo amount
certified shall not exceed $2 50 per acre, and
report the same to the Secretary of the Interior,
exposing a copy of such report to the public
in the office of the secretary of such company,
and in the district land office, and any person
actually settling upon the land, or any Govern-
ment subdivision thereof, shall have the right to
purchase at the price so fixed any unsold parcel
of the land upon payment of the price fixed
within six months from the date of settlement;
and on payment therefor it shall be the duty of
the secretary of the company to make out dupli-
cate certificates of the sale under the seal of
the company, send one to the Secretary of the
Interior, and deliver the other to the purchaser;
and it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Interior to issue to such purchaser a patent for
the land described in his certificate, as in cases
of land sold by the United States. The same
form of proceeding is to be observed with
respect to the lands certified by the Secretary
of the Interior on each sucoeeding completed
section of twenty miles of either line of the
railroads; but no certificate of lands to such
company or companies on any completed sec-
tion, after the first, shall be made by the Secre-
tary of the Interioruntil he shall have received
a report of the price fixed on the land certified
for the next preceding completed section of
either of the railroads.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sus-
pending the rules to pass the joint resolution.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I call for the reading
of the amendment.
The SPEAKER. As the Chair understands,
the amendment is withdrawn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I modify
my motion so as to pass the joint resolution
with an additional section, being the bill I
have sent to the desk. Let the sense of the
House be taken upon it.
The amendment was read. It is the same
as Senate bill No. 469, relating to the Central
Branch Union Pacific Railroad Company.
The House refused to suspend the rules to
pass the bill with the amendment.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SARGENT. I submit the following
privileged report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
hill (II. R. No. 2615) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1872, and for other purposes, having met, after full
and free conference have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,18,19,23,25,26.49,56,62, and63.
That the House of ^Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ate, numbered 1,2,8,9,10.11,12,13,14,15,16,17,20,21,
22, 24, 27, 28, 29, 30, 33,34, 35. 36, 37, 38,39, 40, 41,42, 43,
44, 45, 46. 47, 48, 49. 50, 51, 53, 54, 56, 59, 61, 64,65, 66,
67,68, 69,70, 71, 72, 73, and 74, and agree to thesame.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the thirty-second amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same with the fol-
lowing amendments:
In line three of said amendment strike out the
words "twenty-five" and insert in lieu thereof the
word "fifty;" and at the end of said amendment add
the following:
Provided, That the laws of the United States re-
lating to the town sites be extended over all the
lands obtained of the Osage Indians in the State of
Kansas.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the fifty-second amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same with the follow-
ing amendment:
Strike out all of said amendment after the word
'provided" and insert in lieu the following words:
That hereafter no Indian nation or tribe within
the territory of the United States shall be acknowl-
edged or recognized as an independent nation, tribe,
or power with whom the United States may contract
by treaty : Provided further, That nothing herein
contained shall be construed to invalidate or impair
the obligation of any treaty heretofore lawfully
made and ratified with any such Indian nation or
tribe.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senaterecede from their fifty-fifth amend-
ment, and agree to the following in lieu of the words
stricken out by said amendment:
Provided, That hereafter no payments shall be
made by any officer of the United States to contract-
ors for goods or supplies of any sort furnished to the
Indians, or for the transportation thereon, or for
any buildings or machinery erected or placed on their
reservations, under or by virtue of any contract
entered into with the Interior Department, or any
branch thereof, on the receipts or certificates of
the Indian agents or superintendents for such sup-
plios, goods, transportation, buildings, or machinery,
beyond fifty per cent, of the amount due. until the
accounts and vouchers shall have been submitted to
the executive committee of the board of commis-
sioners appointed by the President of the United
States, and organized under the provisions of the
fourth section of the act of April 10,1869, and the third
section of the act approved April 15. 1870, for exam-
ination, revisal, and approval ; and it shall be the
duty oi said board of commissioners, without unne-
cessary delay, to forward said accounts and vouch-
ers so submitted to them to the Secretary of the
Interior, with the reasons for their approval or dis-
approval of the same, in whole or in part, attached
thereto; and said Secretary shall have power to
sustain, set aside, or modify the action of said board,
and cause payment to be made or withheld as he
may determine.
And the House agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement t.o the fifty-seventh amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same with the fol-
lowing amendments :
On page 72, line four, of the bill strike out the
following words: to make arrangements;" and in
line one of the words proposed to be inserted by said
amendment strike out the words " and subsistence •"
and in line three of the words proposed to be in-
serted, after the word "States," insert the following
words: andfor their settlement and subsistence on
such reservations."
And the Senate agree to the same.
•a'^.the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the fifty-eighth amendment
ot the benate, and agree to the same with the follow-
ing amendments:
clause said amendment. line four,
strike out all after the word "monument" down to
^i?oClV*eY-0rd "territory;" inline five of
said clause, and in line eight of said clause strike out
? _an.d insert in lieu the word "five;"
w^rtfs 6 of said fourth clause add the following-
And this amount or so much thereof as may bo
necessary, to pay the expenses of holding a "general
