1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
coinage. In that way, if not in the way sug-
gested by the Senator, the question of reten-
tion affects the whole country. Why does it
affect the whole country? Because, to take
one instance, as you require great sums of
money, amounting to at least $120,000,000,
to be paid eaeh year for duties in gold, the
gold has to be purchased for that purpose.
Whatever increases the cost of tlie production
of coin, or diminishes its amount, of course
increases the price to the purchasers of gold,
of whom, but a small part are found in Cali-
fornia.
It is true, as the Senator from Vermont said,
as a general rule, that the price of bullion or
any other article is regulated by the price at
the principal market for that article. But this
also must be admitted : that whatever tends to
reduce the market price of a product in the
place of its production, and to drive it away
to a foreign market, does diminish its home
value to the producer. In California we know
too well, I think, that the result of this coinage
charge is to drive away great amounts of bul-
lion, year after year, from San Francisco and
from the United States to Europe, to London,
because there, coinage being free, our bullion
bears a higher market price.
Why is London the great center for ^ the
exchanges of the world ? Because one of the
great elements which enter into the basis of
exchange is bullion, and because London
to-day gives better prices for bullion than any
other city in the world, for the simple reason
that there is no seigniorage in the English
mint. Which is best, in the minds of Sena-
tors, that America should have a great center
of exchange for herself, or thatshe, like the rest
of the world, should remain tributary to Lon-
don as a center of exchange? If it is desir-
able Mid best that we should have our own
great center of exchanges, one of the very first
steps is to make the turning of our bullion into
our coin as prompt and as tree as possible.
Why should there be an impost upon the
gold which is the product of the United States?
Who would not scout as unworthy of a mo-
ment's consideration aproposition whereby the
Government should so manage as to prevent
any other staple of the country from being put
to its most profitable uses without first paying
atoll? . .
For one, sir, on general principles 1 am m
favor of making production throughout the
country as free as possible. I am in favor of
removing, as soon as may be, all charges,
taxes, and restrictions which molest or impede
the products of the country in the processes
of turning them into money. I refer specially
to the great staples of the country, upon which
we have to rely so much for our prosperity at
home and for our commercial and business
relations abroad. I am against whatever
hinders the producer, farmer or miner, from
putting them to the most advantageous use.
Gold is to day one of the great staples of this
country. Why not relieve it from this impost
of mint charges? Why not return now to the
old policy of the country down to 18o3? What
we advocate is no new thing, Mr. President 5
it is simply a restoration of the American
system as it existed previous to 1853.
The. Senator from Ohio laid great stress
upon the opinions of Mr. Lowe, a leading
English minister, as stated by him in Parlia-
ment, backed up by the authority of writers
on political economy. It seemed to me, as
far as the English view of it was concerned,
that the answer suggested by the Senator of
Oregon [Mr. Williams] was perfectly con-
clusive. That Senator read from one of the
documents, the one now in my hand, a section
from the act of Parliament passed m JfcWU,
continuing free coinage. So that the outcome
of all the discussion in the British Parlia-
ment, and of all arguments and authorities ot
the chancellor of the exchequer Mr. Lowe
was that Parliament, as the best thing to be
done under the circumstances for the general
interests, legislated over again, and once more
in favor of free coinage.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the Senator
that-Mr. Lowe himself stated that the abolition
of the seigniorage ought to be postponed until
the negotiations then pending for international
coinage should be concluded. Mr. Lowe him-
self advocated the passage of that bill, which
was a mere codification of the then existing
laws. He said that he did not propose then to
make the change and restore the seigniorage
charge, because it should be deferred until the
negotiations then pending for an international
coinage might be concluded, when there could
be a uniform seigpiorage throughout the world.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator has read the
spcech of Mr. Lowe. I have not. Of course
he states it correctly. But it seems to me that
if the system was as evil as is here represented
by the Senator from Ohio it is not conceivable
that the British Parliament would again, in
1870, reiinact its system of laws making the
coinage free in the mints of the Government.
Notwithstanding the intimations from so high
an authority as the English chancellor of the
exchequer, I have no idea, not the least, that
the British Government will soon or ever
change its policy in that respect. England
has become, like the United States, a gold-pro-
ducing country. The Australian product is
now one of the chief elements in the gold pro-
duction of the world; London is the great
center of exchanges. For both those reasons I
do not think there is the least ground for appre-
hending any change of policy on the part of
England. But however that may be ; what is
the objection now to our returning to our own
policy, to our own system, in force as lately
as 1853?
I scarcely know how to discuss some of the
arguments of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman.] The Senator seemed to consider
that the highest duty which he owed to the
country was to find out new subjects of taxation,
to find out something else to be taxed. There
was a great financier onee who divided man-
kind into two classes, those who paid taxes and
those who paid none. Undoubtedly that is the
tendency of those who have to provide for the
finances of a country. I do not propose to crit-
icise too sharply the position of the Senator
from Ohio on this or any subject of the kind.
I agree that great allowances must be made
for one in bis situation, but I confess my sur-
prise that any gentleman of his authority in
the dominant party should consider it his duty
at this day to hunt up new taxes, or needlessly
to retain old ones, in a country staggering
under such a load of taxation as probably never
has been seen under the same circumstances,
a taxation more remarkable, perhaps, for the
multiplicity of the subjects which it embraces
than even for its burdensome character. I
confess myself surprised that, after all, the
Senator from Ohio is at work looking out for
fresh subjects of taxation, holding on at least
to those that exist, merely because they exist,
fearing to relinquish them lest some great evil
should befall the finances. And yet, all the
while the Senator knows, and we all know,
that the Treasury has been gorged for the
last few years with the most enormous and
inexcusable balances in money ever heard
of in financial history ; balances which have
cost the country from three to five million
dollars yearly in interest alone. Under these
circumstances, with more money coming in
than we know what to do with, with great sur-
pluses all the time rising up like mountains
about us, the Senator from Ohio is struggling
here to prevent the abolition of a tax that, m
my judgment, is contrary to all sound princi-
ples of finance or government, that interferes
with full freedom in the use of one of our
greatest products, in order that we may save
one hundred or one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars 10 the Treasury! He does that against
the concurrent judgment of the IreasurylJe-
partment, and of the intelligent and experi-
enced gentlemen connected Wiffa fh&f pep&rt-
ment, and thoBe others, at least aa intelligent,
and experienced, whom ttaey have> Consulted
throughout the country! It is the judgment
of that Department and of that" body of prac-
tical and scientific authorities in and'out df
that Department, throughout the country, that
this tax has lasted too long and ought to be
abolished. I appeal to that great mass of
authority before this Senate with entire confi-
dence against the authority even of the Senator
from Ohio and the Senator from Vermont, and
I am sure no one is more 'ready than I am to
acknowledge their weight in this discussion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I have
but very few observations to make in reply to
the argumeuts that have been made for the
abolition of the coinage charge. The Senator
from California, [Mr. Casseuly,] in common
with his colleague, [Mr. Cole,] has fallen upon
the idea that the coinage charge is a tax.
Nothing is more absurd than this. The coin-
age charge is simply a charge by the Govern-
ment of the United States for aservice aetually
performed to a particular citizen. The Gov-
ernment of the United States should not under-
take to do this service for nothing, and it sim-
ply asks a reimbursement of the cost. This
coinage tax, as gentlemen now call it, was
imposed in the administration of Mr. Pierce,
in 1853, when it was no object to seek new
sources of taxation. It was then put at onft
half of one per cent., not for the purpose of tax-
ation, but for the purpose of reimbursing- to
the United States the expense of coinage. Dp
to 1848 the United States produced no consid- _
erable amount of gold or silver bullion. W© '
were then the importers of the precious metals,
instead of the exporters. In 1853, however,
after several years working of the mines in
California, this matter was fully discussed by
some of the most eminent men then members
of the Senate of the United States; among the
rest by Mr. Hunter.
Why was this one half of one per cent. t<ix,
as it is now called, or charge, put upon coin-
age ? It was simply done to prevent the ex-
portation of the gold coin of the United States.
That was the main and leading object. Itwas
argued, with a great deal of force, by eminent
gentlemen then in this Chamber, that if a charge
was put upon the coinage, as was done by all
the nations of the world except England, the
gold coin, which would then be more valuable
as coin than as bullion, would not be exported
until the balances of trade were settled by our
commodities; that until bullion was exported,
until wheat was exported, until cotton was
exported, until all the other products of nature
were exported, gold and silver coin would not
be exported, because they were more valuable,
made so by their greater cost. This, and :not
the imposition of a tax, was the object of levy-
ing a charge of one half of one per cent, upon
gold coinage. A much higher rate is levied
on silver and other coinage, but one half of
one per cent, was the tax levied on gold coin-
age, for this reason : a reason of political econ-
omy, justified by the history of other nations.
My friend from Oregon [Mr. Williams]
speaks of Great Britain as having derived a
great advantage from free coinage. On the
other hand, it can be demonstrated by the
clearest figures that Great Britain has lost
largely. Whenever money is coined in France,
where the seigniorage is only one fifth of one
per cent., it retains its locus in, quo,_ or habita-
tion, in France, and never leaves it, because
when it leaves France that one fifth of one per
cent, is dead capital; it cannot be exported to
England for recoining, and therefore there is
now more than five times as much French coin
in existence in the world as there is of English
coin ; the statistics show something between
five and six times as much. The reason is that
the very first thing that is exported from England-
is the British sovereign, because the British
Government insists upon putting labor on gold
bullion without any charge, and the result is
