1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1811
council" of the Cherokee, Creek, Seminole, and
Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians in the Indian ter-
ritory, as provided by the treaties with said tribes
in 1866, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872,
£13,500: Provided, That any other Indian tribe per-
manently located in said Indian territory shall be,
and is hereby, authorized to elect and send to said
''general council" onedelegate, and in addition one
delegate for each one thousand Indians or fraction
of a thousand greater than five hundred, being mem-
bers of such tribe, on the same terms and conditions
and with the same rights and privileges, including
right to compensation, as is provided for delegates
ot the tribes hereinbefore mentioned, and a suffi-
cient sum to pay the per diem and mileage of such
additional delegates is hereby appropriated.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That, the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the sixtieth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same, with amendments, as
follows:
Strike out the proviso commencing in line twelve,
page 73 of the bill and the amendment thereto, and
insert in lieu the following:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to issue to the Choctaw tribe of Indians
bonds of the United States to the amount of $250,000,
as directed by the act of March 2,1861, entited "An
act making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes."
And the Senate agree to the same.
A. A. SARGENT,
JAMES B. BECK,
SIDNEY CLARKE,
Managers on the part of the House.
C. COLE,
JAMES HARLAN,
JOHN P. STOCKTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
' Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I call the
attention of the House to the fact that the
contest which has now proceeded for some
five or six years over the question whether the
Senate had the right, or should continue to
exercise the power, to make treaties with the
scattered bands of Indians within our own
territory has been yielded by the Senate by
the result of the committee of conference now
reported to the House, the Senate having
agreed to that report. We have incorporated
in the bill, with the consent of the Senate,
these words:
That hereafter no Indian nation or tribe within
the territory of the United States shall be acknowl-
edged or recognized as an independent nation, tribe,
or power with whom the United States may contract
by treaty: Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall be construed to invalidate or impair the obli-
gation of any treaty heretofore lawfully made and
ratified with any such Indian nation or tribe.
I think it is a matter of congratulation for
the House that this result has been attained.
The consequences will be far-reaching. It will
save millions of money to the Treasury. It
breaks up a most improvident system, and
admits the right of the House of Representa-
tives to deal with these questions by legislation.
The amendment which is incorporated in the bill
came from the Indian Committee, and was pro-
posed to be incorporated in another bill. It
was drawn, I believe, by myfriend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Armstrong.] The amendment
is substantially in the language of the propo-
sition reported by him.
I call attention also to the fact that the
Senate have agreed to the amendment of the
House substantially—not injuring it in any of
its force—by which we provide that sharks and
lobby agents shall not have the right to exact,
as has recently been done in the case of certain
tribes, from thirty-three to fifty, and even to
seventv per cent, of the amount drawn from
Congress, under the pretense of justice to In-
dians, or supplies furnished to them, or for
relieving their distresses. We have put guard
and check upon them in such a way that this
abuse must cease. This amendment was pro-
posed by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] of the Committee on Appropriations of
the House, following the investigation, s'earch-
ing in its character, which that committee was
ordered to make into the transactions of the
Indian Bureau.
Furthermore, the Senate have assented to
the proposition of the bill which passed the
House by which the supervision of payments
on all contracts is put into the hands of the
Indian commission, serving without pay, who
are appointed by the President and confirmed
by the Senate, but with the ultimate power in
the hands of the Secretary of the Interior to
overrule their action. In exchange for the
provision, by which the Senate gives up any
right to make treaties hereafter, the House
conferees cheerfully withdrew words intended
to retain the form of power to the House of
Representatives, while heretofore we have not
been enjoying the substance. We had put in the
title of the bill the words " so-called" before
the word " treaties." We also put in the pro-
vision " that nothing herein contained shall be
construed to ratify treaties made since 1867."
But having obtained the substance of our
demands in getting this great reform, which I
have stated, we were satisfied to let the form
go for the sake of the substance.
There are several features of the bill making
reforms of a minor character. I think the bill
now to be acted upon is the most economical
and best Indian bill—thebest in every respect—
that has passed the House for several years
past. I now yield for five minutes to my col-
league on the committee of conference, the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. Before the gentleman
yields to the gentleman from Kentucky I de-
sire to ask him a question.
Mr. SARGENT. I will hear it.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire, then, to ask
the gentleman from California whether there
is anything in this bill, as it now comes from
the committee of conference, which will ratify
or confirm any past Indian treaties?
Mr. SARGENT. There is nothing in it
which in terms ratifies these treaties. There
are appropriations under them, and those
appropriations in good feith will have to be
made hereafter until those treaties expire by
limitation. But there are no words ratifying
the treaties. Furthermore, the joint resolu-
tion which passed the House at the commence-
ment of this session, when the attention of
the House was called to the fact that there
was an error in the enrollment of the last
Indian appropriation bill, and which was
incorporated in this bill is retained in the bill
by the conference committee, forever showing
that the House up to the very last moment
maintained its attitude of hostility against the
right and expediency of making treaties with
our own subjects, on our own soil, and com-
pletely subject to our control.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Is there anything in the
bill which by legal effect will ratify any past
treaty ?
Mr. SARGENT. Not in my judgment.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from California whether or not there is
anything in the bill either by appropriation or
otherwise which ratifies treaties?
Mr. SARGENT. Nothing. There is not a
word of ratification of any treaty in the bill.
' Mr. LAWRENCE. Neither expressed, nor
by legal effect?
Mr. SARGENT. It would be bad taste, and
I think bad faith to refuse to appropriate under
treaties heretofore made, and the House will
never take that position.
Mr. ALLISON. I refer to the treaties made
by General Sherman.
Mr. SARGENT. The bill in that respect is
not altered. It is as it passed the House.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, having been on the
committee of conference with the gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargent] and the gentle-
man from Kansas, [Mr. Clarke,] I desire to
say that the House, in my judgment, has gained
almost everything that it had a right to expect.
All the valuable amendments which we sup-
posed could properly be introduced into an
Indian appropriation bill are retained, although
some of them had been stricken out by the Sen-
ate, and the others had been changed, though
not materially altered. In the bill as it now
stands, while not ratifying any previous trea-
ties made with the Indians, though we concur
in carrying out the stipulations of existing
legislation, there is a distinct agreement be-
tween the two Houses that from this time
henceforward there shall be no more Indian
treaties made by the Senate; that they will
not treat the Indians in that regard as a peo-
ple with whom they have a right to make trea-
ties without consulting the House of Repre-
sentatives ; and that whatever is done shall be
done by the Congress of the United States, by
both Houses acting in the passage of laws.
Besides that, in the bill as it comes from
the committee of conference, there is nothing
swelling its amount to an unreasonable extent,
and I am not sure that it is swelled at all. It
has gone through both Houses with perhaps
fewer changes than any bill that ever went
from this House on this subject. I take pleas-
ure in saying, and I believe all the members
of the Committee on Appropriations will unite
with me in the statement, that this has been '
owing to the vigilant care with which the bill
was originally prepared, and has been watched
from its inception up to the present time, by
thegentleman from California, [Mr. Sargent,]
who had charge of it. We have inserted two
very valuable provisions which have been the
result of a conference between the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent,] the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] and myself
acting as a sub-committee, though introduced
by me, whereby it is provided that no man
shall hereafter have a right to make contracts
with Indians without the written consent of
the Secretary of the Interior.
Proof has been made before the sub-com-
mittee, composed of the three gentlemen whom
I have named, that while there is a law upon
the statute-book prohibiting contracts of that
character it provides no penalties for the
making of such contracts, and hence it has been
systematically violated. Let me state one case.
We paid the Quapaws last October $90,000.
Of that amount the sum of $30,000 was taken
to pay James A. Blunt, their agent. We paid
the Cherokees $150,000, $25,000 of which was
paid to other parties, and half of the remain-
der was paid to James A. Blunt. And of
$109,000 paid to the Choctaws, after deducting
$25,000, forty per cent, of the residue was
paid to General Blunt, so that in these three
instances, and they are bad specimens of the
way Indian appropriations are squandered,
he received $126,100 out of payments to the
Indians amounting to $299,000. That is the
character of, I will not say stealages, but ex-
tortions practiced on the Indians. Now we
have inserted a provision in this Indian appro-
priation bill, which has been agreed to by the
conference committee, that any man who shall
attempt to do this kind of thing shall be fined
and imprisoned, that the money shall be taken
from him by a suit, and that any Indian agent
who takes any part in these great wrongs
shall be dismissed from the service, and be
forever incapable of holding any office of trust
or profit under the Government of the United
States.
Again, we have provided, to guard against
another very pernicious practice, that no In-
dian voucher shall be paid, or nothing in excess
of fifty per cent, of it, until it has been sub-
mitted to the board of Indian commissioners
appointed by Congress, and they shall thor-
oughly examine it and report to the Secretary
of the Treasury, who shall then approve or
disapprove it, and upon his responsibility pass
upon it. Heretofore all these vouchers have
been paid by the Indian Bureau simply upon
the receipts of the agents. And we had in-
formation that Indian agents have been dis-
missed the service becausc they have refused
to give vouchers in one instance for the sum
of $54,000, when only $7,600 worth had been
received. I hold in my hand a letter stating
that fact. Whether it is true or false Congress
ought to render the repetition of such things
impossible, or as nearly so as can be done by
legislation. In this both Houses concur most
heartily.
