1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1813
of Talladega aad St. Clair counties, in the
State of Alabama, asking for the establishment
of a post route between Talladega and Ash-
vine, via Lincoln, Sulphur Springs, and Trout
Creek.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The memorial and
petition of William J. Scott, of Morgan county,
Tennessee, praying Congress for compensation
for military service rendered as aid-de-camp
to General Spear.
By Mr. TOW'NSEND : Three petitions with
the signatures of 119 citizens of Delaware
county, -Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
make provision in the charter of the national
university for a professorship of homeopathy
in said university.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 1, 1871.
* The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. J. A. McCauley, of Wash-
ington.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. MORTON. If there is no Senator
desirous to hear these minutes read, as time
is very precious, I suggest that the farther
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. VICKERS. I object. The Senate is
very thin at present. When a few more Sen-
ators come in I will withdraw the objection
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
Journal.
Mr. MORTON. I understand the Senator
from Maryland now withdraws his objection.
Mr. VICKERS. I withdraw the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the objection
is not renewed the further reading of the Jour-
nal will be dispensed with.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to make a cor-
rection in the Journal. I observe that the
Journal reads that I reported back from the
Committee on Private Land Claims the bill
(S. No. 1296) to settle the title of Yerba
Buena, or Goat Isjand, in the bay of San
Francisco, California, without amendment. It
should be that it was reported without recom-
mendation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. CATTELL presented the credentials of
Frederick T. Frelinghuysen, chosen by the
Legislature of the State of New Jersey a Sen-
ator from that State for the term commencing
March 4, 1871; which were read, and ordered
to be placed on file.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented the credentials
of James K. Kelley, chosen by the Legislature
of the State of Oregon a Senator from that
State for the term commencing March 4, 1871;
which were read, and ordered to be placed on
file.
Mr. HOWELL presented the credentials of
George G. Wright, chosen by the Legislature
of the State of Iowa a Senator from that State
for the term commencing March 4,1871; which
were read, and ordered to be placed on file.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Postmaster General,
communicating, in obedience to the joint res-
olution of Congress approved July 14, 1870,
information in relation to the claims to the
invention for postmarking and postage-stamp
canceling process now in use by the Govern-
ment; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
CINCINNATI SOUTHERN RAILWAY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, under
the twenty fourth rule, presents the following
bill from the House of Representatives.
The bill (H. R. No. 3070) to promote the
construction of the Cincinnati and Southern
railway was read a first time by its title.
M>r. DAVIS. I object, to that bill having
its second reading to-day.
The V1CE PRES1 DENT. The Senator from
Kentucky objects to the second reading of the
bill on this day.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is usual to read a bill
the first and second time when it is presented.
I hope that Will be done, and then the bill can
lie on the table.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to its second reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then let it lie on the table
until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
on the table.
SUSPENSION OE JOINT RULES.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer the follow ing reso-
lution, which, as it concerns the business of
the session, I hope will be acted upon now:
Mesolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That the sixteenth and seven-
teenth joint rules of the two Houses be suspended
for the residue of the session.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to that resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot get along with-
out that resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to it, unless there is
a distinct understanding with thefriends of the
Cincinnati and Southern railway bill that that
bill shall not be called up.
Mr. SHERMAN. This resolution has noth-
ing to do with that bill. It is in regard to
passing appropriation bills back and forward
between the two Houses.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask to have the resolution
read again, that we may see how comprehen-
sive it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
respond to the Senator from Kentucky that
the sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules pro-
hibit bills being sent from one House to the
other and to the President of the United States
during the last three days of the session; but
the fifty-third rule reads as follows:
"A motion to suspend, or to concur in a resolution
of the House of Representatives to suspend, the
sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules, or either of
them, shall always be in order, immediately be con-
sidered, and be decided without debate."
Therefore, the resolution is in order, must
be immediately considered, and decided with-
out debate. The Chair will state that the six-
teenth and seventeenth joint rules have never
had any operation within his knowledge, and
they are always suspended during the last three
days of the session. They have never had any
effect whatever, as they are always suspended
by both Houses at the close of the session :
and the question must be decided at once with-
out debate.
Mr. DAVIS. Is it not the interpretation of
that rule that it is in relation to pending meas-
ures between the two Houses as to which the
rules are suspended?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The sixteenth
joint rule reads as follows:
"16. No bill that shall have passed one House shall
be sent for concurrence to the other on either of the
last three days of the session."
This is one of the last three days. Then the
seventeenth rule reads:
"17. No bill or resolution that shall have passed
the House of Bepresentat.ives and the Senate shall
be presented to tbe President of the United States,
for bis approbation, on the last day of the session."
The question is on agreeing to the concur-
rent resolution suspending these rules.
The resolution was adopted.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Kansas, praying for the establishment
of a mail route from New Chicago to Fredonia,
in that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. POMEROY. I also present a petition
very numerously signed by officers and soldiers
of several of our regiments in the volunteer
service in the late war, in which they set forth
very fully the anxiety that they have for some
amendment to the homestead law by which
soldiers will be credited for the time they were ,
in the United Stal.es service to apply on the five
years as required under the homestead law, so
that their term of service may shorten the period
they are required to live on the land before they
can get patents. I think that portion of the
petition will commend itself very favorably to
the attention of Congress, and by the advice
of the Secretary of the Interior I have prepared
an amendment to the law, which I propose to
mibmit at an early day, meeting that case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Public Lands having reported on thissubject,
the petition will lie on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens
of New Hampshire, praying the passage of the
bill now before Congress to seeure cheap trans-
portation of breadstuffs from the West to the
sea- board at uniform rates throughout the year;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SCHURZ presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Missouri,.in favor of an appro-
priation for the erection of a building for the
post office and United States courts at Jefferson
City, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petition of
Joseph C. Couneill, of Nacogdoches connty,
Texas, praying for the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. WILSON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Massachusetts, in favor of the
establishment on a firm basis of the rights of
American citizens on the fishing grounds on
the northern coast; which was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 996,
to provide for the collection of debts due from
southern railroad corporations and for other
purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees ar® now in order; but the Senator from
Nebraska asks unanimous consent to call up
the bill indicated by him.
-Mr. HAMLIN. I shall object to the intro-
duction of any business from any Senator
until we reach resolutions upon the table in
their order. I want to do business in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Maine enters an objection against any inter-
ference with the morning -business. Reports
of committees are now in order.
TAX ON VINEGAR.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 520) to amend
section four, act of July 20, 18G8, to report it
back without amendment. This is a joint
resolution in regard to the tax on vinegar. It
is only eight lines long, and if it is to be
passed at all it should be passed now. It is to
remove an ambiguity in the law. It is asked
for by the Department, and I hope it will be
put on its passage.
Mr. IIAMLIN. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will take no time.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senate will take up
my resolution out of its order, then I will with-
draw the objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a resolution of
only eight lines to remove an ambiguity in
the law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will only take a min-
ute; let it be acted upon.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN; Then I withdraw the
report, and will present it at another time.
REPORTS 01' COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2219) reviving the pension of Mrs.
Catherine Bender, ana the bill (H. R. No.
2221) granting a pension to Jesse and Mary
