1202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
no postal service between New "Orleans and
these ports, and consequently there will be no
postages to be paid to these' private parties for
carrying the mail. Then what connection has
this bill with the postal service of the United
States at all ?
Mr. POMEROY. What the Senator from
Louisiana said was that there was no contract
far any such line now, and there is none, but
he hoped some postages would grow out of the
establishment of the line. '
Mr. KELLOGG. There were some before the
war.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood the language
of the honorable Senator from Louisiana dis-
tinctly, and I was rather surprised at his frank-
ness in confessing it. He says there is no postal
service between this country and Mexico, and
the amount of postage received under this bill
will be very trifling. This is really a subsidy
out of the Treasury of the United States for
the purpose of inducing the building of three
vessels in the United States. It is a direct
subsidy, in no way connected with the postal
service. I suggest, then, to the friends of the
bill, and especially to the Senator from Louisi-
ana, whether, instead of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, he had not better insert either the Secre-
tary of the Navy or the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, as the authority to make this contract. I
can imagine how the Secretary of the Navy
may be interested in this bill, because these
three vessels, if they are built, may in a certain
contingency be taken by the United States and
used for naval purposes, and therefore the
Secretary of the Navy might desire to sec that
they were made in the proper way, so as to
secure useful naval vessels at the proper time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot make a ship
of war in this way.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, I can see how the
Secretary of the Navy might be interested in
it. I can also see hqw the Secretary of the
Treasury might be interested; because as he
has to provide the means to pay this subsidy
or bounty, and he might properly desire to see
to the expenditure of the money. He has
a certain class of architects under his direc-
tion who are generally very careful about the
expenditure of money. But I do not see any
connection between the Postmaster General
and this bill. I have been listening to the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana to find out where
that connection is. If there is no postal ser-
vice between this country and Mexico, and no
postal receipts of any considerable amount, I
do not see what my honorable friend from
Minnesota has to do with this bill; it is not
connected with the postal service.
Mr. RAMSEY. We propose to stimulate
the trade and commerce with Mexico, and
thereby stimulate correspondence between the
two countries.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is a commercial
matter the Secretary of the Treasury undoubt-
edly ought to have charge of it, because we
have under the Secretary of the Treasury a
vast number of officers connected with our
commerce; we have custom-house officers.
Now, if this is for the purpose of promoting
trade, so that we may levy duties upon pro-
ducts coming to us from Mexico, that is one
thing. But the trouble is that nothing comes
to us from Mexico upon which we can levy
duties. Nearly all the exportation to the
United States from Mexico is of gold and
silver, on which we do not levy duties.
Therefore, instead of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, the bill ought to be read either "the Sec-
retary of the Treasury" or "the Secretary of
the Navy." Then there would be some kind
of harmony in the bill. I must confess I am
at a loss to find any reason for voting for this
bill, and I am listening with great patience to
see whether or not I shall be able to vote for
it in the end.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is most extraordinary
that the Senator from Ohio should have over-
looked what has been done in the case of the
line to China. We had no postal communica-
tion with China, or very little correspondence,
indeed; and yet the duty of negotiating with
the parties who have given us that very fine
mail service was devolved on the Postmaster
General. So it is with the Sandwich Islands
line. It is the custom of the Government
to devolve these duties on the Postmaster
General.
Mr. KELLOGG. I do not wish to prolong
discussion on this bill, but I assume that what
my honorable friend from Ohio has said has
been more in the spirit of badinage than other-
wise, for I think he is a little indisposed
toward our proposition generally. But when
he says there is nothing but specie coming from
Mexico, I reply that our trade with Mexico
was last year from twelve to fifteen millions,
and that we imported about five millions of
specie for foreign shipment. Out of a total
Mexican trade of over sixty million dollars we
get but about twelve to fifteen million dollars
at most; and why? Because we have but
comparatively little maritime connection with
that republic, while their trade is carried by
the circuitous route of the West India islands
to St. Thomas, and shipped thence to England
by vessels of the Royal British Mail Steamship
Company, who are heavily subsidized by the
British Government, and are thus enabled to
maintain a line of steamers that runs by that
circuitous route with connections to Tampico,
Sisal, Campeaehy, and all or nearly all the
ports named in this bill. The effect of this
subsidized line has been to reduce our trade
with Mexico from $25,000,000, twenty years
ago, to less than $9,000,000 two or three years
before the war. The last year, it is true, we
have increased it to some twelve or fifteen
millions ; but this increase was principally in
specie, and was owing to an extraordinary
exportation of specie by Alexander & Com-
pany's line, a line that is largely sustained to-
day by a subsidy granted them by the Govern-
ment of Mexico to the amount of $2,200 in
gold per round trip. So, sir, while we stand
off, and will not pay a dollar, that compara-
tively feeble republic pays $2,200 a round
trip, in order to have a line of steamers of one
thousand tons burden running monthly between
Sisal, Campeaehy, Tampico, Vera Cruz, and
Havana, to New York. •
I am impelled to the belief that my friend
from Ohio is actuated by a disposition to
defeat this bill, and, I can but think, without
any very good reason.
Now, sir, one word in regard to this mail
service and to show the fallacy of my honor-
able friend's position on this point. Sir, I
appeal to the candor of the Senate. Some
years before the war we had mail service
between New Orleans, Vera Cruz, and Tam-
pico ; also between Baltimore by the way of
Cedar Keys and other ports on the Gulf coast
and New Orleans; also to Galveston: but the
war interrupted it. I find on my table this
morning, under date of February 6, 1871, a
communication of the Post Office Department
in answer to a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives in regard to the mail service
between some of the points I have just men-
tioned. I will read this communication :
Post Office Department,
Washington, D. G., February 6,1871.
Sir : In answer to the resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 1st instant, relative to the
amount of service performed on route No. 6462,
(from Baltimore, Maryland, to New Orleans, Louis-
iana,) I submit the following report, namely:
Under date of January 2,1868, the Baltimore and
Havana Steamship Company, through George S.
Brown, president, submitted a proposal for carrying
mails from Baltimore, by Havana and Key West, to
Sew Orleans, twice a month, until June SO, 1863, at
$1,000por round trip, which proposal was accepted
January 20,1868.
On the 3d July, 186S, a contract was ovderod with
said company for this service, from July 1, 1868, to
June 30,1S69, at the rate of $1,300 per round trip,
including mails to Havana, which were to be carried
free. The contract was not executed; but the com-
pany performed service, and were paid as follows:
By orders of April 9, May 15, June 20, and July 17,
J86S, payment was authorized for eight and one
half trips, from January 20 to July 14,186S, at the
rate of $1,000 per tiip.
By orders of January 12, February 11, April 22,
June 26, and July 29,1869, payment was authorized
for ten trips, from November 10, 18G8, to June 19,
1869, at 61,000 per trip.
On the 26th of June. 1869, a contract was ordered
with said company to carry mails from Baltimore,
Maryland, (viaKey West, Florida,) to NewOrleans,
Louisiana, and back, twice a month, from July 1.
1869, to June 30, 1870, at $1,300 per round trip, being
at the rate of $31,200 per annum; and on the 27tl\
June, 1870, the contract was renewed for same ser-
vice, on same terms, from July 1, 1870, to June 30,
1871.
Respectfully, &c.,
JNO. A. J. CRESWELL,
Postmaster General.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Represettfatives.
Now, sir, there was no service at the end of
the war because interrupted by the war, no
regular service for a year or two after ; but in
1868 we commenced to pay $31,200 a year
for monthly steam service from Baltimore to
New Orleans via Key West. Before the war
we paid $30,000 a year for monthly steamers
running from New Orleans to the ports of
Tampico and Vera Cruz, and the bill which
is now before the Senate is almost an exact
duplicate of a bill published in the Globe
under date of March 3,1859, giving Carlos But-
terfield and his associates, for the conveyance
of the mails to and from the republic of Mex-
ico, between the very ports here specified,
$120,000 a year, the Mexican Government hav-
ing made a concession to the same amount.
I read this morning, published in the repoit
of the Post Office Committee accompanying
this bill, a communication from Mr. Nelson,
our minister in Mexico, to the Secretary of
State, stating that the Government of Mexico
had recently made the same concession to De
Castro, one of the incorporators named in this
bill. And now, inasmuch as the Mexican
Government have thus shown a disposition to
do this, we come here and ask that the Gov-
ernment of the United States pay §130,000,
being but $30,000 per year more than was
proposed by the bill of 18-59.
That is all we ask. Now, sir, the Senator
from Ohio very gravely demurs to it, and says
he does not think the subject properly comes
within the purview of the Post Office Depait-
ment and of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, because we have not now a
line carrying the mails between New Orleans
and those ports. Well, sir, we had, but ii was
interrupted and it ceased just before the v;ur.
If that argument be a good one, why is it that
the Postmaster General, instead of the Secu-
tary of the Navy or the Secretary of Wai,
contracted for the reestablishment of the line
which was interrupted by the war, which did
not exist for some time after the close of the
war, between Baltimore and New Orleans bv
the way of Key West? He may say that the
latter service is coastwise; but that surely
does not make any difference. The compensa-
tion paid is postal compensation ; and there is
the additional argument in favor of this, that
it. reestablishes those commercial relations
with Mexico that have been interrupted, that-
have been in a great measure disturbed be-
cause of Great Britain and France subsidizing
mail steamship lines to such an extent that
they have been enabled to put on their lines
large, fast, and commodious steamers, greatly
superior to any we can afford, and thus draw
from us absolutely three fourths and more of
the trade of Mexico, while we are entitled to
that proportion instead of those countries.
Why, sir, nearly or quite nine tenths of the
passenger travel from these Mexican ports
to liuropean ports—and it is quite large—go
by the way of Havana and St. Thomas on
the Loyal British Mail Steamship Company's
vessels or on French vessels, and not ten in a
hundred go across our country. There is
not one dollar in ten of the bullion that is
exported from Tampico, Vera Cruz, and other
Mexican ports that comes through our coun-
try ; but it comes within a few hundred miles
