1814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
A. Davis, reported adversely thereon, and
moved their indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
Mr, HOWELL. I am also directed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2220) granting a pension
to Mary Cunningham, to report it back with-
out amendment, and to ask that it be put upon
ltSTheS VICE PRESIDENT. Doesthe Sen-
ator from Maine object to pension bills being
considered?
Mr. HAMLIN. I object to everything that
is not regularly in order.
Mr. HOWELL. I hope the Senator will
allow me to pass this little pension bill. There
is no other time at which we can get these bills
through except when we report them. I ap-
peal to the Senator to allow me to pass this
bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall be very much obliged
to the^Senator from Ipwa if he will allow busi-
ness to proceed in order, so that I can reach a
resolution on the table and have it acted upon.
Mr. HOWELL. It would not have taken
half as long to pass the bill as it has taken the
Senator to stand here objecting to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine objects, and it requires unanimous con-
sent to consider the bill now. If reported now,
it must be placed upon the Calendar.
Mr. HOWELL. 1 hope to get it up again.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will help the Senator when
it is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Iowa that he can
do as the Senator from Ohio did, withdraw the
report for the present.
Mr. HOWELL. Very well; I will withdraw
it for the present, and offer it at some other
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report is
withdrawn.
Mr. HOWELL. I have some other pension
bills to report, but I will not present them at
this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing bills, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration, and moved their indefi-
nite postponement; which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 13G8) to provide for the re-
moval of certain causes from State courts to
the United States courts;
A bill (H. R. No. 1400) to remedy certain
defects in the judicial administration of certain
customs revenue laws ; and
A bill (H._R. No. 3000) relative to the tak-
ing of depositions de bene esse in the courts of
the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the same commit-
tee, to whom was referred a petition of citi-
zens of Kentucky, in relation to the Federal
courts in Kentucky, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration ; which was
agreed to.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1279) to extend the jurisdiction of the United
States district court for the southern district
of Florida, reported it without amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
additional copies of the eulogies delivered on
the late Hon. John Covode, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment, and
to ask for its present consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Maine has objected to the present considera-
tion of any reports.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Maine
will not object to this. This is merely a ques-
tion of printing.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir; I object. Letus
go on with business for one morning in order.
Mr. ANTHONY. I withdraw the report,
and will present it again to-morrow morning.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing bills, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration, and moved their indefi-
nite postponement; which was agreed to :
A bill (S. No. 721) to prevent and punish
election frauds;
A bill (S. No. 884) to incorporate the Inter-
national Society of the United States for the
Promotion and Protection of Immigration;
A bill - (S. No. 1232) to prescribe the man-
ner of holding elections for President, Vice
President, and Representatives in Congress,
and for other purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 1106) to amend an act entitled
'' An act to amend the naturalization laws, and
for other purposes," approved July 14, 1870;
A bill (S. No. 128?) further to preserve the
purity of elections and guard against the abuses
of the elective franchise by a registration of
electors;
A bill (S. No. 1325) to prevent and punish
•bribery and corrupt practices in the elections
of electors of President and Vice President of
the United States, and of members of the
House of Representatives in the Congress of
the United States; and
A bill (H. R. No. 513) to provide for hold-
ing annual terms of the United States circuit
and district courts for the northern district of
New York, at Elmira, New York.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following resolutions and
petitions, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to:
Resolutions of the Republican county com-
mittee of Rensselaer county, New York, relat-
ing to the jurisdiction of the justice's court
of the city of Troy ;
A petition of the president and secretary of
the Citizens' Association of New York, pray-
ing the passage of a bill to incorporate the
International Society of the United States for
the promotion and protection of immigration;
A petition of citizens of New York, praying
that the elections for members of Congress
and presidential electors throughout the sev-
eral States may be held on the same day; and
A petition of citizens of New York, praying
the passage of the bill to incorporate the Inter-
national Society of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom were re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 2222) granting a
pension to Maggie B. Miller; the bill (H. R.
No. 2299) granting a pension to Rachel Con-
kle; and the bill (H. R. No. 2330) granting a
pension to Catherine R. Roberts, to report
them back adversely. It appears that all these
ladies have already received pensions under
the general law; but it is due to them to say
that these pensions have been granted at the
Pension Office since the passage of these bills
by the House, so that there is no occasion for
action upon them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bills will be
indefinitely postponed if there be no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the same committee,
to whom was referred the petition of Ellen
M. A. Troy, praying to be allowed a pension,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
Mi'. EDMUNDS. I have also two favorable
reports to make on pension bills; but if my
friend from Maine objects to their being passed
now, I will not present them.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I will not present
them now.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (8. No.
1288) for the relief of the widows, heirs, and
legal representatives of Stephen Tipton and
John A. Sams, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and moved its indefi-
nite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. WARNER. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 1185, to provide for the
appointment of an additional judge of the
district courts in the State of Alabama, and
for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine [Mr. Hamlin] has made a general objec-
tion to anything being taken up out of the reg-
ular order.
Mr. WARNER. Then I give notice that
when it is in order, I-shall move to take up
that bill.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the petition
of Robert Murray, late United States marshal
of the southern district of New York, praying
for relief against certain, judgments obtained
against him for acts done in his official capacity
during the rebellion, under instructions from
the Government, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, the committee not
having had time to investigate it, and that the
petitioner have leave to withdraw his petition
and papers ; which was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2940)
in relation to the fees and compensation of
United States attorneys, marshals, and clerks
in the Territories of the United States, have
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment. It is a very short bill, and I ask that it
be put upon its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine objects to any bill being put upon its
passage until Senate resolutions are reached.
The bill must be placed upon the Calendar if
it is now reported.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Horace
Page, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that the petitioner have
leave to withdraw his petition and papers;
which was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. CRAGIN. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask its present consideration:
Resolved, That between the hours of half past four
and half past seven this day the Senate will remain
in session, and that one half hour, if desired, shall
be given to each Senate committee, in the order they
stand in the Congressional Directory, for the pur-
pose of considering House bills reported by said com-
mittees.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I object.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask if that resolution
does not prevent any recess at all ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does; but
the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury]
has objected to its present consideration, and
it will lie over.
union pacific railroad.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask its present consideration:
Jiesolved, That the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road investigate and report the state of indebted-
ness between the United States Government and
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, and particu-
larly the amount of money and land subsidies voted
to it by Congress, the amount of bonds, by classes,
issued by said company, and the amount of which
Congress guarantied the payment of principal and
interest, the amount of bonds of all classes told by
said company, and the amount realized by their
sale, the amount owing by said company to the Uni-
ted States for interest paid on said bonds, and when
those arrears severally occurred, what disposition
was made by said company of the proceeds of their
bonds sold, what amounts of money or property said
company has distributed among its stockholders,
with the dates, and from what sources the money
came, all the transactions between said company and
an organization called "the Credit JMobilier," and
what was that "Credit Mobilier," and who com-
posed it.
Mr. HOWARD. I object to that resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to make the resolution
comprehend all the Pacific railroads.
Ihe VICE PRESIDEN I1. The resolution is
objected to by the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. DAVIS. I am sorry that the Senator
from Michigan objects to light being poured in
upon the dark proceedings of these corpora-
tions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
objected to, and therefore is not subject to
debate.
pension nominations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make a motion for an
order that the Committee on Pensions be
