1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1815
authorized to send for persons and papers in
respect to any nomination depending before
us. Of course it is not fit that I should say
why that is necessary, but we want lo compel
the attendance of witnesses.
The Y1CB PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont, the chairman of the Committee on
Pensions, asks authority for that committee
to send for persons and papers in reference to
nominations pending before them. The Chair
hears no objection, and it is so ordered.
COMMITTEE ON SOUTHERN OUTRAGES.
Mr. HAMLIN. If there be no other reso-
lutions, my motion is now in order, and I
move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of the resolution I offered the day before
yesterday.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution :
Resolved, That the select committee to investigate
alleged outrages in the southern States be, and the
same is hereby, continued, with full authority to
prosecute their investigations during the tirst session
of the Forty-Second Congress.
Mr. BAYARD. I take it for granted that
the investigation of this committee will con-
tinue ; but I submit what is the effect of the
action of a committee of one Congress extend-
ing into another Congress. Must there not be
some agreement of the succeeding Congress to
accept from the hands of the one preceding it,
a different body, under a different organization,
the results of their labors ? I should exceed-
ingly regret to spend the time over again that
we have spent in taking this testimony ; and I
merely wish to know what the effect of this
resolution will be upon the work already done
in this Forty-First Congress. The Senator
from Maine will probably understand the scope
of my question. I simply ask for information.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will state to the Senator
from Delaware what I understand to be the
scope and design of the resolution. I leam
that there are witnesses summoned, and I be-
lieve in attendance, who have not testified, and
there i_s not sufficient time during this session
of Congress to take their testimony. This
being a select committee of the Senate, it would
be their duty, if their term is not extended by
a vote of the Senate, to report at the close of
this session. This resolution is designed to
give them a few days of the next session, and
then let them make their report, instead of
now.
Mr. BAYARD. The only point I make is
whether a committee of one Congress is qual-
ified to act for another Congress.
Mr. HAMLIN. Undoubtedly, ifso author-
ized by the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. But the Senate of the 4th
of March will not be the Senate cf to-day. _
Mr. HAMLIN. I think it will be precisely
the same Senate. There will be some new
members and there will be some old members
reelected, but it will be the same Senate. The
Senate is a perpetual body, not like the House.
It will be another session, but the same Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. It strikes ine that in con-
templation of law the composition of this body
changes with every Congress, and the meas-
ures of this Congress certainly cannot affect a
succeeding one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Del-
aware entertains the same view that perhaps
every person would who had not thought of
this subject. I recollect that one of the ear-
liest lessons that was taught me when I came
to the Senate on the part of the old Senators
and our then venerable Secretary and the other
officers here was, that the Senate was a per-
petual body, not like the House, that went out
every two years; and upon looking at the mat-
ter I find that it has always been so considered.
The Senate maybe convened at any time by
the President without the House, on executive
business; and the officers of the Senate are
continued along without any reelection. The
officers of the Senate during this Congress are
th« officers of the next. We may elect officers
to-day, who will serve at the next session, and
that, I think, has always been the understand-
ing.
Mr. BAYARD. I only ask for information,
for I should exceedingly regret that the testi-
mony we have taken should be lost.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am unable to see how
the Senate of next session will be the same
Senate as this. If the Senate passes a bill at
this session, and.it'fails to pass in the other
House, what becomes of it? Does it continue
passed by the Senate ? I understood the Sen-
ator from Maine, who by reason of his experi-
ence ought to understand the subject better
than most of us, to maintain that the Senate
was a continuing Senate, and to maintain that
against the suggestion of the Senator from
Delaware that the Senate changes, although
not in the same degree as the House. It seems
to me inevitable, if the Senator from Maine be
correct, that if the Senate to-day should origin-
ate and pass a bill, and it should not go to
the House, or if going there, it should fail to
pass that body, it would continue a bill that
had passed the Senate until it had gone to the
House, although that should be for a period
of two or three years. It seems to mo that
demonstrates that the Senate does not con-
tinue as the same legislative body. For the
purposes of officers and committees, it may be
that the Senate continues ; I do not know how
that is ; but it seems to me the statement of
the Senator from Maine is one that upon reflec-
tion he will be disposed to revise, at least as
broadly as it was made.
Mr. SCOTT. This resolution involves a
question in which I feel some interest. If I
were to express my personal feelings on the
subject, I would say that I would rather be
relieved than to have this committee continued,
for the reason that it involves, and will con-
tinue to involve, a very great amount of labor
and continued investigation. The resolution is
introduced more at the desire of other Senators
in the body than of my own, as I am the chair-
man of that committtee ; but I deem it proper
to state that in consultation with Senators, I
have stated what has already been made
known on the floor of the Senate, that it was
the desire of the committee to make this invest-
igation thorough, so that the report might give
a true statement of the condition of things in
the States which we shall investigate. In pur-
suance of that intention a large number of
witnesses have been brought here, at the in-
stance both of the majority and the minority
members of the committee ; but with the busi-
ness that is now before the Senate and the
constant occupation of Senators requiring them
to be in the Chamber, it is utterly impossible
that those witnesses should be examined dur-
ing the continuance of this session. I may
further state that that examination has thus
far been confined to one State, whereas the
resolution under which we are appointed con-
templates an examination into the condition
of all the southern States; and if it is the inten-
tion, as I have no doubt it is, of the Senate, in
consequence of this resolution being offered,
that we shall discharge all the duties that were
imposed upon us by the resolution appoint-
ing the committee, the continuance of the
committee, let the labors be as arduous as
they may, is absolutely necessary. As I have
already said, I have neither sought heretofore,
nor do I desire now, that these labors should
be continued; but as a matter of public duty,
the Senate having imposed it upon us, if it is
to be discharged, the continuance of the com-
mittee is necessary.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to amend the
resolution by adding "and that the proceed-
ings of the committee be published." I "offer
that amendment for this reason: I do not mean
to reflect on anybody; but it is quite obvious
that the privacy of the committee has not been
observed, and that ex parte publications of a
portion or perhaps the whole of the proceed-
ings have been had; reports have been made
in the newspapers as to the testimony. Now,
sir, what you cannot keep private, as is shown,
had better be made public.
By making the proceedings .public you
accomplish two good ends: you prevent the
publication of ex parte* and distorted state-
ments, garbled extracts, and other injustice in
respect to the proceedings, and in the next
place, if any man or any set of men, if any
community is falsely charged by any portion
of the testimony taken, that community will
have notice of the charge and be at liberty to
repel it. On both those grounds, it seems to
me, the sessions of this committee, if contin-
ued, as I suppose they ought to be, if the com-
mittee is to stand at all, should be held in
public. It is more in accordance with our
ideas of the functions of a court; and this
committee is really a court, subordinate to
this body however, to receive testimony and
to report it here for the action of the Senate.
Mr. BLAIR. I think with the Senator from
California that there ought to be no secrecy in
regard to the testimony taken before this com-
mittee, and for the simple reason, as he has
alleged, that ex parte statements have gone
forth to the public, doing great injustice to
large communities; and according to the pub-
lication which I brought to the attention of the
Senate the other day, those ex;parte statements
were used in the Republican caucus to produce
hostile legislation against communities.
There is another reason why the proceedings
should be public. If witnesses testify incul-
pating large communities, it would give notice
to these communities, and they would pro-
duce witnesses here to disprove the allega-
tions made, produce rebutting testimony, and
also produce witnesses as to the character of
the men who so testified. It is a principle of
law that individuals who are assailed in their
character or in their rights are allowed a hear-
ing, are permitted to confront their accusers,
and produce witnesses in their defense. In this
proceeding a secret inquisition is had upon
whole communities for the purpose of pro-
ducing hostile legislation of the very worst
character. It is monstrous that the people
who are thus abused, who are thus to be pun-
ished, shall have no opportunity of confront-
ing their accusers and rebutting the testimony
that is produced. Witnesses are sent for, and
we of the minority, totally unacquainted with
the facts, not living in the communities our-
selves, are unable to fix upon the men who
could most successfully rebut the evidence pro-
duced against them. I trust that after what
has appeared in the newspapers—a statement
which I am sure was not authorized by the
chairman of the committee, because it does
not contain the truth—these proceedings will
be made public. There has been nothing pre-
sented to the committee that rises to the dig-
nity of evidence, to prove the fact alleged to
have been stated by the chairman of the com-
mittee before the Republican caucus. I hope
the amendment will prevail.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask for the reading of
the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
add to the resolution " and that the proceed-
ings of said committee shall be public."
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. It is entirely unusual.
Why not leave the whole thing to the commit-
tee themselves? If they find it necessary to
hold secret sessions, they ought to be allowed
to do so ; and theremay be and probably will
be numerous occasions on which it will be
necessary for them to hold secret sessions. 1
do not think that any such clause as this was
ever inserted in a resolution appointing tt
special committee before.
Mr. HAMLIN. Never.
Mr. HOWARD. The joint Committee on
Reconstruction were under no such restric-
tions. They were at liberty to exclude the
public, or to admit as many of the public as
they might see fit. Why undertake to tram-
