1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1203
of us, and then bears right away from us and
goes by way of England or by way of France
to China. There it is exchanged for the pro-
ducts of that country, which are then brought
back by the same circuitous route, and there
exchanged again, together with British and
French manufactured goods, for the bullion
that is in turn again exported by way of Eng-
land and France, not touching our country
at all.
Now, sir, I apprehend that if I make any
misstatement in the only additional remark
which I shall make upon this point my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] will certainly cor-
rect me, for he is always very quick to do that
on financial matters, and he is certainly very
good authority on such questions. If it be
true, as Mr. Young, of the Bureau of Statistics,
says, that forty-eight per cent, of the original
value of the goods imported into this country
is collected as duty, and if we are able by the
establishment of this line to bring but a very
small proportion of what we are entitled to
from Mexican ports to this country by way of
NeW Orleans, Mobile, or any other port, we
shall certainly be amply remunerated for our
outlay. Sir, if we only increase our importa-
tions "$2,000,000 per annum we should have
over nine hundred thousand dollars in gold
paid to us as duty, which would be over seven
hundred thousand dollars more than we pro-
pose to pay by the terms of this bill for the
service to be rendered.
lleally, sir, we propose by this bill as com-
pensation for ten years only $130,000 per an-
num on an average. Now, I undertake to say
it is penny wise and pound foolish to withhold
this slight compensation, considering the ben-
efits to be derived by our commerce. Sir, I
believe there is not to-day a steamer plying
regularly between any port of the United States
and the ports of Mexico with the exception
of the single line from New York that I have
already mentioned, and that as I have shown is
maintained by a subsidy paid by the compara-
tively feeble and impoverished Government of
Mexico ; paid to help sustain commercial rela-
tions with us.
Sir, what I desire is to have a bill that will
aid us, not only in reestablishing, but in in-
creasing our commercial relations with the
ports of Mexico and of other Gulf ports. I
do not insist upon any particular feature of
this bill. If in the judgment of the Senate
no incorporators should be mentioned in the
bill, if it is thought best to leave it with the
Postmaster General to advertise for bids and
contract with parties, I am content. Indeed,
I very much prefer it, if thereby the object of
the bill can best be attained. But, sir, I do
hope the Senate will give us some measure
that will aid us to recover some of the com-
merce we have lost and to which we are justly
entitled; a measure that will also be a step
toward securing our proportion of the trade
not only of the countries on the Gulf but of
Central and South America,
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Louisi-
ana, much to my surprise, is troubled about
the statement I made that the great body of
our commerce with Mexico is of no value to
us in the money sense of the word, the silver
of the mines of Mexico passing through our
country without yielding us any revenue. I
stated that the great body of our commerce
with Mexico was simply in receiving this sil-
ver and transporting it. I find, on looking
at the documents, that the amount is greater
than I supposed. The entire amount of im-
portations from Mexico into this country
during the last year was $12,774,148, of which
in silver, which was altogether the largest in
amount, there were $9,993,022, or nearly ten
million dollars. The amount of gold was
$235,777. The total amount of goods admit-
ted free of duty from Mexico into this country
was $10,906,278, The total amount of duti-
able goods coming from Mexico, of every kind,
was $2,192,000, and about one half of those
duties has since been repealed. The great
body of our trade with Mexico is in jute.
Mr. KELLOGG. "Of our trade;" but
what is the great bulk of the trade of Mexico
with foreign nations?
Mr. SHERMAN. We received from them
about six hundred thousand dollars' worth of
jute, and we received from them a lot of dye-
woods and stuffs of that kind which we have
made duty free. I believe that with the single
exception of jute and a few minor articles
nearly everything that comes from Mexico
comes into this country free of duty.
Mr. STEWART. The great point I should
like to know is what we send them. Because
if we get silver we can send them something
for it.
I have not looked at that.
That is the important
Mr. SHERMAN.
Mr. STEWART,
point.
Mr. SHERMAN.
I simply wished to show
that the idea that we should give this subsidy,
which for ten years will be $1,500,000, for
the purpose of building up a postal service,
with the expectation of getting a postal ser-
vice with Mexico, is a delusion. If it is for
the purpose of building up our commerce with
Mexico, we have it now ; for all these articles
that are brought here are brought in Ameri-
can bottoms. All our commerce with Mexico
is in American bottoms and not in foreign bot-
toms. Of our $13,000,000 commerce with
Mexico $12,431,000 were brought in American
bottoms and only $667,000 upon foreign ves-
sels. If it is intended to increase our com-
merce, and induce the trade of Mexico to be
transported in American vessels rather than
British, I say it is not needed, for that trade
is now transported practically in American
vessels.
Mr. NYE. Does the honorable Senator
mean to say that the whole commerce of Mex-
ico is in onr bottoms from Mexico ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Between this country and
Mexico.
Mr. NYE. That is a very small portion of
the whole. I suppose the object is to get the
balance.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that; but I
should like to know how this measure is likely
to increase it. How will this subsidy affect
that question? Suppose we should send more
vessels there. American vessels now carry
all the trade between this country and Mexico ;
and will the mere subsidizing of steam lines
between Vera Cruz and New Orleans greatly
enlarge our exports and imports ?
Mr. NYE. I suppose the point is perfectly
clear that if we can establish a permanent line,
and aline of sufficient importance to command
the attention of the commercial portion of
Mexico, we shall not only get what is now
shipped to ourown country in our own bottoms,
but we shall take from that country its com-
merce and carry to other countries in our
bottoms.
Mr. SHERMAN. In my judgment the effect
of subsidizing these steamship lines will be to
substitute iron vessels, steamers of a large
grade and a large size, at the expense of the
United States, and to the destruction of that
little commerce which is carried on in the
wooden-bottoms built in Maine. That has
been the effeet and that has been the result
of subsidies in other countries ; it has been the
result of subsidies in our own country. The
substitution of iron steamers between New
Orleans and Vera Cruz will drive out all the
trade of the smaller vessels that are sailing from
all the ports of the United States to the ports
of Mexico, and that now carry on this com-
merce of thirteen or fourteen million dollars,
which is almost exclusively in American bot-
toms.
I did not desire to engage in this debate ; I
simply wished to vote on this bill without pro-
longing the discussion.
Mr. KELLOGG. I very well remember
hearing that those who made wooden plows
objected to the iron and steel plow. True, it
was seen to be more efficient, but it took away
the trade of the manufacturers of wooden
plows! Now for the facts. I ask; the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance what the
total trade of Mexico is with all countries?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will have
to ask my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr,
Sumner,] who deals with foreign matters. Agk
me as to the trade of this country and I will
tell you.
Mr. KELLOGG. It is not less than sixty-
five million dollars, I can safely say.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then we have one fourth
of it now.
Mr. KELLOGG. I have explained before
that the importation of nearly six millions of
specie, which appears in our returns last year,
was an extraordinary importation. If the
Senator looks back to the statistics of the
year before last, he will see that the amount
was nearly six millions less; and if he will go
back still further, he will find it still less.
Mr. NYE. Let me ask the Senator a ques-
tion. I have learned that in some way that
exportation of specie was regarded as a very
great encroachment upon British trade, and
they by their combinations and their subsidies,
being enabled to carry the specie which was
brought here to England for nothing, our coun-
try is deprived of the value of that specie or
of its transportation or its use here. I should
like to know from the Senator whether that is
true or not?
Mr. KELLOGG. Certainly that trade is lost
to us. In 1865 we established a subsidized
line between Rio de Janeiro and Pernambuco,
in Brazil, and the port of New York. I ask
the Senator from Ohio how much our trade
has increased with Brazil since that time ?
What does Mr. Blow say? What does the Sec-
retary of State say as to the increase of the
trade of Brazil in consequence of that subsi-
dized line? It increased in three years five
hundred per cent, with Great Britain, and it
has increased in nearly that proportion since
1865 with us.
Now, a word more. The importation of
silver is very valuable. How much do we
get from Mexico? We get $1,000,000. One
million dollars stays with us out of the whole
importation of specie, and not over that amount.
It is very valuable to other countries, and they
subsidize steam lines to get it. The total trade
of Mexico is about sixty-five million dollars,
of which we get less than a fourth. Last year
we got less than one sixth of her trade, and
every other year, for thg last fifteen years, we
had less than one sixth of it. And yet she is on
the main land, in close proximity to us, our
natural ally and neighbor. Coffee, after specie,
is one of the principal articles of exportation ;
and the same remark is true of coffee that I
have made as to silver.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, it seem3
to me that no one can doubt that the estab-
lishment of a line of steamers between our
country and any foreign country in close prox-
imity to us can do otherwise than increase
our commerce with that country, increase the
exports of our manufactures. The object in
establishing this line is to create a market
for our own products, our own manufactured
goods, for everything that is consumed in
Mexico, so that it shall go from this country
within a few hundred miles of their own land,
instead of being brought from England, four
thousand miles distant. It is very evident that
frequent communication will induce the mer-
chants in that country to purchase their goods
here, so as to make quick returns. They will
come here to lay in their supplies and take
them back there, and dispose of them, and
return again and purchase our goods, return
and sell again; and so on. Every man
that has been engaged as a merchant under-
stands the law of trade, and understands that
with quick communication and direct com-
munication this commerce can be built uj ;
