1816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
mel the hands of the committee and say their
doors shall be open perpetually to the intru-
sion of persons who may or may not have an
interest in their inquiry? Why allow a mob to
rush into the committee-room to disperse the
committee at will? Why say to the committee,
"You shall admit A, B, C, D, any number,
and of any character'whatever?" Does the
Senator from Missouri intend to disperse and
break up the committee by introducing a mob?
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator from Michigan
•will permit me to say that the sessions of the
Senate are open to the public, and we are not
in danger of being dispersed by a mob. This
committee might also be open to the public,
and the testimony taken might be heard by the
public.
Mr. HOWARD. There is no analogy be-
tween the two cases at all. The Senate is a
public body with its proper officers and police
force here, which cannot be used by a com-
mittee appointed merely to make an inquiry.
The same objection would lie to an inquest
made by a grand jury. Do they admit the
public on all occasions ? Of course not. This
is a mete inquiry to ascertain facts.
Mr. BLA1U. I will say to the Senator 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan yield to the Senator from
Missouri ?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir.
Tlie VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Michigan declines to yield.
Mr. BLAIR. And I am very glad he does
decline.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan cannot be interrupted except with
his own consent.
Mr. HOWARD. I have but a word to say.
I hope no such restriction will be imposed on
the committee. It is unfair to all parties con-
cerned. We may trust the committee, I take
it. We may trust to their honesty and to their
honor. But the objection raised by the Sen-
ator from Missouri seems to imply that this
committee is not to be trusted; that it is with
them a foregone conclusion; that they are to
make a one sided report on this case, which is
a reflection upon the committee themselves, it
seems to me.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor fro in Michigan asks whether by this amend-
ment it is intended to break up the committee.
If the Senator from Michigan had not asked
that, question seriously, as is evident from his
manner, it would be regarded as rather a large-
sized joke. What is the danger of breaking up
the committee if its'sessions should be open?
Has any one seen any number of loose, dis-
orderly characters hanging about the doors of
that committee-room at, any time? I imagine
there have been none seen more formidable
nor more dangerous nor more ill-looking, or I
might say so ill-looking or so dangerous, as
the witnesses produced there on the part of
the Senator from Michigan and his party; and
unless they break up that committee, I am not
aware of anybody else from whom the slightest
danger is to be apprehended.
_ The Senator has practiced in courts all his
life, and he speaks of a proposition to have
the meetings of this committee open to the
public as a restriction ! Why, sir, in addition
to thfe confused notions of government which
prevail here, we now have confused notions
of law and of the administration of it, and
still more confused notions of the English lan-
guage. To open the doors of a court is a re-
striclion ! io open the doors of a committee
is a restriction! Courts of law in common law
countries, administering criminal justice in
particular, have sat with open doors since the
tune whereof the memory of man runneth not
to the contrary. It is the glory of the com-
mon law that its criminal courts have not been
star chambers nor secret inquisitions; and the
Senator from Michigan, a man eminent in his
profession, now speaks of that as a restric-
tion! No, sir; the restriction is in having the
doors of this committee closed, in permitting
all sorts of testimony to be adduced there
without any knowledge of it on the part of
those most immediately affected in their dear-
est rights.
If the Senator from Michigan is alarmed for
the personal safety of any member of the com-
mittee, I will very cheerfully add to my amend-
ment that the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to furnish whatever force is necessary to pre-
serve order in the committee during its public
sessions.
Mr. SCOTT. I think it is due that I should
make one or two remarks in answer to what
has fallen from the Senator from Missouri and
the Senator from California.
So far as the secrecy observed by this com-
mittee is concerned, I wish it understood that
it is not at the desire of the members of the
committee that the secrecy is observed. It is
for the protection of the witnesses who have
been called before us. I may say that the
impression existed before the committee was
formed, and it certainly has not diminished
since, that some witnesses who come before
that committee come there at the peril of their
lives, and it is their desire that neither their
names nor their evidence be published for the
present.
I do not propose to state what occurred in
caucus, nor do I propose to say how any re-
ports have gotten • out in regard to what has
occurred before that committee. While the
members of the committee observe secrecy,
we enjoin none upon the witnesses. They may
go out and tell what they have sworn to, if
they see proper. That is their business, not
ours. I do not intend to enter further into
any discussion as to whether what has ap-
peared in the newspapers is true or false. I
shall be content to let the verdict upon that
question await the evidence when it is pub-
lished.
Mr. BLAIR. X will say in reply to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania that there can be no
reason lor thus keeping the names and the
evidence of witnesses secret now, because it
is eventually to be presented to the Senate and
published by the Senate.
I will say further to the Senator from Michi-
gan, who has claimed that our meetings would
he broken up and dispersed if they were made
public, that there can be no possibility of that;
there can be no danger of it. The object which
I have in view, among others, is that when
witnesses have been produced and have sworn
to a certain state of facts I shall have the lib-
erty to send their depositions to that portion
of the country- which they have incriminated,
in order to produce the evidence to contradict
them, if it can be done. I say it is the right
of those communities that this evidence should
be known before this hearing is closed, and
that they should have an opportunity to meet
the evidence that has been produced against
them. Otherwise, this is nothing more nor
less than a secret inquisition, incriminating
men without giving them a hearing, incrim-
inating whole communities withoutgiving them
a hearing, and then punishing them here in the
Congress of the United States upon this secret
evidence which they have had no opportunity
to meet and no opportunity to confute. That,
sir, is despotism distilled.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not propose to say
anything of what has occurred in committee.
It was, as I remember, the understanding,
whether express or tacit, that tfe were not to
discuss the testimony in this case outside until
it had all been taken, in order that we then
should be heard upon the finality, and not
attempt to prejudice it. But, sir, it must not
be forgotten that this is a one-sided case. I
do not desire to repeat here any remarks that
I made on the introduction of the resolution
appointing the committee; but I wish to draw
the attention of the Senate and of the country
to the fact that this is an arraign rnentof whole
States under general charges, Now, sir, how
are those charges sought to be sustained, and
how can they be refuted? They must be sus-
tained by the testimony of individuals who are
selected by the partisans who desire to have
the charges made good, and the charges must
be met and refuted by witnesses called in reply.
Now, how can we, who may be termed the de-
fendants in the case, know, and how can the
community charged know, what allegations
they are called upon to refute unless they shall
be published to them?
I have not one word to say in respect to
whether witnesses have felt themselves safe to
testify or not. That is a question that arose
in committee. I have my own views and my
own belief upon that subject; but can it inure
to the safety of those people that for a little
time only their allegations shall be suppressed,
and suppressed just long enongh to forbid them
being refuted? Certainly that will not do.
Without saying one word in regard to what
occurred in the committee, I do here aver,
upon the knowledge of all the men of this
country, that any man in the United States is
completely safe under the laws of his country
in answering the truth under oath before a
congressional committee or before a court,
and that he may do that with as little danger
in the southern country as in the North, or
anywhere else.
Now, Mr. President, there has been, owing
to the door opened by this investigation, an
effort to prejudice the ease in advance and
prejudice the public mind. The Senator from
Alabama [Mr. Warner] rose here the other
day, and, not content with his long speeches in
the Senate on the resolution when introduced,
brought in a long petition, which he not only
presented, but caused to bereadj in which cer-
tain allegations of violence were made against
the people of the State of Alabama.
Mr. WARNER rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware yield?
Mr. BAYARD. I am not through.
Mr. WARNER. Let me correct the Sen-
ator in his misstatement of facts. I did no such
thing.
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly a petition was
presented here, and read at the Secretary's
table.
Mr. WARNER. It Was not presented by me.
Mr. BAYARD. It was presented, then, by
the Senator from Alabama in front of me,
[Mr. Spencer.] 1 was in error as to which
gentleman presented it. I was not in the
Chamber at the time it was presented. The
same thing was done by the Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Pool.] He presented a
petition which was read in full and'explained,
that the Senate and the country might know
that the charges were made, and not that they
were denied. I do not propose to refer to any-
thing that has occurred before the committee.
Upon that I am perfectly silent, and shall
await its final deliberation and report; but
that the Senate may see how easy it is to start
these lies against people, these stories, and
how easy it is, when the truth is known, com-
pletely to upset them, I ask that the paper
which I hold in my hand be read at the desk.
It is a thing which has not been before the
committee. It is a mere specimen of how easy
it is to slander a man and then not let him
know it until it is too late for him to contradict
it. I ask, first, that the newspaper article may
be read, and then the reply of the agent sent
by the Governor of Alabama to investigate the
particular facts of that case. It is not one that
is before the committee.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the paper.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
A minister Knkluxed for preaching in colored peo-
ples churcnee.~-V?s have received a letter from a
prominent and reliable gentleman living at We-
turoka, stating that about three weeks  Ko Rev. J.
VV. Dorman, a minister of the Northern Methodist
church, was severely whipped in the northeast Piirt
ot Jilmore county by a party of eight men. Tho
