1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1817
names of the men areas follows: "Warren "Williams,
Isaac Williams, Perry Howie, George Howie,Yancey
Nickels, G-. M. Howie, Benjamin Howie, and Alex-
ander Weldon. It seems that Mr. Dorman had
offended these gentry by preaching in the colored
churches in that section. We are glad to learn that
Governor Lindsay has taken steps to secure these
men. It can be easily done if the officers are in earn-
est."—Montgomery (Alabama) Journal, February 18.
State op Alabama,
Executive Department, February 17,1871.
Dear Sir : Pursuant to instructions received from
your Excellency on the 15th instant, I proceeded to
Elmore county to inquire into an alleged outrageous
attack by a band of outlaws upon the person of one
Isaac W. Dorman, on Sunday, the29tn ultimo.
From the testimony of many prominent citizens,
comprising members of the bar and others, the first
citizens of the county, I find the following to be the
facts in the ease:
The said Isaac W. Dorman is employed by the
northern Methodist church to preach to the freed-
men, and in compliance with hi? engagements went
to the plantation of Mr. J. W. Howl, without first
consulting him, harangued the negroes, not upon
religious topics, but advising them to am and assert
their political and social equality with the whites,
stating that he was ready and willing to assist them.
These facts were reported to Mr. Howl by his freed-
men, who thereupon went to said Dorman and told
him that when he came to preach on his place to
come to his house and he should be entertained as a
gentleman, but that he should positively object to
his proceeding in the manner above stated, and fur-
thermore would not allow it. Dorman promised to
comply, but on a subsequent visit again fraternized
with the negroes, ignoring the kind invitation of
Mr. Howl. Mr. Howl being apprised of this, went
to the house of the negro with whom Dorman was
stopping and found him eating at the table with the
negro family. . , . ^
Upon Mr. Howl's entrance into the room Dor-
man rose from the table, knife in hand, accost-
ins Mr. Howl in very insulting language, and fearing
an assault, Mr. Howl, with his walking-cane, struck
the knife from Dorman's hand, and gave mm a
thrashing. All this occurred in daylight, and Mr.
Howl was tho only person engaged in the assault.
Dorman immediately went to Wetumpka andsworo
out a warrant of arrest against Mr. Howl, his two
sons, the eldest of whom is only eleven years old,
and several other gentleman in the neighborhood as
instigators and accessories. When the order oi arrest
was handed the constable, with instructions to sum-
mon a posse of twenty men, and not to disclose the
names of the parties to be arrested, he offered to go
alone, pledging himself to bring all the parties nameu
in the warrant, but his orders were peremptory, to
take the posse and go by a circuitous- route to Mr.
Howl's house. The gentlemen who accompanied
the officers were not aware who were the parties to
bo arrested until they were halted at the house ot Mr.
Howl, who, upon learning their object, immediately
sui rendered himself without resistance, as did all
the parties named in the warrant, and proceeded
with them to Wetumpka, where they were bound
over to appear at the next term of the county court,
in the sum of $1,00.) each, tho most substantial mer-
chants of the place voluntarily placing their names
on the bond. , ltfl.
The case will be tried on Monday next if the pros-
ecutor appears, which I am assured is unlikely, as
the county solicitor, Mr. Delony, proposed to Mr.
Howl's attorney to compromise the matter, agree-
ing to dismiss the suit if Mr. Howl would pay the
e°Numbers of the best citizens proffered to make
affidavit that Mr. Howl was a most worthy Chris-
tian gentleman, a prominent meinberof the church,
and one of the most substantial citizens ot Alabama,
and at the same time asserted that it could be sub-
srantiated by good Radical authority that Isaac W.
Dorman was a man of no standing in society, and
that furthermore, he was a fugitive from justice, an
indictment being now pending in Georgia agaiDst
him for attempted rape on his own cousin, his father,
a worthy minister of the gospel, positively refusing
to recognize him after the offense above stated..
Dorman is notorious among the negroes as being a
lewd, licentious man, and Mr. Brogden. when called
on by Mr. Delony to avouch his character, (though
belonging to the same party,) refused, stating that
every one knew Dorman to bo an unprincipled
1 "Slr.'belony the solicitor, was selected by many with
whom I consulted, as being the probable author oi
the letter to Senator Spkncer, giving an account ot
the •• outrage," and he was known to be drunK 0..
the 29th ultimo, the day and date of said letter.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient sei vant,
W. V. CHARDAROYNE.
His Excellency Hubert II. Lindsay,
Governor of Alabama-
Before the conclusion of the reading of the
above document,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will suspend the reading. The morning hour
has expired, and the Army appropriation bill
is before the Senate, and by the order adopted
by unanimous consent at the adjournment last
evening, the Senate is now to vote upon the
amendment of the Senator from Arkansas
[Mr. McDonald] and amendments thereto
without farther debate.
Mr. BAYARD. I merely ask that the com-
munication be read. I propose to make no
remarks upon it. It is a matter of justice
that it should be read, that we should hear
both sides in this case.
Mr. HAMLIN. On condition that we then
vote on the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine couples with that the condition that the
Senate shall then vote on the pending resolu-
tion and amendment. Is there objection to
that proposition? The Chair hears none.
Mr. COLE. Does that displace the unan-
imous consent given last night, or interfere
with it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not. It
is simply to allow the reading of the paper to
be concluded, and then to vote without any
further debate on the resolution and amend-
ment. The Chair hears no objection, and the
Secretary will resume the reading. .
Mr. WARNER. I should like to know who
signs the paper.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall give the signature
in full.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to have it
before it is read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading of the paper at the
point where the reading was arrested at the
expiration of the morning hour.
The Chief Clerk resumed and concluded the
reading of the paper.
Mr. MORTON. Is that sworn to by any-
body?
Mr. BAYARD. No, sir; the letter is not
under oath; but if is the official report of the
gentleman deputed forthispurposeby the Gov-
ernor of Alabama to inquire into this alleged
outrage, so that punishment might be awarded
to the guilty parties.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now let us vote.
Mr. BAYARD. I said I would not discuss
it, and I shall not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The quesjjpn is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, to add that the proceedings of the
committee shall be public.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggested an amend-
ment awhile ago, to meet any possible objec-
tion, that the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate
be instructed to provide a sufficient force to
maintain order at the meetings of the com-
mittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California modifies his amendment so as to
require the Sergeant-at-Arms to provide asuf-
ficient force to preserve order at the meetings
of the committee.
Mr. FOWLER. I suggest that it had better
be changed, and the Sergeant-at-Arms put on
the committee. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not subject
to debate under the order of the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the Senator from
California will withdraw that portion of his
amendment, because I think we entirely under-
stand that here there is law, and we have no
more need to be afraid of violence in Washing-
ton than they have in North Carolina.
Mr. CASSERLY. I withdraw that part of
the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
California, that the proceedings of the commit-
tee shall be public.
Mr. SHERMAN. That has never been done
in the history of the Government.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 49 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Cusserly, Davis,
Hamilton of Maryland. Johnstoh, McCrecry, Mil-
ler. Ssnlsbury, Stockton. Thurman, and Vickeis—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Buckingham, Cattoll,Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragm, kdmunds, denton,
Flanagan, Gilbert. Hamilton of Texa«, Hamlin,
Harris. Howard, Howe, Howell, Kellogg, Lewis,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn. Patterson,
Pomeroy. Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Eiee, Rob-
ertson, Ross, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer,
Stearns, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Warner, W illiams,
Wilson, and Yates—19.
ABSENT —Messrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Ferry,
Fowler, Harlan, Hill, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Schurz, Sprague, Sumner. Trumbull, and Willey—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
message fttom tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the following bills and joint
resolution:
A bill (H. R. No. 689) for the relief of Hall
& Cozzen, and John Naylor & Co.
A bill (H. R. No. 1478) to provide for cele-
brating the hundredth anniversary of Amer-
ican independence, by holding an interna-
tional exhibition of arts, manufactures, and
products of the soil and mine, in the city of
Philadelphia and State of Pennsylvania, in
the year 1876; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 488) to enable
owners to obtain duplicates of lost evidence of
indebtment against the United States.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 469) granting
the Chicago and Illinois Railroad Company the
right to build a bridge across the Wabash river,
and declaring the same a post road, with an
amendment, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 1582) authorizing
terms of the United States district court to be
held at Helena, Arkansas, with an amendment,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 1340) for the relief of Alger-
non S. Cadwallader, late collector of internal
revenue and disbursing agent fifth district of
Pennsylvania;
A bill (S. No. 887) for the relief of Rebecca
J. Shepherd, of Philadelphia; and
A bill (S. No. 325) amendatory of an act
entitled "An act to further provide for giving
effect to the various grants of public lands to
the State of Nevada," approved June 8, 1868.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint resolu-
tion, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 3071) for the relief of
Logan H. Roots, late collector of internal
revenue for the first district of Arkansas; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 521) repealing
duty on coal.
wabash rivell bridge.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the amendment of the Senate
to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 469) grant-
ing the Chicago and Illinois Railroad Company
the right to build a bridge across the Wabash
river, and declaring the same a post road.
The amendment was to insert m the title ot
the joint resolution the word " Southern
after ''Illinois."
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate con-
cur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
COURTS IN ARKANSAS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 1582) authorizing terms
of the United States district court to be held
at Helena, Arkansas*
