1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1205
Committee ou Foreign Relations. The bill
which 1 wish taken up is the most important
of any, perhaps, pending in the Senate, and
behind it are pressing other very important
appropriation bills. I cannot do less than ask
the Seriate to vote on my motion.
,Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, my vote
may be somewhat controlled by the answer
to a question which 1 desire to propose to the
Senator from Kentucky. I listened to the
remarks of the Senator from Kentucky, and I
wish to ask him if he expects that such a
committee as he proposes to refer this bill to
would be able to report at this session ?
Mr. DAVIS. I presume they would not;
and I think it would be very desirable that
they should not. 1 think they ought to take
ample time for that examination.
Mr. HAMLIN. I concur with the Senator
in that. I only wanted to know his object.
Mr. SAWY-ER. I trust that the motion of
the Senator from California will prevail. It
is well known to the Senate that only one or
two very trifling appropriation bills have passed
the Senate ; and if we are going to pass them
at all we ought to begin, ior there is a large
amount of work to do yet. There are three
appropriation bills which have been reported
to the Senate; the consideration of two of them
has begun, and they certainly ought to be fin-
ished before the consideration of the private
claims alluded to by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. POMEUOY. I think that in order to
facilitate the public business when a commit-
tee has assigned to it a day we ought to give
it. that day, or part of the day, at any rate;
because unless the committee has that day it
wants the next, and that disarranges all other
assignments. I think the Senator from Massa-
chusetts ought to have this day or a portion
of it; and ii the bill under consideration is to
be laid aside at all the Senator from Massa-
chusetts ought to have the rest of the day.
- Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations that he
allow the Committee ou Foreign Relations to
have, at any rate, from now till four o'clock,
aud we shall then have a couple of hours of
the day left. In the mean time they can have
some of their hills disposed of.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 trust the motion of the
Senator fioin Massachusetts, the chairman of
the Committee ou Foreign Relations, will be
agreed to. There is a little hill in which my
constituents feel much interest reported from
that committee, and I have come here to-day
on that account, with great pain to myself,
being not at all well, and have waited all day
hoping that bill would come up. I therefore
urge the Senate to agree to the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts. I think some-
thing is due to that committee. 1 should be
vety giad to have the bill to which 1 allude
disposed of; and some geutlemen have inti-
mated a wish that I ask the Senate to allow
me to bring it up by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I hope there will bo no
objection to that being done.
Several Senators. What is it?
Mr. CAMERON. It is a bill to fix theplaoe
for the centennial anniversary of the Declara-
tion of Independence.
Mr. NYE. Jt will lead to discussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate is the Mexican steam-
ship bill, and it cannot be displaced exeept by
a vote of the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the. Senate will
come to a vote on that bill anc^determine what
shall be its policy hereafter on,all like bills.
Mr. KELLOGG. I appeal to my friend
from Culiiorhia to give way lor a few minutes
longer. I am satisfied that the, steamship bill
will lead to no further discussion: Let me say
to the Senate that 1 would rather they would
give me the bill with all the amendments pro-
posed than sutler anything to delay and inter-
rupt its passage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, to postpone this bill and all other orders
for the purpose of taking up the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bills.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 ask ray friend from Cal-
ifornia to. withdraw that for a few minutes.
Mr. COLE. It would probably be an econ-
omy of time to allow a vote to be taken on
that bill now, if it can be taken ; but if there
is going to be further debate I can see that it
will result in a waste of time.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California withdraw his motion?
Mr. COLE. For the moment, with the priv-
ilege of renewing it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis,] to refer the bill to a select
commitiee composed as indicated hy him.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. 1 wish to say a few
words on this bill, or on the subject of com-
merce.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senator from Con-
necticut to yield to me no w to make my motion.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Very well, sir; but
I will occupy only five minutes.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill I have named.
Mr. KELLOGG. The Senator from Con-
necticut only asks leave "to speak for live min-
utes ; he does not ask more.
Mr. COLE. That will lead to many other
statements, in all probability.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 hope not.
Mr. TRUMBULL and others. Let us hear
him five minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California persist in the motion?
Mr. COLE. The Senator was so courteous
as to allow me to make the motion, and of
course 1 cannot decline to yield to his appeal
for five minutes.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, I feel
a great interest in commerce. I should like
to see American commerce revived. How it
is to be done I hardly know. And yet I see
some objections, which, to my mind, are very
serious, especially in regard to the proposition
made by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis.] The Senator from New York [Mr.
Fextox] presented a remonstrance, or some-
thing m the nature of a lemonstrance, from
men who claim, as a matter of right, the priv-
ilege of goiug abroad and buying ships at the
lowest cost aud bringing them heie free of
duty. I deny that any set of men have a right
to enter into such a trade, because such a
trade would affect seriously the interests of
the American people. If you allow jour citi-
zens to buy ail your ships abroad you will
close every ship-yard iu this country; and
when you shall have closed every ship yard
here, when you shall cease to bnild your ships,
when you shall go abroad for ships and for
repairs, if you shall have any difficulty witti a
foreign nation you will be dependent upon
foreign ship-yards for a navy and tor all that
is necessary to supply your commerce, f claim
that in doing that you yield the independence
of this country to a foreign Power; you come
short of securing those very measures which
are essential for the preservation of our Gov-
ernment, and for that reason I claim that we
should adopt some other measure than buying
free ships where men can buy them cheapest.
I do not like the idea of maintaining our
commerce by subsidies. It is a tax upon the
community, it is a burden upon the industry
of the country to support a particular class ;
but how is that to be avoided? I hardly know ;
and yet I do believe that there will be wisdom
enough in Congress, within a reasonable time,
to adopt some measure which will meet the
publie necessity. 1 think we can do this, at
least; at any rate it is worth considering:
adopt some measure by which any man and
every man and every company who shall build
a ship in this country may have a drawback
equal to the duties upon the articles which
enter into the construction of that ship. In
addition to that, when you shall have thrown
the trade open to our people, when our ship-
yards shall be open and industry be revived
there, then it appears to me yen may open the
door still wider and say to the Postmaster
General, ''contract with every man or every
company who have built ships in this country
for the transportation of the mail to any foreign
port; and when you make the eontiact give
them all the sea postages which ihey can secure
by the establishment of any line regulatly ;
and if the payment of the sea postages is uot
sufficient give them the inland postages." It
appears to me that some such measure as this
may yet be devised, by which American com
mcrce can be revived without going into this
system of subsidies or opening the door ior
tree ships from abroad.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of ihe Senator Irom
Kentucky, to refer this bill to a select commit-
tee, composed in the manner he has btated
and with the instructions he has proposed.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
question is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] which will
be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is in
line eight of section three, to stntie out the
words "prorata amount ot the" and insert
'' reasonable;" so as to read :
That the Postmaster General be, and is hereby,
authorized to pay to the wiLhin contract parties a
leasonabie cuuipeusation loi thciiiat eignteeii cal-
endar munths, &o.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING Ol-FICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the motion ot the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,] to strikeout
the proviso. • -
Mr. CHANDLER. Since the amendments
have been made to that [ roviso I do not insist
upon the motion to strike out. I was opposed
to running these old hulks, as my friend from
Iowa properly styled them, under the pay of
the Government. The object ol this bill is to
increase commerce. I desne to have ships
of a size and capacity for carrying a large
quantity of lreiglu. 1 do uot object to tne
clause as now amended. I move, however,
in section four, line four, alter the words
"one hundred." to strike out "and fiity;"
and then to strike out ail alter the words "per
atirum," in the same line.
Mr. POMBROV, How will it read then?
Mr. CHANDLER. It will then read:
That thesaid contract shall be for a period of tea
years, and shah n«t involve upon the pait of ihe
Government of the United St,ties au expenditure
exceeding $100,OOU per annual, &c.
It will be noticed that the $150,OOd was, by
the parties who drew this bill, provided to be
paid so long as, they ran these old hulks, and
then they are to do the service lor S 100,000
after they get the iron ships.
Mr. KELLOGG. That has been amended.
Mr. CHANDLER. I understand that, aud
it is rigiit now; but I want to make the sum
$100,000 as the ultimate amount. They must
have the ships in eighteen months, and they
propose in their own proposition to run ior
$100,000 a year alter the first five years. I
propose to make it $100,000 altogether. I
understood the Senator from Louisiana to say
that the Mexican Government were paying to
a line $2,000 a trip, and they run clear to Sew
Yoi k.
Mr. KELLOGG. It is not sufficient.
Mr. CHANDLER. This gives S100.000 a
year, which is about lorty-two bundled dollars
a trip, and it is their own proposition alter
they get the iron ships built.
Mr. KELLOGG. I should much prefer to
have the $lo0,000 retained to secure the object
beyond a doubt; but 1 leave it to the Senate.
