1818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
\
The amendment was to add at the end of the
first section of the Senate amendment, being
section five of the bill, the following words:
. And the present district judge of the said State
shall be and remain the district judge of the United
States for the eastern district thereof as if originally
appointed thereto.
Mr. BICE. ' I move that the Senate concur
in the House amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
then reserve it until he can present it when
there is no other business before the Senate.
Mr. BAYAED subsequently withdrew his
objection, and the House amendment was con-
curred in.
amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. POMEROY, Mr. SPENCER, Mr.
THAYER, Mr. BROWNLOW, Mr. WIL-
LIAMS, Mr. FOWLER, Mr. SAWYER, Mr.
SCHURZ, Mr. BUCKINGHAM, Mr. HAM-
LIN, Mr. NYE, and Mr. CRAGIN submitted
amendments intended to be proposed by them
to the bill (H. R. No. 3064) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1872, and
for other purposes; which were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. FENTON submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. E. No.
3036) making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain public
works on rivers and harbors, and for other pur-
poses; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE and Mr. CRAGIN submitted
amendments intended to be proposed to the
bill (H. R. No. 2995) making appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
years ending June 30, 1870, and June 30,1871,
and for former years, and for other purposes ;
which were referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the resolution
of the Senate suspending the sixteenth and
seventeenth joint rules of the two Houses for
the residue of the session.
The message-also announced that the House
insisted on its amendments to the bill (S. No.
647) to incorporate the Texas Pacific Railroad
Company and to aid in the construction of its
road, and for other purposes, agreed to the
conference asked by the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. William E. Wheeler of
New York, Mr. Jobs A. Logan of Illinois,
and Mr. William C. Sherrod of Alabama,
managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2579) making
appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department for the year ending June
30, 1872, asked a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Fernando C. Beaman of Mich-
igan, Mr. John F. Farnswoeth of Illinois,
and Mr. Oliver J. Dickey of Pennsylvania,
managers at the same on its part.
post office appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 2579) making ap-
Eropriations for the service of the Post Office
department for the year ending June 30, 1872,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. COLE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Cole, Mr. Ramsey, and Mr. Sherman.
army appropriation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 2816) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the unani-
mous understanding agreed to by the Senate
last night, the Senate is to vote at the pres-
ent time upon the amendment of the Senator
from Arkansas [Mr. McDonald] and upon the
amendments thereto without debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the Senate
now to give us a vote on the bill which was
taken up last evening, to divide the State of
Ohio into three judicial districts. All that I
ask is a vote by yeas and nays upon it. It will
only take the time necessary in calling the roll.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio asks the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to resume the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 2320) to divide the State of Ohio into
three judicial districts, and for other purposes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us go on with the
regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects. The Army appropriation bill
is "before the Senate; aud the pending question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas, [Mr.McDonald.] Bythe
unanimous order of the Senate last evening
debate is not in order on these propositions,
but amendments may be offered.
Mr. HOWARD". I ask that the amendment
be first reported, and then the amendment to
the amendment,
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
McDonald, which was to insert as an addi-
tional section of the bill the following :
Sec. —. That the provisions of the act of July 4,
1864, entitled "An act to limit the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims," &e., are hereby extended to
tho loyal citizens of Arkansas, Louisiana, Missis-
sippi. Alabama. Florida, South Carolina, North
Carolina, Georgia, Texas, and Virginia; andalllaws
or paj s of laws making a discrimination between
loyal claimants because of residence are hereby
repealed.
The amendment of Mr. Sherman to the
amendment was to strike out the following
words:
And all laws or parts of laws making a discrimin-
ation between loyal claimants because of residence
are hereby repealed.
Mr. HOWE. Is it in order to amend that
amendment ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. HOWE. Is it in order to perfect the
paragraph proposed to be stricken out?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator propose to amend the part proposed to
be stricken out by the Senator from Ohio 1
Mr. HOWE. That is what I rose for.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that by the usage of the Senate amend-
ments of that kind have been received for the
purpose of perfecting the part proposed to be
stricken ont.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to strike out the word
"laws" where it appears in the paragraph
and insert the word "acts," so as to read
"all acts or parts of acts."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That would not be within
the rule. It is a motion to strike out a part
of the matter proposed to be stricken out by
the other motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to perfect
the part proposed to be stricken out. Is there
objection to the amendment suggested by the
Senator from Wisconsin, to change the word
"laws" to "acts?"
Mr. POMEROY. Let the clause be read as
it will read with that change, so that we may
see what the difference is.
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed
the clause will read:
_ And all acts or parts of acts making a discrimina-
tion between loyal claimants because of residence
are hereby repealed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that there is no objection to this modi-
fication, and the clause will be so modified.
The question now recurs on the motion of the
Senator from Ohio, to strike out the clause as
modified.
Mr. FOWLER. Let it be now reported.
The Chief Clerk read the clause proposed to
be stricken out as follows:
And all acts or parts of acts making a discrimina-
tion between loyal claimants because of residence
are hereby repealed.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
Mr. WARNER. Is there an amendment
pending to that amendment ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is an amend-
ment to an amendment.
Mr. WARNER. I wish to suggest an amend-
ment which will be satisfactory to the friends
of this proposition, and which will perhaps be
agreed to by unanimous consent, as it will
meet the objections on the other side ; and that
is, in the sixth and seventh lines of the section
to strike out the words "all laws and parts of
laws making," and to insert in lieu of those
words the words "such parts of said act as
make;" so that if amended as I suggest the
clause will read :
And such parts of said act as make a discrimina-
tion between loyal claimants because of residence
are hereby repealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would very greatly
improve the amendment as it stands.
Mr. WARNER. Then the section would
simply refer to the act of July 4, 1864.
Mr. McDONALD. I have no objection to
that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection, the Senator from Arkansas accepts
this as a modification of his amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
section read as it will read if amended in that
way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sena-
tor from Alabama repeat the exact words of
his amendment.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not know whether I
shall agree to it or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT.'The Senator from
Tennessee reserves the right to object to tho
amendment.
Mr. WARNER. I will read the section as
it will stand if amended as I propose :
That the provisions of the act of July 4,1864, enti-
tled "An act to limit the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims," &c., are hereby extended to the loyal citi-
zens of Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama,
Florida, South Carolina, N.orth Carolina, Georgia,
Texas, and Virginia; and such parts of said act as
make a discrimination between loyal claimants be-
cause of residence are hereby repealed.
The whole effect of this last clause, then,
will be simply to make it clear beyond dispute
that the provisions of the act of July 4, 1864,
are to be applicable to loyal men in the south-
ern States. It does not repeal any other law.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest to the Senate
that that does not relieve all the difficulty in
the case. There are two acts, as I understand
it, one limiting the jurisdiction of the Court
of Claims and the other limiting the right to
prefer claims for quartermaster and commis-
sary stores to the Quartermaster General and
the Commissary General. There are two sep-
arate act3, each of which limits the right to
loyal citizens living in the North.
Mr. FOWLER. I shall object to the change
proposed by the Senator from Alabama.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Tennessee objects to the amendment. If the
Senator from Ohio withdraws the motion to
strikeout, the Senator from Arkansas will have
the right under the rule to accept this modifi-
cation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will withdraw my amend-
ment at present to allow that modification to
be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Arkansas now accepts the modification pro-
posed by the Senator from Alabama.
