1206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
Mr. CHANDLER. I think $100,000 is a
very liberal allowance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is 011 the amendment now moved by the Sen-
ator from Michigan, which will in effect leave
the compensation at $100,000 per annum.
■ The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the close of the
third section:
And, provided further* That this-act shall not be
construed so as to permit the parties herein named
to engage in the coastwise trade, but they are ex-
pressly prohibited from carrying or transporting any
and every description of merchandise from one Uni-
ted States port to aay other port in the United States.
Mr. President, the bill as it stands authorizes
the payment of a subsidy, and the company
may pursue the coastwise trade, the domestic
trade. In doing that other companies cannot
enter into fair competition with them. Other
companies are now" engaged in that trade. If
this bill is not amended and this company shall
pursue its business in accordance with the
provisions of the bill, it will have an undue
advantage over those companies which are now
engaged in that trade, and the tendency will
be to break down and destroy instead of build-
ing up our American commerce.
Mr. KELLOGG. I suggest to the Senator
that the Senator from Texas [Mr. Flanagan]
desires to amend the bill by inserting "Gal-
veston;" so that the bill will read, "fromNew
Orleans to Galveston, thence to Tampico, Vera
Cruz," &c. I ask if the honorable Senator will
except the port of Galveston?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I say this Govern-
ment should not pay a subsidy for domestic
trade.
Mr. KELLOGG. That is not intended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Connecticut to the substitute of the com-
mittee.
The amendment % the amendment was
rejected, there being, on a division—ayes 15,
noes 25.
Mr. WARNER. The names of the corpor-
ators in the first section of the substitute, on
page 3, were stricken out on the motion of the
Senator from Vermont. I now move the amend-
ment, a little modified, which I sought to offer
some time ago, to insert in the ninth line of
the first section the words "such American
citizens as may offer to perform the service
herein contemplated, on terms most advan-
tageous to the Governmentso that the sec-
tion will read:
That the Postmaster General be, and is hereby,
authorized and directed to contract with such Amer-
ican citizens as may offer to perform the service
herein contemplated, on terms most advantageous
to the Government, for the conveyance of the mails
ii'uiu and to the United States, &o.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not the least objec-
tion to confining this service to American citi-
zens ; but I do think, and I suppose my friend
from Alabama will think, because I have a
high respect for his fairness and patriotism,
that it is fit among American citizens that the
Government should avail itself of the services
of those citizens who will perform the greatest
amount of service for the smallest compensa-
tion. Therefore I submit to him whether he
ought not to frame his amendment in such a
way as to provide as wehave done in the China
case, which is the last one we have had, and
to which I have called the attention of the
Senate, that these American citizens shall
compete; that is to say, that the Postmaster
General shall advertise for proposals from
American citizens for carrying these mails at
the lowest compensation for which any of them
are willing to bid, and that he shall award the
contract to the lowest responsible bidder. I •
submit to my friend, in all candor, if that is
not right, as we did with the China mail bill.
Therefore I was about to propose an amend-
ment to perfect the bill according to the sense
of the Senate upon striking out these names,
so as to provide that the Postmaster General
is authorized to advertise for proposals from
American citizens and to contract with the
lowest responsible bidder therefor—only au-
thorizing American citizens to bid, my friend
will understand—for the conveyance of the
mails, &c. I submit to him that that is the true
and the best way to do it. We ought, among
American citizens, to take those who are will-
ing to perform the greatest amount of service
for the Government for the smallest com-
pensation. I think every gentleman will be
obliged to assent to that; and then we shall
bring this bill into perfect harmony with the
China bill and with the Brazil bill.
Mr. POMEROY. When the China bill, as
it is called, was before the Senate, this same
amendment was moved to it and adopted. I
said then that there was only one company
that could bid, but I had no objection to leav-
ing it open to everybody, and there was only
one company that did bid. The Pacific Mail
Steamship Company took that contract, and
they were the only parties who could take it.
We might just as well have legislated it into
their hands in the beginning, because it was
perfectly well known when that bill was before
the Senate that no other parties were in a
condition to bid or had vessels that could
do the service. I have no objection at all to
this amendment. I voted to strike out these
names with a view of leaving it with the Post-
master General to contract with any responsi-
ble parties that he could get to perform the
service.
Mr. WARNER. I supposed that the amend-
ment proposed by me accomplished substan-
tially and practically the purpose which the
Senator from Vermont himself desires. He
will notice that the wording of the amend-
ment requires that , the Postmaster General
shall contract with the parties who may offer
to do the service on terms most advanta-
geous to the Government. That leaves the
responsibility with the Postmaster General
to decide what terms are most advantageous
to the Government. I can imagine consider-
ations other than the mere price in money for
work to be performed; but taking into account
the whole matter, it is left with the Postmaster
General, and he is authorized and directed to
make the contract with such American citizens
as may make an offer most advantageous to
the Government. Now, I understand that this
bill is a bill for the encouragement of Amer-
ican commerce, to promote commerce and
trade between the ports of Mexico and our
own country, indirectly to aid American ship-
building and to provide additional mail facil-
ities. I think it has these merits. If it has
not these, it has not any. It certainly can be
no worthy design in a bill like this merely to
put a fat contract into the hands of any indi-
viduals. I think my amendment substantially
accomplishes the purpose desired, and I can-
not think that under it the Postmaster Gen-
eral would undertake to refuse the offer of one
party and accept the offer of another less
advantageous to the Government upon any
grounds whatever. I think it would be safe
for the Government, under this provision, and
that it would practically secure the end sought
to be accomplished by the Senator from Ver-
mont. It was in that spirit that I offered the
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I appeal to my
friend from Alabama to take the method I
have suggested to him, rather than the pre-
cise phraseology he has moved, because he
is an educated and a learned man, and he must
know perfectly well the value in legislation, if
you mean the same thing, of saying the same
thing that you have said before. Now we
have a series of statutes providing for this
kind of service and this kind of subsidy, and
in_that series of statutes the method of accom-
plishing it by securing to American citizens
the exclusive right to bid has always been to
authorize and require the Postmaster General,
or whatever Department hr.s been invested
with the authority to enter into it, to advertise
to all the American citizens for proposals, and
to require him to give the contract to the
lowest responsible citizen who should bid.
Now, then, if my friend is serious, as I have
not the least doubt he is, in accomplishing
this very purpose, ought we not to say, as we
have said hitherto, that the Postmaster General
shall advertise, and he shall call upon all
American citizens to bid for this service, and
that he shall give this service to the lowest
responsible bidder among American citizens?
I have just as high a respect for the present
Postmaster General as my friend from Alabama
has. He has been my colleague in this Cham-
ber, and I admire and respect him personally.
But, sir, the accidents of life are numerous.
We do not know whether this particular gen-
tleman will carry out this contract, will call
for these proposals, will make this decision.
And if we did, it is a rule in government which
applies everywhere, that the forms and secur-
ities of the law are not to be varied on account
of the respect we may have for particular
persons; so that it seems to me eminently
proper, eminently necessary, that we should
say, as we have said in prior acts, that this
service shall be performed by that American
citizen who will perform it for the lowest com-
pensation upon an open competition among all
American citizens.
Therefore I suggest to my friend from Ala-
bama that it is much better, for his own pur-
pose and in every point of view, to adopt the
usual methods of legislation in this respect,
instead of importing into the statute new and
unusual ones, and so to provide that there
shall be an advertisement for proposals, and
that, upon the proposals being received, the
lowest responsible bidder, being an American
citizen, shall have the contract to do this ser-
vice. So I hope my friend from Alabama will
withdraw his amendment and allow this pro-
vision to be perfected in precise conformity
with what we have done hitherto.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to have a
vote of the Senate upon the amendment I have
offered, in order that we may accomplish at
least that much, fearing that we might not be
able to accomplish all that my friend from
Vermont desires.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we can without
difficulty.
Mr. WARNER. But I will say that if he
will offer an amendment of the kind he pro-
poses after my amendment shall have been
acted upon it will meet with my concurrence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will offer it instantly
if you will withdraw your amendment.
Mr. WARNER. I hope this that amend-
ment, which seems to me eminently proper and
which guards the public interest carefully, leav-
ing the matter to the Postmaster General,
whom we all believe to be, as I certainly do,
an honorable man, will be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator ironi
Alabama.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I should like to
have that clause read just as it stands, and then
I will try to propose an amendment which will
bring the Senate to a vote on the question of
whether they want to have everybody compete
among American citizens or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the section as it now stands.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That the Postmaster General be. End is hereby, au-
thori'/ea and directed to contract with such Ameri-
can citizens as may otler to perlorm the service herein
contemplated, on terms most advantageous to the
Government, for the conveyance of the mails, &e.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Novv after the word
"advantageous-' I move to insert the words
"and least expensive."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
