1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1819
Mr. "WARNER. I hope the Senate will
indulge me while I answer the question of the
Senator from Indiana.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind Senators that by the unanimous order
of the Senate debate on these propositions is
exhausted, and the Senate is to vote on the
propositions; but the enforcement of that
order is a matter depending upon Senators
themselves.
Mr. WARNER. I only wish to state a fact.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment now-
having been modified, I am perfectly willing
to let the vote be taken upon it. There is to •
be no further debate, I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not by
the order of the Senate; but the Senate hav-
ing reserved the right to themselves to carry
out these unanimous understandings, the de-
bate can be continued all this day in spite of
the unanimous consent given last night, if Sen-
ators choose to do so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
offer the amendment of which I gave notice
last night, and to which I think there will be
no objection whatever. It is to insert after the
words "loyal citizens," in the fourth line, the
words "and who remained loyal during the
late war."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas having modified his amendment and
the Senator from Ohio having withdrawn the
amendment to the amendment, the Senator
from Vermont now moves to amend the pend-
ing amendment by inserting after the words
"loyal citizens" the words "and who re-
mained loyal during the late war so that the
amendment will read:
That the provisions of the act of July 4,1864, enti-
tled "An act to limit the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims," &c., are hereby extended to the loyal citi-
zens, and who remained loyal during the late war,
of Arkansas, &c.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. All are loyal
now, but of course this refers to those who
were loyal at that time.
Mr. HILL. I should object to that amend-
ment. There were men who became loyal as
late as 1863 and 1864 who were disloyal at one
time.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to debate.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not wish to debate
the amendment, because that is contrary to
the understanding, but I wish to say one
word 
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Kansas objects to debate.
Mr. SAWYER. I am not going to debate
it. I want to majce 'one statement, and then I
am done. The statement is 
Mr. WILSON. I object.
Mr. SAWYER. The statement is that a
citizen of South Carolina cannot sue in the
Court of Claims to-day for any cause of action
that occurred during the war.
Mr. ABBOTT. I object to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts and the Senator from North
Carolina object to debate. It is a matter for
Senators to regulate upon their sense of honor
as to maintaining the unanimous understanding
they have agreed to. If that is complied with
the debate is exhausted, and the question recurs
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I call for
the yeas and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. WILLIAMS, (when Mr. Thurman's
name was callcd.) I wish to state that I am
paired with the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thur-
man] on this question. If he were present he
would vote against this amendment and I would
vote for it.
Mr. McDONALD. I desire to ask this
question: whether this amendment to the
amendment refers to persons who at the out-
break of the war occupied doubtful positions,
but who afterward became Union soldiers and
fought during the whole of the war?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The roll-call
cannot be interrupted. The Chair could not
give the floor to any Senator to answer the
question. The roll-call must be concluded.
The call of the roll having concluded, the
result was announced—yeas 48, nays 15: as
follows:
TEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Buckingham. Cattell, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harris, How-
ard, Howe, Howell,Kellogg,Lewis, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Robertson, Saw-
yer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stearns, Stewart,
Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, Wililey, Wilson,
and Yates—48.
NAYS —Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Davis,
Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill,
Johnston. MeCreery, McDonald, Miller, Saulsbury,
Stockton, and Vickers—15.
ABSENT — Messrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Ferry,
Harlan, Morrill of Maine, Itoss, Sehurz, Sprague,
Sumner, Thurman, and Williams—il.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas as amended.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting at the end of the
words just adopted on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Vermont the words " and who in no
way voluntarily gave aid or comfort to the
rebellion."
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am afraid that that
amendment would be much more extensive in
its operation than Senators suppose 
Mr. CONKLING. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If every person who
gave aid and comfort to or countenanced that
rebellion 
Mr. CONKLING. Is debate in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to remind the Senator from Delaware,
though reluctantly, that debate is exhausted
on these propositions by the agreement of last
night, made by unanimous consent. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment
offered by the Senator from New York.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, and Mr.
BAYARD called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. WARNER. Let the section be read as
it will stand if that amendment be made.
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed
the section will read:
That the provisions of the act of July 4, 1864,
entitled "An act to limit the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims," &c„ are hereby extended, to the
loyal citizens, and who remained loyal during the
late war, and who in no way voluntarily gave aid
and cctofort to the rebellion, of Arkansas, &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest, as a change
of phraseology, to strike out, the first "and."
Mr. CONKLING. Why strike it out?
Mr. WARNER. It seems to me that the
amendment is an unnecessary amplification.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate is not in
order. The yeas and nays have been ordered
on the amendment to the amendment.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am paired on this ques-
tion with the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thur-
man.] If he were present he would vote
against this amendment and ^ should vote
for it.
Mr. McDONALD. I desire to explain why
I do not vote on this proposition. My expe-
rience is that a great many men who at the
beginning of the war participated in the rebel-
lion somewhat afterward fought during the
whole war in the Union Army, and are now
among the best Union men we have got in the
country. Consequently, I cannot vote for this
proposition.
The result was announced—yeas 44, nays
15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames. Anthony, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Buckingham, Cattell, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton,
Flanagan. Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harris, Howard, Howe, Howell, Morrill of Ver-
mont. Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Revels, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Sehurz,
Scott, Spenoer, Stearns, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton,
Trumbull, Wilson, and Yat^r-44.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Davis,
Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Johnston, Me-
Creery, Miller, Saulsbury, Stockton, Vickers, War-
ner, and Willey—15.
ABSENT—-Messrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Ferry,
Harlan, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill ofMaine,
Patterson, Pool, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Thur-
man, and Williams—15.
So the amendment to the amendment was
" to.
Mr. HILL. I offer an amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from Arkansas, to
add to the clause the following proviso :
Provided, That the loyal citizens of the above-
named States shall have all the rights of loyal cit-
izens of the State of Tennessee under this or any
other legislation. ,
Mr. HILL. I intimated last evening that
there should be no discrimination at least be-
tween the people of Tennessee and the people
of the other southern States. If, as 
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will not
insist on debating it after the unanimous agree-
ment to vote on this subject without debate.
Mr. HILL. I do not wish to debate it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. That is to defeat and
neutralize the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CASSERLY. I appeal to the Senator
from New York as a question of order, that
if one gentleman objects to an amendment
another gentleman ought to -be allowed to
reply.
Mr. CONKLING. I will say to the Sen-
ator that when his own party friends will ob-
serve the agreement of the Senate I will. We
have had a good deal o f debate here this morn-
ing, and none of it has come from me.
Mr. CASSERLY. I make this point of
order, that a breach of order by one Senator
does not justify it by another.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it a general parliamentary rule. The Chair
has repeatedly stated to the Senate-that debate
is exhausted according to the unanimous
agreement of the Senate.
Mr. HILL. I beg to remark that I was not
the first to offer amendments.
Mr. CONKLING. The amendment is in
order, but debate is not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Geor-
gia to the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas.
The question being put, a division was
called for.
Mr. HILL. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am paired with the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thcrmah] on this
question. He would vote for the amendment
and I against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 29; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Davis, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland,
Harris. Hill, Johnston, Kellogg, McCreery, McDon-
ald, Miller, Pool, Rice. Robertson, Saulsbury, Saw-
yer, Spencer, Vickers, and Warner—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Edmunds, Fen ton, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Texas, Hamlin, Howard. Howell, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye. Osborn. Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels,
Ross, Sherman, Stearns, Thayer, and Yates—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell,
Ferry, Harlan. Howe, Lewis, Morrill of Maine. Mor-
ton, Patterson, Sehurz, Scott, Sprague, Stewart,
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
Willey, Williams, and Wilson—22.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. WARNER. I offer an amendment to
come in after the amendment adopted on the
motion of the Senator from New York, and as
debate is not allowed I want the attention of
the Senate, and especially of the Senator from
