1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ambler] to offer
an amendment.
Mr. AMBLER. I desire to offer to the third
section of the substitute an amendment, which,
I am authorized to say, has the assent of every
member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
now in the city. It was not presented at the
meeting of the committee, but I have since
seen the members individually.
The'amendment was to add to the third
section of the substitute the following:
Provided, That nothing in this resolution con-
tained shall be held, understood, or construed as
committing Congress to the policy of annexing the
territory of said republic of Dominica.
The question was upon the amendment to
the substitute.
Mr. ORTH. I now call the previous ques-
tion on the resolution and amendments.
The previous question was seconded on a
division—ayes 91, noes 51.
The question was upon ordering the main
question to be now put.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move that this whole
subject be laid upon the table ; and upon that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COX. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. And upon
.that motion I call for the yeas and nays. We
do this because no debate is allowed.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it be to meet on
Wednesday next.
Mr. WOOD. And on that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Ei,bridge; and being taken, it was decided
in the negative—yeas 41, nays 135, not voting
58 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Biggs, Bird, Bo wen, James
Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dickin-
son, Dox, Duke, Eldridge, Fox, Getz, Gibson, Ha.ight,
Haldeman, Ilamill, Holman, Kerr, Manning, Mar-
sli.il!, Mayham,McCormick, Morgan, Mungen, Nib-
lack, Reeves, Rice, Scliumaker, Sherrod, Swann,
Siveeney, Trimble, Van Auken, Vooihces, Eugene
M. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Aspcr, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks,
Barnum, Barry, Beaman, Beatty, Bcck, Benjamin,
Bennett, Bingham, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buck,
Buffinton, Burebard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick It. Butler, Churchill, William T. Clark,
AmasaCobb,Clinton L.Cobb,Coburn, Conger, Cook,
Cowles, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Nathan F. Dixon,
Donley, Duval, Earnswortb, Ferriss, Finkelnburg,
Fisher, Fitch, Garfield,Gillillan.Griswold,Hamilton,
Harris, Hawkins, Ilawley, Hay, Heflin, Hill, Hoar,
Hoge, Hooper, lngersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexan-
der II. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Ketch am, Knapp, Laflin, Lewis, Lough ridge. Lynch,
Maynard. McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew, McKenzie,
Mercur, Eliakim H.Moore, Jesse H.Moore, William
Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, O'Neill,
Ortb, Packard, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps,
Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Prosser,
Itainey, Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon. Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith,
Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson,Stokes, Stoughton,Strong.Tan-
ner. Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner,
TJpson, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wallace, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Whitmore, Willard,
Williams, Winans, WTitcher, and Wolf—135.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames. Benton.
Blair, Boles, Booker. Buckley, Cake, Cessna, Sidney
Clarke, Cleveland, Covode, Cullom, Darrall, Joseph
Dixon, Doekery, Dyer, Ela, Ferry, Hale, Ilamble-
ton. Hays, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Thomas L. Jones,
Knott, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, McKee, McNeely,
Milnes, Morey, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Neg-
ley, Newsham, Packer, Paine, Randall, Roots. San-
ford, Shober, Slocum, Wortbington C. Smith, Stiles,
Stone, S trader, Strickland, Sypher,Taffe, Van Trump,
Ward. William B. Washburn, Wells, Wilkinson,
John T. Wilson, and Woodward—58.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ORTH. I move to suspend the rules
to take from the Speaker's table, for considera-
tion at the present time, Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 262, authorizing the appointment of
commissioners in relation to the republic of
Dominica.
Mr. WOOD and others. The regular order.
The SPEAKER. The motion pending is a
motion to adjourn. Until that motion is dis-
of the Chair cannot recognize the gen-
tleman from Indiana to make the motion he
proposes.
Mr. ORTH. I give notice, then, that I shall
submit my motion as soon as the pending
motion is disposed of.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There is another priv-
ileged motion pending, which has precedence.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules would take away the precedence of
every motion except the motion to adjourn.
_ The yeas and nays were taken on the mo-
tion to adjourn ; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 42, nays 120, not voting 72; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Archer, Beck, Biggs, Bird,
James Brooks, Burr, Calkin. Conner, Cox, Dickin-
son, Dox, Duke, Eldridge, Fox, Getz, Ilaight, Halde-
man, Ilamill, Holman, Kerr, Lewis, Manning, Mar-
shall, Mayham, Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Reeves,
Rice, Sherrod, Slocum, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble,
Van Auken, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Eugene
M. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry,
Beaman, Beatty, Bennett, Bingham, Bowen,George
M. Brooks, Buck, Buffinton, Burehard. Benjamin F.
Butlor, Roderick 11. Butler, Churchill, William T.
Clark, AmasaCobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger,
Cowles, Dawes, Dickey, Nathan F. Dixon, Donley,
Ela, Farnsworth.Ferriss, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch,
Garfield, Gilflllan, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Haw-
ley, Hay, Heflin, Hoar, Hooper, lngersoll. Johnson,
Alexander II. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kelsey,Ketchaui, Knapn, Laflin, Loughridge, Lynch,
Maynard. MeCormiek.McCrary, McGrew, McKenzie,
Mercur, Jesse II. Moore, William Moore, Morphis,
Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Palmer, Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland,
Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Rainey, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon. Porter Sheldon, John A.
Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strong, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman. Townsend, Twich-
ell. Tyner, tlpson. Van llorn. Van Wyek, Wallace,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Whit-
more, Willard. Williams, John T. Wilson, Winans,
Witcher. and Wolf—120.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Axtell, Barnum,
Benjamin,Benton, Blair, Boles, Booker,Boyd, Buck-
ley, Burdett, Cake, Cessna, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland,
Cook. Covode, Crebs, Cullom, Darrall, Degener, Jo-
seph Dixon, Doekery, Duval, Dyer, Ferry, Gibson,
Grisivold, Ilale.IIainbleton, Hays,Hill,Hoge,Holmes,
Hotehkiss, Jenckcs, Thomas L. Jones, Knott, Lash,
Lawrence, Logan, McCarthy, MeKee, McNeely,
Milnes, Eliakim II. Moore, Morey, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Moirissey, Negley, Newsham, Paeker, Paine,
Prosser, Randall, Rogers, Hoots, Sanford, Sargent,
Schumaker, Shober, Worthington C. Smith, Stiles,
Stone. Strader, Strickland, Sypher, Taffe, Ward,Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Wilkinson, and Woodward—72.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ORTH. I now move to suspend the
rules, to take from the Speaker's table and put
on its passage Senate resolution No. 202.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of
order. My point is, that under the rules a
motion to suspend the rules cannot be made
while the previous question is operating. I
ask that the rule which I send to the desk be
read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not feel
called on to rule upon the point raised by the
gentleman, because he has not stated the exact
position of the question. The previous ques-
tion is not operating. The motion to adjourn,
and the motion that when the House adjourn
it be to meet on Wednesday next, prevented
the House from voting upon ordering the main
question.
Mr. HOLMAN. The previous question is
operating, however.
The SPEAKER. It is not operating as yet.
The House seconded the demand for the pre-
vious question, but pending the vote upon order-
ing the main question the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] moved that the House
adjourn, and the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eudridge] that when the House adjourns
it be to meet on Wednesday next. Both these
questions having been decided in the negative,
the Chair was about to put the question,
"Shall the main question be now put? " pend-
ing which motion the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Hox.man] interposed a motion to lay on
the table, which prevented the House from
acting on ordering the main question. This
must have prevented the occurrence of the
circumstances on which the gentleman might
have predicated his motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was not the* previous
question called and seconded ? • ; .
The SPEAKER. It was called, bat' only
seconded, and the ordering of the main ques-
tion has been suspended by the gentleman
himself.
Mr. HOLMAN. The previous question was
seconded ?
The SPEAKER. The call for the previous
question was seconded, but the main question
has not yet been ordered to be put. The point
of order, therefore, has not arisen, and the Chair
does not feel called upon to rule on it.
Mr. WOOD. Is it competent for the gen-
tleman from Indiana to make this motion, in-
asmuch as the House has ordered the yeas aud
nays on the motion to lay the whole proceed-
ing upon the table?
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is made under the rule.
Mr. WOOD. Is it competent, when the yeas
and nays have been ordered upon the motion,
to lay upon the table?
The SPEAKER. Itsuspends the operation
of that rule. The motion to suspend the rules
takes that away.
Mr. WOOD. Why did not that apply to the
vote we have just taken as well as to the one
now to be taken ?
The SPEAKER. Because the motion to
adjourn is specially excepted in the rule itself,
as the gentleman from New York will see by
referring to it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I de-
sire to make a suggestion to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Orth,] if I can have per-
mission to do so. There are a great many
members of the House who desire to have the
amendment offered, I think by the gentleman
from New York, incorporated in the resolu-
tion. I suggest, also, whether it would not
be as well to allow a little debate, so that th,e
gentlemen who desire to debate this resolution
may have an opportunity to do so. Will any
harm come of allowing some discussion of this
proposition ?
The SPEAKER. The motion which the
gentleman from Indiana has made is not de-
batable, and if there be any discussion it must
proceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not this the same
proposition?
Mr. KELSEY. Is the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ambler] included?
The SPEAKER. That is an amendment or
the substitute of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Orth,] from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, but this is the Senate resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But is not this precisely
the same proposition on which the House have
already acted, and on which they have refused
to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. Even if it were, does not
avail. That was to suspend the ruies to bring
before the House the Senate joint resolution,
but this is to take up and pass the resolution
of the Senate. Even if it were, does not avail.
Mr. COX. I renew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. WOOD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 44, nays 123, not voting
67; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Beck, Biggs, Bird,
Booker, Boyd, James Brooks, Burr, Conner, Cox.
Dickinson, Dox, Duke, Eldridge, Fitch, Fox, Getz,
Ilaight, Ilamill, lloliuan, Johnson, Lewis, Manning,
Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, Morgan, Muiigcn.
Niblack, Reeves, Rice, Sherrod, Slocum, Joseph S.
Smith, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Auken, Van
Irump, Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, and
W ood—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, As-
per, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnum,
Barry. Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin. Bennett. Bing-
ham, Bowen, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buffinton.
Burehard,Benjamin F. Butler,Roderick R. Butler,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Amasa Cobb, Clinton
L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook; Cowles, Dawes, Dege-
ner, Dickey, Nathan F. Dixon, Donley, Duval, Ela,
