1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
anything going on much longer byway of pre-
venting the consideration of the appropria-
tion bills ; and therefore any vote which I,
for one, give with him will be not intended
as a vote in the way of the convenience of
anybody else, but only a vote yielding to the
necessity of the case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to add one sug-
gestion to what has been so well stated by my
friend from New York; and that is, that the
Senate ought to remember that in the conflict
about business we are not engaged in a conflict
of personal interests, but we are all desirous
of subserving the public interest; and if Sen-
ators will think of it a single moment they must
know that the Committee on Appropriations,
in order to do its duty to the Senate, must be
able to lay before the Senate all the facts and
circumstances necessary to a proper decision
upon every item in an appropriation bill. In
order to do that it is impossible for us to have
all the bills brought in at once and together
and pass them at any time, as the Senator from
Tennessee says; but if we are to perform our
duty so that Senators can act intelligently upon
the facts we lay before them we must keep
these bills somewhat separated and consider
one at a time, so that we may be able, out of
the thousands of details, to inform the Senate
upon anything on which they desire inform-
ation touching the multitudinous items of
appropriation. Therefore it is pntirely wrong
to say that the appropriation bills will pass any
time and pass for the public interest. They
must be separated in time, so that the commit-
tee may have the intervening time to be able
to devote themselves to one bill at a time and
lay it before the Senate in a condition that it
can be understood.
Now, sir, as to a meeting to-niglit, I submit
to my friend from California that giving to the
Senator from Massachusetts what the Senate
have determined to give him, this day fairly
and fully, with the bills we have already gone
over, the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill and the Indian bill, which
are now before the Senate, we should not gain
much if anything by an evening session, because
all that remains of those bills are matters on
which there are differences of opinion, and my
friend knows that the Senate is scarcely ever
full in the evening. From the nature of things
just now, and without previous notice, it can-
not be, in a practical sense. Of course every-
body is supposed to be able to attend all the
time, but that, in point of fact, is not always
true. Therefore 1 think we should promote
the public service in this particular instance by
letting these two bills go over until to-tnorrow,
after what the Senate has decided, and then
take them -up immediately after the strictly
morning business is through, to the exclusion
of anything else; and stick to them until they
are done.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I appeal to my friend;
let us proceed.
Mr. COLE. I listeu to the Senator's appeal,
and I shall detain the Senate but one moment.
The vote that has already been taken, assign-
ing this day to the committee whose business
was set for this day, is a precedent for what
will occur during each subsequent day this
week for which special orders are made. The
Committee on Territories to morrow will claim
the day with as much propriety and with equal
force with the claim that is put forth by the
Committee on Foreign Relations to-day ; and
if the Senator from Vermont, my colleague
upon the Committee on Appropriations, can
see when we shall get the appropriation bills
in, unless we take to night to work upon them,
lie sees something that I cannot.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that if we
meet to-night we meet upon the business of
the Committee on Foreign Relations. It will
simplify matters if my friend from California
and my friend from Massachusetts would, while
they are discussing this matter between them-
selves, allow me to call up a resolution that
has taken a little time in the morning hour
heretofore. I think it can be taken up and
acted on now without much further debate;
and it will be a great convenience, indeed, to
the Printing Office to have it settled one way
or the other.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator knows that
I am for education and for his report abso-
lutely 
Mr. ANTHONY. I thought so; and that
was the reason I made the appeal.
Mr. SUMNER. But now I am for my bills.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from California insists on his motion, the
Chair will submit it to the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I want the Senator from
Massachusetts, and other Senators who feel
interested in the educational report, to under-
stand that I have done about all I can for it.
I have tried four or five days to get it up; and
if the printing is to be done at all, some of
them must come to my assistance.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope the suggestion of
the Senator from Rhode Island will be adopted.
We do not seem to be doing anything of any
earthly consequence otherwise than that; and
I thiuk we might as well do that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from California,
that at five o'clock the Senate take a recess
until half past, seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it proposed to return
here to-night again? I ask, what is the char-
acter of this motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a motion
of the Senator from California, to take a recess
from five o'clock to half past seven o'clock.
The Chair lias stated that this evening's ses-
sion, like the afternoon's session, would, un-
der the order of the Senate, be devoted to
reports of the Committee 011 Foreign Rela-
tions unless the Senate should postpone that
order.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I understand the
proposition is that we shall return here to-
night.
Mr. COLE. If the evening is not to be for
the benefit of the Committee on Appropria-
tions I shall not insist on the motion. That
was the whole object I had.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
withdrawn. Reports of the Committee on For-
eign Relations are now in order, and the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts will indicate the first
bill which he desires to call up.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Missouri
[Mr, Schurz] will call up the first bill.
Mr. SCHURZ. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 9U1.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless a divis-
ion is demanded, the bills will be regarded
as before the Senate as they are called up by
members of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. WARNER. I wish the Senator from
Massachusetts would yield to the Senator from
Rhode Island, and let us have a vote on print-
ing the report of the Commissioner of Educa-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. I am a very yielding per-
sou, the Senator knows ; but I must insist on
this business.
MARCUS OTTERBOURO.
The bill (S. No. 994) for the relief of Mar-
cus Otterbourg. late consul of the United
States at the city of Mexico, and minister to
the republic of Mexico, was read the second
time, aud considered as in Committee of the
Whole, it directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Marcus Otterbourg, late consul
of the United States at the city of Mexico,
and minister plenipotentiary to the republic
of Mexico, in full compensation for his ser-
vices as consul and minister, the salary of
consul to the city of Mexico, exercising diplo-
matic functions from April 8,1866, until June
20, 1867, both inclusive; and of minister to
Mexico from June 21 Until September 30,
1867, both inclusive; deducting therefrom the
salary of eonsul at the city ot' Mexico from
April 8, 1866, to September 30, 1867, and de-
ducting the sum of $85 80 awarded him by
the Court of Claims for exercising diplomatic
functions from August 19 until September 9,
1867.
Mr. SCHURZ. There is a report from the
Committee on Foreign Relations which can be
read.
Mr. SUMNER. 4s it necessary to have the
report read ? I think the case is stated in the
bill itself.
Mr. CONKLING. I think the report ought
to be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be read,
The Chief Clerk read the following report
submitted by Mr. Sumner, from the Committee
on Foreign Relations, June 18, 1870:
The Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom
was referred tbepetition of Mareus Otterbourg, have
had the same under consideration, and beg leave to
report as follows:
Mr. Marcus Otterbourg was appointed eonsul of
the United States at the city of Mexico in August,
1861. In July, I860, lie tendered his resignation,
assigning as a reason that his salary, by law fixed at
$1,000 per annum, was inadequate to permit him to
represent the country creditably. His resignation
was accepted by Mr. Hunter, acting Secretary of
State, with the request that he would continue to
bold the office until the arrival of a successor at his
post of duty.
Of subsequent facts of importance in this ease, Mr.
Seward, then Secretary 01 State, made the following
official statement, dated February 23,1869:
"Mr. Otterbourg returned to the United States.
In March, 1866, be went back to Mexico as consul,
and to take charge of the archives ot* the legation,
Mr. William II. Corwin, acting charge d'atfaires,
having been recalled. He reported himself as hav-
ing arrived at Mexico on the 8th day of April,
1866, and as being occupied in verifying the inven-
tory of archives and other property of the legation,
which was finally completed, and he put in charge
thereof by Mr. Corwm, in pursuance of the instruc-
tions of the State Department, on the 20th day of
the same month. He was thenceforward recognized
as a consular officer, performing, and authorized to
perform diplomatic functions, so far as such were
necessary and practicable ip the exceptional condi-
tion of Mexico, and of the relations of this Govern-
ment to the usurping Government of Prince Max-
imilian, in actual possession ot the capital, and to fcue
rightful Government of President Juarez, which
was generally remote therefrom, and migratory with
the vicissitudes of war.
"Mr. Otterbourg kept the Department informed
of the political situation in Mexico. His dispatches,
not concerning his commercial functions as consul,
but those of a political agent, were classified and
preserved among the diplomatic archives. In Octo-
ber, 1866, Mr. Otterbouig again returned to Wash-
ington, with the approval ot the Department, and
was directed to make a confidential report on the
situation in Mexico at that time. He was furnished
with a copy of the instructions to Lewis D. Camp-
bell, who had been appointed minister to Mexico,
with whom, on his return, he was directed to com-
municate.
"He proceeded to Mexico and made a report,
which he delivered to our minister on his arrival at
Vera Cruz. During the whole period, from April,
1866, to June 21,1867. during which Mr. Otterbourg
was consul, and in charge of the legation as afore-
said, there was not in that country any other officer
of the United States authorized to perform diplo-
matic functions therein, except, or otherwise, than
that Lewis D. Campbell, a duly commissioned min-
ister, was for a day or two upon its coast, or in tho
harbor of Vera Cruz, whence he returned with-
out proceeding to the interior, or putting himself in
communication with the Government of Mexico,
except when, in April, 1867, he addressed, from New
Orleans, a letter to the Mexican secretary for for-
eign affairs, requesting humane treatment fur Max-
imilian in case of his capture.
*' In response to interrogatories for the United
States: the United States had at no time a repre-
sentative accredited to the Government of Prince
Maximilian. iVe had no other minister appointed
to the Government of Mexico during the time for
which Mr. Otterbourg claims compensation, and
whoaccepted, or made any attempttoproceed upon
his minion, except Lewis D. Campbell, of whom 1
have before spoken, aud no one who, during that
period, presented his letters of credence. The ottre
for which Mr. Otterbourg claims salary was not
occupied by any other person. During the whole
period of the occupation of Mexico by Prmee Max-
imilian Congress made the usual annual appropria-
tion for a minister to Mexico, with no other varia-
tion than that in the act making .appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic eerviee. tor the year
ending JuneSU, 18(56. the words ' republic at Mex-
ico ' were substituted for Mexico, the same lan-
guage being repeated in subsequent acts. This Gov-
