'884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
S
Farnswortb," Ifemss, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Garfield,
UilBllan, Hale. Hamilton, HarrisJHawkms, Hawley,
IIax, Hoflin,Hill, flqge, Hooper, tngersoll, Jenckes,
Alexanders. Jones, Judd; Julian, lvelley, Kellogg,
Kelsey; Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lottghridge. Me-
Op ry. Mscflrew, MoKetmo. Merear, Jesse H.Moore,
William Mnore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers,
Nej;! ey, 0'Neil I, Orth, Packard, Palmer, Peck, Perce,
Peters,-Phelps, Piatt, Ppmeroy, Porter; Potter, Rai-
ney, Sargent, Sawyer, Seofield, Shanks, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Poster Sheldon, John A. Smith, William
J. Stmth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stougliton, Strong, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Town-
send, Twiehell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn. Van Wyek,
Wallace, Cadiyalader C.'Waskbum, Welker, Wheel-
er. Whitmore, Willard. Williams, JohnT. Wilson,
Winans, Wifceher, and Wolf—123.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Benton,
Blair.Boles,Buckley, Burdett, Cake, Calkin, Cessna,
Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Covode, Crebs, Cullom,
Darrall, Joseph Dixon, Daekery, Dyer, Ferry. Gib-
son, Griswold, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hays, Hoar,
Holmes, Hotchkiss, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott,
La,sh.Lawrence, Logan, Lynch. Maynard, McCarthy,
McKee, McNeely, Milnes, Eliakim II. Moore, Morey,
Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Newsham, Paeker,
Paine, Poland, prosser, Randall, Rogers, ltoots, San-
ford, Sehumaker, Shober, Wortliington C. Smith,
Stiles, Stone, Strader; Strickland, Sypher, Taffe,
Ward, William B.Washburn, Wilkinson, Winches-
ter, and Woodward—67.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
suspending the rules and passing the Senate
joint resolution authorizing the appointment
of commissioners in relation to the republic of
Dominica,
Mr. HOLMAN. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 113, nays 07, not voting 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Arnell, At-
wood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Beaman, Benja-
min, Bennett,Bingham, Bowen, George M.Brooks,
Buck, Bufiuitoii, Burehard, Burdett, Benjamin I'\
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Churchill. William T.
Clark, AmasaCobb, Cliuton L.Cobb, Coburn, Con-
or, Cook, Cowles.Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Nathan
Dixon, Donley, Duval, Pcrriss, Fisher, Oillillan,
Hale, Hamilton. Harris. Hawley, Hay, Heflin. Hill,
llose, Hooper, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones. Judd,
Kclley, ICcllogg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin,
Lawrence, Lough ridge. Lynch, Ma.v nurd, McCarthy,
McCrary. Mctfrew, McKenzie, Mercur, Jesse H.
Moore, William Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell,
Myers, Negley, O'Neill. Orth, Packard, Palmer, Peck,
Perce, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy,Porter,Prosser, 1 Ini-
ney, Sargent, Sawyer, Seofield, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Porter Sheldon, John A.Smith, William J. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stough-
ton, Strong, Tanner, Taylor. Tillman, Townsend,
Twiehell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wal-
lace, Cadwalader 0. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler,
Whitmore. Williams, JolmT. Wilson, Winans,and
Witchei—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Asper,
Axtell. Barnuin, Boatty, Beck, Biggs, Bird, Booker,
Boyd, James Brooks, Burr, Conner. Cox, Crebs, Dick-
inson, Dox. Duke, ISla, Bldridge, l'arnsworth, Fink-
el nburg, Pitch, Pox, Getz, Gibson, Griswold, Haight,
Haldeman, Hamill, Hawkins, Hoar, Holinan, John-
son, Kerr, Lewis. Manning, Marshall, Mayham,
McCormick, Morgan, Mungen, Niblaek, Peters,
Potter, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sehumaker, Shanks,
Sherrod, Siocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stone, Svvann,
Sweeney, Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Voor-
hees, \Vells, Willard, EugeneM. Wilson, Winchester,
and Wood—67.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Benton, Blair,
Boles, Buckley, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, SidneyClarke,
Cleveland, Covode, Cullom, Darrall, Joseph Dixon,
Dockery, Dyer, Perry, Garfield, Hambleton, Hays,
Holmes, Hotchkiss, lngersoll, Thomas L. Jones,
Julian, Knott, Lash, Logan, McKee, McNeely,
Milnes. Eliakim 11. Moore, Morey, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Morrissey, Newsham, Packer, Paine, Phelps,
Randall, Ro.ots. Sanford, Shober, Worthington C.
Smith, Stiles, Strader, Striokland, Sypher, Taifo,
Ward, William B. Washburn. Wilkinson, Wolf, and
Woodward—54.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. PACKER. On this question I am
paired with my colleague, Mr. Stiles. If he
were here he would vote "no," and I would
vote "ay."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. _ Mr. Hambleton, of
Maryland, is paired with Mr. Bccklby, of
Alabama. If he were here he would" vote
"no" on this proposition.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr. ORTH find Mr. COX rose.
Mr. COX. I rise to a privileged question.
Since we cannot get debate, I move that the
House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That would be a priv-
ileged question if the gentleman from New-
York was on the floor.
Mr. COX. I thought I had the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Orth] is recognized by the Chair.
Mr. ORTH. I desire to make a statement
to the House, and I hope that gentlemen on
both sides will give me their attention for a
moment. . If the gentlemen on the other side
of the House desire time for debate 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object. Debate is not
in order.
Mr. ORTH. I rise to move to suspend the
rules, to take from the Speaker's table, for
action, the Senate joint resolution No. 262.
And in this connection I desire to say——
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, is debate in order?
Mr. ORTH. I desire to state that I am
willing to admit the amendment of the gentle-
man irom Ohip, [Mr. Ambler,] and that if
gentlemen on the other side of the House wish
time for debate I will agree, the House sus-
taining me, to give fpr that purpose till two
o'clock to morrow. I ask unanimous consent
to this proposition.
Mr. DAWES. I dislike very much to inter-
fere with iny friend from Indiana in this mat-
ter, which is one of great public concern, but I
desire to call his attention to the fact that the
Government will be in a sorry plight if the
appropriation bills are not immediately put
upon their passage.
Mr. COX. I object to debate.
Mr. DAWES. And for that reason I can-
not give the consent which the gentleman from
Indiana asks.
The SPEAKER. The question as to the
length of the debate which might be allowed
would be in the control of the gentleman from
Indiana. It would be for him to state the time
when he would call the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. Is the gentleman from Indi-
ana the only gentleman who can call the pre-
vious question under the rules ?
The SPEAKER. Not the only gentleman ;
but he would be recognized as the gentleman
who had the prior right to do it.
Mr. DAWES. Yes, the prior right; and no
one will interfere with the gentleman as to that
point. But suppose the gentleman agreed not
to press his right?
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Indi-
ana has a right to speak one hour in opening
the debate and one hour in closing it, and
there will not be much more than two hours
left within the period indicated.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman if he proposes to postpone the
appropriation bills, not one of which has been
considered at all in this House, till the last
moment? I am ready to vote with him every
time to dispatch the business of this House,
but I am not willing to have the important
appropriation bills crowded into the last hour
of the session.
Mr. COX. Then why did not the gentle-
man from Massachusetts oppose the bringing
in of this measure here? If he wants the
appropriation bills passed, why did he not
oppose this measure? This measure itself is
an intervention in the business of the coun-
try.
Mr. DAWES. When I am found opposing
any measure for the dispatch of business then
the gentleman from New York may raise his
voice.
Mr. ORTH. I now renew my motion that
the rules be suspended, and that the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 202) authorizing the appoint-
ment of commissioners in relation to the repub-
lic of Dominica be taken from the Speaker's
table for consideration; and I state at the same
time that if the House takes up the Senate
resolution I will yield to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ambler] to offer his amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not that the same motion
which my colleague made in the first instance?
The SPEAKER. Precisely.
Mr. HOLMAN. Can he make it again on
the same day?
The SPEAKER. He can make it as often
as the Chair gives.him the floor to make it.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is a bad rule.
Mr. COX. Yes, a very bad rule.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 122, nays 60, not voting 52; a3 follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bennett, Bingham, George M.
Brooks, Buck, Bulilinton, Burehard, Burdett, Benja-
min P. Butler, Roderick lt.Butler, Churchill. Wil-
liam T. Clark,Amasa Cobb. Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn,
Conger, Conk, Cowles, Dawes. Degener, Dickey,
Nathan P. Dixon, Donley, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss.
Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale, Hamilton,
Harris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Heilin, Hill, Hoge.
Hooper, lngersoll, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones,
.Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsev, Ketcham.
Knapp, Laflin, Lawrence, Loughridae, Lynch, May-
nard, McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew, McKenzie, Mer-
cur, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Morphis, Dan-
iel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Palmer, Peck, Perce, Phelps. Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy.
Porter, Prosser, Rainey, Sargent, Sawyer, Seofield,
Shanks, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J.
Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strong, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Town-
send, Twiehell,Tyner. Upson, VanHorn, Van Wyck,
Wallace, Cadwalader C.Washburn,Welker, Wheeler.
Whitmore, Williams, John T. Wilson, Winans,
Witchor, and Wolf—122.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnum, Beatty,
Beck, Biggs, Bird, Booker, Boyd, James Brooks,
Burr, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox, Duke,
Eldridgc, Finkelnburg, Fox, Getz, Gibson, Griswold,
llaight, Ilaldeman, Ilamill,Hoar, Holman, Johnson,
Kerr, Lewis, Manning, Marshall, Mayham, McCor-
mick, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack. Peters,
Potter, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sehumaker, Sherrod,
Siocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stone, Swarm, Sweeney,
Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells,
Willard, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, and
Wood—60.
NOT VOTING-Messrs. Amos, Axtell. Benton,
Blair, Boles, Bowen, Buckley, Cake, Calkin, Cessna,
Sidney Clarke, Clevoland, Covode, Cullom, Darrall,
Joseph Dixon. Dockery, Duval, Dyer, Ferry, Ham-
bleton, Hays, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Thomas L. Jones,
Knott, Lash, Logan, McKee, McNeely, Milues,
Eliakim II. Moore, Morey, Samuel P. Morrill,
Newsham, Packer, Paine, Randall, Roots, S-tnford,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Shober, Worthington C. Smith,
Stiles, Strader,Strickland, Sypher, Taffc, Ward, Wil-
liam B. Washburn. Wilkinson, and Woodward—52.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended.
During the roll-call
Mr. ARCHER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Hambleton, was paired with Mr. Buckley, of
Alabama, and that if he were present he would
have voted "no."
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. ORTH. I now yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Ambler,] for the purpose of
offering an amendment to the third section of
the resolution.
Mr. AMBLER. I move to add to the third
section of the resolution the following:
Provided, That nothing in these resolutions con-
tained shall be held, understood* or construed as
committing Congress to the policy of annexing the
territory of said republio of Dominica.
I desire to demand the previous question on
that amendment.
Mr. ORTH. I will state to my colleague
on the committee that I propose to call the
previous question on the resolution and the
amendment. Before doing so, however, I will
renew my proposition to the other side of the
House—and I hope this side of the House will
concur with me—that if they desire to debate
this proposition the hour of two o'clock to-
morrow shall be named for the purpose of
taking the final vote.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I am very sure
that the action of this side of the House has not
been influenced by any desire to defeat proper
legislation by the House of Representatives.
But we have been compelled, in view of the
course of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Orth,] to show a proper resentment, not only
of the attempt to cut off debate, but also of
what we conceive to be a want of proper courtesy
toward the minority of the members of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, in not allowing
them to offer any amendments to this proposi-
