"1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
385'
tion. All we desire is to show to this House
and to the country, if we can, that this resolu-
tion should not pass. We know that we are
in a minority here, and are too feeble to pre-
vent any proposed action of this House when-
ever it may assume a partisan character.
Mr. ORTH. I make the proposition, and
desire to hear from the other side of the House
whether it will be accepted.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will say that, so far as I am concerned
personally, I have no desire to interpose any
further objection. We do desire discussion,
and I hope to have an opportunity to state to
the House my objections to this measure.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Orth] to make the time one
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. ORTH. I cannot do it.
Mr. DAWES. Then I object to the pro-
posed arrangement.
Mr. DICKEY. So do I.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I wish to say, as a
member of this House representing a district
of the State of Ohio, that I object to any such
arrangement.
Mr. ORTH. Then I move that the rules be
suspended, and the order made by this House
that the vote upon this question shall be taken
to-morrow at two o'clock p. m.
Mi. DAWES. I hope that the House will
decide to take the vote at one o'clock to-mor-
row, or even to-night.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the rules will not
be suspended.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Ortii] whether
his motion is intended to cut off all further
amendment?
Mr. ORTH. Certainly; that is my object.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then it should be so
sfc&t p (3
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana can accomplish that purpose by making
the motion to refer this resolution and pend-
ing amendment to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, which motion can be withdrawn before
the vote is taken.
Mr. ORTH. I make that motion ; and also
move that the rules be suspended, and the order
made that the vote on this subject shall be taken
at two o'clock to-morrow.
The question being taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, upon a division there were—
ayes 101, noes 38.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. VAN TRUMP called for the yeas and
nays.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays; and upon a division there were—
ayes 21, noes 114; not one fifth voting in the
affirmative.
Before theresultof that vote wasannounced,
Mr. VAN TRUMP called for tellers upon
ordering the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers; and there were twenty in the affirmative;
not one fifth of a quorum.
Tellers were refused ; and the yeas and nays
were refused.
The rules were accordingly suspended, (two
thirds voting in the affirmative,) and the order
made.
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. WOOD. I desire to say 
Mr. ORTH. Does the gentleman desire the
floor?
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Orth] having occupied the floor all day,
1 would like to know if any one else is to be
recognized as entitled to it.
Mr. ORTH. My friend from New York
[Mr. Wood] has had his share of the time of
the House to-day. I rise now for the purpose
of saying to this House that, so far as I am
personally concerned, I have no desire to de-
bate the proposition now pending. I have
understood all this day that our friends on the
41st Coxu. 3d Sess.—No. 25.
other side of this House have regarded my
efforts as an attempt to prevent discussion.
Still it has been seen by you, Mr. Speaker,
and by this House, that when the offer was
made to the other side to allow time for debate
a very large number of them opposed it.
Now, so far as I am concerned personally,
I am anxious to have that side of the House
debate this proposition. I am anxious to see
if those who glory in the name of Democrats,
whose past record, whatever bright and glo-
rious there is in it, is identified with the ques-
tion of the annexation of territory to this great
Republic, if those who represent that political
organization in this House, when an opportun-
ity is offered to this Republic to acquire one
of the brightest spots on the face of God's
earth, to acquire it honorably, to acquire it
without incumbrance, to acquire it with the
common consent of the parties interested, I
desire to see if they are willing to go back upon
their past record and array themselves in hos-
tility to this legislation.
I shall now yield the floor to such gentlemen
as may desire to be heard upon this question,
stating at the same lime that, as the House
has fixed two o'clock to-morrow as the hour
for taking the vote, I shall endeavor to obtain
the floor at half past one o'clock for the pur-
pose of replying, should I see proper to do so,
to any arguments that may have been submitted
against this measure.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. 1 should not suppose it necessary to
raise the point at this time but for a ruling of
the Chair this morning. The gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Ortii,] after relinquishing the
floor at this time, says that he shall claim the
right to an hour on another occasion to close
the debate on this proposition. I insist that
he will not be entitled to the floor at that time,
for the reason that this bill is not presented in
such a manner as to give him the right to open
and close the debate. The bill now before the
House is a Senate bill, and no member has the
right to open and close the debate, as is the
case with a bill reported in this House.
The SPEAKER. Nevertheless, ifthe Chair
should recognize the gentleman from Indiana
he would be entitled to the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Perhaps he would be on
the floor whether the Chair recognized him or
not.
Mr. ORTII. I yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Negley.]
AbLBGIIAKY AllSKXAL
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for consideration at this time a
bill to cause the removal of machinery, arms,
and stores now at the Alleghany arsenal, in
the city of Pittsburg, and to sell the remain-
ing property and appurtenances to the muni-
cipal authorities of the city of Pittsburg.
Mr. DAWES. I object.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of introducing and considering
the bill. 1 believe that I have occupied aff little
of the time of this House as any other gentle-
man on the floor.
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
under a suspension of the rules, and no other
motion to suspend can be entertained until this
question is finally disposed of.
Mr. DAWES. 1 would like to inquire
whether a motion to suspend the rules to go
into Committee of the Whole on the general
appropriation bill would now be in order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be happy
to recognize the gentleman for that purpose if
he had not been forbidden to do so by the two-
thirds vote of the House.
DEPARTMENTAL AND JUllIOIAL SALARIES.
Mr. ORTH. I yield to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bixgham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for reference a bill to fix the sal-
aries of the heads of the Executive Depart-
ments and of the justices of the courts of the
United "States.
Mr. NEGLEY. I object.
REPUBLIC OF DOMINICA.
Mr. ORTH. I now yield the floor.
The SPEAKER. To whom?
Mr. ORTH. Unconditionally.
Mr. WOOD obtained the floor.
Mr. WINANS. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] yields to me that I may ask
unanimous consent to have a memorial printed.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the gentleman from New York must proceed
or surrender the floor.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I am very sure
that the history of the proposition to annex
Dominica to the United States will, when
truthfully and properly written, be one of the
most interesting connected with this country
from the foundation of the Government. I
shall not, within the limited time alloted to me
in this discussion, attempt even to refer to the
preceding events looking in this direction and
having this object or purpose. I am aware,
sir, that there is a portion of that history
which never can be written, because materials
for truthfully writing it cannot be obtained.
But with some familiarity with antecedent
events in reference to the annexation of and
incorporation of additional territory, I affirm
that there is no precedent which bears the
slightest analogy to this case; that there is no
instance in the history of our Government in
which the President of the United States has,
without authority of law, in the absence of
legislation, taken proceedings looking to the
annexation of territory. Nor is there in our
history any case where, after the failure of the
ratification of a treaty made by the President,
that officer has resorted to another method of
accomplishing the same object, in defiance and
over and above the treaty-making power.
Nor is there within ra^ recollection any in-
stance where a measure so important and involv-
ing such grave considerations has, with such
hot haste and indecorous intrepidity, been at-
tempted to be forced upon the legislative body
of the nation as characterizes the presen t prop-
osition. Without action of any_ committee in
the other branch of Congress, without any due
and proper consideration and discussion in this
branch, an attempt has been made here to-day
to rush these resolutions through, denying to
the minority on this floor, feeble though it be,
the poor privilege of protesting, and of under-
taking to show, at least to some extent, the
wrong, the injury, the outrage, the turpitude
of this proceeding.
Now, sir, what is the measure under con-
sideration ? What is the proposition presented
to us? Some gentlemen tell us that it is simply
a resolution of inquiry, and many honest men
in this House have been seduced into its sup-
port upon the ground that it is harmless, that
it is a resolution providing for the appointment
of a commission, whose sole and exclusive
power is to institute an investigation aud to
report to the President, who shall lay their
report before Congress. Upon the assump-
tion and under the erroneous conceit that that
is the scope and extent of the pending propo-
sition some honest men, opposed to the annex-
ation of Dominica, have been induced to-day
to give their votes in its favor. _
Mr. Speaker, that assumption is not in accord-
ance with the fact. There is in thisjointresolu-
tion other and graver matter to which I object,
aside from that of making an investigation into
those several matters which this commission are
required to act upon. The resolution itself,
directly in terms, in the conclusion of the first
section, declares that it shall be the duty oi
this commission to report such information as
will "seem desirable with'reference to the
future incorporation of Dominica^ into the
l United States as one-of its Territories.
