1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1211
to that office, and nobody else was in it, he
would hold it until the close of the next ses-
sion, and no accounting officer would hesitate
to pass his account for salary daring that time.
Mr. SUMNER. Excuse me, he was not
appointed during the recess ; he was appointed
June 21, 1867.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then he was appointed
in plain disregard and violation of the Consti-
tution and law, at a time when Mr. Johnson
was contesting with us.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator bear in
mind the facts? June 21, 1867, he was nom-
inated by the President minister plenipoten-
tiary to Mexico.
"The Senate adjourned on July 2L 1867, without
having confirmed the nomination of Mr.Otterbourg;
but he continued to discharge the duties of minis-
ter plenipotentiary until August 28, 1867, when he
received the notification of the lapseof his commis-
sion in consequence of the adjournment of the Sen-
ate as above."
That is the statement of the report.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I can state that there
are a dozen just such cases, where the Senator
from Massachusetts himself has resisted pay-
ment. There were cases where, in violation
not of the Constitution but of statute law, Mr.
McCulloch undertook to appoint men to office
who could not take the oath of office, and for
years those little, humble assistant assessors
were refused their pay because they could not
take the oath. If this gentleman was appointed
during the session of the Senate he was not
legally appointed; it was in violation of the
Constitution, in violation of our right to con-
firm him; and he is not entitled to pay. That
appointment was a usurpation which conferred
upon him no legal right, and he had no right
to assume dut^ under it.
Mr. SUMNER. I will not take any further
time with this matter. Let the bill be passed
over for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thoxt in the chair.) The bill will be passed
over.
george f. werborn.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that Senate joint res-
olution No. 130, be now taken up in order to
have it indefinitely postponed.
The Senate proceeded to consider the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 139) to enable the Court
of Claims to hear and determine the claim of
George F. Werborn, a subject of the king of
Prussia ; and it was postponed indefinitely.
brtdge at ojiaiia.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (II. R. No. 1227) authorizing
the construction of a bridge across the Mis-
souri river, disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives; and
On motion of Mr. THAYER, it was
llesoloed, Th.it tlie Senate insist upon its amend:
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
representatives, and aarec to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Thayer, Mr. PomeboTj and Mr. Harlan the
conferees on the part of the Senate.
george sydney clement.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask the Senate to
proceed with Senate bill No. 1225.
The bill (S. No. 1225) for the relief of George
Sydney Clement, a British subject, was read
a second time, &nd considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. The bill is a direction to the
Secretary of the Treasury t,o issue to George
Sydney Clement, of London, England, a new
six per cent. United States coupon bond of
$1,000, redeemable in 1882, with interest from
the 1st day of September, 1869, as soon as
proof shall be exhibited to the satisfaction of
the Secretary of the destruction of a bond of
the loan and value above mentioned. No. 2221,
series four, with the coupons thereto annexed,
for interest due on and from the 1st day of May,
1870. Clement is to give bond with sufficient
security to indemnify the United States against
any other claim on account of the bond and
coupons alleged to be destroyed.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there a report with
that bill?
Mr. SUMNER. There is.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to hear it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report
will be read.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. Sumner on the 19th of January,
1871, from, the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions :
The Committee on Foreign Relations, having had
under consideration certain papers referred to them
by the Secretary of State, concerning the applica-
tion of George Sydney Clement, a British subject,
for indemnity on account of a United States bond
destroyed by fire, beg leave to report:
On the 6th of May, 1870, the Department of State
transmitted to the Committee on Foreign Relations
a communication covering a note from the British
minister at Washington, who stated that application
had been made to him by Mr. George Sydney Clem-
ent. a British subject residing in London, with re-
gard to a certain five-twenty six per cent, coupon
bond of the United States, for $1,000, No. 2221, and
of the fourth series, under the act of February 25,
1S62, alleged to'have been destroyed by fire.
The minister requested the Secretary of State to
recommend to Congress such measures as would
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue a
new bond in the place of that so destroyed.
By direction of the committee the chairman wrote
to the minister stating the necessity of evidence
sufficient to prove the alleged loss by fire.
On the 5th of July the Secretary of State communi-
cated to the committee certain affidavits, properly
attested, which had been obtained in accordance
with the above suggestion, and which are in sub-
stance as follows:
Abraham Morse, of Bristol, England, deposes that
on the 12th January, 1869, he was the sole and bona
fideowner of a United States six percent, five-twenty
bond of the loan of February 25,1862, for $1,000,
No, 2221, and he believes of the fourth series, with
coupons for the interest to become due on and from
the 1st of May, 1869. That on the above 12th Jan-
uary he handed the bond to Henry Stevenson, of
Bristol, to be by him forwarded to George Sydney
Clement, esq., o3 Ttirogmortou street, London, a
stock broker, to be held by him as security for cer-
tain transactions.
Henry Stevenson, of Bristol, a stock broker,
deposes that he received the above bond, carefully
inclosed it in a letter, and addressed it to "G. S.
Clement, esq.,33 Throgmorton street, London,E. C."
He caused the letter to be registered and posted the
same day in Bristol.
The original post office receipt, stamped North
St., Bristol, Ja. 12, 70." and signed by the post-
master, for the letter directed as above, is presented
with the affidavit.
Mr. Stevenson testifies further that Mr. Clement
purchased a.five-twenty bond of'thcsaine valueas the
above-mentioned bdhd, near the 17th January, 1870,
for the above Mr. Morse, in lieu, as Mr. Clement
told him. of the bond Mr. Stevenson had mailed,
and which had been burned.
Concerning the destruction of the bond, Louisa
Standen, assistant housekeeper of Mr. Clement, de-
poses as follows:
On the 13th January, 1870, she received, at S3
Throgmorton street, London, from a postman, a
registered letter addressed to Mr. Clement, and
bearing the Bristol post mark. It was not conven-
ient for her at the moment to put the letter into Mr.
Clement's office, andshe placed it on a dust-pan and
went up-staiis to clean an office. When she came
down, totally forgetting that she had placed the
letter on the dust-pan, she threw the contents of the
pan into thefire, by which thelettarwas consumed.
Finally, Mr. Clement deposes that he has never
received the above letter or the bond contained
therein: and that he believes the letter contained
the bona described above, and that both letter and
bond were burned, as Louisa Standen deposes.
He says also that on or about the lfth day of
January, 1870, he purchased on behalf of Mr. Morse
another live-twenty bond of the same value, and in
lieu of the one destroyed, and was thereby subro-
gated to Mr. Morse's right to a new bond.
Under these circumstances, the committee report
a bill for Mr. Clement's relief.
Mr. COLE. I believe some claims of that
character have been before the Committee on
Claims, and I think that is the proper place
for them. I do not know why it is in the
hands of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. The cases relating to for-
eigners have been thus far considered in the
Committee on Foreign Relations. I shall be
very happy to be relieved of them, but they
come before the committee on the application
of foreign ministers to the Department of
State, which communicates them to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, where they have
been considered.
Mr. COLE. I remember that soMe claims,
even more meritorious than this, I am quite
certain, where the applicants were.better enti-
tled to relief than the applicant in this case,
have been considered in that committee, and
have been refused up to this time. I do not
think it is quite the fair thing to show par-
tiality in favor of persons who happened to be
Englishmen or Frenchmen, or any other for-
eigners, when we refuse claims of the same
character to our own citizens.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, we have
voted such relief to our own citizens, and this
is only putting the foreigner on an equality
with our own citizens.
Mr. COLE. Not on an equality, but giving
him altogether the preference. That is what
I complain of.
Mr. CONKLING. This is a very peculiar
case, it seems to me. Of course I have no
objection to it, except the one which arises
from the merits. It is the case of an alleged
loss of a coupon bond, not a registered bond.
In respect to coupon bonds, both Houses have
been very chary in all cases of alleged loss.
This loss is made out by a statement which
seems to me the most improbable of all the
statements to which I ever listened relating to
such a matter. As I understand, the claimant
named in this bill was to receive the bond for
somebody else, a Mr. Morse, and the supposi-
tion being that the bond was contained in a
registered letter post-marked "Bristol," some
person, named as an assistant housekeeper,
received this letter, which was never opened
or unsealed by her; she put it upon a dust-
pan, and thinks that, having gone elsewhere in
the house and been otherwise diverted, she
returned and empties the contents of the dust-
pan into the fire. Now, if it were minutely
and exactly stated, it seems to me this would
be a very strange narration of facts, to say the
least; but there is an uncertainty about it all
the way. I do not understand that it appears
anywhere that she knows that when, she emp-
tied the dust-pan into the fire it contained even
this registered letter; and whether the regis-
tered letter contained the bond is entirely a
matter of conjecture.
Now, speaking within my recollection—I will
not profess to be very confident about it—in
no case has authority ever been given to reissue
a coupon bond upon circumstances, anything
like as nebulous and cloudy as these are. I
know that it has been resisted sometimes when
the most positive proof was given. I remem-
ber a case where in summer time or in the
early autumn a bond was put for secretion in
a stove usually not used ; some guest arriving
unexpectedly, a member of the family ignorant
of this fact kindled a fire in the stove and the
bond was consumed. This was proved beyond
all question ; and yet I remember how much
objection such a bill in that case encountered,
and I am inclined to think that it was either
withdrawn or failed. I will not speak with
confidence about that; but I know that the
mode of treating these cases has been such as
to leave on my mind the impression that a
reissue is never authorized except in very
strong and unanswerable cases.
Then I might observe too that this claimant
comes in virtue of having been, as the report
says, subrogated to the rights of another man
for whom he appears to have been bailee in
some way. It is rather a remarkable subro-
gation to rights or tp wrongs or to grievances.
It seems to me that the case is not one that
commends itself to the attention of the Senate,
and I should think it had better go over.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to ask for
my own information of the Senator who has
just taken his seat, and who seems to be con-
versant with this" matter, whether there is not
some provision of general law now in respect
to the reissue of Government bonds whicli
have been lost? There is a bill referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary on that subject.
1 am under the impression that bonds have
been reissued, but 1 do not know under what
