1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1823
to morality, upon the Government of the
United States that any other treaties have;
and therefore I am myself opposed to receiv-
ing this report.
Mr. S AULSBURY. Mr. President, I have
listened, as I always listen, with pleasure to
the argument of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky. I never listen to any argument of
his on a question of law, whether it be con-
stitutional law or any other kind of law, but
what I am instructed. I wish, however, to
suggest to the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky that the argument he has made has
been made at too late a day. If that argument
had been made twelve or fifteen years ago
it would have been heeded, it would have had
weight in the Senate of the United States, and
such weight as to have influenced the action
of the body. It is sound ; it cannot in any par-
ticular be gainsaid; no man can controvert the
principle announced by the distinguished Sen-
ator from Kentucky. But, sir, that honorable
Senator has not kept up with the spirit of the
times. Somehow or other, my honorable and
distinguished friend still believes that there is
such a thing as the Constitution of the United
States ; he will still cling to the idea that the
Constitution of the United States is authority
in the Congress of the United States. I beg
the honorable Senator to banish now and for-
ever such an absurd notion from his mind I
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the honorable Senator
will agree with me that when %he party now
in power is dispossessed the principles of the
Constitution may be dug up again and restored
to their former supremacy.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then there shall be a
glorious resurrection, a resurrection unto life
and unto immortality ; then shall this corrupt-
ible put on ineorruption ; then shall this mor-
tal put on immortality ; but not until then.
While this party continues in power, while
every day you see that they pay no regard to
the solemn obligations of the Constitution, I
beg my distinguished friend from Kentucky
not to be arguing anything about the Constitu-
tion. Sir, it has no authority whatever. It
has had no authority here for the last ten years.
The children of the present day do not know
that we ever had a Constitution. The old men
have almost forgotten that we ever had a Con-
stitution. Somehow or other it still seems to
be in the mind of my friend from Kentucky,
and ever and anon he invokes the attention
of this body to the provisions of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, could the men who framed that Consti-
tution, those noble patriots, those men whom
God raised up to lay the foundations of civil
constitutional government and to establish civil
liberty throughout this land, now rise from the
dead and look at that thing which you call the
Constitution, with your commentary upon it,
they would not recognize it as an instrument
that they had anything to do with the forma-
tion of. No; they passed away from these
worldly scenes before this party of progress
came into power:
" They sleep their last sleep, they hare fought their
last battle;
No sound shall awake them to glory again."
It is left to their descendants to so mutilate
and so disfigure the work of their hands that
they would not be able to recognize it. It is
sometimes said by the pious that the great
Author of our being grants to those who have
fled from earthly scenes and gained blissful
abodes the privilege of looking down from
those blissful abodes and witnessing the trans-
actions of earth. Sir, this is consolatory; it is
pleasing; but if it was given to-day to the
spirits of those great men to look down from
the heavenly heights upon these legislative
Halls and witness the actions of the men now
filling the seats once filled by them, there
would be sorro\vin heaven ; even those happy
spirits would drop a tear over the degeneracy
of their sons.
I therefore, sir, appeal to my distinguished
friend from Kentucky for the brief period of
this session not to invoke the authority of the
instrument which you, sir, and your party daily
ignore, and for which you and your party have
no regard whatever. We who are getting old,
having venerated that instrument in our youth,
may perhaps, in the providence of God, be
allowed to live to the year 1872, when another
party, the party of the Constitution, the party
of civil liberty, the party of liberty regulated
by law, will come into power; and then no
man will listen more gladly to the tones of my
honorable friend than shall myself. Then we
can invoke the authority of the Constitution,
and then shall we be able to appeal to it as the
guide of our political action ; but until then let
us keep silence in regard to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the conference report.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to have
the item of the conference report in reference
to treaties read again.
The Chief Clerk read the clause referred to.
Mr. STOCKTON. This provision is sim-
ply that no tribe of Indians shall hereafter
be acknowledged as an independent tribe, and
treated with as such. Of cburse that is to
apply in the future after this law is passed.
Now, I agree entirely with the Senator from
Kentucky in what he said in reference to our
not having the right to take away from the
President of the United States the prerogative
which he has, with the consent of the Senate,
of making treaties with foreign nations ; but I
do not think we do that when we simply declare
that hereafter the Indians within our own bor-
ders, within our own limits, shall not be treated
with as foreigners. We know that these In-
dians are daily and constantly leaving their
nomadic life, that they are becoming merged
in many places with our own citizens; we know
that they desire, in many instances, themselves
that this process-shall continue. We know,
Mr. President, that the treaties made with the
Indians for years and years past contain such
clauses, such statements, such propositions as
made them no treaties and denied the fact that
we were dealing with a foreign nation. For
example, when we agree to furnish a black-
smith at some little town, to make shoes for
their horses, or to furnish them with lances,
or weapons, or to send them blankets and all
the little items that fill up an Indian appro-
priation bill, are those items furnished to a
nation that we acknowledge to be independent ?
No, sir. If I understand the subject—and I
speak with the greatest possible deference to
my learned and distinguished friend from Ken-
tucky—we never have acknowledged their in-
dependence in any other way than by making
treaties with them.
Mr. DAVIS. I suggest to my honorable
friend from New Jersey that he read the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court on the subject of the
validity of these treaties.
Mr. STOCKTON. I think the conference
committee have been somewhat unfortunate in
making themselves understood by the Senate.
I do not deny the validity of any Indian treaty,
and am perfectly familiar with the decisions;
but I do claim that the Congress of the United
States has the right to say whether we shall
make treaties with Indian tribes as independ-
ent nations or not; whether it is wise to do so.
Mr. DAYIS. Does the honorable Senator
say that the Congress of the United States has
a right to prescribe to the President whether
he shall make treaties with foreign nations or
not?
Mr. STOCKTON. I have said that the
Congress of the United States has not that
power ; that that clause of the Constitution is
plain ; but if the Senator will have a little
patience I think he will be able to understand
my position.
Mr. DAYIS. The Supreme Court have put
the matter of treaties between the Govern-
ment of the United States and foreign nations
and between the United States and the Indian
tribes on precisely the same basis.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have no doubt about
that; and when the President of the United
States undertakes to make treaties with the
Indians Congress cannot interfere with his
doing it, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate. The question whether the
nomadic tribes roving within the limits of the
United_ States are in fact each an independ-
ent nation, and whether we shall treat them
as such, is a question entirely aside from the
treaty-making power given to the President
in the Constitution. The question is, are they
foreign nations? I insist that Congress has
a perfect right to declare whether these tribes
are independent nations in its view, for the
purpose of making treaties with them or not.
Suppose this case: suppose that a~tribe comes
forward, desiripg to throw off their tribal con-
dition ; desiring to be admitted into the Union
as a Territory of the United States, and we
accept them in that way. Surely, then, they
are no longer an independent nation. We can
allow them to be a Territory of the United
States, and if we can do that, we can dcclare
what is our view in reference to their status.
The view taken by the other side would pre-
vent any contract with Indians, except by way
of treaty; fastens us down as a constitu-
tional question to always treat them under all
circumstances, even when feeding and cloth-
ing them, as independent nations who can
only be contracted with by treaty.
Mr. DAVIS. The President can do that,
but Congress cannot.
Mr. STOCKTON. On that point I differ
from the Senator. I rose merely for the pur-
pose of saying that in my humble opinion,
while the propositions of constitutional law
laid down by the Senator from Kentucky are
perfectly right and proper, the report of the
conference committee in no way interferes
with or infringes those propositions. I insist
upon it there was no necessity for us to have
this outcry from these two sentinels on the
watch-tower of the Constitution. I believe
there are many Senators here who are watch-
ing as carefully the Constitution and guarding
it as earnestly as the two gentlemen who have
just spoken.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish the honorable Senator
would bring to that task as much purpose as
other Senators do.
Mr. STOCKTON. I am probably the best
judge in my own case.
Mr. DAVIS. I am the best judge in my
ease, too, and of my action; and I intend to
judge in it. I intend to rule myself by my
own judgment, and not to submit it to the
judgment or discretion of the honorable Sen-
ator from New Jersey.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have not the slightest
wish to interfere with the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. DAVIS. Why, then, criticise the Sen-
ator from Kentucky and another Senator as
being sentinels on the watch-tower of the Con-
stitution ?
Mr. STOCKTON. I think I have made
myself plain to the Senate. I thought, also,
that I was paying a high compliment to both
those Senators. I said they were among the
first always to cry out when they believed the
Constitution to be attacked. If on this occa-
sion I agreed with them that the Constitu-
tion was attacked, that danger was impending,
I would be as quick to spring to my feet as
they were; but in my view of the report of the
conference committee, it does not interfere, as
they supposed it did, with the constitutional
provision in regard to the treaty-making power
of the President.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to add one wora
to what has been said. „I agree_ with the Sen-
ator from Kentucky that treaties made with
the Indian tribes are the law of the land, and
