1212
GLOBE.
February 14,
provision of law it has been done. In fact I
am not positive that it lias been done, but I
have some idea thatithas'been; perhaps there
■were special acts for it. What I desire to know
of any one who is able to inform me is whether
there is any general law on this subject.
Mr. CONKLING. As far as I am concerned
1 know df none relating to coupon bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will lay this bill aside. It goes
fa,r beyorid all the precedents. . The holding
of "coupon bond's is dangerdus, and the public
ought to be aware of it by this time. They
are, and, the result is that they are rapidly
being converted, as the holders have a right
to convert them, into registered bonds, and
then there is no trouble. There is no law
" authorizing the substitution of new coupon
bonds for those alleged to be lost or destroyed.
There are a few cases that have had the sanc-
tion of Congress where duplicate bonds have
been issued, and then only where the proof
was positive and clear, and there was no pos-
sibility of doubt as to the loss or destruction.
The same proof is required of the loss of a
coupon bond that is required as to the loss of
a note; it must be identified by its number,
series, the whole description of it must be
given ; otherwise, with $2,000,000,000 of debt
of this kind, the number of claims that would
arise would be so multitudinous as to swamp
us completely.
Mr. THOHMAN. Is there any law that
allows the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
duplicates?
Mr. SHERMAN. None at all; and no such
law ought ever to be passed in regard to cou-
pon bonds. In regard to registered bonds
there are some general principles of law which
apply. The Finance Committee reported this
morning a bill, which I intend to call up in a
day or two, to authorize duplicates of checks
drawn by disbursing officers in favor of pen-
sioners and payable to order to be supplied;
and we require in those cases where little bits
of drafts are lost payable to the pensioner's
order ten times the proof there is here, and
a bond arid many other things that are not
required in this case for a coupon thousand-
dollar bond.
Mr. SUMNER. Time is more valuable now
than anything else; but I would say that the
committee, on most careful consideration of
this ease, was satisfied that the loss was essen-
tially made out. The bill as reported is in
conformity with others reported by the com-
mittee. This is not the first. There are, I
think, two, if not three, that have already been
passed, substantially like this. The Senator,
therefore, is mistaken in supposing this is the
first case.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say that. I said,
on the contrary, that there had been several
cases. I reported one or two from the Com-
mittee on Finance myself; but in those cases
we required proof, first, of the absolute identity
of the bond, and then most conclusive and
positive proof of its utter destruction. Here
a servant girl swears that this was lost, and
scarcely that. The testimony is not sufficient
to prove the loss of an instrument on a trial so
as to authorize the party to produce secondary
proof.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will excuse
me. The evidence traces the letter containing
the bond substantially to the pan of the ser-
vant maid, and then she testifies that she threw
that into the fire. Besides, the bill provides
that, nothing shall be paid until the Secretary
of the Treasury shall be satisfied himself of
thi= loss ; so that if any evidence should be
discovered between the passage of the bill and
the application for payment it could be brought
forward.
Mr. SHERMAN. But in the other class of
cases to which I have referred I have the
statement of the Secretary of the Treasury
that_these matters ought not to be submitted
to him or any othsr officer, because he cannot
consider them, and the bond required in these
bills hks never been enforced in the history
of this Government though the parties have
sometimes been called upon to pay.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I have only
done my duty in bringing this matter forward.
It was presented to the Committee on Foreign
Relations by the Secretary of State on the
application of the British minister, and it
seemed to belong to international comity that
we should give it a hearing; and giving it that
hearing, we were satisfied that it was a proper
occasion for remedy. If there is a disposition
the other way, I shall not press it, for, as I have
already said, time is too valuable.
The VICE, PRESIDENT. The bill will bfe
returned 16 the Calendar.
NICHOLAS P. TRIST.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask the Senate to
proceed with Senate bill No. 1068, for the
relief of Nicholas P. Trist.
The bill (S. No. 1068) forthe relief of Nich-
olas P. Trist, negotiator of the treaty of Guad-
alupe Hidalgo, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides for the payment to Nicholas P. Trist,
the negotiator of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, of $13,762 40, being balance due on
account of, salary, outfit, and return allow-
ance, as commissioner to Mexico, from April
15, 1847, to April 8, 1848, with interest on this
sum from March 7, 1870, the date of present-
ment of his petition; and the further sum of
$797 SO, for contingent expenses incurred,
with interest thereon from April 8, 1848.
Mr. THURMAN. Is there a report in that
case ?
Mr. SUMNER. There is; but I hope we
shall not take time with it. The report con-
tains a letter from Mr. Benton, dated as late
as January 18, 1856, addressed to Mr. Trist,
in which he says:
" You ought to putforwardyourclaim to Congress
for full pay and outfit for the Mexican treaty. There
were many in the Senato ready to stand by you then,
and I believe you can get compensation yet."
Then follows another letter from Mr. Rev-
erdy Johnson, who was in the Senate at the
time, dated May 21, 1870, setting forth the
importance of the services of Mr. Trist, and
that he ought to have full pay as minister
plenipotentiary during the'tiine he was in the
public service in Mexico. The committee
made a very careful inquiry into all the facts—
I have the report in my hand—and they were
satisfied not only of the value of the services,
but that Mr. Trist had never received for them
any adequate compensation; that at this mo-
ment our country is to him a debtor, not only
for a great political service, but in the way of
salary. The committee, I think, were unan-
imous in the conclusion.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the chairman allow
me to ask liim whether or not Mr. Trist did
not receive all the compensation that was
promised him at the time he was appointed ?
Mr. SUMNER. He went off as a simple
agent and he received compensation as an
agent; but if the Senator desires it let the
report be read.
Mr. HOWE. Let it be read. The sum is
a large one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be read.
Mr. HILL. I hope that as the chairman of
the committee states briefly the contests of the
report the reading of it will be dispensed with.
We are bound to presume that he has given a
succinct statement of what the report contains,
and that is quite as satisfactory to me—I do
not know how it may be to other Senators—as
it would be to hear the report read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless some
Senator desires the reading of the report it
will not be read.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I have as much confidence in
the Committee on Foreign Relations as in any
other committee ; but I think it is not usual
for the Senate to vote a sum of this kind with-
out knowing the grounds on which it is voted.
The Senator from Massachusetts does not even
state the grounds upon which this ciaim is
reported here. He reads a couple of letters
from very respectable gentlemen, who said
that they believed that if this man would make
a claim Congress would grant it.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I will say that the
ground is the common ground in a court of
justice of a quantum, meruit. Here was a
service rendered, for which he never received
compensation, and it is proposed to give him
that compensation ; and I submit that if these
facts were presented before any jury they
would be obliged to give it.
Mr. HOWE. I understand, then, this is
on the ground of a quantum meruit; that is,
that the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo was
worth $13,000 and interest on it?
Mr. SUMNER. No; that he performed ser-
vices as a minister, in the course of which he
negotiated this very important treaty. That
is the ground, and he is paid compensation as
a minister.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts inform the Senate how long Mr.
Trist was engaged with this negotiation, and
how much money he got?
Mr. SUMNER. The report gives that, and
I have sent the report to the desk.
Mr. HOWE. Very well; let it be read.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the folio wing report,
made by Mr. Sumner, on the 14th of July,
1870, from the Committee orWForeign Rela-
tions :
The Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom
was referred the petition of Nicholas P. Trist, have
had the same under consideration, and now report:
The services of Mr. Trist constitute an interesting
chapter in the history of our country. As negotiator
of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo he exercised a
decisive influence in terminating the war with Mex-
ico, by which wo were secured in the blessings of
peace and in the possession also of an undisputul
title to Texas, and an addition to the national
domain equal in area to the present teriitoiy of
Mexico, and including in its expense the great*and
prosperous State of California.
Mr. Trist, while chief elerk of the State Depart-
ment, and in confidential relations with Mr. Buchan-
an, the Secretary of State, was selected as "com-
missioner to negotiate and conclude a settlement of
existing differences and a lasting treaty ci pe.ice"
with Mexico. On the 16th April, 1S4T he Jelt Wash-
ington and proceeded to the headquarters of the
Army of the United States in Mexico, where for
several months he labored anxiously to accomplish
the object of his important mission. Not until
November, 1847, was the first great point reached.
This wa* the appointment of a commission on the
part of the Mexican Government authorized to nego-
tiate.
Meanwhile at Washington there was a spirit
hostile to negotiation; Mexico was not sufticietuly
humiliated. In the rnidbt of his negotiation, when a
treaty of peace was almost within his grasp on the
16th INovember, 1847, Mr. Trist suddenly received a
letter of recall, with the order to leturn home by the
first safe opportunity. Alter careful deliberation
and with the sure conviction that it his ettorrs w,-ie
thus abruptly terminated the war would be much
prolonged, while the difficultiesofobtaining another
Mexican commission would be increased, he con-
cluded to proceed and do what he could tor the sake
of peace. The Mexicans to whom lie communicated
tho actual condiiion of affairs uuifed with him. and
tr®a*y was signed on the 2d February, 18-J8 at
(juadalupc Hidalgo. Mr. Trist remained in Mexico
until the 8th of April, 1848, in order to protect the
interests of the United States, and would h.ive re-
mained longer had not an order for his arrest, sent
irom Washington to our military authorities, com-
pelled him to leave.
It is understood that the President, on tho arrival
ot the treaty, proposed to suppress it; bu  unwilling
to encounter public opinion, which was favorable to
peace, he communicated it to the Senate, when, with
certain amendments, it was ratified by a vote of oS
yeas to 14 nays. And thus the war with Mexico was
olosed.
The commissioner who had taken such great re-
sponsibility reached Washington on his return in
June. I8ib, only to encounter the enmity of the
Administration then in power. His mission had
been crowned with success. but he was disgraced.
? vr ortvr °f -President Polk his pay was stopped
at November 16, 1847, so that the service as peace-
maker rendered after that date was left without
compensation as without honor. Mr. Trist tv:is proud
and sensitive." He determined to make no applica-
tion atthattimeforthecompeBsation he had earned,
