386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
This is the language of tlie resolution. Thus,
in advance of investigation, in advance of the
appointment of these commissioners, in ad-
vance of any action by Congress at all, this
commission is required by the law itself, if
it shall become a law, to report back again
such measures, such recommendations, such
information, as wi.ll excuse the annexation of
Douiiniea to the Government of the United
States. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, when any
gentlemen suppose that in voting for these res-
olutions they are voting simply for a proposi-
iion to inquire, I refer them to the concluding
paragraph of the first section, which declares
in advance the object and intent of the inquiry
and the character of the information which the
commissioners are to give.
Why, sir, it has been said that the report of
these commissioners is already drawn. It is
•well known that the steamer to bear them
from our shores has been ordered for that duty
for the last fortnight. It is well known that
even the berths are fitted up, that the wines
and the stores have been ordered, and that
they are only waiting for a telegraphic dispatch
from the capital to order that steamer to the
nearest accessible port to Washington city to
receive these commissioners and to take them
on their mission. Therefore, sir, while some
may imagine that we are commencing cle novo
to take action, and to create an authoiiiy em-
powering the President to do a certain thing,
we are, in my judgment, Mr. Speaker, but
doing that which has already been anticipated.
Not only in my judgment is this report already
drawn, but I believe that these commissioners
are already selected, and that they are in pos-
session of their instructions, so far as the Pres-
ident can orally give them.
But, sir. aside from these objections, I have
other grounds upon which I am opposed. By
the terms of the resolution there are forty dis-
tinct and separate topics to be investigated.
In pursuance of the duty imposed they will be
required to proceed to Dominica " and such
other places as in their judgment they may
deem proper,'' so that under this joint resolu-
tion they will have authority to go to such
places other than the republic of Dominica
as in their judgment it may be necessary to
visit. Why. sir, where cannot they go? They
may go to Hayti; they may go to Cuba; they
may go to Europe ; they may go to the East
Indies; they may go wherever in their judg-
ment they see proper to go, and under the
law they would be justified and authorized to
do so, and with an indefinite power to expend
the public money. But, sir, admitting that
they go simply to San Domingo, what are
they to do?
In the first place they are to inquire into
and report—
The political state and condition of the republic
ofDominieii.
Then tlfey are to report on—
The desire and disposition of the people of the
said republic to become annexed to and form part
of the people of the United States.
They are also to inquire into and report—
The physical, mental, and moral condition of the
said people, and ttieir general condition as to mate-
lial wealth and industrial capacity; tbc resources
of the country; its mineral and agricultural pro-
due's; the products of its waters and forests; the
geueial vbaiuctur ul the soil; the extent and pro-
pns-ihm th <ronf capable of cultivation; theclimate
and health of the country; its bays, harbors, and
rivers; iis general meteorological character, and the
existence and frequency of remarkable meteorolo-
gical phenomena; the debt of the Government and
its obligations, whether funded and ascertained, and
admitted, or unadjusted and under discussion; trea-
ties or engagements with other Powers; extent, of
boundaries and teiritory, &c.
Forty distinct and separate subjects of invest-
igation being enumerated, alt to be undertaken
by tin eo gentlemen who are to be back here in
four or live weeks, in time to make a report
for action by the present Congress, to bring in
Dominica by joint resolution, as recommended
by the President in his annual message.
£fow, sir, these men are to serve without
pay. Men who are competent and qualified by
learning, by study, by scientific attainments,
requiring abilities of the very first order, men
of long experience who arc to be intrusted
with this duty, if the duty is to be properly
performed, are to perform that duty without
pay. Well, sir, my apprehension is that men
of that character and class are not generally
supplied with any such quantity of this world's
goods that they can give up their time and their
talents and devote them to such an investiga-
tion without compensation ; and my knowledge
of human nature leads me to the presumption
and to the conclusion that if the Government
does not pay them, some one else will. We
rarely find in public life men who are willing
to sacrifice themselves, their time, and their
abilities, without some inducement, without
some compensation, either in money down or
in some other way, and I am therefore com-
pelled to the conclusion that the President of
the United States is to take men totally dis-
qualified, men unqualified and incompetent to
perform this task, some political speculators
whose political fortunes may be in a tottering
condition, as is the party which initiates this
proceeding. Certainly men of the capacity and
character required would not accept t!io duty
on the terms stipulated.
It cannot be supposed that proper informa-
tion can be obtained from the only source
left.. Honorable and capable men would not
consent to be used as instruments to accom-
plish the object in view, fot no one would ac-
cept the position for the mere honor of being
connected with a very dishonorable transac-
tion. Therefore, sir, I am opposed 10 this
resolution, because I believe that this duty
cannot be peformed intelligently and fairly by
the commission likely to be appointed.
I am opposed to it for another reason. These
commissioners are to be appointed by the Pres-
ident without the consent of the Senate. The
President is to have the exclusive power of
appointment. Well, noxv, sir, is the President
a disinterested party in this transaction? Has
the President shown by his conduct in this mat-
ter that he is sufficiently disinterested as to his
own conclusions that he is capable of selecting
men without bias and without prejudice? Can
we suppose that he will choose men who are
not of his own side? If we desire the inform-
ation asked for, and wish it intelligently and
fairly given, has the President shown him-
self to be the proper party to select the men
who are to be intrusted, with this investiga-
tion? I respectfully submit, Mr. Speaker,
without intending to impute any improper
motives to the President, whether it is not ex-
pecting too much of human nature, though
it be presidential, to expect him, impartially
and without prejudice, to discharge this duty.
I think it would be safer to give him only a
joint authority, and that the Senate should
have the power to reject or ratify the appoint-
ments.
I am opposed to the annexation of Domin-
ica by joint resolution, as proposed by the
President, because it is of doubtful constitu-
tionality. I doubt whether foreign soil can be
acquired except by treaty ratified by the Senate,
two-thirds vote of that body being required.
That is the language of the Constitution as to
treaties. The case of Texas, which has been
cited, has no analogy, because Texas was incor-
porated into the Union as a State. It was con-
tiguous territory. It never catne in, as pro-
posed by this joint resolution, and as proposed
by the President m his message, as one of the
Territories of the United States.
A writerof much force has just stated that—
"The Texas precedent, which suggested to Gen-
eral Grant's advisers the new tactics, is not appli-
cable to this case. With the exception of Texas all
our acquisitions of territory have been made by
treaty, which is so clearly the regular way that
General Grant himself contemplated no other until
after he failed to get his treaty ratified. There were
two circumstances urged in 1845 as reasons for taking
Texasout of the regular rule. One was that Texas,
unlike other acquisitions, was already a State. and
must come in, if at all, as one of the States of the
Union, not as mere territory in which States might
subsequently be erected and admitted into the Union
by Congress. Great stress was laid on the argument
that the treaty-making authority could r.ot usurp
any power which belonged to Congress. The power
to ' admit new States into this Union' is as explicitly
and exclusively lodged in Congress as the power to
make appropriations from the Federal Treasury;
and it was contended that the treaty-making power
could no more admit a now State than it could lay
a, new tax. As it was conceded that Texas must
come in as a State, it was maintained that nothing
short of the authority of Congress could admit her.
Unless, therefore, General Grant proposes to bring
San Domingo immediately into the Union as a
State, with black Senators and black Representa-
tives, and that independence in local government
which belongs to a State, the Texas precedent is not
available.
"There is another consideration much dwelt upon
in the Texas debates which has no parallel in the
San Domingo affair. The annexation of Texas was
a subject on which the people of the United States
had expressed ttieir deci-ive and unequivocal judg- ■
merit. It was the leading isstie of a presidential
election which had just closed by the triumph oftho
Texas party. The overwhelming approval of the
people seemed of more weight than the dissent, of
the lew Senators who needed to bo added to the
majority to make a ratification. But on the San
Domingo .1 >b the will ot the people has never been
collected. Its annexation has never been intioduced
into any party platform. After thedecisiverejeetion
of the treaty last spiing the project was regarded as
dead, and before the fall elections it had passed quite
out of political consideration. If we had just had a
presidential election; if San Domingo had been the
issue, as Texas was; if General Grant had been
elected 011 that issue, a.- President Polk was, he might
then, with some show of plausibility, recommend tlie
me'hod pursued-in the annexation of Texas."
Therefore, I concur iu these views, and con-
tend that if Dominica is to be annexed to the
United States as a Territory it must be by a treaty
made with the Dominican Government, which
is a foreign Power. It, is impossible constitu-
tionally to bring Dominica into the Union as a
Territory by joint resolution, as is proposed. I
have other authorities upon this subject. I have
theopinion ofsome of the ablest expounders of
constitutional law now living directly to that
point, but I have not time, nor will I detain the
House to refer to them.
I say, therefore, again, if Dominica is to be
acquired atall, exceptby treaty, she must come
in as a State, with all the rights and privileges
of other States. To this there are grave objec-
tions, to which I shall refer hereafter.
Again, sir, the annexation of Dominica to
the United State*, either as a State or a Terri-
tory, is undesirable. The population is of a
most degraded character, being mostly com-
posed of a race whose blood is two thirds native
African and one third Spanish Creole, unlike
that of any colored race known either in this
country or in any part of the world. This is a
mixture utterly incapable of civilization, and
disqualified, tinder any possible circumstances,
or tuition, or example, to becomc citizens of
the United States and exercise, as alido under
our present modified system, the privileges of
representation and of becoming representa-
tives.
The colored population of the United States
havo had the advantage of two cuturies of
white association and example. The popula-
tion of Dominicahave had no such advantages.
They are the direct descendants of native Afri-
can slaves. The slave trade has existed in
Cuba, which is but a distance of about sixty
miles off, until within a very few years. These
native Africans have found their wav across
the narrow channel between the two"islands
into Dominica, and thereby there has been an
admixture of their blood with the Spanish
creoie, which is even more barbarous and more
savage than that of the African himself. This
admixture has resulted in a compound such
as I have^ described, and which, I submit, is
not the kind that we require.
And when my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Outhj refers to the antecedent position ot the
Democratic party upon, territorial aggrandize-
menf, I tell him that our doctrine has always
been to annex territory with a population suit-
able ip aid us in the advancement and progress
