1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1218
and to await the spontaneous offer of it, unless com-
pelled by actual want. In pursuance of thisdeterm-
inatiori, for more than twenty years he has worked
for his daily bread, most of the time a? the employ^
of a railroad company; but now, having arrived at
the age of threescore and ten, and, by reason of years*
and infirmity, being compelled to resign his situa-
tion, he naturally tarns to this unsettled account, and
asks for his due.
The committee see no reason why he should not
be paid according to the nature of his services, at
the customary rates of the time. So far as he has
been paid it was only as a charge d'affaires, and
out of the secret service fund, at the disposal of the
President. The mission was secret, but he was en-
titled 41 commissioner," which was the title of our
representatives att the treaty of Ghent. By the
terms of his commission he was invested "with full
and all manner of power and authority for and in
the name of the United States to meet and confer
with any person or persons having like authority,
and with him or them to negotiate and conclude a
settlement of existing differences and a lasting treaty
of peace, friendship, and limits between the united
States and the Mexican nation, whereby shall be
definitely settled all claims. &c„ and likewise the
limits and boundaries, and all matters and subjects
therewith connected, which may be interesting to
the two nations." With these full powers he pro-
ceeded and acted. Shortly before bim, Mr. Slidell,
of Louisiana, bad proceeded to Mexico with the
title of "commissioner," for which be was paid at
the rate of what was called a " full mission," being
for an unsuccessful service of four months and nine-
teen days $15,698 28. The ratification of the treaty
by the Senate was followed by another commission,
composed of Mr. Sevier, recently chairman of the
Senate Committee of Foreign Rotations, and Mr.
Clifford, the Attorney General, each being paid at
the rate of a "full mission," and the total cost of
the commission being $23,728 67.
If these other commissioners received such con-
siderable sums for a service inferior to that of Mr.
Trist,it is difficult to see why he should not be placed
at least on an equal footing with them. His title is
attested by Mr. Benton in a letter written at a later
day:
Washington, January 18,1856.
Dear Sir: I am at that point of my history which
touches your mission to Mexico, and as I propose
rather to teil how things were done than what was
done, I am extremely anxious to talk with you, both
a& to the beginning and ending of that war, as you
know more about it than any living man. Can you
come on here? Please write me and let me know
whether you can come.
You ought to put forward your claim to Congress
for full pay and outfit for the Mexican treaty. There
were many in the Senate ready to stand by you then,
and I believe you can get compensation yet.
Hoping to hear lrom you soon, respectfully,
THOMAS H. BENTON.
Nicholas P. Trist, esq., Philadelphia.
A recent letter froBa Hon. Keverdy Johpsoa, a
member of the Senate at the ratification of the
treaty, attests the merits of Mr. Trist:
Baltimore, May 21,1S70.
My Bear Sir : I understand that a petition is
now before the Senate of Mr. Nicholas P. Trist,
asking to be allowed the full pay of a minister pleni-
potentiary during the time he was in the public
service in Mexico, and negotiating the treaty which
terminated our war ot 1846 with that country. Being
a member of the Senate when the treaty was sub-
mitted for ratification,I distinctly recollect that the
Senators placed a high estimate upon the value of
Mr. Trist's services, and thought that a salary as
minister should bo allowed him, and I have little
doubt that this would have been done had he
requested it. In this I fully coneur with Colonel
Benton in his letter of the 18th January, 1856,
which forms a part of the memorial,
Mr. Trist at that time, however, failed to make the
demand, but he is now poor and too old to earn a
livelihood, and it would seem fco be not ouly gen-
erous, but just, that his services should be re-
warded.
It is difficult to exaggerate how much they ben-
efited the coaafcry. Tho treaty, as you know, not
only tfnded the most expensive war upon honorable
terms, but secured to us territory of inestimable
value.
Hoping that the negotiator may now be com-
pensated, I remain, with regard, your obedient ser-
Taut- REVEKDY JOHNSON.
Hon. Charles Sumner, .
United Stales Senator, Washington, D. u
The committee are satisfied that Mr. Trist should
receive compensation for the entire period of his
service, and not merely for that part terminating
November 16,1847, when the letter of recall reached
him, such entire period extending from April 15,
1847, to April 8,1848; that such compensation should
beat the rate then established for what was called a
"full mission," being outfit, salary, and return
allowance, and in addition thereto whatever was
expended as "contingentexpenses," being$797 50,
deducting therefrom the money actually received,
being $8,270 65. Interest should be allowed on the
"contingent expenses" actually incurred from April
8,1848; but on the compensation how due only from
the presentation of his petition, March 7,18/0.-
' Injustice to a faithful public servant and for the
sake of its historic interest, the statement of Mr.
Xmt, filed with the comiuittec, is annexed.
Mission of Mr. Nicholas P. Trist to Mexico
Instituted April 15, 1847.
facts op the case.
A.— The m Union instituted—Its objects and plan of pro-
ceedings— The 'person selected for it.
In April, 1847, Congress being then not in session,
a determination was taken by the President of the
United States, in the exercise of i 3 exeeutive dis-
cretion, to institute a special mission to Mexico;
this mission having for its single and sole object the
effecting of a treaty of peace; in other words, the
extrication of our country from the war in which
she hadbecomeinvolvedby theannexation of Texas.
For this service the selection fell upon Mr. Nich-
olas P. Trist, then holding the post in the Department
of State next to that of its head. It was undertaken
by him single-handed, unaccompanied even by a,
secretary.
The plan was. that he should at once repair to the
headquarters of our army in Mexieo, then under
command of General Wiufield Scott, (or at his op-
tion, upon reaching the port of Vera Cruz, remain
on board our fleet there,) and that the Mexican Gov-
ernment should be informed of the presence there
of " the officer of our Department of Foreign Affairs,
next in rank to its ohief," clothed with full powers
to conclude a treaty of peace, should tha!t Govern-
ment deem proper to enter upon a negotiation with
this view.
The letter of instructions from the Department of
State, under which he so proceeded to Mexico, is
contained in the Senate document, Thirtieth* Con-
gress, first session. Executive No.52. It begins thus,
(page 81 of document just named:)
" Mr. Buchanan to Mr. Trist.
Department of State,
Washington, Aprillo, 1847.
" Sir: Since the glorious victory of Buena Vista,
and the capture of Vera Cruz and the castle of Sa.n
Juand'UHo. by the American arms, it is deemed
probable that theMexican Government may be will-
ing to conclude a treaty of peace with the United
States. Without any certain information, however,
as to its disposition, the President would not feel
justified in appointing public commissioners for this
purpose, and inviting itu do thesiijne. After so
many overtures rejected by Mexico this course
might not only subject the United States to the
indignity of another refusal, but might in the end
prove prejudicial to the cause of peace. The Mexi-
can Government might thus be encouraged in the
mistaken opinion which it probably already enter-
tains respecting the motives which have actuated
the President in his repeated efforts to terminate
the war.
"He deems it proper, notwithstanding, to send to
the headquarters of the Army a confidential agent
fully acquainted with the viewsof this Government
and clothed with full powers to conclude a treaty
of peace with the Mexican Government, should it
beso inclined. In thia manner he will be enabled
to take advantage at the propitious moment of any
favorable circumstances which might dispose that
Government to peace.
"The President, therefore, having full confidence
in your ability, patriotism, and intelligence, has
selected you as a commissioner to the united Mexi-
can States, to discharge the duties of this important
mission."
B.—Grade of the mission; first, in point of official
character ; second, in point of pay.
1. In point of official character it was of the
highest grade possible. The lull powers with which
the commissioner was clothed were of the amplest
kind that any Government can intrust to a diplo-
matic functionary. His "commission," under the
great seal of the United States, signed by the Presi-
dent and countersigned by the Secretary of State,
runs thus: "Commissioner of the United States of
America, with authority to meet," &c., "and to
negotiate and conclude a settlement of subsisting
differences and a lasting treaty of peace," &q.
His "full power," under the same great seal and
bearing the same signatures, runs thus:
" Have invested him with full and all manner of
power and authority, for and in the name of the
United States, to meet and confer with any person
or persons having like authority," * * *
* "and with him or them to negotiate and con-
clude a settlement of subsisting differences and a
lasting treaty of peace, friendship, and limits be-
tween the United States and the Mexican nation;
whereby shall be d*."nitively settled all claims," *
* * * "and likewise the limits and bound-
aries between the United States of America and the
united Mexican States, and all matters and subjects
therewith connected, which may be interesting to
the two nations."
For his action in the execution of these ample
powers a latitude of discretion is conferred in his
letter of instructions such as is but seldom, if ever,
exceeded.
Considered in this point of view, the powers con-
ferred and the importance and magnitude of tho
object for which it was instituted, the mission was
of as high a grade as any mission can be, whatever
be tho title given to the person employed in its exe-
cution. And it is to be observed that the title in
this instance, "commissioner." was the same with
that borne by those three 'United States com-
missioners at Ghent," Henry Clay, John Quincy
Adams, and Jonathan Russell, by whom was nego-
tiated and concluded our last (last thus far, and it is
to be fervently hoped, last forever) treaty of peace
with our mother country.
% Pay attached to the mission: In this respect, its
grade was fixed at the other end ol the scale; the
Pay of this special mission was made the same as
that of a charge d'affaires, the lowest grade of the
then regular diplomatic stations. " '
In connection with this fact, it is necessary
advert to the peculiarities of the case In these
respects:
First. There was no appropriation for this special
mission, and Congress was not in session to make
e*,Moreover, it was deemed important thdt it
should be a secret one, and so remain as long as pos-
sible. Hence the necessity that its cost should be
defrayed out of the fund (familiarly called "secret
service ") which is provided by Congress as aresourc©
for emergencies arising in our foreign intercourse ;
which fund being intrusted by law to the President,
for expenditure at his sole and untrammeled dis-
cretion, there necessarily attaches to every such ex-
penditure a peculiar sense of personal responsibility,
restraining from all approach to lavishness in this
irresponsible disposal of public money.
Secondly. This mission was a mere experiment,
which might prove abortive, like other measures
previously taken by the President, i  the hope of
thereby obtaining of the Mexiean Government a
negotiation for peace, among which " repeated efforts
on the part of the President to terminate the war,"
as they are called in the Secretary of State's instruc-
tions to Mr. Trist, had been the publie mission of
Mr. John Slidell. of Louisiana, for which an appro-
priation had been obtained ftom Congress, and which
had proved a fruitless waste of public money to the
extent of nearly sixteen thousand dollars.*
Thirdly. This mere experiment was expected to bo
a very short one; a result, one way or the other,
would very soon be reached; and for a term'of ser-
vice so very brief (not over three months at the out-
side) it would be extravagant, upon mere executive
authority alone, to incur an expenditure beyond
the sum which would be made Up of the outfit and
salary of charg6.
C.—Result of the mission—Steps by which this result
teas reached.
The mission had for its result the treaty of Guad-
alupe Hidalgo, signed on the 2d of February, 1848,
and subsequently ratified by both Governments. The
ste^s by which this result was reached were biieily
as tollows:
Mr. Tiistleft Washington April 16,1847; embarked
at New Orleans ior Vera Cruz, where ho landed
May 6, and immediately proceeded to headauarters
of our army, then at the city of Jalapa. Thence-
forward he continued with it until April 8, 1848,
when he left the city of Mexico, on his return to
Washington, which he reached about the middle of
June.
At the time of his arrival at Vera. Crag the only
federal authority existing in the Mexican republic
was lodged in " the sovereign constituent congress,"
sitting in the city of Mexieo—a body regularly
elected for the twofoldpurpose of, first,reestablish-
ing (with amendments) the constitution of 1824 that
had been subverted by military violence and usurp-
ation : second, disposing of all questions connected
with the war. By this body a provisional executive
bad been established, at the head of which wasSania
Anna as provisional president of the republic.
In August, 1847, the American army, by a rapid
series of brilliant achievements, having carried and
occupied all the strong positions constituting the
outer line of defenses of the city of Mexico, an offer
was made by its commander, General Scott, to the
Mexican Government of an armistice, with a view
to negotiation for peace, which offer being imme-
diately accepted, the terms of the armistice were
forthwith settled by commissioners appointed on
both sides, those selected by General Scott being
Generals J. A. Quitman, Persifer F. Smith, and
Franklin Pierce.
The negotiation for peace was forthwith entered
upon by Mr. Trist and four plenipot entiaries appoint-
ed by Santa Anna. At the head of thesestood General
Herrera, the highest name, by universal acknowl-
edgment, throughout that republic for the purity of
patriotism and general probity of character for which
he was noted, and which on several occasions had
caused his elevation to the presidency of the repub-
lic by constitutional election. Next to Herreia,
among theMexican plenipotentiaries, was his bosom
friend, Couto, the most eminent lawyer of the repub-
lic, and no less noted than himself for proverbial
integrity. Between all four of these men and Santa
Anna the utmost repulsion was known to exist that
could arise from extreme contrariety of characterin
every possible respect, private as well as publio.
Upon being appointed by him they had begged to
be excused, and it was only upon his insisting and
appealing to them in the name of their country
that they had consented to act.
sThe exact figure?, as they stand in the public
accounts, (Fifth Auditor,) are:
Compensation paid to John Slidell as minister to Mexico.
Outfit   ...,$9,000 00
Salary, at $9,000 per annum, for four months
and nineteen days   .  3.471 74
Return allowance....      2.250 U0
Total paid him as compensation......  14,721 74
Add contingent expenses reimbursed to
him          204 35
Add salary of secretary for four months
aadnineteendays,at$2.000perannum 772 19
Total cost of that mission, $15,698 28
