1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1825
the protection of the Constitution and the trea-
ties and the laws made in accordance there-
with. Of that protection they cannot be
deprived but vmh their own consent.
Now, sir, are we prepared to permit a ques-
tion of so much importance and of so much
difficulty to be disposed of by a committee of
conference, without any debate, without any
expression of the Senate in its favor, and much
at least impliedly against it?
I understand the difficulties of the subject;
but they are not incapable of solution. What
is that solution? Clearly it is this: that instead
of attempting to abrogate the provisions, ex-
press and implied, of the Constitution, and to
override the unvarying current of authorities
in our own courts and of practice in our Gov-
ernment, we should let time solve it. Time
will solve it if we have patience, either by the
disappearance of these dwindling races or by
their own voluntary acceptance of the rela-
tions of citizenship. In my judgment, it is
only in this way that you can ever undertake
to deal with these tribes. The United States
has no peaceful control over them for any pur-
pose whatever except through treaties made
with them. It is by treaties that you exer-
cise your authority. It is by treaties or by
war that you regulate your relations with them;
and yet here is a provision that we shall not
again make treaties with them.
I think I understand this subject. I know
what the misfortune of the tribes is. Their mis-
fortune is not that they are red men ; not that
they are semi-civilized; not that they are a
dwindling race ; not that they are a weak race.
Their misfortune is that they hold great bodies
of rich lands, which have aroused the cupidity
of powerful corporations and of powerful indi-
viduals. I am sure no such thing was con-
sidered by the committee of conference. Yet
I greatly fear that the adoption of this provis-
ion in the conference report is the beginning
of the end in respect to the Indian lands. It
is the first step in a great scheme of spoliation,
in which the Indians will be plundered, cor-
porations and individuals enriched, and the
American name dishonored in history.
It is a deplorable thing that such a provision
should be brought here when we are all under
the great pressure; I mean, of passing the ap-
propriation bills. The argument, of course,
is one that we all understand, that you must
not delay the Indian appropriation bill, be-
cause if you do it will be an embarrassment
to the Government. Yet, sir, why did not
the committee of conference, knowing that,
refrain from agreeing to a provision which we
must oppose, even at the cost of delaying the
passage of the appropriation bills?
I have said all I have to say on this matter.
I have discharged my duty, though I have
expressed my views very imperfectly. The
subject is too large for this unexpected and
hurried discussion. I leave now with the
majority here the responsibility of adopting
the report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams in the cliair.) The question is on con-
curring in the report of the committee of
conference on the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. POMEUOY. i inquire if the title of
the bill has been amended as it came from the
House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that it has been.
The report was concurred in.
mkssagh from this house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
1184) relating to internal taxes.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its amendment to the bill (S. No.
878) to amend an act entitled ''An act to
establish and declare the railroad and bridges
of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga
41st Cons. 3d Sess.—No. 115.
Railroad Company, as hereafter constructed, a
post road, and for other purposes," approved
March 2,1868, agreed to the conference asked
by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Omar D. Conger of Michigan, Mr. Lionel A.
Sheldon of Louisiana, and Mr. J. H. Sypher
of Louisiana, managers at the same on its
part.
The message further announced that the
House receded from its amendment to the
bill (S. No. 141) relating to records of the
courts of the United States, disagreed to by
thg Senate.
The message likewise announced that the
House insisted on its amendments to the bill
(S. No. 995) for the relief of purchasers of
lands sold for direct taxes in the insurrec-
tionary States, agreed to the conference
asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Bdrtosi C. Cook of Illinois, Mr. John
A. Peters of Maine, and Mr. Samoel S. Cox
of New York, managers at the same on its
part.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President;
An act (H. R. No. 550) granting a pension
to George Menz;
An act (H. R. No. 1342) granting a pension
to Emma M. Moore;
An act (H. R. No. 1616) granting a pension
to Mary H. Ailing ;
An act (H. R. No. 1988) granting a pension
to W. C. Pickens;
An act (H. R. No. 1989) granting a pension
to Anna F. Hart;
An act (H. R. No. 2307) granting a pension
to Zelica T. Dunlap;
An act (H. R. No. 2313) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Ravenscroft;
An act (H. R. No. 2230) granting a pension
to Benjamin H. Burnham;
An act (H. R. No. 2235) granting a pension
to William Powell;
A bill (H. R. No. 1478) to provide for cel-
ebrating the one hundredth anniversary of
American independence, by holdingan interna-
tional exhibition of arts, manufactures, and
products of the soil and mine, in the city of
Philadelphia, and State of Pennsylvania, in
the year 1876;
A bill (H. R. No. 2173) to amend an act
entitled "An act to reduce the expenses of
the survey and sale of the public lands in the
United States," approved May 30, 1862;
A bill (H. R. No. 1619) to restore Robert
Boyd, jr., to the active list of the Navy of the
United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 3033) to authorize the
construction of a bridge over the Mississippi
river at Louisiana, Missouri, and also a bridge
over the Missouri river at Glasgow, in said
State; „ „
A bill (H. R. No. 689) for the relief of Hull
& Cozzens and John Naylor & Co.;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 488) to en-
able owners to obtain duplicates of lost and
destroyed registered bonds of the United
States; and .
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 315) relating
to balances of appropriations for the Library
of Congress and the Botanic Garden.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 2816) making appropriations
for the sunport of the Army for the year end-
ing June 30, 1872, and for other purposes.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 move to amend the bill by
adding the following sections :
anu companies n., ■■■-• - .
Station ttuards, having been called into the service
of the United States in the year 1863, in the dt<-trict
ofthe border, departmentof Missouri,underaaihor-
ity deiived from Major Genera] John M. Sohofleld,
United States Army, be, and they are hereby, placed
on the same footing as to pay and allowances as
volunteers in the service of the United States.
That it shall be the duty ofthe proper accounting
officers of the treasury Department to adjust the
accounts of all members of the above-described
organizations, and, on presentation of properly
authenticated rolls showing the names of all officers
and men belonging to such organization, and the
term of service of each, and of such other evidence
as may be required to fully prove such service, the
said accounting officers shall pay the accounts out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated : Provided, however, That this provisiun sluill.
not be so construed as to entitle the members of
said military organizations to bounty or pensions
under any law ot the United States.
The troops named in this amendment were
regula'rly organized and mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States, but not having been
called out undet any presidential proclama-
tion they were not entitled to be paid by the
Government of the United States under the
law as it existed, and they were not provided
for under the Slate law of Missouri, and hence
the necessity of authorizing their payment. I
will say that the amendment i§ reported by
the Committee on Military Affairs, and I think
there can be no objection to its being placed
upon this bill, as it is entirely germane to the
subject we have now before us.
Mr. COLE. My friend, the Senator from
Missouri will allow me to suggest, without mak-
ing a point of order, that his amendment, pro-
vides for a deficiency and the bill appropriates
for the next fiscal year beginning some months
ahead. I hope he will not insist upon the
amendment on this bill.
Mr. BLAIR. I shall insist on it if I can
get the Senate to sustain me in it, because
these men have been a long time without their
pay, and I think it is more important and bet-
ter for the Congress of the United States to
pass some provision to take care of soldiers
who were iii the service during the war than
to provide beforehand for the payment of those
who may serve during the next year of peace.
I hope, therefore, that this measure, having
received the approbation of your Committee
on Military Affairs, and being entirely germane
to the bill now before the Senate, the amend-
ment will be sustained by the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Does the amendment make an
appropriation? I think it does.
Mr. BLAIR. No; it does not make an
appropriation in terms.
Mr. COLE. T ask if the Senator has given
any notice of this amendment to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations?
Mr. BLAIR. I have not, because it does
not, make any appropriation.
Mr. COLE. I think it virtually makes an
appropriation; it creates a liability at all
events.
Mr. BLAIR. It was decided yesterday, on
a similar point raised, that unless an amend-
ment made an appropriation in direct terms
it was not considered as coming within the
exclusion of the rule.
Mr. COLE. In order to test the question
whether the Senate will entertain such amend-
ments, in pursuance of the notice I have given,
I move that the amendment lie on the table.
Mr. BLAIR. Why not take a vote directly
on the amendment?
Mr. COLE. This motion will test it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (.Mr. Wil-
liams.) The Senator from California moves
to lay on the table the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Missouri.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR. I give notice now that I shall
offer this proposition as an amendment tothe
miscellaneous appropriation bill. I give the
notice now, and I ask that the amendment be
printed and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be made.
