1214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 14,
The negotiation began August 27,1847, and ended
011 the 6th of September, with the announcement to
the American plenipotentiary of the rejection of
the terms proposed by him, and the submission of a
counter-project from Santa Anna. This caused the
immediate cessation of the armistice, and the re-
sumption of hostilities on the day following. It
afterward became public that the conferences be-
tween the plenipotentiaries had borne for their
fruit a recommendation from those on the Mexican
side to Santa Anna and his cabinet that a treaty
should be conducted upon the terms proposed by
the Government of the united States.
The resumption of hostilities on the 7th Septem-
ber was speedily followed by the capture of the
city of Mexico and the dissolution of the Mexican
Government. In his dispatch of September 27,1847,
Mr. Trist, speaking of the capture of the Mexican
capital, says: "from which ;event dates the total
dissolution of the Mexican Government. There has
not been since that moment any recognized author-
ity in existence with whom I could communicate."
For the time being, therefore, negotiation was
simply impossible. The only thing that Mr. Trist
could do #as to further, by such means as might be
in his power, the formation of a Government with
which to treat.
# It so happened that means toward this end were
m his power, and they were diligently used by him.
They consisted in the sentiments of personal regard
and confidence in him with which the Mexican
commissioners in the recent abortive negotiation
had. become inspired, and with an expression of
which their final official report had closed, in the
following words:
" It now only remains for us to say that in all our
relations with Mr. Trist we found ample motives to
appreciate his noble character; and if at any time
the work of peace is consummated it will be done
by negotiators adorned with the same estimable gifts
which in our judgment distinguish this minister." *
These men became the nucleus of a peace party,
which engaged forthwith in exertions that were un-
weariedly plied. After a most arduous struggle they
accomplished the object of reconstituting the Gov-
ernment; and at the same time establishing the
peace party in entire possession of it in all its
branches.
So soon as the executive branch had become sol-
idly constituted, its first action consisted in the
selection of four commissioners to meet Mr. Trist
for the conclusion of a treaty upon the basis that
had been proposed by him in the first negotiations.
At the head of this new list was no longer seen
the name of Herrera, but that of his bosom friend
Couto, associated with that of one more of the
former four and two new names, Don Manuel Rin-
con and Don Luis Gonzaga Cuevas, both men of the
highest personal standing throughout the republic
and conspicuous among the leaders of the peace
party. In being made acquainted with this selec-
tion Mr. Trist was informed why all four of the
commissioners could no longer be the same whom
he had formerly met. General Herrera was lying
dangerously ill, and General Mora y Villarnil's ser-
vices were needed in the new cabinet as minister of
war.
Thus did the case stand with reference to the cer-
tain and early accomplishment of the object for
which he had been sent to Mexico, when, on the
36th of November, 1847, Mr. Trist received his letter
of recall, under date October 6, the triplicate of
wnich letter was the first to reach him, as an inclos-
ure in another dispatch from the Secretary of State,
dated the 25th of October, reiterating the recall.
The oiiginal was delivered to him on the day fol-
lowing by the person specially sent with it from
Washington,
In that letter of recall the ground of the Pres-
ident's determination to discontinue tho mission is
stated in the following words:
"They (the Mexioan Government) must attribute
our liberality to fear, or they must take courage
from our supposed political divisions. Some such
cause is necessary to account for their strange in-
fatuation. In this state of affairs the President,
believing that your continued presence with the
army can be productive of no good, but may do much
barm by encouraging the delusive hopes and false
impressions of the Mexicans, has directed me to
recall you from your mission, and instruct you to
return to the United States by the first safe oppor-
tunity."
The ''state of affairs" really existing in Mexico,
^with reference to the object for which the mission
intrusted to Mr. Trist had been instituted was, then,
the direct reverseof that supposed by the President,
«iid by him assigned as his reason for withdrawing
that mission, and for the further determination on
iiis part, expressed in the letter of recall, " not to
make another offer to treat," * * * * " they
must now sue for peace," * -* * * •« wkat
terms the President may bo willing to grant them
will depend uj^on the future events of the war, and
the amount of the precious blood of our fellow-cit-
izens, and the treasure which shall in the moan time
have been expended."
Thus situated, Mr. Trist did nevertheless forth-
with enter upon a course of strict conformity with
iiis recall. In his dispatch acknowledging the simul-
taneous receipt of the recall, and its reiteration
sunder dates October 6 and 25, he says :
"My first thought was immediately to address a
note to the Mexican Government, advising them of
the inutility of pursuing their intention to appoint
*As translated at Washington, by order of the Sen-
Thirtieth Congress, first session—Senate, Exec-
utive No. §2, page 845,
commissioners to meet me. On reflection, however,
the depressing influence which this would exercise
upon the peace party, and the exhilaration which it
would produce among the opposition being but too
manifest, I determined to postpone making this com-
munication officially, and meanwhile privately to
advise the leading men of the party "here and at
Queretaro of the instructions which I had received.
"Their spirits had for the last few days been very
much raised by the course of events at Queretaro;
and one of them (the second of the two heads men-
tioned in a late dispatch) had called on me the very
day after your two dispatches came to hand, for the
purpose of communicating the4 good news' and mak-
ing known the * brightening prospects.' tJpon my
saying that it was ail too late and telling what in-
structions I had received, his countenance fell, and
flat despair succeeded to the cheeriness with which
he had accosted me. The same defection has been
evinced by every one of them that I have conversed
with, while joy has been the effeet upon those of the
opposite party who have come to inquire into the
truth of the newspaper statement from the Wash-
ington Union. By both parties the peace men were
considered floored. This was the coup de grdce for
them.
"Mr.Thornton wastosetout(ashedid)nextmorn-
ing for Queretaro, and I availed myself of this priv-
ately to apprise the members of the Government of
the state of things with reference to which their
exertions in favor of peace must now be-directed,
and to exhort them not to giveup, as those here had
at first seemed strongly inclined to do, and as it was
believed that those at Queretaro would at once do.
Fortunately, however, when the news reached there
they had just taken in a strong dose of confidence,
the result of the meeting of the Governors, which
served to brace them against its stunning effect."
* * * * "The peace men did not cease for
several days to implore me to remain in the coun-
try; at least until Mr. Parrott shall have arrived
with the dispatches, of which report makes him the
bearer. To these entreaties, however, I have turned
a deaf ear, stating the absolute impossibility that
those dispatches should bring anything to change
myt position in the slightest degree.
^ " I recommended to the peace men to send imme-
diately, through General Scott, whatever proposi-
tions they may have to make, or to dispatch one or
more commissioners with me. After full conversa-
tions on the subject, however, I became thoroughly
satisfied of the impracticability of either plan ; it
would, to a certainty, have the effect of breaking
them down. The only possible way in which a treaty
can be made is to have the work done on the spot—
negotiation and ratification to take place at one
dash. The complexion of the new congress, which
is to meet at Queretaro on the 8th of January, is
highly favorable. This will be the last chance for a
treaty. I would recommend, therefore, the imme-
diate appointment of a commission on our part."
In a letter to his wife, accompanying that dis-
patch, he sent a message to Mr. Buchanan, (the Sec-
retary of State,) beseeching-him, as he valued our
Union, to lose not an instant in seizing the last
chance for peace, and suggesting that, to gain time,
authority to conclude a treaty should be forthwith
dispatched to General Scott, or to General W. 0.
Butler, of Kentucky, or to both conjointly, the last-
named officer being a member of the Democratic
party, who had been sent to take command of our
army as General Scott's successor.*
The position in which Mr. Trist was placed by his
recall toward the peace _ party could not but be a
most painful one. At his instigation it was, as our
country's representative, and on the strength of the
assurances given by him of the sincerity and earnest-
ness of her and her Government's desire for peace,
that this party had built itself up, and, after a most
arduous struggle, had accomplished what was uni-
versally regarded as an impossibility^ In this strug-
gle its leaders and every prominent man whom they
had succeeded in enlisting in the same cause had
staked everything which can be staked in a political
contest by the citizens of a republic torn, as Mexico
has proverbially been, by convulsions of the most
violent kind. From the -assurances which he had
given them, they regarded it as impossible that the
President of the United States, upon receiving the
dispatches acquainting him with the true "state of
affairs" in Mexico, and of the progress which had
been made toward the consummation of the object
which the bearer of those assurances had been sent
there to give, could fail to revoke the recall which
placed them in a position so perilous; hence the
confident belief on their part that the revocation
of that recall must be on its way, and hence their
entreaties to Mr. Trist to delay his departure.
To the strength of the appeal so made to him, to
its strength on the mere ground of simple good faith
between man and man toward the patriotic men
whom he had been instrumental in entrapping into
that cruel position, he could not be otherwise than I
fully sensible. To find himself under the necessity
of turning a deaf ear to it must have been most try-
ing to his feelings.
But ho was ordered " to return by the first safe
opportunity;" and the possibility of his being shaken
in liis determination to obey this order by any such
expectation as that of his recall being revoked was
precluded by the whole tenor and spirit of the letter
recalling him, and most especially its closing para-
graph, which said:
" Should you, upon its arrival, be actually engaged '
This not in my official dispatches, but I have the •
letter. :
f This nowhere stated in my dispatches, but any his-
torian would infer all this from what is there stated, I
in negotiations with Mexican commissioners, these
must be immediately suspended." * * * *
"You are not to delay your departure, however,
awaiting the communication of any terms from these
commissioners for the purpose of bringing them to
the United States."
So that, had his recall found him pen in hand to
affix his signature to a perfected treaty of peace, this
treaty word for word identical with the project
given him for his guidance, our commissioner would,
upon reading those instructions, have become bereft
of all authority to write his name to that treaty.
Had the "state of affairs" at the moment when
those instructions reached the city of Mexico proved
to be such as to render this expenditure of one sin-
gle drop of ink tho sole remaining requisite for pre-
venting all further effusion of what, in those same
instructions, is called " the precious blood of our
fellow eitizens; " even if this had proved to be the
"state of affairs " which thatdispatch found to exist
there, yet, so very guardedly and effectually had it
provided against the expenditure of this one drop
of ink, "the precious blood" must have continued
to flow. It must have continued to be " expended,"
to be expended to such "amounts," whatever this
amount might turn out to be, as might be determ-
ined by the protraction of the war " for an indefinite
period." For thisis the term which, less than fivo
months after that recall left the city of Washington,
was in the President's message to the Senate, Feb-
ruary 29,1848, assigned by him to the probable dura-
tion of the war, in case the Senate should fail to
comply with his express "recommendation," to
adopt and ratify as a national act the work done by
the ex-commis3ioner in direct contravention of the
above-quoted, most carefully devised, and most
skillfully framed orders for securing against even
the signing of a treaty, should this prove to be the
sole remaining requisite for the consummation of
the object for which the mission had been insti-
tuted.
That M first safe opportunity," by which Mr. Trist
was thus ordered to return, did not occur until the
10th day of December. When the order reached
him (November 16, 1847) it was expected that an
army train for Vera Cruz would leave the city of
Mexico about the end of that month. Owing, how-
ever, to the unexpected detention at that port of a
train which had neen sent there for supplies tho
departure of the one with which Mr. Trist had prc-
Sared to leave was postponed, first, to the 4th of
'ecember, and then to the 10th. On this day the
train started. Mr. Trist, however, did not go with
it. Had it been delayed no later than the 4th, in
such case his return journey would have begun on
the morning of that day. Then must "the precious
blood of our fellow-citizens " have continued to be
"expended," andsour country have been made to
believe this expenditure, so religiously abhorrent to
our Executive and so piously deprecated by him,
attributable solely to that " strange infatuation " on
the part of the Mexicans which was so deplored by
the President and the Secretary of State, and which
they found themselves utterly at a loss to account
for, except on the supposition that Mexico fancied
our country to be afraid of hdi\
The postponement of the departure of that train to
a day later than the 4th was big with consequences
of vast moment. That day, the 4th of December,
A. D. 1847, proved to be the appointed time in the
course of human events for an incident which, though
in itself of the most casual and trivial and common-
place kind, had for its effect to reverse the gloomv
aspect which things had worn at the rising of tbo
sun. and had continued to wear till near his setting,
boding the indefinite protraction of the war.
From this incident arose a determination on the
part of Mr. Trist, which in itself, in the circum-
stances under which it was taken and the results
attending it, constitutes an event that stands alone
in history, and is not likely ever to have a parallel.
This determination, with the motives which im-
pelled to it, are found stated in a confidential letter
immediately written by him, and a copy of which
was transmitted as promptly as possible to the Sec-
retary of State at Washington, was among the
papers subsequently communicated to the Senate
and by their order printed. The dispatch transmit-
ting it to the Secretary of State begins as follows :
"Headquarters of the United State? Army,
Mexico, December §, 1847.
Hon. James Buchanan,
Secretary of State, Washington .•
41 Sir: Referring to my previous dispatches in re-
gard to the political state of this country, and to tho
inclosed copy of a confidential letter, under date the
4th instant, to a friend at Queretaro, to who^e ablo
and indefatigable cooperation in the discharge of
the trust committed to me I have, from the very
outset, been greatly indebted, I will here enter at
greater length into the considerations by which I
have been brought to a resolve so fraught with re-
sponsibility to myself; while, on the other hand,
the circumstances under which it is taken are such
as to leave the Government at perfect liberty to
disavow my proceeding, should it be deemed dis-
advantageous to our country."
<• J^e friend at Queretaro, " to whose able and inde-
fatigable cooperation" Mr. Trist so acknowledged
his deep obligations, was Mr. Edward Thornton, at
that time, owing to the retirement of the British
minister from ill-health, left in charge oftheBritish
legation in Mexico. The same gentleman is now
the representative of his sovereign to our Govern-
ment.
^ tt reS(>lve so formed by the ex-commissioner of
the United btates was to thiseffect: should the Mex-
ican Government be willing, he would take upon
