1826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. NYE. I offer the following amendment
as a new section :
That all the field officers of the Array who have
nor. been convicted within five years last past by a
court-martial of any such neglect of duty or crime
u-3 sentenced them to a dismissal from the Army,
who were honorably mustered outas supernumera-
ries under the provision of section twelve of an act
making appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending Juno 30. 1871, and for other pur-
poses, approved July 15,1870, including Major Gen-
eral John P. Sherburne, mustered out of the Adju-
tant General's department, are hereby restored to
the Army, with the ranks and commissions held by .
them at the timoof such muster out: Provided That
no officer hereby restored shall receive pay uniil a
vacancy occurs in the grade to which such officer
belongs and he is assigned thereto.
This amendment will restore ten of the old
officers in the way prescribed in it. They are
most of them quite old, and they have, been
long in the service, some of them since 1837
in the Florida war. It will cost nothing until
these officers are assigned to duty. They are
men who have given the best of their lives to
the service of their country, and now in times
of peace are as able to discharge the duties
of a peaceful service as most ot' the officers
who are retained. I hope this little act of
justice to these old men of the Army will be
readily accorded by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. COLE. 1 suppose my friend from Ne-
vada has accomplished his purpose in having
this opportunity to express his very kindly
feeling toward these old and very worthy
officers, in which feeling we all participate no
doubt, and probably when this proposition
comes up by itself, we shall all be ready to
support it. I do not now see any very good
reason why it should not be supported as an
independent measure by itself when it may
receive proper consideration. I will ask the
Senator, does the amendment come from any
committee?
Mr. NYE. It does not make any appropri-
ation, and there is no necessity for its coming
from any committ.ee.
Mr. COLE. I suppose it ought to be con-
sidered by some committee.
Mr. NYE. Not at all.
Mr. COLE. In pursuance of the notice I
gave a short time since, I move that theamend-
ment do lie upon the table.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion for half a minute. I am not
going to make a speech.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California withdraw the motion?
Mr. COLE. I do, at the Senator's request,
for a moment.
Mr. NYE. I submit that this amendment
makes no appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
question of order made upon the amendment.
Mr. NYE. Then I hope the amendment will
prevail. 1 believe it will meet the hearty ac-
cord of those here who prize the services of
these old men who have given their lives to
their country.
Mr. ABBOTT. I should have preferred this
proposition to come from the Committee on
Military Affairs ; there may be some things in
it tlrat ought to be considered by that com-
mittee ; but the general proposition I think
is just. In the decrease of the Army it is
beyond question that great injustice was done
to certain officers. It was obliged to be done
from the necessities of the case. Consequently,
certain old officers, who had served for a long
time, were thrown out under the operation of
the law which passed Congress at the last ses-
sion. I should be very glad myself to see these
officers restored without pay" to their former
rank, so that they would retain that rank but
receive no pay unless they were assigned to
duty. I see no objection to that. If the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations ob
jects to its going on this bill, perhaps it can be
put on some other bill, or perhaps it can be
taken up by itself. At any rate, I should pre-
fer it to receive the consideration of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs for the purpose of
perfecting it.
Mr. COLE. It is evident from what is al-
ready disclosed that this proposition ought to
have the consideration of a committee. Per-
haps there are other officers in a like predica-
ment who may and ought to be included in it,
or perhaps there may be some who fall un'der
its provisions who ought not, to be included in
such a proposition. 1 therefore move that the
amendment lie on the table.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask my honorable
friend to withdraw that motion for one mo-
ment, that I may offer an amendment which
will take no time, to add a single name.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I simplywish to amend
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California withdraw his motion?
Mr. COLE. I will allow the amendment to
be offered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to insert after
the name "John P. Sherburne" the name of
" Fitz John Porter."
Mr. COLE. Now I move that the amend-
ment lie on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves that the amendment of
the Senator from Nevada be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty four,
noes not counted.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to renewtheamend-
ment that was offered yesterday by the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] in reference to a tele-
graph line in Dakota Territory, which I ask
the Secretary to read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insertas addu ional sections the following:
Sec.—. That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to negotiate with a
responsible party to build and operato a telegraph
line Irorn Yankton, Dakota Territory, to Port Ran-
dall, Dakota, and thence to Fort Sully, if, in the
opinion of the Secretary of War, the public service
demands such extension; and upon the completion
of each hundred miles of said line to the satisfaction
of the Secretary of War, he is authorized to pay the
party constructing the same the sum of $8,000, and
upon the completion of the whole line lie shall pay,
as aforesaid, the sum of eighty dollars per mile for
any number of miles the same may extend over the
nuraberofevenliundreds: Provided, Thntthemoney
so paid shall be refunded to the United States in the
use of said telegraph line, at rates not higher than
charged private individuals, nor higher than may,
in the opinion of said Secretary, be just: Provided
n'ho, That when the money advanced by the said
Secretaiy of War shall be refunded as above pro-
vided. the United States shall have no title to. nor
lien upon, said line, but may at all times use the
same for public purposes at such rates as may be
just.
Sec.—. That an amount necessary to enable the
Secretary of War to carry into effect the provisions
ot the foregoing section is hereby appropriated out
of any moneys m the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the attention of the
Senate very briefly to a statement in regard to
the importance of this line. The total length
of this line from Yankton to Fort Randall is
eighty miles, thence to Fort Stilly two hundred
and twenty miles, making altogether three
hundred miles. This line will touch the fol-
lowing military posts : Forts Randall, Thomp-
son, and Sully, the latter being the headquar-
ters of that military district. It will also touch
the following Indian agencies: Yankton, San-
tee, Ponca, Whetstone. Brule creek, Chey-
enne, and Crow creek, at which posts and
agencies there are one thousand soldiers and
over twenty thousand Indians. I was advised
by the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs yesterday that over one third of all
the appropriations for the benefit of the Indi-
ans is expended at or around these agencies
or for the tribes connected therewith. Am I
correct ?
Mr. HARLAN. About thatamount, roughly
estimated.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to state, not wish-
ing to detain the Senate, that I have here the
statement of an officer, Captain Pool, stationed
at the Whetstone agency, that the existence of
this line for one summer while be was there,
the summer before last, would have saved more
than the cost of it; that, they are compelled to
send expresses and embassies, sometimes ac-
companied with a company of cavalry, at great
loss of time and great expense, conveying in-
formation that might be conveyed by the tele-
graph. I have here a memorial addressed to
Congress by the Legislature of the Territory
of Dakota, earnestly asking the construction
of this line for military and civil purposes, stat-
ing that it would contribute to their peace and
to the quiet of the Territory. I have also a
memorial addressed to Congress by all of the
territorial officers, and an earnest recommend-
ation signed by the Governor of the Terri-
tory, the secretary of the Territory, the chief
justice, the Delegate, the surveyor general, and
the clerk of the supreme court of the Territory,
asking for the construction of this line. I
have also the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of War, recommending the construction
of this line for military purposes; also, the
recommendation of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, Mr. Delano, of the same thing ; also, the
recommendation of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, Colonel Parker, all stating the
necessity for and the importance of the con-
struction of this line.
It is important for the Government to con-
struct this line at its own expense, if it cannot
be constructed in any other way ; but there is
a company proposing to construct the line, and
only asking of the Government the amount
stated in the amendment, which is only $8,000,
to be refunded to the Government in the way
of telegraphing, so that the Government will
lose nothing whatever by it. The total cost
of the line according to the terms of the
amendment will be about twenty-four thou-
sand dollars.
I have referred to the statement of the offi-
cer at Whetstone agency that the existence of
this line the summer before last would have
paid the entire expense of constructing it by
the Government. I tliereforeask that, upon.the
ground of economy and of military necessity,
this line shall be authorized to be constructed.
It will in the end cost the Government noth-
ing and be a saving of expense.
As I before stated, there are some twenty
thousand Indians connected with these agen-
cies and around these posts, and they are
among the most restless and unquiet tribes we
have upon the frontier; and this is a measure
of safety to the settlers as well as of economy
to the Government. For these reasons I
move this amendment.
Mr. COLE. I have no doubt the statement
of the Senator from Indiana is very correct
in this regard: that if this telegraph line had
been constructed and in operation the summer
before last it would have been the means of
saving expense to the Government; but the
very fact that aid is sought from the Govern-
ment in its construction is an argument to
show that it is not expected to pay in the
future. We did not save by it. The propo-
sition now is to lock the door after the horse
is stolen. If it would pay for the future this
private enterprise would be sufficient for the
accomplishment of the undertaking. This
amendment is a confession on the part of
those who are to construct this line that it
will not be a profitable investment unless the
Government comes forward to aid its con-
struction; and therefore they ask this aid of
the Government. This is the view I take of
it; and, it seems to me, it is the view that
cannot, be resisted. I suppose it has not a
proper place upon this bill I thought so when
the proposition was presented lo the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and I think so still.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not kn ovv what there
is above the earth or beneath the skies that is
not appropriate upon this bill after the Senate,
in its wisdom, have put upon it what they
