388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
city to the river Nigua, and the gold regions be-
tween it and the Jayna, belongs to another English
party, who hare opened it through as a mule track
already and made more than half of it a passable
cart road. These, with one lapsed charter from San-
tiago to San Doniinao eity. aro all the road char-
ters yet granted. The same -with the mines. Of
the few eharters granted but one is held by Ameri-
cans ; ail the rest are in the hands of Europeans.
One the Government has now under consideration—
the construction of the military road from San
Domingo to Puerto Plata—which enterprise is also
in the hands of the English.
Large concessions have been made, notonly
to English subjects, but to American also.
Why, sir, £ can take you to the city of New
York and introduce you to twenty persons
who will offer yoa stocks in every conceiv-
able scheme to develop the resources of San
Domingo; and if you listen to those brokers
and agents of the various companies that have
been incorporated in San Domingo, and some
of them also by the laws of the State of New
York, you would soon reach the conclusion that
what the Government is to obtain, after these
corporations have secured the valuable grants
made to them, would be very much like taking
the shell while the speculators and schemers
take the oyster.
It has been said (I do not know with how
much truth, but I have heard these stories for
the last four years) that there are large Boston
interests also in favor of the annexation of Sail
Domingo; that, Yankee like, (I use that word
as applicable, if you please, to the people of
the whole United States,) our merchants and
enterprising adventurers have already seized
upon all that is worth having in the Island of
San Domingo, and have appropriated it either
to st&ek-jobbing purposes, or to some other
selfish object, equally wrong, in view of the
measure before us.
We find honorable and high-toned men, ex-
emplary in all the private, and, if you please,
all the public, walks of life, suddenly changing
their position on this question, and absolutely
voting to-day contrary to their votes of yester-
day. It has been said in the other end of this
Capitol that men who had voted against the
ratification of the treaty made by the Presi-
dent were in a very few hours reconciled to its
support by presidential influences. And, sir,
were I to repeat in this debate, in this connec-
tion, language which I have heard from a lead-
ing Republican Seuator, I should be called to
order for an aspersion upon the integrity of
the President of the United States. But, sir,
I shall not do that. I will question no man's
motives. I am willing to assume that all of
us are influenced and actuated by a proper and
conscientious sense of public duty ; but I will
state that in every instance in our history
where a President has descended from his high
position to influence unduly the legislative
department of the Government, such attempt
has reacted upon the Executive. Whenever
an Executive has so far lost his appreqjation
of the power centered in Congress by the Con-
stitution as to interfere with its independent
right of legislation by direct application to
members of Congress, he has found, too late
probably, that it was a fatal error, from which
he could never recover.
I have oniy incidentally referred t.o those in-
terests in the city of New York, which appear
to own all that is valuable in Dominica, embra-
cing all the various departments of minerals,
steamships, banking institutions, railroad com-
panies, manufacturing companies, fishing com-
panies, &c. I say you may put this and that
together and decide whether it is not possible
that even the highest dignitary of the land may
have his ear approached by influences eman-
ating from such souices.
If the United States has not territory enough,
if we have cot population enough of a proper
character, and if this island can be honorably
and fairly acquired, consistently with the inter-
ests of the United States, 1 say let it be done.
1 make no factious opposition to this measure.
I am in favor of territorial expansion. I be-
lieve that the Democratic party to-day is in
favor of territorial expansion ; but I do not
understand it to be the policy of the Demo-
cratic party, or consistent with the precedents
or conduct of that party, to do any such act as
is proposed to be done in reference to the
island of San Domingo.
Sir, we have millions and hundreds of mil-
lions of acres of our own undeveloped soil
untilled, and mountains of valuable minerals
unworked. We have room enough, we have
opening enough for all the industry and enter-
prise of the American people. We have the
largest sea-coast of any nation of the world;
we want no more. We have minerals of every
kind, and climate of every kind. We have
resources of every character, and we have a
population of the right kind, not only to develop
these resources, but to sustain and continue
our free institutions.
Mr. SWANN. My friend from New York
will permit me, I hope, to ask one question.
He states that the policy of the Democratic
party is in favor of annexation. I am aware
of that. I go to the utmost extent in sustain-
ing that policy ; but I ask my honorable friend
to say whether, when the question comes to be
considered involving annexation, the character
of the population is not to be takeirinto the
account?
Mr. WOOD. I recognize, Mr. Speaker, the
distinction made by my honorable friend iioin
Maryland. There is a wide distinction between
incorporation and the introduction of popula-
tion into our national system, and the addition
of territory, and there is no analogous case to
this one. Under Democratic auspices Louis-
iana, Texas, New Mexico, and the Californias
have been annexed. All these were territo-
ries contiguous to our own, and were brought
into the Union in a legal and constitutional
manner. The populations of these territories
have added materially to the advantage and
benefit of the people of the United States. I
submit there can be no possible similarity be-
tween the population of New Mexico, said to
be far inferior to any other in the Union, and
that of the island of San Domingo. The Dem-
ocratic party is to-day, as it always has been,
willing to carry the American flag everywhere ;
but not ruthlessly and violently, against the
remonstrances of a people; not to involve our-
selves in bloody conflicts with other peoples ;
not to be compelled to make war to maintain
our rights.it may be upon our brother republic
of Hayti, composed of American citizens emi-
grants from our own soil; not to assume an
enormous and indefinite'amountof debt, which
we shall be compelled to payor be involved in
conflict with foreign Powers ; in fine, not to do
in violation of the Constitution that which we
have no right to do. - Agiinst these objections
the Democratic party has never advocated an-
nexation.
In my judgment, Mr. Speaker, there is no
ground upon which this 'proceeding can be
justified. The tax-payers of the country pro-
test against it. Wc have an enormous public
debt. The people are overridden and over-
burdened by taxation, internal and external.
Bankruptcy is abroad in our country, not only
in the fiscal affairs of the country, but in the
banking and mechanical communities; they
are in a worse condition than they have been
since 1857. The largest and supposed most
solvent concerns in the United States have
failed within a fortnight, or are tottering on
the^verge of ruin. They cannot meet their
obligations to others. The Government, in-
deed, cannot pay its own obligations.
"We are, as a people, already sufficiently in
debt. We are obliged to pay with the public
money some three or four hundred million dol-
lars a year, which are extracted from the re-
wards of our industry and the results of our
labors. And, notwithstanding, it is designed to
enter upon new and enlarged and expensive
schemes of territorial aggrandizement, to com-
pel us to assume new debts and add new bur-
dens. Why, sir, no sane man would so conduct
his private affairs. No individual could sustain
himself for twenty-four hours if he should
manage his own personal transactions and
business upon the same principle as that
which it is now proposed to adopt in this case.
I protest against it. I protest against it in the
name of the people of the United States. The
people of the United States have not been al-
lowed an opportunity to pass upon this ques-
tion. It has never been made an issue in our
political contests. No member has been elected
to this House who dared upon the stump, in
his canvass, to take ground for the annexation
of San Domingo. It is a presidential scheme.
It has no other import or force or binding effect
upon the members of Congress. But solar as
the President of the United States has the
power it is evident that, he is determined to
bring this about. He has neglected our inter-
ests in Cuba. The ships of war which were
brought there to protect American interests
have been sent to the island of San Domingo
to overawe Iiaytien hostility to the Dominican
scheme. And now we have three ships of war
out of our small Navy lying in Samana bay and
in the harbor of the city of Sail Domingo, wait-
ing there to compel by force of arms this out-
rageous scheme, which seeks to force that
people, against their own expressed wishes, in
disregard of their protestand treaty stipulations
with Hayti, to become citizens of the United
States.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not know that my
feeble voice can have any influence upon this
House to prevent the consummation of so
gross a wrong. I know, by the vote recorded
here to-day, that the die ia cast. 1 know that
certain influences have compelled legislation
upon this question, and that we are here mere
pieces of mechanism, moved by a superior
hand, to enforce and to execute the dicta of
our ruler. Why, sir, how times are changed.
But yesterday this end of the avenue ruled
this Government. But yesterday the Congress
of the United States issued its edicts, and the
President of the United States had to obey or
to submit to trial or impeachment. Now, sir,
after the President has had his treaty rejected
by nearly a unanimous vote by the Senate
of the United States, a coordinate branch of
the^ treatj :making power, he sends it back
again, hurls it at our heads, and we, like hum-
ble sycophants, as supple instruments of the
executive will, are to pull the chestnuts out
of the fire for his majesty, the king, to eat.
You gentlemen on the other side of the House
may afi'ord to do that, but we cannot. We rep-
resent the people, not the President. We stand
by the rights andinterests of the people of the
United States in opposition to any executive
dictation, come in what form it may, whether
it be by treaty, whether it be by joint resolu-
tion, whether it be by demand. We believe
in the people, and believing in the people as
we do, we are willing that the people shall pass
upon this question. Sir, I say to the majority
ol' this House that if they can afford to pass
this measure, we can afi'ord to let them do" so.
If they can afford to bow down under this in-
fluence, to subfnit and yield to this dictation,
we can afford to let them do it. We are will-
ing to go before the people of the United States
upon the San Domingo issue. Sir, we know
what will be the result. Our history is full of
precedents somewhat analogous to tkis, and in
all such cases the people have never failed to
respond, with a voice of potential condemna-
tion, against executive usurpation and uncon-
stitutional dictation. To the verdict of the
people we make our appeal.
I will now only say in conclusion that v/e are
quite reauy to vote on this question. We had
no desire, knowing it to be inevitable, to pre-
vent the House by its vote taking action on ir.
All we can do, leebleas we are now, is to nttcr
our protest, our protest against the principle,
our protest against the act, our protest against
this measure, come in any form it may, more
especially since it is a measure which has no
