167*1.
fjl'
HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1215
himself to engage with its plenipotentiaries in the
work which had been so ■ unexpectedly prevented
by his recall. All such action on his part would of
course be devoid of validity and of all binding force
upon oar Government. Nevertheless, should the
negotiation result in their agreeing upon the terms
of a treaty, such treaty would secure to the cause of
peace the chance of its adoption by the Government
of the United States, upon its being presented with
the option, so to put an end to the war.
The attempt so ventured upon was crowned with
success. His proposal was accepted by the Mexican
Government. The plenipotentiaries who, just before
his recall arrived, had been selected to meet him
were commissioned. They at once went to work,
and the work was plied so diligently that in about
six weeks' time from their first regular conference
their task was brought to its desired end by the sign-
ing at Guadalupe Hidalgo, on the 2d of February,
1848, of the document in the form of a treaty, which
was immediately sent to the Secretary of State at
Washington.
Every possible provision having been made for its
speedy conveyance, it reached its destination in six-
teen or seventeen days after signature—the quickest
time ever made by man between the capitals of the
two republics—the bearer being James L. Freaner,
a native of the State of Maryland, and the only man
who had been in any way instrumental in determin-
ing Mr. Tri3t to make the attempt of which that
document was the result.
On the 23d of February, 1818, some days after its
arrival at Washington, the document received from
Mr. Trist was communicatedby the President to the
Senate, with a message, bearing date the day pre-
vious, (February 22.) beginning thus:
"I lay before the Senate, for their consideration
and advice as to its ratification, a treaty of peace,
friendship, limits, and settlement, signed at the city
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, on the 2d day of February,
1848, by N. P. Trist, on the partof the United States,
and by plenipotentiaries appointed for that purpose
on the part of the Mexican Government."
By the executive action so taken upon the docu-
ment, the invalidity of that in which it originated
wasi cured, and it became transmitted into a gen-
uine treaty, so far as the President's sole authority
was competent to impart this character to it.
A week later, on the 29th of the same month, in
another message to the Senate, the President took
occasion to explain that his first message was in-
tended to be understood as positively recommend-
ing the treaty for adoption, the words upon this
point in the second message being:
" I considered it to be my solemn duty to the coun-
try, uninfluenced by the exceptional conduct of Mr.
Trist, to submit the treaty to the Senate, with a rec-
ommendation that it be ratified with the modifica-
tions suggested."
Incorporated with this express recommendation
are the President's reasons for considering it his
solemn duty to make it; among which assigned
reasons in his belief, "that, if the present treaty be
rejected, the war will probably be continued at a
ereat expense of life %pd treasure for an indefinite
period."
After thorough discussion by the Senate, extending
from February 23 to March 10, in which it underwent
various modifications, its ratification was advised
and consented to by a vote of 38 yeas to 14 navs.
This action of the Senate was immediately followed
by the formal ratification of the treaty on the part
of the United States; whereupon a joint commission
was forthwith dispatched to Mexico for the purpose
of there procuring its ratification as amended by the
Semite.
The rank of this commission and the strictly lim-
ited purpose lor which it was sent are both explained
with great particularity in two letters of the Secre-
tary of State of the United States under date March
18,1848, one of which letters, a very long and elab-
orate production, manifesting the great importance
attached to theo bject in view,"was immediately dis-
patched to Mexico as a forerunner of the commis-
sion. From it the following extracts are made:
The Secretary of S'ate of the United States to the minister
of foreign relations of the Mexican republic.
"Sir: Two years have nearly passed away since
our republics have been engaged in war. Causes
which it would now be vain, if not hurtful, to recapit-
ulate have produced this calamity. Under thebless-
ing of a kind Providence, this war* I trust, is about
to terminate." * * * * "I most cordially
congratulate you on the cheering prospect. This will
becomearealityas soon as the Mexican Government
shall approve the treaty of peace between the two
nations concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo on the 2d
of February last, with the amendments thereto which
have been adoptod by the Senate of the United
States." * * ft##***
" X have now the honor to transmit you a printed
copy of the treaty, with a copy in manuscript of the
amendments and final proceedings of the Senate
upon it. This is done to hasten, with as little delay
as practicable, tho blessed consummation of peace
by placing in the possession of the Mexican Govern-
ment, atas early a period as possible, all the inform-
ation which thoy may require to guide their delib-
erations." ********
"Recurring to tho amendments adopted by the
Senate, it affords me sincere pleasure to knowthat
none of the leading features of the treaty have been
changed." * * * * * * * ♦
"The President, by and with tho advice and con-
sent of the Senate, had appointed Hon. Ambrose H.
Sevier, of tho St:Ue of Arkansas, and Hon. Nathan
Clifford, of the State of Maine, commissioners to
Mexico, with the rank of envoy extraordinary and
minister plenipotentiary. Mr. Sevier has for many
3'ears been a distinguished Senator of the United
States, and for a considerable period has occupied
the highly responsible station of chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations. Mr. Clifford is an
eminent citizen of the State of Maine, is Attorney
General of the United States, and a member of the
President's Cabinet. They will bear with them to
Mexico a copy of tho treaty, with the amendments
of the Senate, duly ratified by the President of the
United States, and have been invested, either jointly
or severally, with full powers to exchange ratifica-
tions with the proper Mexican authorities.
"That this final act may be speedily accomplished,
and that the result may be a sincere and lasting
peace and friendship between the two republics, is
the ardent desire of the President and the people of
the United States."
The other letter from tho Secretary of State wa3
addressed to the jointcommissioners, Messrs. Sevier
and Clifford. In it the object of their mission was
thus strictly defined:
"You are not sent to Mexico for the purpose of
negotiating any new treaty, or of changing in any
manner the ratified treaty which you will bear with
you. None of the amendments adopted by the Sen-
ate can berejected or modified except by the author-
ity of that body. Your whole duty, then,.will con-
sist in using every honorable effort to obtain from
the Mexican Government a ratification of the treaty
in the form in which it has been ratified by the Sen-
ate; and this with the least practicable delay." *
* * * "Yourmission isconfinedto procuring
a ratification from the Mexican Government of the
treaty as it came from the Senate."
Nevertheless, to provide for a contingency which
might occur, the instructions continue thus:
" Should you find it impossible, after exhausting
every honorable effort for this purpose, to obtain
a ratification from the president and Congress of
Mexico of the treaty as it has been amended by the
Senate, it may then become necessary for you, in
conversation with the proper Mexican authorities,
to express an opinion as to what portion of the
Senate's amendments they might probably be will-
ing to yield for the sake of restoring peace between
the two republics."
The very earnest solid*«:de for the definite con-
summation of the treaty manifested by the Secretary
of State in both these letters, and most especially in
the passage last quoted, presents a striking contrast
to the spirit pervading the letter of recall from the
same hand, written less than five months before.
It brings into strong relief the high value to which
the result attending Mr. Trist's mission has risen in
the estimation of our Executive in the interven-
ing period, and even in the short portion of it—just
one month—which had elapsed since the arrival of
the treaty at ..Washington and the delay there-
upon experienced by it in being communicated to
the Senate.
It seems also to bring into yet stronger relief a
further result of that mission, whieh was soon to
disclose itself. This consisted in the course pursued
by the Mexican Government, (by the Congress no
less than the Executive;) by which the anxieties ex-
pressed in those two letters were speedily dissipated.
That course constituted a conclusive proof that the
"state of affairs " truly existing in Mexico, with icf-
erence to the purpose of Mr. Trist's miction, r,',n-
such as to afford no better grounds ior anxiety about
the ratification of the treaty then than at the time
of his recall it had afforded for the ** belief" whieh.
in the President's message to the Senate, February
22, 1847, was stated to have "dictated " that recall,
tho words of the President upon this pome being:
"1 deem it my duty to state that the recall of Mr.
Trist as commissioner of the United States, of which
Congress was informed in my last annual message,
was dictated by the belief that his continued pres-
ence with the army could be productive of no good,
but might do much harm," &c.
Upon the subject of« ratification Mr. Trist, in his
dispatch, February 2,1848, transmitting the treaty,
had written:
" With respect to the ratification of tho treaty, I
believe the chances to be very greatly in its favor."
* * * * "The elections are yet to be held in
the States of Vera Cruz and Puebla. In tho former
the puros (war party) never had any strength what-
ever; in the latter not enough to counteract a vig-
orous and concerted effort on the partof the modera-
do$. These elections will now speedily take place
under the arrangements for facilitating them which
will be entered into in pursuanceof the second arti-
cle of the treaty, (inserted with a special view to
this object,) and the result will, according to every
probability, give to the peace party in Congress a
preponderance so decided as to insure its prompt
ratification."
Ten days later, his dispatch No. 2D, February 12,
1848, transmitting the maps referred to in the fifth
article of tho treaty, closes with these words:
"I take great pleasure in stating that the proba-
bilities of the ratification of tho treaty by Mexico,
which were previously very good, have been grow-
ing stronger and stronger every hour for several days
past, and that there is good reason to believe that it
may taike place within two months of this date.
"In the accompanying Monitor Iiepublicano of
the 11th instant will bo found the circular ot' the
minister of relations to the Governors of States,
informing them of the signature of the treaty."
These anticipations of Mr. Trist, both as to the
results of the election in augmenting the preponder-
ance already acquired by tho peace party in Con-
gress. and as to the nsowhieh would bo made of this
preponderance, were soon verified to the veryletter
and fap beyond it.
Intelligence reaching Mexico that the Senate of
the United States were engaged in making amend-
ments to the treaty, all action of the Mexican Gov-
ernment in regard to its ratification was suspended
until the amendments so madeshould become known.
They became so officially by the letter of the Secre-
tary of State of the United States, March 18, to the
minister of relations. Upon its receipt by hira, tho
treaty, as ratified by the Government of the United
States, with the amendments of our Senate, was laid
before the Mexican Congress, both houses of which
must advise and consent to a treaty before it can bo
ratified. First taken up in the chamberof deputies,
it was adopted there by a large majority; then in
the senate, it passed that body by a vote of 33 yeas
to 5 nays.
Thus was the question of ratification of the treaty,
as amended by our Senate, definitely settled. Thus
was it settled, by tho spontaneous action of the
Mexican Congress, this action terminating by that
vote in the senate, of 33 yeas to 5 nays, on the 25th
of May, 1848, just one month, and thirteen days afrer
the expiration of the "two months" which, on the
12th of February, Mr. Trist had assigned for this
action upon the treaty in its primitive form.
This definitive ratification took place before our
joint commissioners could reach Queretaro, the scat
of the Mexican Government. Thusfardid theevent
fall short of verifying the apprehension expressed
by our Secretary of State, lest they "should find it
impossible, after exhausting every honorable effort
for this purpose, to obtain a ratification." Thus tar
did those commissioners find themselves, from tho
necessity, " in conversation with the proper Mexican
authorities, to express an opinion as to what portion
of the Senate's amendments they might probably
be willing to yield for the sake of restoring peace
between the two republics."
The first dispatch of the joint commissioners, after
reaching their destination, was as follows:
City op Queretaro,
May 15, 1848—9 o'clock p. m.
Sir: We have the satisfaction to^informyou that
we reached this city this afternoon at about five
o'clock, and that the treaty, as amended by theSen-
ate of the United States, passed the Mexican senate
about the hour of our arrival, by a vote of 33 to 5.
It having previously passed the house of deputies,
nothing now remains but to exenange the ratifica-
tions of the treaty.
At about four leagues from the city we were met
by a Mexican escort, under the command of Colonel
Herrera, and were escorted to a house prepared by
the Government for our reception. The minister of
foreign relations and the Governor of the city called
upon us and accompanied us to dinner, which they
had previously ordered. So far as the Government
is concerned, every facility and honor have been
offered us, andSenorRosa, the minister of foreign
relations, desires us to state that he feels great sat-
isfaction in meeting the ministers of peace from tho
United States.
We will write you again shortly, and more at
length, as the courier is on the point of departure.
The city appears to be in a great state of exultation :
fireworks going off and bands of music parading ia
every direction.
We have the honor, &c.,
A. H. SEVIER,
j NATHAN CLIFFORD,
jj Hon. Ja:jks Bucsaxan, Secretary of State.
ji Coil of th°joint commission sent to Mexico for tho pur-
pose of obtaining the 'ratification of the treaty by thai
(.TOvemme.it.
Pa-vl so A. H. Sevier, as commissioners
outfit   .  $0,000 00
Salary for two months and twenty-nine
days         2,250 00
Return allowance.....     2,250 00
Total for two months and twenty-nine
days' service      13,500 00
Paid to Nathan Clifford, as commission-!
er's outfit  $9,000 00
Salary for four months and ten
days..  3,256 48
Return allowance....   2,250 00
Total for four months and ten days' ser-
vice    14,506 48
Paid to R. M. Walsh, as secretary, sal-
ary for four months and ten days 
722 10
Total cost of the joint commission on
that service   $28,728 67
Remark* on the above.—In the case of Mr. Clifford,
the "return allowance" does notappearon the pub-
lic accounts as part of the cost of the joint commis-
sion, for this reason : heremainedinMexicoasenvoy
extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary from
July 28,1848, to September 0,1849, for his service in
which capacity he was paid a new "outfit," and his
"return allowance"appears in this account as fol-
lows :
Paid to Nathan Clifford, asenvoy extraordinary and
minister plenipotentiary, from July 28, 1848, to
September 6,1849, outfit...    $9,000 00
Salary for one year, one month, and eight
days,...   -    10,002 42
Return allowance.       2,250 00
$21,252 42
