1828
Tfi® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
which the Government "will lose nothing, which
will be refunded to the Government in the way
of telegraphing. It is earnestly recommended
by the Secretary of War, the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, the Governor and all the officers
of the Legislature of Dakota, and by the Legis-
lature of Dakota and everybody who knows
anything about it. It seems to me it ought to
pass without these captious objections.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President,-this enterprise
is to benefit the people of the frontier. There
are not two hundred white men to bo benefited
by it at the present time outside of the Govern-
ment employes connected with the Indian de-
partment and connected with the Army. It is
the Army, it is the Government, that must have
the use and benefit of' this telegraph line. The
Government, therefore, says to this company,
" Gentlemen, me must have the line ; we will
advance something on it, and you shall become
the owners, for we do not want to become the
original owner ; we will take a mortgage upon
it, and as soon as you have performed work
for us equal to the amount of stock we have
put in it we will turn over the line to you, and
you will be responsible for it; if it goes down
and becomes a loss, it will be a loss in your
hands; wo will secure our money and let you
operate the line." It is the Government that
must have it, and it only advances a little
money in order to secure it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It seems to
me that anybody who tries to save any amount
of money in the Treasury at the present time
is entitled to the gratitude rather than the
censure of the country. It is obvious that our
appropriations are going to exceed the esti-
mates. This question of a telegraph system
over the whole country is a large one. The
question whether the Government shall em-
bark in it or not ought not to be precipitated
by our beginning the operation now upon a
single line, even if the expenditure is no more
than thirty or forty thousand dollars. There-
fore, I hope we shall not make this enienng-
wedge on the part of the Government, com-
mencing at the present session, until the whole
subject shall be properly and fairly considered.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Indiana.
Air. MORTON. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, trays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Blair, Conklinsr, Corbott,
ilanagan, Kowler, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris. Howell,
Lewis, McDonald. Morton, Pratt, Ramsey, Hovels,
Kiec. Robertson, ltoss, Thayer, Williams, and Wil-
son—22.
iS—Mc^srs. Ames, Buckingham, Chandler,
Colo, Oragin, llavis, Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland. Hamilton of Texas, llowe, McCreery,
Miller, Morrill ot Vermont, Potnoroy, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Stearns, Thurraan, Vielcers, and Wil-
ley—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bnyurd, Boreman,
.Brownlow, Camoron, Carpenter, (Jasserly, Cattell,
ionton, l'erry, llill, Howard, Johnston, ICellogR,
Yates—31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time. It
was read the third time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill, and upon that
question I have a word to say. I shall occupy
the attention of the Senate but a few moments.
I wish to assign my reasons for voting «gainst
the bill.
After the rejection of the amendment which
I offered, that no part of the money appropri-
ated by this bill shall be applied to the payment
of the transportation of soldiers or officers to
or from elections in the States, or for their pay
while there, no circumstance could induce me
to vote for this bill. I would rather see no
Army of the United States than to see this bill
passed with the rejection of that amendment.
The rejection of that amendment is a solemn
proclamation to the people of the United States,
in my judgment, and I shall so treat it on this
occasion, that it is the determination of the
party in power to employ at the elections in
the States the Army or any portion of it which
they may choose to employ on such occasions.
Sir, liberty is dearer to me, and the rights of
the States and of the people of the States are
dearer to me, than the preservation of your
Army. If I had it in my power to day I would
strip the epaulettes from the shoulders of every
officer in the service, I would take off the blue
coat from every soldier of the United States,
and leave the United States without any stand-
ing army at all. Should any foreign foe dare
to attack us, there is valor enough and patriot-
ism enough in the people of the United States
to repel the invaders and to show them that
the spirit which actuated their fathers in times
of old has not forsaken the sons. We need no
army, we need no officers, we need no soldiers
to preserve the peace at home. We need least
of all officers and soldiers to attend elections
in the States.
I wish the American people to take note of
the fact that the majority of this body have by
a solemn vote rejected a proposition, deliber-
ately presented to them, forbidding the pay-
ment of expenses of transportation to or from
elections in the States, or the expenses while
there, of officers or soldiers at those elections.
What is the legitimate inference? That you
mean to do in times of profound peace what
you did under the pretense of military neces-
sity in time of war; that you intend to invade
the States with your Army, to subjugate the
will of the free people to your party behests;
that if you cannot succeed in the next presi-
dential election on an honest appeal to the
voters of the United States, you intend to wield
the military power of this Government for the
accomplishment of your political purposes.
At the other end of the avenue there sits a
man 
Mr. COLE rose.
Mr. SAULSBURY. My friend need not
be alarmed. I wilHIot detain the Senate long.
But, sir, I do not intend that you or your party
shall escape the legitimate inference from your
vote on this occasion. I hold you up, and I
hold your action up to the American people,
that they may take warning from your action
on this particular amendment. It is time for
the freemen of the United States, if there be
any freemen left in it, to take warning and to
make a note in advance of what is your determ-
ination in case you cannot succeed by legiti-
mate, proper means at the next presidential
election:.
I was about to remark when I saw the acting
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
rise upon his feet, that at the ot-her ehd of the
avenue there sits a man whom I believe my
party has not given credit to for ability at least
in one respect; a man with very little culture;
a man with very little reading; a man who
knows but little of the history of hiscountry or
the history of free institutions; a man perhaps
regardless of free institutions, and thought-
less and heedless of the consequences of his
action; but yet a man of indomitable will; a
man of undoubted personal courage. Sir, when
the House of Representatives shall meet to
count the electoral vote, if it be found that
your party has not succeeded, and by throwing
out the electoral votes of three or four of the
southern States upon an allegation of fraud,
so easily made, as easily made as it is to get
up the hue and cry of Kuklux, he will be
found the willing instrument to employ this
Army, to whose support you are appropriating
this money, to aid in his own establishment
for four years to come in the seat of power.
Sir, I wish to serve notice now upon our
political opponents that if we, by a fair and
legitimate vole of the people of the United
States, succeed in the next presidential elec-
tion, we intend to inaugurate the man that we
elect. Though war may blast the country,
though every neighborhood may run knee-deep
iriblood, if we succeed,we intend to inaugurate
our President. We have got gallant soldiers,
too, who have given evidence of their valor
upon the field of battle. If you mean to em-
ploy this Army for any such purpose as that,
or to interfere with the rightful exercise of
the sufffage by the people of the States at the
polls, we serve notice upon you, that that will
be no war in defense of the flag; you cannot
say then that the flag has been fired upon, and
appeal to Democrats- to fight your battles.
No, sir, we will meet you—
"With flaming brand and bow,
As foeman meets his deadliest foe/'
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Delaware
has had his tilt at the windmill. Now let us
have a vote.
Mr. SAULSBURY. That is such a remark
as I should expect from that source.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill, upon which
the yeas and nays have been demanded.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
MESSAGE FKOM THU IIOUSB.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the following bills :
A bill (H. R. No. 266) for the relief of
Abrain G. Snyder, of the Watervliet arsenal,
at West Troy, New York ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1630) granting a pension
to Tuscannah Snyder;
A bill (H. R. No. 1831) to confirm the title
to the rancho del Rio Grande, in New Mex-
ico, to the heirs and legal representatives of
the original grantees thereof;
A bill (II. R. No. 2304) granting a pension
to Anthony D. Havely;
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint reso-
lutions :
A bill (S. No. 548) for the relief of Bless-
ington Rutledge;
A bill (S. No. 1266) to create an additional
land district in the Territory of Washington;
A bill (S. No. 901) granting a pension to
Elizabeth A. Spurgeon;
A bill (S. No. 923) granting a pension to
Leann Cox ;
A bill (S. No. 936) granting a pension to
Hiram R. Rhea;
A bill (S. No. 974) for the relief of Nancy
S. Ledford;
A bill (S. No. 1005) granting a pension to
Julia Traynor;
A bill (S. No. 1087) granting a pension to
Mary B. Collins;
A bill (S. No. 1161) for the relief of Rox-
alana W. Sawyer;
A bill (S. No. 1240) granting a pension to
Adam D. Myers;
A bill (S. No. 1S09) granting a pension to
Martha J. Willey;
A bill (S. No. 1061) for the relief of W. B.
Carpenter;
A bill (S. No. 1214) for the relief of Charles
T. Jackson, M. D., of Boston ;
A bill (S. No. 1241) to adjust and fix the
compensation of the assistants- employed in the
Library of Congress.
A bill (S. No. 1272) to correct an error in
the passage ot an act entitled '• An act for the
relief ol the officers and crew of the ship Night-
ingale," approved June 1, 1870 ;
A bill (S. No. 1302) to incorporate the Mu-
tual Gas Company of the District of Columbia ;
kiU (S. No. 851) granting a pension to
Ulive Coombs;
A bill (S. No. 1371) granting a pension to
Ellis H. Haines;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 190). to com-
pensate John L. Miles, late second lieutenant
