1216
fcHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
Total paid to N. Clifford for one year, Ave mdrithSi
and eighteen days, in the two cap:tcHio«, $33,508 90
Add contingent expenses for *oh  year, one
month, and eight days : $740 02
Add salary of secretary for one year,
one month, and eightdays .....2,207 77
  2,947 7?
Total cost of service of N. Clifford in both
capacities     $36,456 (
Mr. CAMERON. I Wag a member qf the
Senate'of the United States at the time this
treaty was ratified, with Mr. Benton and Mr.
Reverdy Johnson. I remember the facts stated
in that report. They are fresh to my memory
because of other circumstances. One was a
conversation with Mr. Buchanan on the sub-
ject of sending out Mr. Trist. I remember
very well the words he used then ; I thought
them remarkable: "I shall send out a mes-
senger to make a treaty, or not, just as 1
am disposed, and I am rather disposed now
to have a treaty." I inquired who the mes-
senger would be, and he said "Mr. Trist,
the chief clerk." Mr. Trist went to Mexico
and made the treaty. It was well understood
in the Senate that the treaty when made was
not favored by Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Polk.
They desired to have the war continue longer ;
they desired to get some more territory. The
Senate thought we had territory enough and
should gain a great deal more by closing the
war; and therefore the Senate ratified the
treaty.
Mr. SUMNER. And I would add, Mr.
President, that I have known a good deal of
Mr. Trist during the last ten or fifteen years.
He is poor and a patriot. I do not know that
I need add any more. It seems to me the
case is very clear indeed. The service was
rendered; it was a very great service, a signal
service, and he never has received compensa-
tion for it. The committee simply propose to
give him the compensation which was given to
other ministers at the time, to his immediate
predecessors and to his successors.
Mr. CAMERON. I ought to add that I
have known Mr. Trist very long. He had the
reputation always of being a very pure man
and a Wan of great talents. He is so recog-
nized now by all those who know him, a man
of much higher ability than any of the other
gentlemen who went out as commissioners to
close that war—a man of very extraordinary
ability.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I think now
I understand this claim. If the Senate is dis-
posed to vote a handsome sum of money to
every man who is poor and patriotic, I am for
that rule and will ask you to take up my claim
next, [Laughter.] That is the ground upon
which this-ciaim rests now, I understand. If
it is put upon any other ground you cannot
very well vote for it unless you mean to con-
demn the whole action of this Government
from 1848 down to this time. If you put it
upon the ground that he earned this money at
that time, then when you pay it you have got to
confess that jou have defrauded him through
all these years and you have got to stultify him
also, because through all these years he has
not asked for this compensation.
Mr. President, the facts are simply these:
this gentleman was sent out under a certain
commission and upon a certain rate of pay to
negotiate a treaty. He labored in that cause
until his Government ordered him to return,
and they paid him up to that date. Now it is
proposed, he staying there in defiance of his
Government after the order was issued, to not
only raise his salary to that of a full minister
from (hat time on, but to go back to the com-
mencement of his service, and give him that
full salary, and not only that, but to extend
the salary for several months after his labors
were terminated. His labors terminated in
February; his treaty, whatever it was, was
negotiated then. He stayed there afterward;
he stayed there till he ran away to avoid arrest)
and it is proposed 
Mr. pARPENTER. Allow me to inquire
what was he arrested for 1 To stop his salary ?
Mr. HOWE. The report is silent on that
point; but it says that he left to avoid arrest.
The report states that his treaty was concluded
in February, and yet they propose to continue
this salary up to the 8th of April. I shall not
vote to pay but a very small part of this money.
I must say it is establishing a precedent which
I fear the Senator from Massachusetts will not
be willing to follow. There have been several
treaties negotiated. I have heard of one nego-
tiated for the acquisition of some islands, two
I think down in the Gulf, and one over in the
Pacific ocean.
Mr. DAVIS. San Domingo?
Mr. HOWE. I do not know but that that
is the name of one of them, [laughter,] or part
of one of them. If we establish this precedent
how long will it be before those distinguished
negotiators come in here and claim a quantum
meruit for the negotiation of each one of those
treaties? I wish the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to see what sort of a precedent he is
establishing.
Mr. SUMNER. I do see the precedent,
and I accept it entirely. The compensation
extends to the period of his arrival in Wash-
ington, when his relation to the Government
terminated. It is for service actually rendered.
I call it a quantum meruit, using the technical
term; and if there ever was a quantum meruit
in our diplomatic history it is there. Few have
rendered more important service. The treaty
is one of the most signal in our history. It
was a treaty of peace; it was a treaty of acqui-
sition, and it was carried through by the energy
and character of this person.
Mr. CARPENTER. In defiance of the
Government.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says " in defi-
ance of the Government." He is right; it
was in defiance of the Government.
Mr. CARPEN I'ER. Now, let me ask the
Senator from Massachusetts what he thinks
of establishing such a precedent in the diplo-
matic service. A man is sent out by the State
Department to perform a specified duty. He
is ordered to come home. He snaps his fin-
gers in the face of the Government, stays six
months, goes on exercising the functions of
an office far higher than that to which he was
ever appointed, then comes back and cotaes
to Congress and asks to be paid the salary of
that higher grade of office than the one which
he went out in, and that for six months after
the Government repudiated him and tried to
get him home, and finally only got him home
by arresting him.
Mr. SUMNER. Given such a case as this,
and I should like to see the precedent followed
again. All the facts we are speaking of are
historic; and there is no one who is not grate-
ful to him that he did not come home and that
he proceeded with the negotiation of the treaty.
It was a signal service that he rendered. He
came home with the treaty in his pocket, and
the treaty was afterward adopted by the Sen-
iate. It was an occasion where he assumed a
very great personal responsibility, but it is a
responsibility which history has vindicated.
I am at a loss to understand the argument
of my excellent friend, the Senator from Wis-
consin on my right, [Mr. Howe.] Here was
a service rendered. Shall it not receive the
compensation due to such service? It was
patriotic, and therefore calculated to enlist our
sympathies. The Senator says that the argu-
ment is founded on his being a patriot. The
argument is founded on the service rendered.
We pay for what he did. The Senator inquires,
then, why this was not presented at an earlier
date. I can answer that fully. The Senator
knows the history of our country well, and that
after the close of the war with Mexico, under
the Administrations that ensued, there was no
chance for the compensation of a person in
Mr. Trist's situation. Then came the war of
the rebellion. During the first year of that
war he called npon me and stated his case.
He was very patriotic. He said that he felt he
had this claim on the Government, and that
he was poor, but that he should not press it
during the war. He had the flag so much at
heart, he was so much interested in it and in
its triumphs, that he would not interpose at
that time any personal claim of his own. It
was after the war was closed that he came here
as a petitioner; and the committee, consider-
ing his petition, taking into consideration all
the facts of the case, the signal service ren-
dered, recognizing the very tacts to which the
Senator from Wisconsin on my left [Mr. Car-
penter] refers, but regarding them as part of
the case in his favor, came to the conclusion
which is expressed in the bill. I hope there
will be no objection to it, and that this old
public servant, who has rendered such service,
may, before his days are closed—and he has
not many now—be gratified by receiving this
recognition of his services.
Mr. HOWE and Mr. THURMAN addressed
the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair recog-
nizes the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. HOWE. I only wished to add one word
to what 1 have already said.
Mr. THURMAN'. It was not my purpose
to say a word on this subject, because I did
not wish to interfere with the passage of the
bill reported by the Committee on Foreign
Relations; but since it has given rise to de-
bate, I beg leave to say a very few words
upon it.
In the first place, it seems to me that noth-
ing can be clearer than that Mr. Trist is not
entitled to any compensation on account of
his own merits or conduct. I think this is the
first instance that I have ever seen, perhaps
the only one in the world's history, in which
a Government agent, after his powers were
recalled, saw fit to sethis Government at deti-
ance, and without any more authority than any
private individual in the country, to assume
the mighty responsibility of making a treaty
of peace that was to put an end to a war
between his own country and a foreign Power.
I do not think that in all .the history of this
world there ever was such assumption before.
Those who were in Congress at that time,
as were my friend, the senior Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] and myself, will recol-
lect that nothing was more unpalatable to our
Government thau that treaty, because the Gov-
ernment, although it desired peace, although
it had sent Mr. Trist there iu the hope that lie
might negotiate a peace, yet believed that it
was possible to obtain a more advantageous
treaty than that which was actually negotiated.
Mr. Trist and General Scott quarreled. Their
quarrel became extremely bitter. General
Scott probably wished to negotiate the treaty
himself, or at least thought he could get better
terms than those that Mr. Trist was willing to
accept. They quarreled. The Government
recalled Mr. Trist, and finally actually sent
him home under something like an arrest; not
perhaps an actual, but a nominal or technical
arrest.
Now, the only ground upon which this bill
can be maintained for one moment, if that is
sufficient, is, it seems to me, this: that not-
withstanding his assumption, notwithstanding
he did that which perhaps in almost any other
country would have subjected him to punish-
ment, yet the Government did adopt his act.
That is the only ground npon which you ean
put it; that the Government adopted his act;
that it condoned his offense ; and not only
condoned his offense but took advantage of
what he did. And now, Senators, if you think
that is sufficient to justiliy the payment, let
it be so : but do not put it on the ground
that you will pay a man a quantum meruit who
has set his own Government at defiance, and,
above all, a diplomatic agent who has set his
own Government at defiance and undertaken
the high function of negotiating a treaty of
