1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1217
peace which was to put an end to a war con-
trary to the wishes of his Government and con-
trary to the views of his Government. If you
think that inasmuch as the Government did
afterward ratify his act, condone his offense,
and take the benefit of his work, therefore he
ought to be paid, pay him.
Mr. HOWE. I rose the second time sub-
stantially to say what the Senator from Ohio
has just now said. I ought to have said it when
I was on the floor first.
This gentleman went out to Mexico under a
contract with his Government, by which he
agreed to work for so much. For this business
of negotiation the Government agreed to pay
so much. He worked up to November, and
the Government paid him on that contract.
Then the Government attempted to put an end
to the contract and ordered him home. He
staid in defiance of the order; he continued to
work up to the 2d of February in this same
business, and then concluded his work. The
Government adopted his work; and now I
think the Government ought to pay the con-
tract price up to the time that be continued in
the work which it accepted. But to raise his
pay during the whole time, and to continue it
long after he ceased to work at all, is not only
in defiance of all the rules of justice that I
know anything about, but is in defiance of
more statutes which are intended to prevent
increasing salaries or making additional com
pensations than I know of upon any one sub
ject in the statute-book. There are numerous
statutes of the kind.
Mr. FOWLER. I rise to correct what I
regard as an error that has been stated to-day
in reference to the history of this matter.
When Mr. Trist went to Mexico it was
understood that he was to be very careful in
regard to the intercourse he should have with
General Scott. This was owing to information
which our Executive had received from Mex-
ico from a certain individual there, whose
name I will not mention now. Mr. Trist fell
under disfavor with the Administration. He
acted on the most cordial and intimate terms
with General Scott, and it was for that reason
that he fell under the disfavor of the Admin-
istration ; and through the assistance of Gen-
eral Scott that treaty was concluded. It was
accepted by the Government. His work was
received by the Government; it was a patriotic
work, and was so regarded by General Scott,
and so regarded by the whole country at the
time. Mr. Trist, although under the disfavor
of the Administration, performed a labor which
they sent him there to perform, and which was
satisfactory to them by the fact that they adopt-
ed it. I think it would be in bad faith, and
not only dishonest but dishonorable, for the
Government now or at any time to refuse to
pay for a service which it had accepted.
Mr. SUMNER. That is it; that is the
case.
Mr. FOWLER. We know very well that
the cause of the disfavor was on account of
information which the President received from
an individual in Mexico, who was hostile to
General Scott. It was presumed that Mr.
Trist would act with that person and that they
two should conclude a treaty, and that Gen-
eral Scott should have nothing to do with it.
It turned out otherwise, and this happened to
be the reason of the disfavor of Mr. Trist with
the Administration at the time. I rose to cor-
rect the statement made by the Senator from
Ohio in reference to that matter.
As has been stated, Mr, Trist is a most
worthy man, and he lias long and faithfully
served the country. His family are in very
reduced circumstances, and the very relation-
ship that they sustain to this country would
prevent me fro-m voting against this appropria-
tion, even if it were without service, for this
country owes a debt of gratitude not only to
Mr. Jefferson but even to his posterity, which
it never will repay. The country, and human-
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 77.
ity itself, owes a debt to him as the most dis-
tinguished man of the era in which he lived,
and the man who has rendered humanity
greater service than any American orany man
in modern times.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that this is
a proposition to pay $13,000 and interests 
Mr. 1HURMAN. If there is to be any
more work done to-night, I hope the Senator
from Wisconsin will withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays. It will break up the session.
Mr. HOWE. There is a quorum here, I
think.
Mr. CONKLING. We ought to have the
yeas and nays on this bill, any way.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to know whether
the $13,000 includes all the interest, or whether
it is $13,000 and interest on the $13,000 that
we are to pay.
Mr. SUMNER. There is interest only on
what he actually paid, and interest from the
time of the presentation of his petition to Con-
gress.
Mr. CORBETT. When was that?
Mr. SUMNER. A few months ago. The
question of interest was considered carefully
in the committee, and though we thought he
might have a claim for that, and that a gen-
erous republic would allow it, we concluded
against it, allowing interest only from the pre-
sentation of the petition.
Mr. HOWE. 1 think, looking over the con-
dition of the Senate, I will withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senator will
not do that. 'The fact that the Senate is thin
is no reason why a bill should pass which would
not pass upon the yeas and nays and should
not pass. It seems to me this bill ought not
at all to receive the consideration of the Sen-
ate; a claim unfounded to begin with, stale
and outlawed as between individuals, before
ever being presented, and supported now upon
arguments, as I understand, merely persuasive,
merely addressed to the compassion or com-
miseration of the Senate. I agree with the
Senator from Ohio, who said that this was a
most extraordinary instance; and it is to suc-
ceed, if at all, upon the principle that rebel-
lions and rebels succeed. A man who is a
rebel, if he fails, dies, and dies a rebel. If he
succeeds, he triumphs and somebody may call
him a patriot.
This man attempted a most presumptuous
and doubtful duty. The treaty which he made
happened to be accepted; but that does not
affect the principle at all, I submit; and there-
fore if the Senator from Wisconsin withdraws
the call for the yeas and nays I shall feel bound
to renew it. If the suggestion is that the result
will be to break up a quorum, the honorable
Senator who is occupying the attention of the
Senate can let this bill be passed by until the
Senate is full, and proceed with other and
uncontested business. But I do not think this
claim should go through merely for fear of
breaking up a quorum.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of the bill; upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I propose that this bill
be laid over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, it will be passed over.
Mr. HOWE. There is a quorum present.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; let the call of
the yeas and nays proceed, then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will call the yeas and nays on the passage of
the bill.
The question being token by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 13 ; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low, Cameron, Casserly, Cragin, Davis, Fentoli, Flail-
agan, lowter, Harlan, Hill, Nye, Patterson, Pom-
eroy, Ramsey, Boss, Stockton, Sumner, Thayer,
Viokers, Warner, and Wilson—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman. Carpenter, Chandler,
Cole, Coukling. Corbett, Hamilton of Maryland,
Howe. Pratt, Sawyer, Scott, Thurman, and Tin-
ton—13.
ABSENT —Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Buckingham,
Cattell, Edmunds. Ferry .Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harris, Howard,Howell, Johnston, Kellogg,
^ ?,w 1 s c C r c e r y. McDonald, Morrill ofMaine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Pool, Revels, Rice,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Seburz, Sherman, Spencer,
Sprague, Stearns, Stewart, Trumbull, Willey, Wil-
liams, and Yates—36.
So the bill was passed.
TELEGRAPHS TO FOREIGN" COUNTRIES.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed with House bill No. 2591, relating
to telegraphic communications between the
United States and foreign countries.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
2591) relating to telegraphic communication
between the United States and foreign coun-
tries. The first section declares that all com-
munication established, or that may hereafter
be established, between the United States and
any foreign country by means of telegraphic
or magnetic lines or cables laid in any part
thereof, in and over the waters, reefs, islands,
shores, and lands within the jurisdiction of
the United States, shall be subject to the fol-
lowing conditions, stipulations, and reserva-
tions: First. The Government of the United
States shall be entitled to exercise and enjoy
the same or similar privileges with regard to
the control and use of any such line or cable
that may, by law, agreement, or otherwise, be
exercised and enjoyed by any foreign Govern-
ment whatever. Second. Citizens of the Uni-
ted States shall enjoy the same privileges as to
the payment of rates for the transmission of
messages as are enjoyed by the citizens of the
most iavored nations. Third. The transmis-
sion of dispatches shall be made in the follow-
ing order: I, Dispatches of State, under such
regulations as may be agreed upon by the Gov-
ernments interested. 2. Dispatches on tele-
graphic service. 3. Private dispatches. 4, The
lines of any suck eables shall be kept Open to
the public for the daily transmission of market
and commercial reports and intelligence, and
all messages, dispatches, and communications
shall be forwarded in the order in which they
are received, except as hereinbefore provided.
5. Before extending and establishing any such
line or cable in or over any waters, reefs,
islands, shores, and lands within the jurisdic-
tion of the United States a written acceptance
of the terms and conditions imposed by the act
shall be filed in the office of the Secretary of
State by the company, corporation, or party
proposing to establish telegraphic communica-
tion. Theseeond section declares that, subject
to the foregoing conditions, stipulations, and
reservations, and subjectto such grants as have
heretofore been made by Congress to lay and
maintain telegraphic cables from the shores
of the United States, the consent of Congress
is given to the laying and maintaining of tele-
graphic or magnetic lines or cables between
the United States and foreign countries, in
and over the waters, reefs, islands, shores,
and lauds within the jurisdiction x>f the United
States. The third section provides that any
person connected with any company engaged
in the transmission of news to foreign coun-
tries who shall, contrary to his duty, disclose
or in any way make known or intercept" the
contents of any message or any part thereof,
and any person who shall injure or destroy any
cable or other property of the company, or
interfere with the working, repair, or use of
any cable or line connected with such cable,
shall, upon conviction thereof, be subject to a
line not exceeding $>5,0Q0 or to imprisonment
for a term not exceeding three years, and the
party injured thereby shall have a right of
action for damages. It is to be the duty of
