'3218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
the Attorney General to prosecute all persons
offending against any of the provisions of the
act in any district court of the United States.
The Committee On Foreign Relations report-
ed the bill with an amendment, to iosert at
the end of the first section the following:
Sixthly. It shall not be lawful for two or more-com-
panies to consolidate or unite their interests wif li-
mit the eonscnt of the Postmaster General of {he
Unlted States, and upon such terms as he may determ-
ine. If any two or more such companies have
combined, or shall combine, to fix the rates of com-
pensation for messages, it shall be the duty ol the
Postmaster General, in the absence of-an interna-
tional convention regulating the matter, to determ-
ine such rates and to establish such rules and regu-
lations with regard to them as he may judge neces-
sary ; and the exercise of these powers shall be sub-
ject to the control of Congress, and be applicable
to,existing cables as well as those hereafter estab-
lished.
Mr. COLE. 1 move that this bill be post-
poned, and that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the appropriation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not. I hope the
Senator will allow a vote to be taken on this
bill. I doubt whether there will be any debate
upon it.
Mr. COLE. I think it very evident that it
will be debated.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the Senator aware that
this bill has been considered very carefully in
the committees of the two Houses? It has
been in its present form substantially before
the Committee on Foreign Relations for two
years. It has been before the committee of
the other House, and has now passed the
other House. It is in its nature a code or
system of regulations governing, cables, and it
is very important that something of this kind
should be adopted by Congress. There is a
necessity for it. I hope, therefore, that he will
interpose no objection now, but will allow
action to be taken on this bill.
Mr. COLE. I have no disposition to debate
it myself.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; then let us
vote.
Mr. COLE. But other Senators have a
disposition in that direction, and I think in so
thin a Senate it would be hardly right to dis-
pose of so important a bill as this, which reg-
ulates telegraphic communication between this
and all other countries.
Mr. SUMNER. If this bill had not been
carefully considered I should not press it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves, as the Chair understands, to
postpone the further consideration of this bill,
for the purpose of considering the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir ; that is my motion.
Mr. BAYARD. I sincerely trust that no
obstacle will be thrown in the way of the con-
sideration of this measure. The appropriation
bills have time yet for their discussion, and
there is no question that they will be passed
in due season and thoroughly considered. I
doubt very much whether a measure more im-
portant to the business interests of this coun-
try will be considered at the present session
than the one just reported to the Senate. I
do not think it ought to give way, and if
weighed in the scale of importance it certainly
will not give way to any other measure. If it
would be proper in me at this time to speak-
of it, I would say that I believe some general
measure that shall permit the capital which
stands ready to invest itself in enterprises of
this character to be so expended is impera-
tively demanded; and while I concur in the
good sense of the amendment reported to the
bill by the committee, yet at the same time I
think it would be wise if we could adopt now
the measure of the House, so that by our vote
this afternoon it would become a law, and
measures looking to the perfection of the sys-
tem could readily be adopted by a subsequent
Congress.
I have been made aware, and probably nearly
all the members of this body have been made
aware that the enterprises of interoceanic tel-
egraphs have been delayed by a fear, whether
well or ill founded, on the part of foreigners,
that there might be some interference with this
system of communication by the Government
of the United States. If there shall be. there-
fore, an intimation to the world in the shape
of some geueral law. whether as perfect as we
might desire it or not, that the United States
intend to encourage enterprises of this char-
acter, and to facilitate as many, and as many
competing lines of international telegraph as
the business of the country will warrant, I
think great good will have been accomplished.
There has been heretofore a monopoly.
The one telegraph that we have had here-
tofore, until within a year past, was one with
both ends of the line upon British soil. What
American could contemplate such a fact as
that in ease of a difficulty with any European
Power? The termini of our one ocean tele-
graph were upon English soil until the French
cable was laid. The French cable was laid,
and laid in the face of threats and intimida-
tions proceeding from our own Government,
I am sorry to say, which almost defeated the
enterprise. However, it was laid. There
never was a law to interfere with it; there
never was a constitutional power to interfere
with it; but nevertheless the exercise of some
such power was intimated, was threatened;
but fortunately the line was completed, and
extended to the shores of this country.
It is now very well known that those two
lines of telegraph, the original English line
and the French line, have combined; they are
to-day in the hands of the same' company;
and I do say that when we know that there
are other lines that seek to compete with them
so as to render this telegraphic system open
to competition, to free trade in th'e way of com-
munication, Congress ought not to hesitate to
express its wishes that such enterprises should
succeed. There is an excellent opportunity
offered for this by the present bill. I trust,
therefore, not only that this bill will not be
postponed to any other, because I think there
can be none other more important, but that
the amendment proposed by the Committee on
E'oreign Relations may for the present not be
adopted. My only object is to facilitate the
passage of the general measure.
Mr. NYE. 1 should like to ask the honor-
able Senator a question.
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. Is there anything in this bill
which provides what the cost shall be for send-
ing so many words?
Mr. BAYARD. I do not think there is, and
I do not think there ought to be.
Mr. NYE. I do. That is the difference
between us; and I shall propose such an
amendment, and I desire to say a word in
explanation. The moment that this one cable
failed, which, it is now generally understood,
they broke themselves——
Mr. CASSBRLY. If the Senator from Del-
aware will allow me, I should like to answer
the quesiion of the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware now yields to the Senator
from California.
Mr. CASSERLY. The whole subject of
charges is retained by this bill in the discre-
tion of the Postmaster General, subject to the
ultimate control of Congress. It seems to me
that nothing in the way of security on that sub-
ject can be more complete than that which
this bill gives.
Mr. COLE. I supposed there would be 110
expectation of passing this bill to-night when
I made the pending motion, which was for
the purpose of having the appropriation bill
the unfinished business for to-morrow morn-
ing. If there can be a vote on this bill of
course I do not wish to stand in the way of its
passage; but I really did not suppose that
there was an intention or expectation to put
it through to-night.
Mr. NYE. I hope the honorable Senator
from California will not forget that the Com-
mittee on Territories, though quite an unim-
portant committee, have some very important
business to present to morrow, which was
assigned to them.
Mr. COLE. I hope their business, if it gets
to the attention of the Senate, will be a great
deal more important than the business of the
committee that has had the attention of the
Senate this afternoon.
Mr. NYE. We have no private claims to
present.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have a vote on this
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California withdraws his motion; and the ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Foreign Relations to the pend-
ing bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts whether he docs not
consider that it would be practicable to pass
this bill and make it a law by our assent to
what the House proposes? If we adopt these
amendments, which I think are exceedingly
sensible, which, I do not doubt, will be really
beneficial additions to the system, it necessa-
rily sends the bill back to the House for their
concurrence. The great object now is some
expression by the Government of the United
States that they do not intend to interfere with
these investments of capital by private enter-
prise.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say to the Senator
that the amendment of the committee is one
which we knew in advance had the sanction
of the committee in the other House, if I may
refer to that, and I do not think there can be
any objection to it. I have seen the gentle-
man of the other House who reported this
bill, and I understood from him there was 110
objection to it. I also saw the chairman of the
committee.
Mr. BAYARD. If the honorable Senator
does not think it will risk the passage of the
bills of course I shall not object to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I think not, because I
should be unwilling to risk the passage of
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Iftherebeno
objection the amendments of the committee
will be regarded as agreed to; and they are
agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I move to amend this bill by
adding that there shall not be any greater sum
charged for the transmission of ten words be-
tween this country and the shore of any other
than five dollars in gold.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
send the amendment up to the desk if he has
it in writing? The Senate understands the
amendment, however. It is to make the
maximum charge five dollars in gold for the
transmission of a message of ten words.
Mr. SUMNER. I should hesitate to intro-
duce that into this bill. It seems to me it is
going too far. We have in the bill already
the following provision :
Citizens of the United States shall enjoy the sarno
privileges as to the payment of rates tor the trans-
mission of messages as are enjoyed by the citizens
of the most i&vored nations.
Therefore, we are only to pay what others
pay on the other side; we arc as well oiT as
they are on the other side, and is not that in
itself a protection? It seems to me that it
is, looking at it commercially. I fear that if
the amendment ot my friend should prevail it
would embarrass the bill. The bill is an ex-
cellent one. It is one that is needed. It meets
an exigency. Persons everywhere are anxious
for it. I know, from personal appeals to me
from correspondents and what is said by gen-
tlemen of the other House, where this bill has
passed, that there is a prevailing desire that this
