1871.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1831
Appropriations was to reduce the appropria-
tion for contingent expenses of the Bureau of
Provisions and Clothins, in line four hundred
and sixty-three, from $7o.000 to $50,000.
Mr. CHAGiN. I hope this amendment will
not prevail, and I only wish to read from the
same communication a few lines more:
"The appropriation for contingencies for Bureau
of Provisions and Clothing lias been reduced irora
$75,000 to $50,000. One hundred thousand doljais
was appi opn ated for the fisca i year 1869, and toTo.OOO
cnch tor the fiscal years ending in 1870 and X87J. The
amount expended on account of this appropriation
for the. fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, was $83,707.
It is submitted that serious embarrassment may be
caused by the redaction of this appropriation in fit-
ting out. vessels and supplying our vessels on foreign
stations."
Mr. COLE. I have but a word to say. It is
seen by looking at the various items included
in the paragraph that there is great opportunity
for latitude in the expenditure, and the com-
mittee were of the opinion that a reduction to
the amount which they reported could be
accomplished by a little economy and a little
care. It will be seen that almost every thing
is included in it. even railroad tickets and tools,
mid various articles which I might enumerate.
We were pretty firmly of the opinion that
$50,000 was ample to answer any emergency
to meet that branch of expenditure.
Mr. CKAGIN. The matter that I am most
concerned about is in the first line: "for freight
and transportation to foreign and home sta-
tions." That is where most of this appropria-
tion is expended, the Government sending sup-
plies to our foreign stations; and 1 am assured
by the head of the bureau that $50,000 would
be too little. It will not be sufficient for this
purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment reported by the Committee
on Appropriations, reducing this item from
5?o.OOO to $50,000.
The question being put, there were on a divis-
ion—ayes 17, noes 13 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is certainly a quorum
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT.
have not voted.
Mr. EDMUNDS.
nays.
Mr. ANTHONY. Oh, no; why take the
yeas and nays? There is a quorum in the
Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRAG1N. I wish to state that last year
$75,000 was appropriated for this purpose, and
the year before $100,000; and that for the
year ending the 30th of June, 18(0, the actual
expenditure was $83,707, and almost the entire
amount of this item is expended in transport-
ing goods and provisions to our foreign stations
and the home vessels in the Gulf squadron, &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not really rise for
the purpose of supporting this amendment,
because I suppose that would be useless, but
to express my obligation to my friend from
Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony] for saying it
was nonsense to have the yeas and nays on
this question. I think it is highly desirable to
have the veas and nays in order to show to the
country how attentively the seventy-four Sena-
tors here attend, because on the yeas and nays
it will of course appear that the whole sev-
enty four are present. Otherwise, ill natured
newspaper reporters might think that a good
many Senators go off and do not attend to
these appropriation bills, which would be a
very improper conclusion for a newspaper man
to come' to. That is the reason why I asked
for the yeas and nays. _
Now, that I am up, I will ask the Senate
■where we are to reduce expenditures if we can-
not do it in contingencies? We have determ-
ined that we cannot reduce them on matters
of substance; and if we cannot reduce the
contingencies by making people carry freight
at a little lower rates, by being more econom-
ical in transportation, by being a little more
economical in the items enumerated, such as
Several Senators
Let us have the yeas and
inspection, ice, and incidental items, where
can \je begin? That is all there is of it. It
is a question, as 1 say, that I did not rise to
discuss, but only to state what it is.
Mr. NYE. If the presumption is that the
men who have charge of these matters do not
know about, it as well as somebody else we
may as well guess at anything. There are no
data on which any estimate is made that any of
it has been foolishly expended. I hope the
amendment will not prevail.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Abbott. Blair, Cnsserly, Cole, Cor-
bett, Edmunds, Fenton, Fowler, Gilbert. Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Ilowell, MeCreery,
Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, Rice, Saulsbury, Speneer,
Thurnian, Vickers, arid Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Chandler,
Conkling, Crngin, Ilarlan, Hill. Howard, Howe, Kel-
logg, Lewis, McDonald, Nye, Osborn, Ramsey, lloss,
Scott.Stearns, Stewart, and Warner—20.
ABSEHT—Messrs. Ames.Bayard.Boreman, Brown-
low, Cameron, Carpenter. Cattcll, Davis, Ferry. Flan-
agan, Ilamlin, Harris, Johnston, Miller, Mornll of
Maine. Morton. Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool,^Revels,
Robertson, Sawyer. Sehurz, Sherman, Sprasrue,
Stockton, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Wil-
ley, Williams, and Yates—33.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest that there are various executive mes-
sages requiring attention ; and, if there be no
objection, when the hour for the recess arrives
the Senate will proceed to the consideration
of executive business, the recess beginning at
the conclusion of the executive session.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line four hundred and
seventy-three, under the head of u Bureau of
Medicine and Surgery," to reduce the amount
appropriated "for necessary repairs of naval
laboratory, haspitals, and appendages," &c.,
from $40'. 000 to $25,000.
Mr. NYE. I hope that will not be done.
The item in the bill is according to the esti-
mate of the Department; and it seems to me
if this Department is to be crippled anywhere
it ought not to be with regard to the sick and
wounded of the Navy. I really hope the
reduction will not be made.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to call attention
to what seems to me the extraordinary mode
in which this bill is to be passed. Let us see
what is the item that is now under considera-
tion :
For necessary repairs of naval laboratory, hospi-
tals, and appendages, including roads, wharves, out-
houses, steam-heating apparatus, sidewalks, tenees,
gardens, farms, and for grading and laying oil the
grounds of the two new hospitals, $40,000.
The appropriation in the bill is $40,000 and
our committee propose to make it $25,000.
Here are half a dozen or more items appro-
priated for in gross; how much is necessary
for the one, or how much is neeessary ior the
other, we have no information whatsoever. But
this ia a small affair compared with what I
find in other parts of this bill, and, by way of
showing what it is, I ask the attention of the
Senate to the appropriation for contingent pur-
poses on page 6 of the bill. Here is an appro-
pi iation of $800,000 for contingent purposes
for one bureau in the Navy Department, and
the contingent purposes enumerated are no
less than forty-four items. How much of the
$800,000 is to be appropriated for the one, or
expended upon the one, and how much upon
the other, no mortal man can tell. I wonder
that the committee did not at once appro-
priate so many millions for the Navy. Ihey
might just as well have done it, or very nearly
so. What is the use of your law requiring
estimates, and what is the -use of the custom
of the Senate requiring items to be specifically
appropriated for, it you can cram forty-foui
items into one single appropriation, and that
ail appropriation for contingencies too, and
appropriate $800,000 for that purpose? I say
you might just as well make an appropriation
of.so many million dollars for the Navy at
once if bills are to be drawn up in this way.
If this is the manner in which the Senate is
to be informed what is needed by the Departs
raents, the sooner we abandon anything but
an appropriation in gross, the better.
I shall vote, on the question that is now
before the Senate, for the smaller sum pro-
posed. If we had some estimates for the
various items which are in this appropriation,
I might be satisfied that the higher suin is the
better one; but 1 consider it the safer course
to take, when a bill is made up in this way,
to vote for the smaller sum all the time.
Mr. COLE. The language of the bill as it
was sent to us from the other branch of this
Congress is in the exact language of the esti-
mates. I submit to the Senator from Ohio
that it would be quite impossible for the De-
partment to determine the exact amount that
will be expended upon every wharf, sidewalk,
fence, &c. It is necessary at these establish-
ments to have.certain repairs. A fence may be
blown down or torn away by accident, by a
hurricane, and to repair it would cost a certain
sum of money, which cannot be ascertained
until the work is completed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California will please suspend. The hour of
half past four having arrived," the Senate now
proceeds to the consideration of executive
business.
After twenty-five minutes spent in executive
session, the doors were reopened ; and (at four
o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.) the Senate
took a recess till half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
pardon worsley.
Mr. FENTON. I ask to have the Commit-
tee oil Claims discharged from the further
consideration of House joint resolution No.
225, with a view to putting it on its passage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Har-
lan in the chair.) If there be no objection
the motion will be considered as agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I ask to have the resolu-
tion put on its passage. It is but a few lines,
and 1 think there will be no objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution is a joint resolution (EL R. No. 225)
for the relief of Pardon Worsley.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. To that
I object.
Mr. COLE. I must insist on the regular
order.
Mr. FENTON. I ask that the objection bo
withdrawn utitil the resolution can be read.
I am sure, from my personal knowledge of the
case, that it is a perfectly meritorious one.
Mr. HAMILTON, ot' Maryland. Is not
this the resolution for the relief of Pardon
Worsley?
Mr. FENTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Iam willing
to hear it read, subject to objection, or even to
hear the explanation of the honorable Senator
from New York; but I am obliged, from a sense
of duty, to object to that measure at every stage
of its passage.
Mr. COLE. Then there can be no object in
having it read. .
Mr. FENTON. I will withdraw it for the
present and will consult with the Senator from
Maryland.
southern railroads.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 996. It
is a bill of only eight or ten hnes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER- The Senator
from Nebraska asks unanimous consent that
the Senate proceed to the consideration o the
bill (H. li- No. 996) to provide for the collec-
tion of debts due from southern railroad cor-
porations, and for other purposes. Is there
objection? The Chair hears noue. The bill
will be read. . ,
The bill was read. It is recited m the
