304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
against the decrees of God Almighty Himself by
attempting to drag down the noble white man
to the degraded level of the negro; or else,
worse and more impotent, to elevate that infe-
rior being to the proud, noble, dignified posi-
tion of the white man. That has been the mis-
sion of this party. The one great idea which
has go.verned it from its inception, and which
I suppose will continue to govern it while it
shall exist, has been war upon the fundamental
principles of the Government under which its
members were born, under which they lived,
and war upon the decrees of God Almighty,
who, until they came into power, had been the
protector, the guardian of the American peo-
ple, and who, in His wisdom and benevolence,
raised up this country to be a light and an
example to all the nations of the earth, and
who vouchsafed his guidance to that old Dem-
ocratic party which has made the country all
that it is that is glorious, which has made it
all that was noble in the past, and which, on
its reaccession to power in 1872, will, as far
as any human instrumentality can, restore the
Government to its former condition of free-
dom, happiness, and renown.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour having expired, the unfinished business
pending at the adjournment last evening is
before the Senate, being the bill revising the
laws relative to the mints.
Mr. SAWYER. I trust I shall be allowed to
have this bill passed. I think it will occasion
no further debate. I move that the unfinished
business be laid aside for the purpose of dis-
posing of this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it can be done without
objection I shall not interpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the unfinished business will be passed
over informally, subject to a call for it at any
time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This disability bill will
probably occupy some time. There is objec-
tion, and very serious objection, to removing
the disabilities of individuals, and a disposi-
tion, I think, to pass some general law 011 that
subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois object?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT, Then the mint
bill is before the Senate.
MINT LAWS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
859) revising the laws relative to the miuts,
assay offices, and coinage of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless a sepa-
rate vote be demanded, the question will be
taken on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole in gross.
Mr. COLE. I ask for a separate vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from California ask for a separate v,to on the
amendment in regard to the coinage charge?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. There is one suggestion I
wish to make. It comes under section nineteen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will still
be in order after the amendments agreed to in
Committe# of the Whole shall have been acted
upon.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment upon which a sep-
arate vote is demanded.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
Was in section twenty-five, after the words "as
follows,''" in the third line, to insert "for coin-
age,wheiher the gold and silver deposited be
coined or cast into bars or ingots, in addition
to the charge for refining or parting the metals,
three tenths of one per cent."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The otherampnd-
tnent in the same section, inserting the words
in line twelve, "other than for coinage," will
be considered at the same time, as they are
dependent upon each other. The remaining
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole will be regarded as concurred in. The
question now is on concurring in this amend-
ment, made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I shall add but
very little to what was said yesterday on this
subject, when it was pretty freely discussed by
members of the Senate. I was anxious that
the final vote on the bill should be postponed
until to-day, in order that I might present
a letter submitted to me by one of the most
distinguished officers of this Government,
received by him from probably the most skill-
ful banker upon the Pacific coast. The letter
was undoubtedly addressed by the person who
is now engaged in that business to this officer,
whose duties require his attendance constantly
in this city, because this officer was also form-
erly a banker in that city, and a very creditable
one, too.
I take it as a clear proposition that it is
desirable that as much of the gold of the world
shall be put in the form of American coins as
possible. I suppose we could get along after
a manner and transact our business without
coining any money ourselves with the stamp
of the nation upon it. Other nations put forth
coins, and possibly we might make use of them
exclusively, together with bars and ingots of
gold, in the transaction of our business. But we
have entered upon the business of coinage, and
we do it in view of several advantages that it will
be to the nation. I suppose one consideration
is, that it is desirable that the stamp of our
Republic shall appear on this commodity which
is m such common use throughout the world.
We take some pride in seeing stamped upon
the coins that are used by all nations in busi-
ness the name of our great Republic, the Uni-
ted States of America. We take pride also in
seeing stamped upon it the words, in an ancient
language, E Pluribus Umtrn, to indicate that
we are one nation out of many. We wish to
make our nation prominent among the nations
of the world, and therefore we are desirous to
put its stamp upon as many pieces of money
as possible.
Now, sir, if we impose a charge no matter
how small, if it be but one half of one per cent,
or three tenths of one per cent., on the conver-
sion of gold into coin, it will of course drive
those ingots and bars into a country, if such a
one is to be found, where this coinage can be
done free of charge, and that is the case. The
great monetary nation of the world, Great
Britain, performs this duty without any charge.
She converts bars of gold into her coins free
of all cost, free of all charge whatsoever. The
direct result of this, to a very great extent no
doubt, has been to make the capital of that
nation the money center of the world. We are
aware that most of the business transactions
of the world center in London ; and I have no
doubt that that is attributable, to a very great
degree, to the fact that England from all time
has made coinage free, and by that means, in
exchanges with other nations as well as between
other nations and Great Britain, the transac-
tions are done through London by transmitting
the precious metals to that country.
Let me illustrate this. Suppose a coinage
charge of a smull percentage were imposed in
San Francisco, and the same work were done
in New York free of expense; how clear it is
to us all that the bullion would be sent from
San Francisco to New York. The same rule'
that applies between these two neighboring
cities, as it were, applies between different
nations. The result is, that while the Amer-
ican pride, the pride that our people who own
ingots of gold have in having them converted
into American coin, has caused the transforma-
tion of .a good share, a large proportion to be
sure, perhaps half of the gold that is produced
in this country, into our gold coinage, yet there
is a great deal that goes out of the country to
England, and is put into English sovereigns.
It is the desire of our people that this shall be
stopped, and that the bullion which is thus
transmitted to a foreign country for conversion
into foreign coins shall be put into our own
coins in our own country.
Again, the abolition of this coinage charge
will result in retaining the gold in our own
country; that is to say, gold bullion will not be
sought as an article of exchange, but other
articles will be sought as articles of exchange
and will be sent out of the country to meet
balances against us. The result will be to re-
tain in our own country a large amount of gokl
that now goes abroad because of this percent-
age, which is a sufficient inducement to take
it to foreign countries for coinage.
I only rose, Mr. President, to have a portion
of the letter to which I alluded read, and did
not intend to add to the remarks which I made
yesterday. I ask the Clerk to read the portion
of the letter that I have marked, which I send
to the desk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the letter.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"The effect of this charge is to promote the ex-
portation of the precious metals to other countries
where 110 such charge exists. G-old huliion is actu-
ally worth one half per cent, more for export than
for coinage. Ilence the foreign bankers and import-
ers, such .is Kothschilds' agents, the managers of
English banks or agencies, and a number of French
ancl English firms, are constantly sending away all
they can control, which isalarge proportion of the
entire product. The charge operates as a premium
in their favor fuid against the enlargement of our
coin basis, which, at the present time especially,
needs all the help we can give it, looking to the
resumption of specie payments.
"The coinage charge also operates indirectly to
the prejudice of other exports, being an adverse
element in th9 exchanges of the country, and thus
affecting an immense volume of business. In proof
of this I need only refer you to the well-known fact
that while 1 the true par of exchange results from
the respective fine gold contents of the ooins, the
actual par depends upon the terms upon which gold
bullion can be converted into such coins.' (I send
you a newspaper excerpt with remarks on that sub-
ject from the London Times.) The charge of one
half per cent, for converting our gold bullion into
coin is that much against us in our exchanges with
other nations, and inflicts a loss of millions of dol-
lars upon the commerce of the country, while Gov-
ernment gains by it but the paltry sum of about
one hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars per
annum. Here is a point which our wise financial
men at Washington appear to have overlooked
entirely; a plain case of the policy which 'saves at
the spigot and loses at tho bung.'
"If possible, a still more palpable example of the
same policy is found in considering this coinage
charge as a revenue measure. Take, for instance,
our trade with the British Me.-; for the five years
from 1865 to 1863 inclusive. The amoun t of dutiable
imports for that period was $725,000,000, in round
numbers, estimating the pound sterling at the cus-
tom-house valuation ^481.2^. But the intrinsic value
of the sovereign orpound sterling- is one halfpercent.
greater, say $4 86.63—the difference being the cost
of converting it into our coin, and this being added
to the value of dutiable imports as above, raisesthe
amount to $728,625,000, an increase of S3,625,000, upon
which Government loses tho duty by undervaluing
the pound sterling, or, in other words, by charging
one half per cent, for converting it into our coin.
This loss of duty at the average rate,which was forty-
seven per cent., amounts to the sum of $1-701,000, while
the total amount realized from the coinage charge
during the same period was $607,907; and showing a
balance of nearly one million one hundred thou-
sand dollars against t.he revenue, a.s the legitimate
result of said charge, in our transactions with ftreat
Britain alone.
"I may add that the chaige is quite unnecessary
as a means of defraying the expense of mint opera-
tions, for it appears, from the reports ofthe Director of
the Mint,that the profits paid into theUmteil States
Treasury from subsidiary coinage during the period
above referred to were $4,675,000. which is mor e than
enough to cover all appropriations for that purpose."
Mr. COLE. I have but a word to add, which
is simply this: that the question will appear
now, from the light of the statement made by
this skillful and comprehensive financier, to be
not one in which .the Pacific States or the gold-
producing States are alone interested, but a
question in which every State of the Union is
interested. Though it may relate more particu-
larly to the States of the Pacific, owiug to the
circumstance that their currency, their medium
of exchange is gold and silver, though it may
affect the gold market there, and affect them
more than it does the States east of the Rocky
