1220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
the Representative of the fourth congressional dis-
trict in the State of Tennessee.
' Resolved, That Lewis Tillman was not elected, and
is not entitled to aseat in the Forty-First Congress,
as the Representative of the fourth congressional
district of the State of Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. ■ The Chair desires to an-
nounce to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Brooks] who has charge of this case that
in one hour from this time, at half past one,
the Chair will be compelled to give the floor
to the Committee on Education and Labor,
on their report in regard to the Freedmen's
Bureau.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Brooks] how much time he expects to occupy
with this case?
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. One hour.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. Before or after
the previous question?
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. Both
before-and after; only one hour in all.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I understood
that the case would take much less time, and
I so assured gentlemen in my vicinity here for
the purpose of obtaining their consent to take
up the case now. I hope the least possible
time will be taken.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the third resolution of the majority
by filling the blank so as to give the contest-
ant, Mr. Sheafe, $4,500 for his expenses in
this contest; and I now call the previous ques-
tion on the resolutions and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment to the third resolution of
the majority report was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next question is upon
the resolutions moved as a substitute for the
majority resolutions.
The question was taken ; and the substitute
was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next question is on
agreeing to the resolutions reported by the
majority of the Committee of Elections.
The- question was taken; and the resolutions
were adopted.
Mr. MAY NARD. I ask consent of the House
to have printed in the Globe some remarks
upon this election case of Sheafe vs. Tillman.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted. [See Appendix.]
Mr. KERR. It was understood, on the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Brooks] in charge of this case, that one
.hour should be allowed for its discussion, and
that then the vote should be taken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was not advised
of any such arrangement.
Mr. KERR. That was the understanding,
as stated by the gentleman in his seat.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions of the
majority of the Committee of Elections have
been adopted by a vote of the House. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Brooks]
can move to reconsider the vote by which those
resolutions were adopted, and then the discus-
sion of the ease can proceed upon that motion.
Mr. KERR. If the resolutions have already
been adopted, I do not know that I care much
to discuss the question upon a mere motion to
reconsider. It was understood that this case
was to be discussed one half hour on each side.
The SPEAKER. The Chair certainly speaks
a great deal louder than most members on the
floor. He distinctly put the question to the
House on adopting the resolutions reported
by the minority of the Committee of Elections,
and announced that the noes appeared to have
it; and no division being called for, he declared
that the noes had it. As distinctly the Chair
put the question upon adopting the majority
resolutions, and announced that the ayes
appeared to have it; and no division being
called for, he declared that the ayes had it and
the resolutions were adopted.
Mr. KERR. I agree that the Chair did put
the question very distinctly. And while that
was being done I appealed to my colleague
on the Committee of Elections, the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Brooks,] to make
objection ; and he rose and tried to do so but
the Chair did not hear him.
' Mr. STEVENSON. May we not get at this
question by moving to reconsider the vote by
which the resolutions reported by the majority
of the Committee of Elections were adopted,
and then proceeding to discuss the case on that
motion ?
The SPEAKER. That is just what the Chair
has suggested.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I move
to reconsider the vote by which both reports
were acted on.
The SPEAKER. That motion is debatable
in the widest sense.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I move
the previous question on the motion to recon-
sider.
The SPEAKER. That is not necessary.
As the gentleman from Massachusetts holds
the floor, he can bring the debate to a close
whenever he desires to do so.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, the fourth congressional district of
the State of Tennessee is composed of the
counties of Lincolfl, Giles, Marshall, Cannon,
Rutherford, Coffee, Franklin, and Bedford.
The votes of seven of the counties in that dis-
trict returned as legal by the duly-appointed
commissioners of registration give Mr. Sheafe,
the contestant in this case, 186 majority. If
we add to this the vote of certain precincts in
the county of Franklin, where the commis-
sioner of registration made a return of votes,
but in that return stated that they were illegal
because the officers were not duly sworn, and
further, because certain voters aroted without
the requisite certificate, and if we add thereto
also the vote of the county of Lincoln, where
the returns were made by the coroner, an offi-
cer appointed by the county court, instead of
the regular duly-appointed commissioner, Mr.
Sheafe, the contestant, will have a majority
of 1,157.
I will state the condition of the case, and show
how it happens that Mr. Tillman is the present
occupant of the seat in the face of those voles.
The Governor of the State, after the returns
had been made to him and to the secretary of
State, undertook to revise, and did revise the
returns of the votes; and upon that revision a
proclamation was made setting forth the rea-
sons which actuated him in making the revision.
By this revision he totally disregarded the votes
of those precincts in the county of Franklin
which were returned by the commissioner as
illegal; he rejected entirely the vote of the
county of Lincoln, on the ground that the re
turn had been made, not by the commissioner
appointed by the Governor, but by a coroner,
an officer appointed by the county court. Fur-
ther than that, he rejected the vote of certain
districts in the counties of Coffee and Mar-
shall, on the ground that the officers there did
not take the oath required by law. A further
reason is thus set forth by him in his procla-
mation :
"With official information before me that the
votes cast for a candidate are illegal, and his elec-
tion void, and that the Kuklux Klans have used
violence and other means of intimidation to deter
legal voters from exercising the franchise, I cannot
and will notcertify that he is 'regularly elected ac-
cording to the laws of the State.' Whatever others
may think of my duty, I will not declare, in a cer-
tificate or otherwise, thatthe election was regular in
countics or districts when I officially know that it
was not regular.
"In these conclusions I am happily relieved of
much responsibility by the fact that my decision is
not conclusive. The question is still open for the
decision of Congress."
The committee, upon investigation, is not of
opinion that the Governor in this matter acted
correctly. However just and right it may be
that returns should be set aside and votes
rejected where fraud, intimidation, and vio-
lence have been exercised in the election;
however true it may be that when a person
who is not a legally-constituted officer makes
a return that return is not valid, yet the com-
mittee is of the opinion that the Executive of
a State is not the proper tribunal to decide
upon such questions. It woald be very im-
proper and unsafe to vest sach authority in the
Governor of any State. The sole duty, as we
apprehend, of the Governor in this case was
to make a comparison of the votes received by
him with the votes returned to the secretary
of State, and upon such a comparison to give
to the candidate having the highest number of
votes the certificate of election. This was not
done by the Governor; and the committee are
unanimous in their disapproval of his action
in this matter.
Hence, in the consideration of this ease we
were not actuated by what was done by the
Governor of the State of Tennessee, bnt have
endeavored, as far as possible, to consider this
case upon its actual merits, as elicited by the
evidence adduced before us. I will call atten-
tion first to the condition of affairs as regards
the vote of Lincoln county.
The election laws of Tennessee require
" that the Governor of the State shall appoint
a commissioner of registration for each and
every county in the State," (act February 2-5,
1867, chapter twenty-six, section two,) by
whom "the judges and clerks of all elections
shall be selected and appointed in each county,"
{ibid, section ten,) and whose duty it, is "to
hold all elections," (act February 26, 1868,
chapter fifty-one, section one.)
The statute of the State of Tennessee
passed February 26, 1868, (sections one and
two,) provides as follows:
" Sec. 1. Be it enacted bythe General Assembly of the
State of Tennessee, That the Governor of the State
be authorized, and he is hereby fulfy empowered, to
set aside the registration of any county in this State,
or any part thereof of said registration, when it shall
be made to appear to the satisfaction of the Gov-
ernor that frauds and irregularities have intervened
in the registration of voters in such county. The
Governor shall make known such fact, and set aside
said part or whole of said registration, when frauds
are shown to have been committed, by proclamation.
*' Sec. 2. lie it further enacted, That all acts of the
Governor declaring registrations in the different
countiesof this State by proclamation Bull and void,
and lemoving the registers of said counties and
appointing others, are hereby legalized, and tall
power given the Governor to remove county com-
missioners of registration for dereliction of duty,
frauds, or irregularities, and the appointment of
other commissioners of registration, is hereby con-
firmed, together with all other acts done by him
under the registration law passed ^Jarch S, 1*07,
whether said act, known as 'An act to amend sec-
tion twenty-one hundred and fourteen, article two.
chapter four, ot the Code of Tennessee, and for other
purposes,' justified the Governor in his action or
uot."
It appeared in evidence that a man by the
name of A. H. Russell, the commissioner of
registration for the county of Lincoln, had
acted in such a manner as was improper and
illegal. He may not have been altogether to
blame, for he states what he did was through
fear an'd intimidation. Accordingly, the Gov-
ernor of the State of Tennessee issued the
following proclamation:
Executive Office,
Nashville, Tennessee, October 19,1868.
"Whereas by an act ot the General Assembly of the
State of Tennessee, entitled "An act to legalise the
acts of the Governor," passed February 2d, IStiS, it is
made the duty of the Governor, when trauds and
irregularities have intervened to the registration of
any county, to set aside part or whole of said regis-
tration by proclamation; and whereas it has been
made known to me that frauds and inegularities have
occurred in the registration of the county of Lincoln:
Now, therefore. I, William G. Drowxlow. Governor
of tho State of Tennessee, by virtue ot the authority
in me vested, and in tho discharge of the duty im-
posed upon me by tho first section ot the aforesaid
act of the General Assembly, do herebysetasideasitf
declare null and void all that part ot tho registra-
tion of our county of Lincoln made by A. II. Russell,
late registration commissioner.
In testimony whereof I, William G. Brownloit,
Governor as aforesaid, have hereunto set my
r, g] hand and caused the groat seal of the State to
* *J be alfixcd. at the depaitwent, in Nashville, on
this 19th day of October, 1868.
W. G. BROWNLOW.
By the Governor:
A. J. FLETCHEB, Secretary of State.
Now, Mr. Speaker, upon the promulga-
tion of the above the evidence discloses that
