1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
395
mountains, yet it must now appear to be a
question in which all the States of the Union
are interested as well as those on the Pacific.
Mr. BAYARD. It was my original impres-
sion when this question came before the Com-
mittee 011 Finance that it was palpably an act
of economy for the Government to turn all the
bullion possible into its own coin. It was my
theory of true economy in that case that the more
of the bullion of the world we could convert into
American coin the greater would necessarily
be the tendency of that coinage here, for the
simple reason that bullion of our standard of
parity and bullion reduced to our decimal stand-
ard of exchanges gave facilities to our own peo-
ple greater than the coin of any other country ;
and by a parity of reasoning, gave greater incon-
venience to the people of other countries. For
that reason, if all the coin of the world was in
the American coinage a greater portion of it
would remain in the United States than would
remain if there was an equal amount of coin-
age proportionably throughout the world of all
coins.
This was my view; perhaps a crude one,
but nevertheless a very simple, and I thought
a truthful one at the time this question of
abolishing the charge for coinage came up in
the committee ; and it is my impression that
I was the original mover in that committee of
a proposition to abolish this charge, but I
relinquished it somewhat under the argument,
and still more under the very strong facts pro-
duced by my honorable friend, the chairman
of the committee, that the Government of
Great Britain, whose commercial success has
been so great, after pursuing for a period
of one hundred or one hundred and fifty years
the system of free coinage, had determined by
the light of experience to change their laws
and to establish a charge for coinage in the
same ratio as that proposed by the present
bill. It was upon the acceptation of that
statement as true that I voted to retain the
charge for coinage in the bill. It is because I
now believe that statement to have been erron-
eously made that I propose to vote against the
retention of this charge for coinage.
I would never oppose a mere theory, how-
ever plausible and satisfactory to my mind it
might be, to distinct facts, the workings of
experience in regard to so practical a matter
as this thing of the currency of the country in
its metallic coinage. 1 do not propose to
repeat the arguments of yesterday, the evi-
dence produced from the report of the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment taken on the Pacific
coast; but I am now convinced that I was
right in my original theory, that it is a matter
of interest to the country to have all the bul-
lion that it can turned into the shape of Amer-
ican coinage ; that more profit by far will result
to the country from a redundancy of metallic
currency than would be gained by establish-
ing a charge for coinage which should lessen
the bulk of that currency. For that reason I
shall vote in favor of abolishing the charge
for coinage.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall detain the Senate
but a moment on this subject, because it has
been already fully discussed. In regard to the
error into which my friend from Delaware has
fallen, he will bear me witness that I gave liim
the date of the act of Parliament, and gave
him the book containing the speech of Mr.
Lowe, and gave him the full facts at the time
the matter was under discussion in the com-
mittee.
Mr. BAYARD. Of course my honorable
friend does not suppose that I meant to sug-
gest for an instant that he represented aught
else than the facts. It was possibly my mis-
understanding or incomplete information on
the'subjeet. I know that at that time the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio was of opinion that
the Government of England were about to
retrace their steps on this subject; that, by the
light of experience, they had discovered that
the system of free coinage was prejudicial,
and they were about to restore the system of
charge. I believe now he does not suppose
such to be the fact, and will agree with me
probably that free coinage is still to be the
law of Great Britain, as it lias been in the
past-
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, the
whole debate, which I now have before me,
shows that every person who participated in
the discussion, without exception, agreed that
the system of free coinage was wrong in prin-
ciple, wrong in theory, and ought to be abol-
ished ; but in the revision of the law—it was
then under the charge of Mr. Lowe as chan-
cellor of the exchequer—the matter was left to
remain as it stood, and the reason was stated
by Mr. Lowe himself, that it was better to post-
pone any change in this particular as to the
rate of seigniorage, or as to what rate should
be adopted, until the question of international
coinage should advance some further stages,
when, as a matter of course, the laws of the
different nations would have to conform to it.
Mr. Lowe, in liis speech advocating his views
on the subject, quotes all the authorities from
which I read yesterday, and a great many
others, showing that experience, political
economy, and philosophy had concurred in
establishing the necessity of a seigniorage.
Let me state another fact. It is shown, I
think, in the debate in Parliament, that while
England possesses nearly twice the wealth of
France, and certainly nearly twice the com-
merce, yet the gold and silver coinage in Eng-
land is only about one fifth of that in France ;
and this was attributed in a great measure to
the fact that, as Great Britain coined gold with-
out charge, therefore gold being the cheapest
product naturally floated off by exportation,
while the French coin, which secured a local
habitation by a seigniorage of only one fifth of
one per cent, remained in France and so of
Germany.
Now, sir, I will add another fact, and that
will be all I desire to say in reply to the letter
of Mr. Ralston, who is cashierof the Bank of
California. Iliad read that letter. It contains
nothing new, except one very remarkable state-
ment, which he did not make with a full knowl-
edge of the facts, or certainly he would not
have made it. He says our profit on coinage
is four millions and some hundred thousand
dollars; that is, that the difference between
the cost of our nickel coinage, subsidiary coin-
age, and the actual nominal value of that coin-
age is $4,000,000. That is very true ; but we
have got to redeem that nickel coinage at par,
and this very bill provides for its redemption.
We might just as well say that on the green-
backs which we publish and print we make a
profit of $840,000,000, because it only costs
us $1,000,000 to print $341,000,000. But we
have got to redeem them at par in gold; so
that all the profit from our subsidiary coinage
disappears when the day of.redemjitioncomes,
and that is coming nearer constantly, day by
day.
There is one other fact. A great deal of stress,
was laid by the Senator from California [Mr.
Casserly] on the fact that the mint charge in
this country was a recent one. Well, sir, up
to 1849, I think it was, the Mint of the United
States bought the gold of foreign countries in
the form of bullion, precisely like any other
commodity, and coined it at the Mint. Having
a monopoly of the coinage, it practically had
a monopoly of the bullion trade of this country.
The discovery of gold in California changed
the whole condition of things, and this coun-
try became the great gold-producing country
of the world. Then the Congress of the United
States first turned its attention to the necessity
of establishing a seigniorage charge and reg-
ulating the difference between the value of
gold and silver; and I now hold in my hand,
first, the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, Mr. Corwin, under Fillmore's adminis-
tration, calling attention to the fact of a large
loss suffered by the United States by this
changed condition of affairs, and by the fact
that bullion was presented for coinage at the
mints not imported from abroad as a commod-
ity and purchased at the market price, but
presented by our own miners, and that the law
made no provision at all for the disposition and
management of this gold bullion or coinage.
Therefore he recommended that the change
be made in the relative value of the gold and
silver bullion and the gold and silver coinage,
so as to make it conform to the standards
adopted in England and in France, and recom-
mended that a seigniorage be put upon gold
coinage sufficient to pay the expense of it.
That was referred to the Committee on Finance
of this body, of which Mr. Hunter was then
chairman. I hold in my hand a very elaborate
and interesting report, of many pages, made
by Mr. Hunter, in which the subject is fully
discussed, giving many tables. The conclusion
arrived at after two years' discussion, by the
unanimous vote of both Houses and after an
elaborate consideration of the whole subject,
was, first, that on account of the large dis-
covery of gold in California it was necessary to
change the relative value between gold and
silver, by reducing the proportion of silver to
gold, and also that it was necessary to establish
a seigniorage charge on gold. There had
always been a seigniorage charge on silver in
this country, but as gold was not produced to
any considerable extent—I believe nowhere
except a little in North Carolina—there was
no seigniorage cbaige upon it. They estab-
lished a seigniorage charge of one half of one
percent. Mr. Hunter states it very strongly.
He says, " if we do not establish a seigniorage
charge the United States may be compelled,
at an enormous expense, to convert the whole
gold produced in this country into coin,
merely to enable people to export that coin;
and we shall have to go through the same
process with other nations." This subject was
then fully considered, fully debated and acted
upon, and that seigniorage was adopted. The
result is that since that time about one half
of the gold produced in this country has been
converted into coin.
Mr. BAYAllD. May I interrupt my friend
for a moment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. I respectfully submit that
there is one error in the honorable Senator's
argument. I have heard hiin assert here sev-
eral times that it is cheaper for the purchasers
of gold to export coin than it is to export bul-
lion. I think the contrary is precisely true ;
that for purposes of merchandise gold will flow
from this country faster in the shape of bullion
than it will in the shape of coin.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will allude to a remark
made by my friend awhile ago, which shows
that upon one point he is mistaken in regard
to the relative value between bullion and coin.
I have stated the fact that a charge of one half
of one per cent, was put upon gold coinage.
By the gradual improvement of machinery we
find that it can be produced for less, and the
concurring authority of all with whom I have
conversed upon the subject was that three
tenths of one per cent, would pay the mere
cost of making the requisite assay, refining, and
reducing it to the standard gold, and stamping
it as Government coin. Three tenths would
be the lowest; and even then there is upon the
Government the expense of the officers of the
mint, the expense of building mints, and a
large amount of other expenses. Therefore
we propose to continue the charge, but put it
at three tenths of one per cent.
But the Senator says it will not be exported
in the form of coin, but rather in the form of
bullion.
Mr. BAYARD. Not as easily.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, there
is no form in which gold can be put so con-
