1834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
men in the navy-yards; and for flags, awnings,
and packing-boxes;'' and then comes the gross
sum for all these items, " $800,000.''
Now, Mr. President, I do say in all serious-
ness it we are to pass a bill containing an
appropriation in these words the sooner we
repeal the law that requires estimates to be
furnished us the better. If we will not observe
and enforce that law, and if we will not com-
pel the Departments to comply with that law
and give us estimates that are sensible esti-
mates, that enable us to say what will be
required for each of these various subjects,
at least approximatively, we had better repeal
the law and not let it stand as a dead letter on
the, statute-book.
Here, as 1 have said, the specific appropri-
ations for this bureau are $150,611, and the
contingent expenses, as they are called—con-
tingent expenses, forsooth, of this single bu-
reau grouped together in fifty-four items—are
$800,000! They might as well have put the
whole as contingent expenses. They might just
as well have stuck in these specific expendi-
tures with the rest and called them all contin-
gent expenditures and appropriated in a lump
$956,000. The Senate would have been just
as much enlightened on the subject. We should
have known just as well where the money is to
go. And I call the attention of the Senate to
the fact that this is a most material matter ;
for when you appropriate in the gross in this
way it is in the power of the Department to
employ this large sum of money just precisely
ns it pleases. It may spend the whole $800,000
for one or two or three of the enumerated pur-
poses and leave the rest totally unprovided for.
It puts the money absolutely in the discretion
of the Navy Department, and Congress has no
more to do with it than has a third person. I
say again that if you are to appropriate in this
way you might jost as well include all that the
Department will be likely to need, be it ten
millions, fifteen millions, eighteen millions, or
twenty millions, and appropriate in thegross—
just say so many millions for the service of
the Navy Department, if you can go on and
appropriate $800,000 in this way, without esti-
mating for one single one of the forty-four items
which are named in this clause, you might just
as well give up estimating at all and appropri-
ate in the gross for the naval service.
1 do hope that something will be done to cor-
rect this. I do not know that it can be done
by any amendments at this late day of the ses-
sion. If this were earlier in thesession I should
appeal to the Senate to lay this bill on thetable
and let a proper bill be brought in.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Ohio has
seen fit to go back from the twentieth page
of the bill to the sixth page for the purpose
of finding a text for his speech. Now, sir,
this plan of estimating and expressing the
objects of the estimates in the law has been
followed from time immemorial. If he will
look back at the laws he will find that such
precisely has been the language used in appro-
priation bills of this kind for years and years
past.
Mr. CONKLING. Here are two which I
have before me, not in consecutive years, but
several years apart, and all these items are in
just as they are here.
Mr. COLE. That is the customary form;
but I do not propose to go back and discuss a
part of the biil that has been long since passed
over.
Mr. THURMAN. I have only to say that
if this thing has been done in years past it is
time it was stopped. There have been a great
many abuses in appropriation bills in the past.
I remember at one time when a bill appropri-
ating, if I recollect aright, $80,000,000, was
passpd without reading through one House of
Congress. It will not do to say that that is
any justification at all. The Constitution de-
clares that no money shall be expended except
upon appropriations made by Congress; and
that means, if it means anything, that the
appropriations shall be at least in some degree
specific and shall not be appropriations that
leave everything at the discretion of a Depart-
ment.
Mr. NYE. I have only to say that the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio will find, if he will
look back for twenty-five years, that the esti-
mates have been in the same form as these in
the published reports. They have been so cer-
tainly ever since I have been in the Senate,
and will be so undoubtedly as long as the hon-
orable Senator stays here.
But now, sir, I have a word to say upon the
amendment on which the honorable Senator
from Ohio has attempted to make a speech. 11
isin the clause, "for necessary repairs of naval
laboratory, hospitals and appendages, includ-
ing roads, wharves, outhouses, steam-heating
apparatus, sidewalks, fences, gardens, farms,
and for grading and laying off the grounds of
the two new hospitals," the appropriation for
which item it is proposed to reduce from
$40,000 to $25,000. These hospitals were
authorized by law to be built, and the bureau
to which they belong has estimated for them.
I ask the honorable Senator from Califor-
nia, the acting chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, if they took any means to
ascertain why this item should be cut down,
or whether the committee acted simply on the
general idea of cutting down about so much
on each appropriation?
Mr. COLE. I do not know what inform-
ation we have touching the amendment any
further than 1 have already stated in the two
or three little speeches that 1 have made on
the subject.
Mr. NYE. Evidently, then, the honorable
chairman took no measures to ascertain what
was required. Now, I wish to appeal to the
Senate that a provision for hospitals, provid
ing for the sick sailors, and providing them
food and raiment and proper places to be when
they are sick, is the last item where the Sen-
ate ought to undertake an economy. They
know better at the Navy Department what
these things cost than we do here ; and I sub-
mit that any guessing of any committee, even
the Committee on Appropriations, is a dan-
gerous schedule of scaling to adopt in relation
to the hospitals and the provision for these
sick sailors. I hope the Senate will allow these
appropriations to stand as they are in the bill,
with the full assurance that persons occupy-
ing the places of heads of these bureaus will
expend no more than is absolutely necessary to
take care of the sick and needy ; and we shall
all feel much better if there be a thousand or
two thousand dollars surplus than-to hear the
cry of want come up from our sick sailors and
seamen who have acquired their diseases in
defense of their country.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations.
The amendment was rejected ; there being
on a division—ayes 16, noes 23.
Mr. NYE. Now, there is a series of these
samg amendments, which I trust will have the
same direction.
Mr. COLE. No; they are quite different.
They are making the aggregate amount of
$50,000, by scaling down a few items in the
next half dozen paragraphs for the Bureau of
M-edicine and Surgery. It is a very limited
bureau in the Department. There is no dis-
position to cripple that bureau or any other
one; but I think this scaling down is not
really to be complained of on the part of the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California insist on the next
amendment?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask the honor-
able Senator from California a question. We
have a very large naval hospital at New York,
and I ask whether he thinks $7,000 is sufficient
to support that establishment?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; so far as concerns
medicine and surgery; it will furnish what f
suppose is required for medicines. Last year
the appropriation was $50,000; this year the
estimates run a little oyer that.
Mr. NYE. If the honorable Senator will
look he will find thatthis is not alone for medi-
cines; it comes from the Bureau of Medicine
and Surgery, but it involves more : and there
is (.he dilemma the committee have fallen
into. It involves the entire charge of super-
intending and all these hospitals. It is not
alone for medicine, because I should think the
less of it they had the better. [Laughter.] It
involves the whole attendance.
Mr. CliAGIN. This bill, as it came from
the House of Representatives, in this respect is
exactly in accordance with the estimates of
the Department, and the estimates in these
particulars are not open to the objections
which were made by the Senator from Ohio.
Take, for instance, the hospital at New York.
The items are:
Two apothecaries, at $750 each ; one carpenter,
at $720; one matron, at 55420; one chief eook^ at
$300; two cooks, atSiBO each ; one engineer, at $/20;
three firemen, at $3G0 each ; one guidener, at&4.S0;
four faboreis. at $2-10 each; tour laundresses, at Sl-ii
each; one messenger, -it £240; four nurses, at S;2Kf
each : one potter. a.t ; one painter and gtmer,
at$480; one porter, at $240; one watchman,at $420;
one me<sman,at§2-10: otiea.ssistantmerism.Ln, at&180;
two watchmen, atfc30Ueach; one ambulance driver,
at $360; one laundryman.
The items are given in each case, and the
estimates of the Department are exactly as the
bill came from the House; and the amend-
ments in five or six of these items propospd
by the Committee on Appropriations reduce
the estimates, and it does not seem to me that
the amounts proposed by the Committee on
Appropriations are sufficient to carry out the
purposes for which these appropriations are
made. I hope in this one thing we shall not
reduce the appropriations. If we must do that,
let us do it somewhere else.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the pending amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. COLE called for a division.
Mr. CRAGIN. There is a quorum present.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a quorum pres-
ent if Senators will vote. K
Mr. PRATT. I ask that the amendment
be reported ; some of us did not understand
the nature of the amendment.
Mr. COLE. Can I withdraw the call for a
division ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
had decided that the noes seemed to have it
when a division was-called for by the Senator
from California. If that call for a division is
withdrawn, the amendment is disagreed to.
The Secretary will read the next amendment.-
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line four hundred and
seventy-eight, under the head of "Bureau of
Medicine and Surgery," for the hospital at
New York, to reduce the appropriation from
$11,366 to $7,000.
Mr. NYE. I hope that will not be agreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. NYE. I suppose we had better let all
the little hospital amendments take the same
direction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California agree to that sug-
gestion?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; we have had enough
votes to show the sense of the Senate, and I
do not ask a vote on each separately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment will be considered as disagreed to
unless objection be made. The next, amend-
ment in line four hundred and eighty-two and
four hundred and eighty-three will be regarded
as disagreed to unless some objection be made,
