1222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
or at the polls, or in the ballot-box, or in the
making up of the returns. Why, then, have
they been rejected? None but the most clear
facts and unambiguous law can justify over-
riding the popular choice, the will of the
majority, and giving the office to another.
For this House to act otherwise would be to
render itself a party to a great usurpation.
I hope the House will remember that every
officer of this election—I mean precisely what
I say—that every officer of this election, was
an appointee of the Republican Governor of
the State of Tennessee, or of .Republican offi-
cers appointed by that Governor; so that there
Was not one friend of Mr. Sheafe, except in
the county of Lincoln, who had anything to
do with the practical management and con-
duct of this election. It was entirely in the
hands of his political enemies, if not of his
personal enemies, and it is a significant fact
in this case that when these Republican offi-
cers came to make up their returns from these
several counties they entirely failed to dis-
cover or to report that in any of these coun-
ties this intimidation, fraud, and violence
existed to which my friend on the committee
now refers, or which it has since been the
policy of the sitting member here to allege.
The Governor even in his solemn proclama-
tion, made after this election, assigning his
reasons for giving the credentials to Mr. Till-
man, did not even then discover that there
had been in this district any of those Kuklux
outrages or partisan violence against the polit-
ical l'riends of Mr. Tillman; although, if any
such facts existed, it is safe to assume that
the Governor would have appealed to them in
liis proclamation to justify his action. This
is a new coinage, gotten up since the election
as a pretext, only to give to this House and
the partisan friends of Mr. Tillman an excuse
for making an unrighteous and an unjudicial
determination of the case. That is my judg-
ment. Otherwise, why were not these grounds
discovered and alluded to by some of those
officers, all the partisan friends of Mr. Till- j
man and all willing to promote his interests ]
in the canvass?
That the management of this contest on the
part of the officers and the Governor was char-
acterized by many acts of despotism and law-
lessness is not matter of dispute. That all these
acts were committed in the interests of Mr.
Tillman is equally undeniable. For example,
the Governor without right set aside the regis-
trations in parts of the counties of Lincoln,
Franklin, and Coffee, all large Democratic
counties, in order to prevent, the contestant
from being voted for by his own political
friends; I might say in order to intimidate
them against attempting to vote. j
Was the Governor authorized thus to " set |
aside" the registrations and exclude these
voters from the polls? The supreme court of
Tennessee, each of the three judges who com- 1
posed the bench having been appointed to his ;
high office by Governor Brownlow, each in a i
separate opinion and all concurring, decided
in the case of the State of Tennessee vs. Wil-
liam Staten, (6 Caldwell's Reports, page 234.)
that—
"The statute which empowers the Governor in
his discretion practically and effectually to abrogate
tho right to vote of any and every qualified citizen
ot the State, and at any time, and ior all time, and
in any and ail elections, is repugnant to that portion
ol' the constitution which is expressly ordained to
secure to the people tho right to elect the officers of
their Government.
" The statute which practically find effectually
empowers the Governor to determine who of the
qualified citizens shall vote and who shall not vote,
and who shall elect and who shall not elect the offi-
cers ol tho government, himself included, is repug-
nant to that portion of the organic frame of the
Government which was ordained to establish and
maintain a republican form of government.
"The statute which empowers the Governor prac-
tically and effectually to divest out of any and every
qualified voter his right to vote, not only onee, but
from time to time and without end, is repugnant
to those provisions of the organic law which are
ordained to invest the courts with judicial power,
and to exclude tho cxccutive head of the Govern-
ment ljom the exercise of such power.
" For these reasons the court is constrained to hold
that the statute which confers on the Governor the
power to set aside and annul the registration of a
county, in whole or in part, is unconstitutional and
void.
"In this determination are included the act of
March 8,1867, (chapter thirty-six, sections four and
five,) and that part of the act of February 26,1868,
(chapter fifty-two.) so far as it authorizes the Gov-
ernor to set aside registration, and undertakes to
confirm his acts of this kind done before the passage
of the act; and to punish persons who vote or wno
attempt to vote ' by virtue of certificates issued from
a registration declared null and void' by the Gov-
ernor."
Now why are any of these returns from any
of these counties rejected by the majority of
this committee? It is not because elections
were not legally held under these severe and
harsh laws of Tennessee except as to the sin-
gle county of Lincoln; for as to the other
counties, a part of whose returns are rejected
by the committee, it is only alleged that cer-
tain unimportant irregularities transpired in
connection with the conduct of the election
and the making up of the returns, none of
which the committee claim to have been so
material or important as to lead to or justify
the rejection of the returns; but their rejec-
tion is based upon the alleged fact that in some
counties there existed the Kuklux organiza-
tion, a combination of men who, by their con-
duct, intimidated Republican voters and pre-
vented a fair election. The same is alleged
to have been true of the county of Lincoln ;
but other grounds, also, are alleged for the
rejection of the returns from that county.
Now, before I proceed further, I want to say
that when it is alleged that by reason of the
conduct of the officers of this election in Lin-
coln county only seven out of twenty-five dis-
trict polls were organized and elections held
there, it is equally true that in nearly every
county in this district, and in very many other
counties in the State of Tennessee, these Re-
publican election officers, for partisan pur-
poses of their own, refused to organize elec-
tions in all the districts for the sole and sin-
gle purpose of preventing a fair and full elec-
tion in such counties. They would organize
election boards in all Republican districts, in
order to make sure of their full vote, and were
indifferent many times whether Democratic
voters were so provided for or not. And in
some cases they would organize boards in some
and reluse them in other districts, for the pur-
pose of enabling Republican voters and Repub-
lican colored men to go to certain points where
they could be better manipulated and con-
trolled by the Republican managers, and Con-
servative electors were thus left either without
proper opportunities to vote, or to take care
of themselves as best they might. For exam-
ple, in the county of Franklin only seven polls
out of eighteen district polls were organized
by those Republican election officers, and yet
the returns from that county were accepted
by the majority of the Committee of Elec-
tions as good. There is therefore nothing to
be inferred from these facts against the validity
or bona fides of these election returns from
any of these counties so far as elections were
in fact held.
But we are told that there were Kuklux or-
ganizations. Now, on this allegation I desire
the House first to remember that the State of
Tennessee, and especially this congressional
district of that State, was under the control of
the Army of the United States; Republican
electors, Democratic electors,Republican elec-
tion officers, and all the people were under the
immediate eye, the sword, and the protection
of the Army of the United States. And why did
they not prevent these outrages against which
complaints are now made?
It is unfortunate for the position of the
majority that the evidence of some of these
military officers was taken in reference to the
actual condition of affairs in that district dur-
ing that campaign. According to the testi-
mony of one of them, Captain B. L. Hunting-
ton, of the twenty-ninth United States infan-
try, commanding in Marshall county, entire
peace and order prevailed during the canvass
immediately preceding the election and during
the election itself. He says:
Lewisbueg. Marshall Cot-xtt. Te\'ne=!sfe,
November 21, 18bS.
To all whom it may concern :
Company A of the twenty-ninth United States!
infantry came to Lewisburg on or about the 6th da\ I
of October, 1868, and remained until to-day. W"J
were in Lewisburg on the 3d day of November, ana
witnessed the election for President and member of
Congress from this (the fourth) district of Tennessee.
The election was very quiet. Every one voted bis
sentiments, without disturbance or threats, both
white and colored ; and no one in the county, so fat-
as we are advised and believe, voted except those
who had certificates to vote under the franchise law
of Tennessee. The citizens of the county are quiet
and law-abiding, and treated my command with
kindness and due respect.
E. L. HUNTINGTON,
Captain Twenty-Ninth Infantry,
commanding Post and Company.
Now, in reference to the general charge of
intimidation, I desiie to say to gentlemen of
this House that during my experience as a
member of the Committee of Elections I have
heard these charges made so often, aud in the
course of my official service here I have so
many times been compelled by the orders of
this House to investigate in detail the charac-
ter and foundation of these charges in several
parts of the South, that I have arrived at the
conclusion in my own mind that in most of the
cases these charges of intimidation and vio-
lence are the merest, shallowest, and most
unworthy, unmanly, and contemptible pretexts
for the setting aside of elections and denying
to the people the sacred right of representa-
tion in the person of their choice. I have
come to know that in nine cases out of ten,
and, as to this district, I have come to believe,
that all of these charges are unsubstantial and
entirely insufficient to justify the action gen-
erally based upon them, or the proposed action
of this House against Mr. Sheafe, and that
they are only appealed to by the sitting mem-
ber to justify the conscience of the House in
committing m his behalf an outrage upon the
people of his district and upon the people of
the country.
There were some outrages committed in this
district, as the testimony shows. But the tes-
timony fails to show that they were political
outrages, or that they were committed for
political purposes, or that the organization by
which they were committed was a political
organization. Tbat organization had no refer-
ence in its inception or operations or history
to the conduct of these elections. And I say.
as the solemn conclusion of my judgment, that
it did more harm to Mr. Sheafe than it did him
good. And the result of this contest shows
that it has done for Mr. Tillman more good
than harm: for it has enabled him to get a seat
to which he was not entitled, to which he was
not elected, and by the judgment of this House
to retain that seat in violation of the rights of
the people of his district and of the right, of
representation of the people of this country.
What were those outrages? They were
committed mainly by a lawless organization,
always opposed and denounced by Mr. Sheafe,
an organization for the purpose of breaking up
combinations of horse thieves, petty thieves,
criminals, and enemies of the rights of prop-
erty and the peace and order of society in Ten-
nessee. _ What created the necessity for any
such thing? The Republican reconstruction
policy is the fruitful fountain out of which have
flowed most of these organizations and out-
rages in the State of Tennessee and in the
South generally. That policy was always in-
herently wrong and vicious ; it violated right
principles of government, deuied obvious and
inalienable rights, took power from the good,
intelligent, and patriotic, and gave it to the
vicious, ignorant, and sdlfish, wrested local
self government from the citizens, to whom it
belonged, and gave power to political parti-
sans and adventurers, removed subordination
from the colored men, corrupted their judg-
