1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1835
and so in lines four hundred and eighty-four
and four hundred and eighty five. The same
in lines four hundred and eighty-six ; also in
lines four hundred and eighty-eight, four hun-
dred and eighty-nine, and also the amendment
in lines four hundred and ninety, four hundred
and ninety-one, and four hundred and ninety-
two.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in lines five hundred and
seventeen and five hundred and eighteen, to
strike out the words " one professor of mathe-
matics, $2,500," in the appropriations for the
Naval Academy.
Mr. SAWYER. Since the report of the
committee was made further information has
been obtained upon the subject of this amend-
ment, and it is proposed that the Senate non-
concur with the amendm'eut of thecommittee.
The PRESID ING OFFICER. This amend-
ment will be regarded as disagreed to unless
objection be made. It is disagreed to. Does
the committee insist on the next amendment
in line five hundred and nineteen?
Mr. SAWYER. No ; that is to be non-con-
curred in also.
The PRESIDING OFFICER._ That will
be disagreed to also, unless objection be made.
Mr. SAWYER. And also the amendment
from lines five hundred and twenty-four to five
hundred and twenty seven.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
disagreed to also, unless objection be made.
It is disagreed to. The Secretary will proceed
with the reading of the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out the proviso
on page 25, commencing in line five hundred
and ninety-seven, in the following words :
Provided, That the amount of $50,000 appropriated
by section nine of an act making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, aud judicial expenses of
the Government t ,r the year ending the 30th of June,
1871, approved July 12. 1870, to be expended under
the direction of the President in organizing and
sending out an expedition to the north pole, shall
not be carried to t.hesurplus fundor covered intothe
Treasury until the purpose of said appropriation
shall have been completed, J)ut may be applied to
expenses of said expedition incurred during any
subsequent year thatsaid expedition may be engaged
on its duties.
Mr. NYE. I suppose it is perfectly well
understood by all the Senators present what
that means. We appropriated a year ago
$50,000 for explorations in the Polar sea.
That expedition is now being fitted here at the
navy yard. Professor Hall, who has spent five
years in that region, has got a portion of his
crew and will be ready to start about the 1st
or middle of May. I think it would be very
ungenerous now to cover that amount into the
Treasury for the purpose of thwarting that
expedition. Othernations have been exploring
there, and we have been exploring there our-
selves ; and I may say it is the effort of the
world, if it is possible, to find a passage through
to the Polar sea. Our Government has em-
barked $50,000. The vessel is now almost
ready for sea. It is fitted out, and Professor
Hail has devoted a year's time to the prepara-
tion. Now it is proposed to stop it. I trust
the sense of the Senate will be most decidedly
against this amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. It is not proposed to stop
there at all. This appropriation was made for
the year ending June 30, 1871. It is applica-
ble to the purposes of this expedition up to
that time, and in accordance with any contract
during this year made for that purpose until
the 30th of June 1872; so that if this pro-
vision is not in the bill the fund which was
appropriated in the last year's bill for this
object will be available until the 30th of June,
1872, on all contracts made for it during the
current year.
Mr. NYE. Then what is the use of striking
out this provision?
Mr. SAWYER. This provision is proposed
to be stricken out because it seemed to be
introducing again into legislation the doctrine
of preserving unexpended balances.
Mr. NYE. The doctrine of unexpended
balances gave us a good deal of trouble in the
Navy.
Mr. SAWYER. And therefore I do not
want to renew it.
Mr. NYE. I do not propose tohave it arise
here unless the Senate shall deem it necessary.
Everybody knows what that $50,000 was appro-
priated for, and it is all that was to be appro-
priated to carry out that expedition. The
expedition will be ready to sail in the month
of May or by the 1st of June, before the fiscal
year ends. Professor Hall goes upon his ex-
pedition, and he finds that next, year he has
got to get an appropriation through Congress
to supply the balance of this $50,000 that is
covered into the Treasury. I hope this will
not be done, that the object of the appropria-
tion will not be thwarted in that way. Every-
body knew what the appropriation was for, and
the House have put this clause into this bill
to save it.- The immediate representatives of
the people feel a great anxiety in having this
expedition a success, and they have provided, 1
think, wisely in this way. I hope it will stand
as the sense of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. There is a great deal of reluc-
tance on the part of the Committee on Ap-
propriations to establish a rule of excepting
from the provision of law any amount which
is liable to be returned into the Treasury as
unexpended. There can be no necessity for
this proviso for a long time to some. This
money will be available, as I understand,
until the end of the next fiscal year, the SOth
of June, 1872. There will be an abundance
of time between this and that to keep out
of the Treasury any unexpended balances, if
there should be such, liable to go into the
Treasury. If at the end of that time there
should be some portion of this appropriation
unexpended, and it should revert to the Treas-
ury, I have no question in my mind but that
Congress would readily reappropriate that
amount for the purpose of carrying out the
objects of this expedition, of which I for one
approve as heartily as does the Senator from
Nevada. I believe the purpose for which this
money was appropriated is a most worthy and
justifiable one.
Mr. NYE. You will find it greatly embar-
rassed if you strike out the proviso.
Mr. COLE. I hope not.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senate will not strike
it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. NYE. I wish to say just one word
more. It would result in this, probably—cer-
tainly it would if I had the management of
the expedition : he will draw the money imme-
diately and put it in his pocket. There is no
desire to do that. This man is fitting out this
expedition in perfect good faith; and the proper
place for that money is to remain where it is ;
but here is an amendment the effect of which
is to cover it back into the Treasury to wait for
another appropriation. Mr. President, I would
rather go to the north pole barefoot than
to attempt to get an appropriation through
Congress, and I would come back sounder
than 1 would in that attempt. [Laughter.] •
Mr. COLE. Before the Senator from Ne-
vada takes his seat will he allow me to ask him
a question ?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. Will not this money be needed
to fit out the expedition which is to start on
the 1st of May? Will not every cent of it
probably be required before the expedition
starts and before the present fiscalyear closes ?
Mr. NYE. Then what do you want to put
it in the Treasury for, or make a provision for
its going there? It, is a provision that there
is no sense in making.
Mr. COLE. This proviso in the bill that
came from the House we propose to strikeout.
It is a proviso that the appropriation shall not
revert to the Treasury. We strike that out,
leaving the money, if there should be any, to
revert to theTreasury as all other moneys do.
Mr. NYE. Suppose there should be $500
not used on the 1st of July, it goes intothe
Treasury, and although he may want it the next
day he cannot get if, Tor another year.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is some doubt
whether or not the fifth section of the act. of
July 12, 1870, would carry the unexpended
balance of this appropriation to the general
fund. My own opinion is with the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, that it will not. Both
these matters of legislation are in the same
act. The fifth section of the act referred to
declares—
"That all balances of appropriations contained in
the annual appropriation bills and made specifically
for theservice ot any fiscal year, and remaining unex-
pended at the expiration of such fiscal year, shall
only be applied to tho paymcntot expenses properly
incurred during that year, or to the fulfillment of
contracts properly made within that year; and such
balances not needed lor the said purposes shall bo
carried to the surplus fund : Provided, That thi< sec-
tion shall not apply to appropriations known as
permanent or indefinite appropriations."
The same law, section nine, contains the
appropriation for the expedition in search of
the north pole, about which we had so much
humorous discussion at the last session. If
this $50,000 is not drawn out of the Treasury
during this year, the item being in an annual
appropriation bill, it might possibly be carried
to the surplus fund, and a draft of this expe-
dition, when on its way, might, remain unpaid
unless there be contracts specifically made dur-
ing the present fiscal year. I suppose from the
nature of the case it is doubtful whether there
would be a contract. Probably the money is
not expended in pursuance of a contract, like
one for constructing a public building, but it
is expended from time to time for the ordinary
expenses of the expedition on its voyage and
paid by draft on theTreasury. As i t is not the
desire of the Committee on Appropriations to
carry this money to the surplus fund, so as to
interfere with or repeal the ninth section of
the act, my advice is that we let Ihe proviso
stand as it is, because there might be some
doubt whether or not the fifth section of the
act of July last would not. carry the unexpended
balance on the 1st of July next to the surplus
fund. To avoid any ambiguity, I think, there-
fore, it would be better to leave the proviso as
it was sent to us bv the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
chairman of the Committee oil Appropriations
insist on the amendment?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am exceedingly anx-
ious to vote with my honorable friend from
Nevada; but I should like a pledge from him
before I do so. I have been voting against
him heretofore. My fears have been that if
we discovered the north pole he would next
year ask us to subsidize a line of steamers
to the north pole. [Laughter.] If he will
pledge himself not to advocate subsidizing a
Pacific Mail Steamship Company's line to the
north pole, [laughter,] I will vote with him,
for I should like to discover the north pole.
Mr. NYE. I am happy to satisfy my friend.
If I do, I shall provide that they sail through
his deep water at the Detroit river and the
St. Clair flats. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 14, noes 20 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. WARNER. Let us have another divis-
ion; there is a quorum here. _
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will count the Senate again. _
The amendment was rejected, there being7
on a division—ayes 20, noes 25.
