1224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
Mr. Speaker, is comprised in a volume of three
hundred and twenty closely printed pages. It
will be manifest to the House' that it is alto-
gether impossible for any gentleman to discuss
the case fully and thoroughly in the very short
time that is allotted to us for the purpose of
discussion. I can only glance at some of the
prominent points that present themselves in
this record.
The first.question which properly presents
itself is as to whether this committee are jus-
tified in rejecting the vote of the county of
Lincoln. We have held that the Governor,
although he did reject that vote, had not the
legal right to do so. At the same time we
hold that the House of Representatives is the
sole and only proper judge as to the validity
and legality of all elections of members to this
House, and that it is our duty to examine the
case upon the merits and decide the question
in regard to this county and all other counties
and districts that are in question here upon
the testimony as it is presented. I think the
committee are justified in rejecting the vote
of Lincoln upon several considerations. In
the first place, Mr. Speaker, there is no law in
the State of Tennessee now in force or in force
upon the day of this election which authorized
anybody to hold an election except the com-
missioner of registration. There was an old
law in force prior to the rebellion embodied
in the code of Tennessee which authorized
certain other officers to hold the election, but
that had been superseded by the act of 1868,
which constituted this officer as theonly officer
authorized to hold the election.
The commissioner of registration for the
county of Lincoln was removed by the Gov-
ernor for what he believed to bS good cause.
It is immaterial to this case whether the
cause was good or not, because the power of
removal was vested in the Executive by the
statutes of Tennessee. There was therefore
110 commissioner of registration in the county
of Lincoln to hold an election, and there was
no other person authorized to do it. It is
true, however, that only two days before the
election certain gentlemen, doubtless inter-
ested in securing the casting of a number of
votes there in favor of the contestant, pre-
vailed upon the county court of Lincoln county
to assume the power of authorizing the hold-
ing of an election in that county. The county
court of Lincoln county, I think, only the day
bpfore the election sent out the order to some
of the districts in that county, and under that
order, upon twenty-four hours' notice, there
was an attempt made in seven out of the
twenty-five districts in the county of Lincoln
to hold an election. This election was void,
because the county court had no shadow of
authority to order the election. It was void
because there was no notice given of the elec-
tion. It is a well-settled principle that no pop-
ular election can beheld valid unless notice is
given by a proclamation made to the voters
in accordance with the law lequiring it. And
in this case, if there had been no statute, it is
a sound principle of law, independent of all
statute, that an election which is held upon one
day's notice in a large and sparsely populated
county like that, under circumstances pre-
venting the circulation of notice through the
county, ought to be held void.
OllBER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I rise to a point of
order. The hour of half past one o'clock to-
day was fixed for the consideration of the
report with regard to General Howard. That
time having arrived, I claim that the Commit-
tee on Education and Labor has the floor.
Sir. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I trust the
House will give unanimous consent for ray
colleague 011 the committee [Mr. McCrary]
to finish his remarks.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled
to advise the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Townhend] that the record of the Jour-
nal assigned the floor to the case of General
Howard after the morning hour.
Mr. TOWNSEND. The time to-day was
fixed by unanimous consent at half past one.
The SPEAKER. That was the impression
of the Chair. There were two orders made that
day, one for the bill for the defense of the
Texas frontier, which was absolutely fixed at
half past one. The impression of the Chair was
the same as that of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Townsend,] but the record of
the Journal and also of the Globe is that the
case of the Freedmen's Bureau was fixed for
this day after the morning hour.
Mr. TOWNSEND. Permit me to say that
in the absence of the chairman of the commit-
tee, [Mr. Arnell,] who made the motion, my
recollection is distinctly that it was made
a special order to the exclusion of all other
business at half past one, and that was unani-
mously consented to by the House..
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
order: whether.it is not too late now to con-
tradict the Journal, or to eorrect it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair and members
alike are bound by the Journal. The Journal
can only be corrected after it is read.
Mr. TOWNSEND. We are not in the morn-
ing hour now, are we ?
The SPEAKER. We are not. The election
case has thus far excluded the morning hour.
If there be no objection, as such the Chair is
compelled to believe was the understanding of
the House, the ease of the Freedmen's Bureau
will be proceeded with when the election case
shall be disposed of.
Mr. ASPER. I object.
Mr. KERR. I hope by consent the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. McCrary] will be allowed
to conclude his remarks.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I have no objection to
the gentleman concluding his remarks with the
understanding that when he closes his remarks
the case of General Howard shall come up.
Mr. DICKEY. At the end of his remarks
we will vote on the case.
Mr. CULLOM. How long does the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. McCrary] expect to
continue the discussion of this case?
Mr. McCRARY. I intend to confine myself
to half an hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Brooks]
to yield the remainder of his time to the gen-
tleman from Iowa.
Mr. McCRARY. I supposed there was half
an hour of that time remaining.
Mr. KERR. He yielded to me half an hour,
having consumed twenty minutes himself, and
the balance of his half hour remained.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Massachusetts that he would
occupy the floor one hour. Half an hour was
consumed by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr,] and when the gentleman from
Indiana concluded there.remained something
over ten minutes, about twelve minutes, of tlie
gentleman's hour. There still remain five
minutes of that hour.
Mr. CULLOM. If the vote is taken at the
expiration of the hour I should think we might
dispose of this case first and then take up the
report of the Committee on Education and
Labor in regard to the Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. ASPER. I object to taking up that.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I would like to
inquire whether, if the Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor have time immediately after
this case is finished, it will dispense with the
morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It would do so; at least
the morning hour would not come on in that
event until after that case was disposed of.
election contest sheaf1s vs. tillman.
The House resumed the consideration of the
contested-election case.
Mr. McCRARY. I say, then, the commit-
tee were justified i  rejecting the vote of Lin-
coln county, because there was no notice of
the election, because there was no officer
authorized to hold it, independent of the proof
which is in the record here as to the intimida-
tion and fraud which prevailed throughout that
county. The fact that 654 votes were cast for
Mr. Sheafe and only 5 votes in the entire county
for Mr. Tillman strongly corroborates what I
have said. Throwingout, then, the vote of Lin-
Coin county, there remain three other counties
about which there is a eontest with regard to
some of the districts in those counties. The
commissionerof registration himself, in making
his return of the votes to the Governor of the
State, certified that the officers were not sworn,
and " that many voted without registration."
I suppose that certificate is at least prima facie
evidence of that fact, and so far as these dis-
tricts are concerned the burden of proof is upon
the contestant to show that they were legal.
And, besides that, there was such a state of
affairs existing in a number of these districts
as precluded the possibility of a fair eleetion
being held. I am as much in favor as is the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] of decid-
ing these election cases upon well-established,
sound judicial principles. But I think that an
election which is controlled by intimidation,
an election at which a large portion of the
voters are prevented from expressing their
opinions by a free, fair ballot, ought to be held
as a void election by every court and by this
House. This is a sound rule in law and ia
justice, and in equity as well.
I have not time to read from the volume of
evidence to show that the committee were
justified in rejecting the vote of the several
districts which they have seen fit to throw out.
I may, however, very briefly state some of the
facts which are established. *
Abraham F. Lillard, a member of the Legis-
lature of Tennessee from Marshall county, and
evidently a most worthy and truthful man, tes-
tifies that just before the election a company
of disguised men came to his house and re-
mained some hours; that they stated their
purpose to be "to keep the negroes down; "
that as "the law would not do it for them they
felt justified in doing it for themselves ; that
they were a disfranchised body and did not in-
tend to submit to such laws." He also shows
that prominent men among the conserva-
tives upheld and sustained these men. Mr.
Lillard swears that during the session of the
Legislature he was afraid to visit his home.
He and his friends slept out in the woods at
night, being afraid to remain in his house.
He also shows that there was such intimida-
tion at the polls in the tenth civil district of
Marshall county, where this witness was one
of the judges, that few Republicans voted after
the first recess which occurred in the forenoon.
Some young men remarked about this time
that enough negro votes had been cast, and 110
more were cast. Such was the extent of the
intimidation that two of the judges and one
of the clerks, who were Republicans, did not
vote. This witness was insulted and menaced
at the polls and followed about by a crowd
of young men who were armed. He swears
that the Ivuklux—
"Were frequently reported riding in the night
time in disguise, and making threats against tlia
colored voters.if they were caught at the polls ou
election day that they would be either whipped or
driven from their places of abode."—lteeorH. pages
214 to 247.
In Manchester precinct,, Coffee county, a col-
ored man, and a Republican, swears that the
Kuklnx came to his house the night before the
election. He escaped by running away before
they reached the house. They searched for
him and made loud threats. They broke the
glass out of his window and tore up the floor.
This man went to the polls the next day and
voted the Democratic ticket through ftar. In
the same county, Alexander Jennigan, ajustice
