1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
399
who are benefited by our granting copyrights
and patent-rights? If so, then the whole course
of our legislation in that respect is in direct
conflict with the Constitution. I should like
to know how the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thurman] gets ridof that argument which he
has applied to this case, when extended to
patents and to copyrights, and to other things
which the Government of the United States is
required or expected to do in performance of
its duty and its obligations to the people of the
country ?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment to the
twenty fifth section made as in Committee of
the Whole.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 26 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Fenton, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, ilarlan, Harris. Howell, Jewett,
Morrill of Vermont, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Scott, Sherman, Trumbull, Warner, and Wil-
ier—2'i.
NAYS—Messrs.Bayard, Brownlow. Casserly.CoIc,
Cnnkling, Corbett, Davis. Fowler. Gilbert, Hamilton
of Maryland. Johnston, Kellogg, McCreery, Morton,
Nye, Rice, Saulsbury, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Vickers. Williams, and
Wilson—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Cattell, Chandler, Cra-
gin, Edmunds, Ferry, Flanagan, Howard, Howe,
Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Osborn. Pom-
ercy, Revels, Robertson, Ross. Sawyer, Schurz,
Sprague, Thayer, Window, and Yates—23.
Mr. SUMNER. There is an amendment
which I wish to suggest to my friend, the chair-
man .of the committee, in section nineteen. As
it reads now, the Mint is obliged upon one side
of each of the coins to put an impression
emblematic of Liberty, with an inscription of
the word " Liberty.'1 What I want to suggest
to my friend is to strike out the requirement
that there shall be an inscription of the word
"Liberty." It seems to me that it is better
to have simply a head emblematic of Liberty
without writing upon that head the word. The
Senate remember very well the story of an-
tiquity, of the artist who was not very far
advanced, who, after painting a horse, wrote
under it, " This is a horse," and so of a lion,
"This is a lion;" and it seems to me the
requirement that on the head of Liberty there
should be the word is too much according to
that ancient precedent. I would therefore sug-
gest that the words in lines four and five, "an
inscription of the word ' Liberty,' " be struck
out, so that we shall have the head ofLibertj',
and everybody shall be able to recognize it
from its beauty.
Mr. COLE. I would inquire of my learned
friend if there is any definite, distinct emblem
of Liberty. I see it represented in several
different forms or by several different heads or
busts in this and other countries.
Mr. SUMNER. I would say to my friend
that I would leave that to our artists. It seems
to me that our Mint calling on our artists might
obtain a head that we should all gladly recog-
nize as typical.
Mr. COLE. The one on the Capitol?
Mr. SUMNER. I doubt it. .
Mr. MORTON. I am greatly afraid that my
friend from Massachusetts is progressing back-
ward. He is already moving to strike out
the word "liberty." [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out of lines four and five of section nineteen
the words "with an inscription of the word
'liberty " so as to read:
Upon one sido of each of said coins there shall be
an impression emblematic of Liberty, and the year
of the coinage.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have a vote
by yeas and nays on the passage of the bill
The yens and nays were ordeied; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 00, nays 14; as follows:
SEAH—Messrs. Bayard, Borema.n, Brownlow, Cas.
serly. Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Davis, Gilbert, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Jewett, Johnston, Kellogg, MoCreery,
Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pomcroy, Pool, Ramsey,
Rice. Saulsbury. Spencer, Stewart. Stockton, Sum-
ner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—
NAYS—Messrs.Abbott, Ames, Anthony,Bucking-
ham, Carpenter. Ch mdler, Fenton, Hamilton of
Texas, Harris, Howell, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt,
Scott, and Sherman—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Cragin, Ed-
munds. Ferry. Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton ofMary-
land, Howard, Howe, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of
Maine, Osborn, Revels, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer,
Schurz, Sprague, Thayer, and Windom—22.
So the bill was passed.
RECOMMENDATIONS TO OFFICE.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
special order before the Senate, on which the
Senator from Illinois is entitled to the floor—
Senate bill No. 298.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Does the Senator wish to
go on with that ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I intended to go on with
it to-day, and supposed that it would be taken
up at one o'clock.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not wish to antag-
onize any bill to it if the Senator wishes to go
on ; otherwise I should like to call up a bill
reported by the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to call up the
bill which is the special order, not so much
with a view of submitting any remarks of my
own as with a view to have the bill considered
and disposed of by the Senate. When it is
taken up I hope the Senate will continue the
consideration of it until we finally dispose of
it. I am willing to go on with it now, if it suits
the convenience of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 298) to relieve members of Congress from
importunity, and to preserve the independence
of the different, Departments of the Govern-
ment, is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, the pending question being on the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] to the amendment reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask to have the amend-
ment read as it is now pending.
The Chief Clei:k. It is proposed to insert
at the end of the reported amendment "nor
to any advice, verbal or in writing, which may
be'offered at the request, in writing, of the
President, or any head of a Department."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Read the whole of the
proposed amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary as it is proposed to be amended. _
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the bill and
to insert:
That hereafter it shall be unlawful for any Mem-
ber of either House of Congress, or Delegate fiom a
Territory, verbally or in writing, to solicit, recom-
mend, or advise the President of the United States,
or any head of a Department., or of any bureau
thereof, to appoint any person to office or employ-
ment; and it shall be unlawful for the President or
any head of a Department or bureau to make any
appointment so solicited, recommended, or advised
on the privity of the applicant; and any person who
shall violate this act shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
and, on conviction thereof, shall be finednotexeeed-
ing 81,1100: Provided, That this act shall not apply to
the action of Senators upon nominations submitted
by the President to the Senate, nor to any advice,
verbal or in writing, which may bo offered at the
request, in writing, of thePresident, or any head ot
a Department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. _ President, the
course of the debate when this bill was under
consideration the other day makes it neces-
sary that I should say something in regard to
the division of the powers of Government and
the constitutional authority of the legislative
department to interfere with appointments.
To see to appointments was assumed in that
discussion as a part of the function of a mem-
ber of Congress. Nothing, I think, is- mjjre
clearly defined in the Constitution of the L' ni-
ted States than the division of the powers of
Government. The theory of our Government
is a division of powers, both national and j
State—~
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow rae
to inquire whether he refers to what I said?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do refer to what the
Senator said.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator must have
misunderstood me. I did not intend to say
that it was a constitutional power, or a part of
the functions of a Representative or Senator
growing out of the Constitution, to recom-
mend persons for office. I merely intended
to say that he had the same right as everybody
else in this country; that he was not deprived
of that right because of his election; and I
intended further to say that there was eminent
propriety in it; that it was to the advantage of
the Government that he should have and enjoy
that right. That is all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator's lan-
guage, as reported, was this:
"Why. sir, I should be glad to bo relieved of this
labor. It is particularly afflicting to me in my pres-
ent state of health. But what right have i to be
relieved of it? If I take the office of Senator I take
it with its burdens."
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Alluding to this sub-
ject as a part of the burdens that were upon
him to make recommendations to office.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator himself had
complained of it as a burden, an importunity.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Government is based
upon a division of powers, and on the proper
maintenance of this division of powers, in my
judgment, depends the perpetuity of free insti-
tutions : the division of power in the first place
between the Federal and State governments,
the powers of a national and general character
being conferred on the Federal Government,
those relating to local and domestic matters
being reserved to States; and then the powers
of the Federal Government are divided into
three departments, executive, legislative, and
judicial; and it was not the intention of the
iram ers ofthe Constitution that persons charged
with the execution of the duties of one of these
departments should exercise any of the rights
belonging to the others.
Under the Constitution all legislative power
granted by it is vested in the legislative depart-
ment, in a Congress of the United States. This
is the language of the Constitution. When we
come to the executive power it is declared
that it shall be vested in a President. What is
executive power? One of its functions is to
appoint officers; and there is an exception
made in the Constitution itself by which a por-
tion of the legislative power is permitted to
participate in the appointment of certain offi-
cers. That grows out of the clause which vests
the appointment of all officers in the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, with a provision that Congress may by law
vest the appointment of inferior officers eithet
in the President alone, m the heads of Depart-
ments, or in the courts of law. The only in-
terference that Congress or any member of
Congress legitimately has with the appointment
of officers is in giving the advice and consent
of the Senate to the nominations that are made
by the President. With that exception this
whole executive power is vested in the execu-
tive department, and so far from its being
unconstitutional to prohibit interference by
members of Congress with appointments, it
is carrying out the very spirit of the Constitu-
tion to prohibit such interference, and it is an
encroachment on the rights of the Executive
whenever appointments are made or dictated
by members of Congress from either House.
And such, Mr. President, was the" early un-
derstanding. For the first forty or fifty years
of the Government members of Congress did
not interfere with appointments. _ It was
regarded at that time as exceedingly indelicate
and improper for a member of Congress to go
to the President, or to any head of a Depart-
ment, and suggest the name of a person for
office. I recollect to have read recently a
letter written by Mr. Wirt some forty or fifty
