1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1227
An act (H. II. No. 2309) granting a pension
to Mary W. Ensminger ;
An act (H. E. No. 2319) granting a peusion
to James A. Buck ;
An act (H. 11. No. 2310) granting a pension
to George VV. Sublett ;
Ail act (H. It. No. 2332) granting a pension
to Sarah Gillett;
An act (H. R. No. 2317) granting a pension
to.Melissa Andrews;
An act (H. 11. No. 2297) granting a pension
to Isabella Smith;
An act (H. R. No. 2301) granting a pension
to Louisa P. Shellhart;
An act (H. R. No. 2318) granting a pension
to Abigail Dix;
An act (II. R. No. 1521) relinquishing to
the city of Dubuque, Iowa, whatever title may
remain in the United States to a certain lot of
ground in Dubuque;
An act (H. R. No. 2236) granting a pension
to Mary J. Pearson ;
An act (H. R. No. 2296) granting a pension
to William Sickles;
An act (H. R. No. 2921) to repeal an act
entitled "An act for the survey of grants or
claims of land," approved June 2, 1862 ;
An act (H. R. No. 2490) to amend an act
entitled "An act to confirm title to certain
lands in Illinois;"
Ati act (H. R. No. 2372) for the relief of
certain purchasers of lands from the legal
representatives of Bartholomew Cousin ;
An act (H. R. No. 2333) granting a pension
to William JErwin;
An act (H. R. No. 1407) granting a pension
to Mrs. Eliza Webb, widow of Darnel S. Webb,
iate a private in company G, eighth regiment
of Tennessee cavalry;
An act (II. R. No. 1339) for the relief of
Maria Lea;
An act (H. R. No. 1193) granting a pension
to Thomas J. Fiss:
An act (H. R. No. 415) confirming the title
of Nathan Boyer to certain lands in the State
of Michigan;
An act (H. R. No. 175) to cede to the State
of Ohio the unsold lands in the Virginia mili-
tary district in said State;
An act (H. R. No. 1338) granting a pension
to Martha Davis;
An act (H. R. No. 2308) granting a pension
to Abraham Tufflemire;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 484) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Interior to dispose of
certain documents; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 499) authorizing
the Farmers' National Bank of Fort Edward,
New York, to change its location and name.
ELECTION CONTEST—-SHBAFE VS. TILLMAN.
Mr. TILLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I did not
intend to ask the indulgence of the House,
or to trespass upon its time m a further dis-
cussion of a case in which I am directly inter-
ested. I was willing to leave the discussion of
it to the members of the Committee of Elec-
tions and such other members of this House
as might see proper to take part in the dis-
cussion, and to say nothiug myself unless the
contestant should be allowed to speak in the
case. And even now, if there is any objection
to taking up more of the time of the House in
the further consideration of this case, 1 will
only ask liberty to have printed in the Globe
what I desire to say.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Then I will
object, if the gentleman would as soon have
an order of the House to print his remarks in
the Globe.
Mr. TILLMAN. I meant to say that I
would like to crave the indulgence of the
House to make a few remarks; but that, as
there has been so much time consumed upon
this case, 1 will not take more of the time of
the House myself, if any serious objection is
made to it by any one. Permit me at least to
say that I understand the Committee of Elec-
tions to have decided this case upon its own
merits, and not upon the merits or demerits
of Governor Bbownlow. You have heard the
passionate speech made by the contestant here.'
He endeavors to divert the attention of the
House from the decision of the committee,
which was made without any reference to any
action whatever of the Governor.
Now, that speech of his was entirely unne-
cessary. I knew before he spoke here what
would be the character of his speech. It is
nothing new to me. I have been for a long
time acquainted with his manner and mode of
speaking. But I cannot permit what he said
here to go to my constituents at home without
some reply from me. His speech is made here,
not for the purpose of influencing the minds
of honorable members here, but to endeavor
to fasten upon me among my constituents, his
rebel friends at home, the odium of occupying
a seat to which he says he is entitled. And I
will go on with my remarks now, or I will
submit to any indication on the part of mem-
bers that I should refrain from speaking, and
print my remarks in the Globe.
Many Mkmbers. Go on; go on.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. TILLMAN. Very well. '
Mr. COX. What was the result of the last
election in Tennessee in the fourth congres-
sional district?
Mr. TILLMAN. I will tell you the whole
of that if you will listen to me. And in order
that I might not be betrayed into saying that
which was not -true, or which is not sus-
ceptible of proof in this case, I have taken the
precaution to reduce to writing the remarks I
intended to make, and I will now proceed to
read them.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I rise to a point
of order.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman will state it.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I understand the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Tillman] is
speaking by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mis-
taken ; such is not the case.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Who granted him
time?
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Brooks,] who has charge of
this case, moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House has adopted the resolutions
reported by the majority of the Committee of
Elections in this case. That motion opened
the whole case for debate. At the conclusion
of his hour the gentleman did not seek the
floor to call the previous question, and there
is no limit to the debate.
Mr. TILLMAN. I will be as brief as I can.
Mr. Speaker, I did not intend to trespass
upon the courtesy and time of the House in
making any remarks in this case, but to leave
the matter to the committee and such other
members as mignt see proper to participate ;
but since the contestant has been heard in his
own behalf, it may be expected, and becomes
my duty to have somewhat to say.
The speech of the contestant just made, Mr.
Speaker, contains nothing new to me: it was
more modified in tone, manner, and spirit,
but the same in substance, that I have fre-
quently heard as to the oppression imposed
upou his ex-rebel friends in Tennessee by the
Republican party, of which 1 am an humble
member. The gistof much of it may be found
in his own language, used in his printed argu-
ment submitted to the committee, where he
asserts that bis friends in Tennessee "have
been the most patient, long-suffering, and
heroic people during all of the long night ot
their oppression, since the reorganization of
their State, which the annals of any age or
country can show."
But, Mr. Speaker, I want to know where
is the proof that any ex-rebel 111 Tennessee
has been denied any privilege, not common to
all, except some political restrictions imposed
! by the Congress ot the United States and the
reorganized State government of Tennessee,
accepted and approved by Congress.
To enforce those restrictions has, in conse-
quence of a fixed purpose 011 the part of some
of his friends to evade them, required some
strong legislation on the part of Congress as
well as the State of Tennessee. But a com-
plete refutation that they ground his friends to
dust is found in the fact that they have proved
futile to restrain them, and that now and for
some time his friends have possessed every
department of the State government, and are
now running it through men not only obnox
ious to the laws of Tennessee, (lawlessly
trampled under their feet,) but to the laws of
this very Congress. And we are told that
t.hey are soon to have six out of the eight Rep-
resentatives in this House, and one of the Sen-
ators. Such a political showing, Mr. Speaker,
of to-day for the ex-rebels of Tennessee is
utterly irreconcilable with their oppression of
yesterday as pictured by the contestant.
Mr. Speaker, the contestant has made allu-
sion to the operations of the Kuklux, and
given his views in regard thereto, but also 111
quite a diluted form from those in his printed
argument, where he says, "I shall not deny
that outrages were committed in the fourth
congressional district of Tennessee; that some
of them were of a very aggravated nature,
and that some, but not many of them, occurred
about the time of the election in question.
But as to which party they benefited then,
or which party looks and longs for them now
as the very breath of its nostrils, and as to
who perpetrated many of these outrages, are
questions about which the contestee and
myself would probably differ."
Mr. Speaker,, we certainly differ, and no
probability about it, if he really, believes the
language I have just quoted; and while from
his stand-point it is possible he believes it, I
cannot see how others, whose duty it is to look
at the testimony in the case without partiality,
can have the shadow of a doubt as to which
party committed them, and also which parly
got the benefit of them. When the proof
shows that no persons molested in any way
by the disguised raiders were Democrats, and
that when the election came off and the votes
were counted out his party had increased its
vote two thousand, and the Republican vote
was diminished near six thousand, and near
five thousand voters had been made to stay
away from the polls, as compared with the
election of August, 1867, I am sure these
facts should remove the doubts, if any there
be, from the minds of those even of his side
of the House. For to bold, as is intimated
by the contestant and the minority report,
that the Republicans themselves were the dis-
guised raiders that threatened, whipped, shot,
and hung their political friends is too absurd
to be listened to for a moment. It would be
as ridiculous and untenable as to assert that
a man assaulted by another bit off his own
nose to whip his adversary.
That the contestant received a majority of
the votes nominally cast is not disputed, and
the majority would have held hint legally
elected, notwithstanding the irregularity of
many of the returns, had not the committee
been satisfied that such fear and intimidation
prevailed through the illegal violence of the
contestant's friends as made it the duty of
the committee to reject returns not having the
sanction of law. I therefore, Mr. Speaker,
propose to refer to a few of the most promi-
nent acts and doings of the mysterious order
to show that the conclusion of the committee
is more than sustained by the proof. I wish,
however, to first read a few extracts from the
report of General George H. Ihomas for tne
year 1868, which may be seen in fall in Execu-
tive Document No.-1, Fortieth Congress, third
session, House of Representatives:
" With the close of the last and beginniog: of the
new year the State of Tennessee was disturbed hy
(be stranso operations of a niystorious oiK.imsaiion
