1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1839
of the Navy. In this country they are con-
tracted for by advertisement and under a care-
fully-guarded law. But immense quantities
of coal are required at certain coaling stations
in foreign countries for the use of our naval
vessels, and there is no law requiring that kind
of supplies to be furnished in pursuance of
advertisement. The supplies of that sort are
carried from this country, and there is no guard
against abuses.
The last clause of this section is also very
useful, because the paymasters of the Navy
purchase every kind of supplies on foreign
stations, and it is alleged that sometimes they
pay several prices for those supplies, and there
is no check or guard upon them. Now, what
is the objection to requiring these paymasters
to get an official certilieate frofti the resident
consul or consular agent of the United States,
if ihero be one, that they do not pay more than
the ordinary ruling market prices in that coun-
try ? The intercourse between the paymasters
of the vessels and the consuls is constant, and
I see no difficulty in that provision, it is an
attempt to put a check on what are supposed
to be abuses. I do not know anything about
the particular circumstances which gave rise
to this amendment; but I know that the de-
livery of'coal from this country in foreign
countries years ago did give rise to a great
many abuses.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Ohio has
anticipated in part what I rose to say. It was
to call the attention of the Senator from Maine
to the fact that there are two classes of pur-
chases provided for in this section: first, that
class for which contracts are made in this coun-
try to be executed abroad ; second, those eases
in which purchases are to be made abroad.
The section provides for advertisement in two
papers in New York for contracts of the first
class, which are to be made in this country,
and the supplies to be furnished abroad. Then
it requires that purchases of the second class,
which are made abroad, shall have the certifi-
cate of the consular agent that they are made
at the ruling market price at the port or place
where they are made. So that this section
does not prevent purchases abroad at all, but
simply provides a mode by which the Govern-
ment is io be protected against paying more
than the ruling market prices for purchases
made abroad. I think the section is entirely
pioper.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations, to strike out the
thi rd section of the bill, on which a division has
been demanded.
Theamendment was rejected—ayes five, noes
not counted.
The next amendment was to strike out the
fourth section of the bill, as follows :
That the President be, and he is hereby, author-
ized io accept the resignation of any officer in the
N.ivy until the number of officers in the grade to
ivhieli such o(lieer shall belong is reduced to the dum-
bt-r i'Uthomed by l.iw, whose resignation shall take
effect on or before the i-t day of January next, and
any otiieer so resigmnsshali be entitled tooneyear's
sea pay in ;<dd'tiun to the pay due such officer at the
dale when his l esigmi tion shal! take effect: Provided.
'l'hat this aet shall not apply when the number of
officers shall have been reduced to the nuiiibei
allowed by law.
Mr. THUUMAN. I should like to have a
little explanation of this section. It provides—•
Tha t the President be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to aeccpt the resignation of any o^ticer in tde
Niiiy until the number of officers in the grade to
which sueh officer snail belong is reduced to the
number authorized by law.
That imports that there are no-,v more offi-
cers than are authorized by law. I do not
understand that. I think we ought to have
some explanation of it.
Mr. OiiAGIN". By a law passed last July
fixing the pay ofofficers of the Navy the num
bers of certain grades were defined, while at
the same time it was provided that the law
should not vacate the commission of any offi-
cer now in the Navy, but there should be no
promotions in that grade until the number was
reduced to the number fixed by that law, and
thereafter that should be the number of that
grade. It so happens that in some of the
grades there are more officers than are allowed
by law according to that provision. This sec-
tion is in the interest of economy. It is pre-
cisely the same section, I believe word for
word, that was adopted in the Army bill at the
last session.
Mr. THURMAN. The explanation of the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
is entirely satisfactory.
Mr. CiiAGIN. I cannot see how any per-
son can be opposed to this section. There
are now, let me say, about one hundred and
eighty lieutenant commanders and the law
only authorizes eighty whenever they shall be
reduced to that number. This section will
give an opportunity for one hundred of those
officers to resign and receive pay for one year
after such resignation, and of course that will
be economy to the Government. There are
also some supernumerary assistant paymas-
ters, and I think a few assistant surgeons, who
could resign under this provision.
Mr. COLE. This is legislation upon an
appropriation bill, and the numerous com-
plaints that have been raised against such legis-
lation are a sufficient reason why we should
seek to exclude such legislation from an appro-
priation bill. The explanation of the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, however,
that this section is in the direction of economy,
goes a great way toward obviating any objec-
tion that I may have to the provision as it came
to us from the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations, to strike out the fourth sec-
tion of the bill.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This com-
pletes the amendments proposed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. STOCKTON. Is the bill now open to
further amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. CRAG IN. If the Senator from New
Jersey will allow me, I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the section we have just passed over
in relation to the floating-dock. I desire to
propose an amendment by which outside par-
ties may furnish plans, so that there may be
as many plans furnished the Navy Department
as possible, in order that they may select the
best.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from New Jersey yield for that pur-
pose ?
Mr. STOCKTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRAG1N." Then I offer the following
amendment, to be inserted as a proviso to the
second section-:
Provided, That if it is thought best by a board
consisting of the chiefs of the liureaus of Construc-
tion and Repair, Steam Engineering, and Ynrdsand
Docks, that plans and speeiticationssh.ill be invited
from responsible huilders, engineers, and others out-
side of the Navy Department, the Secretary of the
Navy may, by public advertisement as provided in
this section, advertise for such plans and specifica-
tions to accompany bids for the construction of_the
dock according to the same, in which ease the Sec-
retary of the Navy shall refer ail such plans and
specifications and bids, and the biis on the plans
furnished by the Department, to a board of at least
five experienced officers, a majority of whom shall
be constructor-s and engineers,_ and one of whom
may be an experienced civil engineer, who shall con-
sider and report which of all the bids is the lowestlor
the purposes of til's contract, taking into c'onsideui-
tion the plans and specifications on whiett tiifiv nro
respectively made: Provided, hmoever, iiiat if tne
contract shall bo awarded upon plans and specifica-
tions furnished by peisons outside of the Depait-
raent, such contract shall not bo entered into unless
the contractor shall turnish yood and sufficient
security in at least SSUO.OIA). in addition to the ics-
ervation on said contract, that the dock, whon com-
ploted, sh.ill be portable and safe, and shall in all
respects answer the purposesior which it was built.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I believe there is now no
limitation to the cost of this dock ; and I move
to insert after the words proposed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio these words:
And provided further. That the cost of the dock
provided for in this section shall not exceed the sum
of$l, 000,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatamend-
ment is in order.
Mr. NYE. I did not understand the amend-
ment.
Mr. CORBETT. The limitation in the sec-
tion was stricken out by the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio. It was originally provided
in the section that the cost should not exceed
$1,000,000, and I now propose this amend-
ment as a limitation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that ihe
noes appeared to have is.
Mr. COilBBTT. I call for a division.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand that the
proposition of the Senator from Oregon is to
limit the expense of this dock to $l,0u0,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have it
reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from California give way until the amend-
ment can be reported?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
The Chief Cleric read the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia wiii pardon me a moment, I ask the Sec-
retary to report the words that will precede
this amendment, and the Senalor from Ore-
gon will see that therestriction to $1,000,000
is not stricken out.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That the Secretary of the Navy is hereby author- '
ized to have built, by contract in some private yard,
a floating iron dock for the repair of naval vessels on
their stations, and a sura not exceeding $1,000,001)
is hereby appropriated for this purpose.
Mr. CONKLING. Those words are not
stricken out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is no limitation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Doesthe Sen-
ator from Oregon withdraw the amendment?
Mr. CORBE TT. No, sir. The woids read
do not cover the case. I propose that it shall
not exceed that sum.
Mr. CONKLING. I only wished to cor-
rect the misapprehension of the Senator that
those words were stricken out. They were
not stricken out.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Secretary to
now read the whole section together, so that
we may understand whether there is any con-
tradiction in it or no.t.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
will he read as it now stands amended.
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows:
That the Secretary of the Navy is hereby author-
ized to have buiit, by contract, in some private yard,
allotting iron dock, ior the repair ot naval vessels
on their stations, and a sum not exceeding Sl.OoO,000
is hereby appropriated ior this purpose. The said
contractsball only be made to the lowest respon?ibla
bidder, ami on plans and specifications which shall
be open for the inspection oi bidders for at least
ninety days before the day of letting ot said contract,
after the public notice by advertisement for at least
thirty days in at least one daily newspaper published
in each of the cities of .Boston, New York, and I>hu-
adelphia, inviting *ealed bids for such contract,
which bids shall be opened and the award ot the
contractmadepublicly by theSecretaryot the Navy,
at a time and place to be specified in buch notice:
Provided* That it it is thought best by a board con-
sisting of the chiefs of the Bureaus ot Construction
and ltepair, Steam Engineering, and "iards and
Docks, that plaus and specifications bhall bo invited
from i espoiwbie bidders, engineers, and others, out-
side of the Navy Department, the Secretary_of the
Navy may, by public advertisement, as provided in
this bection, advertise lor such plans and specifica-
tions to accompany bids for the construction oMhe
dock according to the same, m whioli case the feec-
retar}7 of the Navy thall reier till yueh plana and
spetiticiuious ami bids, and the bids on the plans
lurniahed by the Department, to a board ot at least
live experienced officers, a majority of whom shall
be coniti aeloi'a and engineers, and one oi whom
may be an experienced civil engineer, who snail con-
sider and report wmch ot all the bids is tpe lowest
for the purposes ot this contract, taking into con-
sideration the plans nod specifications on winch they
are respectively made: Provided, however, I hat it
the contract shall be awarded upon plans and speci-
fications furnished by persons outside of theJJepart-
ment, sueh eonlraetsball not be entered into unless
thecontraetorshallfurnish yoodandauflieieuUecur-
