1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
401
TVhat an offense! That the postmaster of the
city of New York should arrogate to himself
the right to appoint a subordinate in his office
from some congressional district without the
consent of the liepresentative from that dis-
trict! General Dix, however, did not yield to
the pressure of this Congressman. The rule
was not quite as firmly established then as
now. He replied to his letter, stating:
"i do not like the tone in which it is written. It
looks as though you supposed this office was to be
administered as it was under my predecessor, for the
benefit of individuals and not of the public. You
object to gentlemen in your congressional district
having the designation of appointments as U it had
been done already. I know no gentleman in or out
your district or any other district that has had or is
to have the designation of any appointment in this
office. I intend to designate appointments uiyself,
and to make them for the best good of the public
service. If you recommend a man to me for an ap-
pointment in your district, or out of it, your recom-
mendation will bo treated with the respectdue to
you, not only as a prominent citizen, but as one with
whom my intercourse has always been of the most
agreeable and friendly nature.
"If the man you recommend is better qualified, in
my opinion, than any other candidate, I shall ap-
point him. But if a better man is named by some
other person, even though it be a person to whom I
am entirely indifferent, I shall certainly deem it my
duty to give his nominee the preference. I think
any other principle of action would be unjust to the
Government and discreditable to myself. I regard
the practice which has grown up in some branches
of the public service of appointing persons to em-
ployments for the purpose of aiding candidates for
Congress, for the common council, and other official
positions, as one of the grossest abases under the
Government, and I think the developments which
have been made in regard to it have done quite as
much as anything else to impair the confidence of
tbecommunity in public men and to reduce the Dem-
ocratic party to its present unhopeful condition. I
do not know whether it is possible in the present
state of things to carry out the opposite principle
of administering office for the good of the public, but
do intend to try it on a small scale."
General Dix also states that attempts were
made at. that day to enforce assessments upon
the clerks and employ6s in the ofiice. Thus
showing that this abuse is not peculiar to the
present time. I think it lias grown and is
worse now than it ever was before; but still it
existed under former Administrations.
In view of these abuses, which were apparent
to the President of the United States, in his
annual message he called our attention to the
subject in this language :
" Always favoring practical reforms, I respectfully
call your attention to one abu«e of long standing,
which I would like to see remedied by this Congress.
It is a relorm in the civil service of the country. I
would have it go beyond the mere fixing of the tenure
of office of clerks and employes who do not require
* the advice and consent of the Senate' to make their
appointments complete. I would have it govern, not
the tenure, but the manner of making ail appoint-
ments. There is no duty which so much embar-
rasses the Executive and heads of Departments as
that of appointments; nor is there any such arduous
and thanklesslaborimposed on Senators andKepre-^
pentatives as that of finding places for constituents.
Thepresentsystem does-notsecurethebestmen, and
often not even fit men, for public place. The eleva-
tion and purification of the civil service of the Gov-
ernment will be hailed with approval by the whole
people of the United States."
That is the language of the President of the
United States in his recent message condemn-
ing the present practice, referring to the bur-
dens it imposes upon Senators and Represent-
atives and heads of Departments, and stating
the fact that it is an abuse that should be
remedied; and yet that is the system which
the Senator from Indiana is for continuing
and upholding. _ . o
What is the remedy for this state of things?
A civil service system has been proposed, one
where there should be competitive examina-
tions, and under which appointments should be
made without regard to politics, and the best
men should be sought to discharge the duties
of the respective offices to which they might be
appointed. I think if a system of that kind
could be devised it would be very desirable
that we should adopt it.
The remedy suggested by the late beeretary
of the Interior is—
"To apply to the civil service, completely and
thoroughly, the plainprinciplcsof common business
administration; to separate tue public offices, abso-
lutely and forever, from all favoritism, nepotism,
-No. 26.
and 'influence;'to declare patronage in all its forms
to be anti-republican and dangerous to the State;
to find and practice upon a principle of selection for
office which shall give every citizen of the country a
perfectly equal chance to prove his capacity and fit-
ness for the public service; and to obtain a position
in it when he has made the proof, with thorough
independence of President, Secretary, or Congress-
man, and simply and solely because of his citizen-
ship and his fitness." * * * * * *
"The entire separation of the civil service from
the control of politicians would secure it thorough
and impartial congressional criticism of all the ad-
ministrative bureaus and their operations. The sloth
and incompetence found in any Department now is
known by the members of Congress to be in no small
measure due to the fact that their own friends and
dependents have been forced into places. They
know, also, that the pruning-knife would reach their
own scions as quickly as another's'if retrenchment
under a better system were begun; and it requires
no ordinary character to pass a 'self-denying ordi-
nance'of that kind. There have not been wanting
demagogues who would declaim in faVor of reducing
the clcrical force, and march straight to a Depart-
ment with an earnest appeal to crowd in one more
clerk for tiiein; but few men have the assurance for
this."
That is the remedy suggested which is by
the late Secretary of the Interior. I think it a
proper one. 1 wish we could adopt it and cor-
rect the whole evil. That it is susceptible of
correction I have no doubt; and in confirma-
tion of this I desire to read a sentence or two
from a very able and eloquent lecture delivered
by a member of the British Parliament, Mr.
Mundella, some time last fall. He says:
"Until long after the passing of the first reform
bill offices were the reward of political services,
and very frequently of political dishonor."
Exactly as tliey are here.
" Of course, square men were often put into round
holes, and round men put into square holes. Not
unfrequently, when there was no liolo for the man
to fit, a hole was made to fit the man. Mr. Bright
characterized our civil and military services as a
system of out-door relief for the aristocracy. As a
consequence, John Bull paid dearly for his servants,
was very badly served, and found his taxation and
expenditure steadily increasing." * * * *
"Tho postal service was the first to be rescued from
the influence of politics. When Sir Rowland Hill
introduced those groat reforms which have changed
the postal tariffs of tho world he found success
would entirely depend upon his ability to secure the
best possible administrative talent. To this end
political appointments were abolished, the selection
of suitable officeis was vested with the heads of tho
departments, and efficiency and good service only
required as the tests for promotion. What is the
consequence? Tho postal department is as well
served as any private firm in Great Britain: I be-
lieve I should be justified in saying better served.
It is the one department of which all Englishmen
are proud. It is unequnled for punctuality, civility,
and dispatch. It has been able to go on steadily
with reductions and reforms."
In speaking of tho competitive system he
says:
' " The competitive system was adopted as the test
of fitness for ollicial employment; and I stand before
you the representative of one of tho largest constit-
uencies^ Kngland, without the power to iofluencein
the smallest degree the appointment of a custom-
house officer or an exciseman, I rejoice in this for
several reasons, personal and public. Personally, I
say no representative can be strictly independent who
touts after the executive for appointments. No man
can efficiently servo his constituents and his coun-
try whose time is occupied and mind harassed by
hunting after and dispensing patronage. Ho knows
that for every office he bestows ho is pretty sure to
make ninety-nine enemies and one ingrate. Tho
public reasons are still more potent. The prizes of
the State arc open to all classes, without distinction
of rank or social position. The child of the poor man
with brains lias the same chance as the son of a peer.
Tho effect of the system upon the education ot tho
people must be beneficial in the highest degree.
When it is once seen that the son of the artisan may
snatch the prize from his noblo competitors parents
will be more willing to make sacrifices for the edu-
cation of their children. Not only will the winners
be rewarded, but even the unsuccessfulwill be gain-
ers in intelligence and intellectual force. The nation
will gain every way. It will secure honest and com-
petent servants, whose tenure of office and promo-
tion will be solely dependent upon meritorious ser-
vice; and when representatives are chosen, not for
what they can get or can give, but for their knowl-
edge of political science, aud their power and dispo-
sition to serve tho fatherland, a higher tone may bo
expected to pervade tho circle of politics."
I have perhaps made myself somewhat tedi-
ous to the Senate ill reading these extracts at
length, but they set forth in strong language
and clearly the abuses which should be cor-
rected, as well as the remedy.
It was not to be expected that any measure
of reform would pass this body without oppo-
sition. Any bill which is calculated to destroy
an abuse will always encounter.tbe opposition
of those who profit by its continuance. That
is to be expected. And you are to expect a
bill which shall separate Congressmen from all
connection with official appointments to meet
not only the opposition of those persons who
owe their positions to the political influence of
tho member, but also the opposition of the
member himself to some extent.
Members will not support this bill, if any
sucli there be, who owe their nominations and
elections to the offices that they have farmed
out in their respective districts, to the promises
they have made to put this man in as assessor
and that one as collector in their districts, to
appoint one person postmaster at this cross-
roads and another in that village, to make one
an inspector and another a gauger of whisky
in their districts. Why, sir, in every effort to
reform an abuse of this kind we will encounter
the opposilion of those who profit by it, who
hang around the footstool of power and beg
offices for favorites as a reward for favors ren-
dered or expected.
Mr. Burke, in speaking upon a plan of
economical reform, in the British Parliament,
alluding to this plass of persons, used this lan-
"It must indeed bo admitted that many of the
nobility are as perfectly willing to act the" part of
flatterers, tale-bearers, parasites, pimps, and buffoons
as any of the lowest and vilest of mankind can pos-
sibly be."
That language might not ba inappropriate
if applied to some members of Congress who
owe their positions to the offices they have
promised, and which obsequiousness has en-
abled them to obtain. It is not to be expected
that that class of persons will support any bill
calculated to correct existing abuses.
The measure which I have introduced does
not go as far as recommended by Mr. Cox ; it
does not go as far as the measures which have
been adopted in Great Britain, which have se-
cured such substantial and beneficial reforms ;
but it is one step in the right direction. We
can probably pass no thorough bill, a bill
establishing competitive examinations, a bill
separating the appointment of subordinate
officers from politics, until we shall have first
separated Congressmen from all participation
in appointments, and then we shall be in a
condition to go to work and frame a bill that
shall accomplish a thorough reform in the civil
service.
Now, sir, what is the bill under considera-
tion? Several amendments have been pro-
posed to it since it was first introduced, but
the bill in the form in which I advocate it and
in which I introduced it amounts substantially
to this: it provides that it shall be unlawful
for any member of the Senate or House of
Representatives or Delegate from a Territory,
directly or indirectly, to recommend any per-
son to the President or the head of a Depart-
ment or the head of a bureau for appointment
to office or employment; it makes it a penal
offense for any member thus to recommend,
and prohibits the appointment of the person
recommended by a member if the recommend-
ation has been made with his privity. As the
bill is proposed to be amended it extends the
penalty and the punishment to all officers who
violate the law. I am not particular about
that provision. Perhaps it is extending it far
enough to impose a penalty upon members of
Congresswho make the recommendations, and
declare that it shall be unlawful for the heads
of Departments or the President to appoint a
person thus recommended.
If this bill could pass it would relieve mem-
bers of Congress very much from an unpleasant
duty that is imposed upon them by custom,
not by the Constitution. It is no part of their
official duty to have anything to do with recom-
mendations for office. So far from it, as I have
already stated, and I think shown, it is a vio-
lation of the spirit of the Constitution for them
to control the Executive in making appoint-
41st Cong. 3d Ses
