1228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
known as Kuklux Klan, which first made its appear-
ance in Giles county. Within a few-weeks it had
spread over a gre.it part of the State, and created no
little alarm.
"Organized companies of men, mounted and
armed, horses and riders being disguised, patroled
the country, making demonstrations calculated to
frighten quiet citizens, and in manyinstances abused
and outraged them, especially that class of colored
people who, by their energy, industry, and good
conduct, are most prominent.
"An explanation or excuse for thaformation of the
Kuklux organization made by its defenders was
that ic was the natural result of the existence of
the Loyal Leagues secret organization of Union
men. It is reasonable to suppose that this may be
correct, but injustice to the latter, however impol-
itic 6r unwise their acts may be. there has been
reported to me no one instance of any outrage or
unlawful actha.ving been committed by them. Well-
authenticated information leads me to believe that
the Kuklux Klan was primarily but a species of
organization without settled plans ; but the peculiar
condition of Tennessee, the inability, unwillingness,
and apathy of the local authorities continued to.
demonstrate that if organized thoroughly upon a
semi-mili-tary basis thesocietycouldmaintain itself,
extend its power, and perform whatever it sought
to do without let or hinderance, its great purpose to
establish a nucleus around which the adherents of
the late rebellion, active or passive, might safely
rally, thus establishing a grand political society, the
future operations of which would be governed by
circumstances fast developing in the tnen peculiar
era of exciting public events. It is a matter of his-
tory, now acknowledged by its leaders and the pub-
lic press, that tile society did extend itself through-
out the South, and its operations in the recon-
structed States were of sueh a naturo as to require
the direct interference of the United States author-
ities to suppress them. I have deemed it my duty
to watch closely these organized oppositions to the
Government, not from fear of their schemes, but to
enable the Government to counteract them/'
And again be says:
"The causesof this lawlessness arcdifferentin dif-
ferent States. In Tennessee, where a majority of the
late rebels are disfranchised, they, and sympathizers
with them, have a hatred for the State authorities
which is unconcealed and aggressive. In localities
where the disfranchised element is strong a spirit
of persecution toward those in sympathy with the
authorities, tho,se who recognize the rights of the
enfranchised negroes and the negroes themselves,
especially shows itself in utter contempt of all re-
spect for law. Violence is openly talked of. The
editorials of the public press are such as to creatc
the most intense hatred in the breasts of the ex-
rebels a.nd their sympathizers. The effect ol this is
to cause disturbance throughout the State by exciting
the ruffianly portion of this class of citizens to mur-
der, rob, and maltreat white Unionists and eolored
people in localities where there are no United States
troops stationed.
"The Ioea,l authorities often have not the will, and
more often have not the power, to suppress or prevent
these outrages."
The general closes his report as follows:
"The controlling cause of the unsettled condition
of affairs in tho department is, that the greatest
efforts made by the defeated insurgents since the
close of the war have been to piomulgate the idea
that the cause of liberty, justice, humanity, equal-
ity. and all the calendar ot the virtues of freedom,
suffered violence and wrong when the effort for south-
ern independence failed. This is, of course, intended
as a species of political cant, whereby the crime of
treason might be covered with a counterfeit varnish
of patriotism, so that the precipitators of the rebel-
lion might go down in lustoiy hand in liandwith the
defenders of the (government, thus wiping out with
their own hands their own stains; a species of self-
forgivertess amazing in its effronteiy, when it iscon-
sidered life and property, justlyforfeited by thelawa
ot tho country, ol war. and ot nations, through the
magnanimity of the Government and people, was
not exacted from them." K " The
evif done ha.s been gieat, and it is not discoverable
that ail immediate improvement may be expected."*
The last lines of General Thomas, ifnot pos-
itively prophetic of no "immediate improve-
ment," were apprehensively so. The lawless
party the departed hero so truthfully portrayed,
instead of improving, cherished their "con-
cealed and aggressive" hatred to the State
government to its overthrow by a lawless
revolution. The general said the order made
its first appearance in Giles county, which is
in my district, and in a few weeks spread over
a great part of the State, creating no little
alarm. The volume of testimony in this case
is pregnant with facts going to show that the
picture was not overdrawn by General Thomas.
Mr. Speaker, the proof shows that the mem-
bers of the order did not generally go in large
numbers ; but squads were numerous and their
operations frequent. Occasionally, however,
they seemed to muster by companies and bat-
talions. A company of forty or fifty visited
Shelby ville, the county seat of Bedford county,
on the night of the 4th of July, 1868, dashed
up and down the streets, seized a white man
from Ohio, a school-teacher, and a colored
man, rallied on the square with their victims,
gave three cheers for Andy Johnson, with pis-
tols in their hands, retired a short distance,
stripped and whipped their victims cruelly, and
went to their dens, unknown as to who they
were, except they said they were resurrected
rebels from the battle-field of Chickaraauga,
The witness of contestant, who was appointed
by a rebel colonel to hold the pretended elec-
tion of Lincoln county, said he had seen them
frequently, sometimes numbering over two
hundred.
John Jones, another witness of contestant,
and formerly county court clerk of Rutherford
county, said he had seen as high as two hun-
dred or more at a time.
Another witness in the same county said he
saw one time nearly five hundred, and that
they paraded the streets of Murfreesboro gen-
erally once a week during the summer months
of 1868.
General T. J. Harrison, an officer in the late
war, from Indiana, and now marshal for Middle
Tennessee, saw about forty of those disguised
men near his house on the night before the
election, and he saw a squad of fifteen the
morning of the election.
But, Mr. Speaker, the patience of this House
would tire and the heart sicken to hear the half
of the violence and cruelty proved in the vol-
ume of testimony in this case. There were
over one hundred witnesses- examined, and
there might have been thousands, and still
there would have been none but what could
have told of -something they had seen or heard
of the operations of the Kuklux. Many of
the county jails of my district were forced in
1868, prisoners taken out, turned loose, shot,
or hung, as they thought proper.
The commissioners of registration, whoso
duty it was to register voters and hold the elec-
tions, were treated with violence and threats,
and some resigned through fear, and their dep-
uties and assistants testily they were afraid to
attempt to hold elections in accordance with
law. They whipped magistrates, threatened
sheriffs, and made Republican members of
the Legislature afraid to sleep in their houses.
They whipped and threatened all over the
country; and what gave their doings such a
strong political significance, they told many
of those they visited that they were resurrected
rebels from Manassas, Shiloh, &c.; that they
could not vote, and " niggers" should not.
They were active up to and after the elec-
tion. On the night before the election we find
them demonstrating at various places in dif-
ferent counties of the district, and threats
and violence made at many of the polls.
Mr. Speaker, the fourth congressional dis-
trict, from which this contest comes, is proven
to have been the most lawless of any other.
General Thomas said their first appearance
was in this district. Hon. T. H. Caldwell, a
Grant elector and attorney general for the
State; Hon. A. J. Fletcher, late secretary of
State; and Hon. W. H. Wisener, late Repub-
lican candidate for Governor, concur in saying
that it was unsafe, personally, for Republican
speakers to canvass some portions of the
district.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let«it be borne in mind
that there is not an instance to be found where
any one was arrested and punished, proving
conclusively that the order reigned supreme
through the fear their violence had imposed
upon Republicans and the approbation it had
secured from or silence it imposed upon Dem-
ocrats. None of these facts can be success-
fully denied by contestant or his friends; and
what they offer as refutation or justification
is the sneering mockery that the Radicals had
the entire State government, with Governor
Brownlqw at their head, and therefore are
estopped from interposing the facts I have
submitted to show their candidate should not
be entitled to a seat on this floor. As well
might they say a man should have no redress
against burglars who had broken down his
doors and murdered some of his family be-
cause he was in possession of his house, had
the keys, and ought to have successfully re-
sisted the breaking down of his doors by a
superior force of villains and murderers.
Mr. Speaker, the outside world, outside of
Tennessee and the South generally, has no#,
and probably never will have, a correct idea
of the injustice and violence done thousands,
ay, tens of thousands of Republicans, since
Andrew Johnson, from the high position he
reached through the mistake of a great party
and the assassination of a good man, made
his appeal to the old slave Democracy to rally
with him, to hang Somner, Wilson, and those
he called rebels at the "other end the line."
Mr. Speaker, I will close my notice of the
great numbers, active operations, and lawless
doings of the mysterious order, first appearing
in Giles county, the home of the Governor-
elect of Tennessee, General John C. Brown,
by offering a few copies to the curious of the
prescript of the order, lithographed from the
original, the history of which may be learned
from the testimony of J. J. Mankins, to be *
found in the volume of evidence in this case.
Mr. Speaker, the friend of the contestant in
his report says:
" But the proof does show very conclusively that
the contestant was an officer m the Federal Army
during more than three years of the rebellion, whilo
contestee was in neither army, and that contestant,
both before and after the election, both publicly and
privately denounced and condemned this organiza-
tion."
The little fling, Mr. Speaker, that I was " in
neither army" is true, and I can very truth-
fully say I am not sorry I was not in the rebel
army in person or sympathy, while if the con-
testant has not at times been sorry for having
been in the Federal Army false impressions
have prevailed on the subject even among his
supporters in the contest.
I do not, Mr. Speaker, mean to assail the
contestant's war record. I know nothing to his
prejudice as a good Union soldier further than
what may be reflected by the evidence in the
cause. I do not suppose the advantages, op-
portunities, and surroundings of my friend, the
contestant, were the most favorable before the
war for imbibing a dislike to slavery, and the
spirit of violence it, according to Thomas Jef-
ferson, engendered. The contestant, though a
Democrat, "I do not guess," read or believed
that slavery was a wrong or evil before the
war. I know that since the war his surround-
ings have been unfavorable for a proper recog-
nition of its logical results, and the temptation
of leadership offered him by the ex-rebels
against the reconstruction policy of Congress
and the loyal State government of Tennessee,
was perhaps what any other Democrat, with the
same antecedents, surroundings, and tempt-
ations would have succumbed t,o; and that
his zeal in behalf of-those engaged in the late
rebellion impelled him to utter sentiments and
make speeches, as was shown in the testimony
in this case, calculated, if not intended, to
inflame and infuriate the organized bands of
Kuklux, more or less of whom heard every
speech he made before and during the canvass
of 1868, is perhaps not so much to be won-
dered at as lamented.
It is in proof that the contestant said about
the close of the war that if he had been in the
South at the outbreak of the rebellion he would
have been a rebel. He said m his speeches
during our canvass " if he were a rebel, a roan
who would vote to disfranchise hira should not
warm at his fire or eat bread from his board,
so help him God. Now you have it, make the
most of it." He also said "a man had the
right not to employ auy one who would vote
contrary to his sentiments, and was justified
under the then existing circumstances to use
that right; and warned the negroes that they
might expect such to be done."
