■1840
THE CONGHESSIORAL GLOBE.
March 1,
iey ill at least$500,000, in addition to the reservations
on said contract, that the dock, when completed,
shall be portable and safe, and shall in all respects
answer the purposes for which it was built.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon now moves to amend this sec-
tion, as it now stands amended, by adding the
following:
And provided further, That the cost of the dock
provided for in this section shall not exceed $1,000,000.
Mr. CORBETT. I will modify my amend-
ment so as to read, "shall not exceed the
amount of money herein appropriated."
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs what this dock is to cost.
Mr. CASSERLY. I believe I had the floor.
The PRESIDING-OFFICER. The Senator
from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg pardon; I was
merely putting an inquiry.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have not a great deal
to say, and I should like to say it now lest I
might forget it, with all these other speeches
interposed.
Now, sir, is there any estimate from any
official or authentic source to show that the
cost of this dock should exceed the very large
sum of $1,000,000? Does anybody think it
should cost anv more ? I ask for information.
Mr. CORBETT. There is nothing to pre-
vent its costing $3,000,000-under the section
as it stands.
Mr. OASSEliLY. My question is, is there
any estimate or statement from any officer or
Department of the Government, or from any
committee, to show that this dock should cost
more than $1,000,000?
Mr. CRAGIN. Does the Senator wish an
answer now ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am not aware that there
is any estimate from the Navy Department;
but it is estimated, or believed at least, by the
inost experienced officers in the Department,
and by experienced men outside of the Depart-
ment, that, it would be very difficult to build
such a dock as we require for $1,000,000, hut
they are willing to try and see if it can be done.
I will state that the dock which was built by
the English Government, which is probably
about what we want, cost about a million and
a half dollars. We hope we'can build one for
less money. 1 should prefer that the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Oregon should
not be inserted in this bill; at the same time I
am willing that it shall be if a considerable
number 'of Senators desire it. Under it, if the
contract cannot be made for $1,000,000, of
course there will bo no dock built, for I appre-
hend it will not be undertaken unless a dock
can be built which it is fully believed will
answer the purposes.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand the chair-
man of the Naval Committee to say that there
is no estimate from any Department of the
Government, but that there are estimates from
well-informed persons in the Government, and
from well informed persona outside the Gov-
ernment, showing that the cost of this dock
will be over one million dollars. I ask the
chairman of the committee whether those esti-
mates are in writing?
Mr. CRAGIN. I am not aware that they
are. Several of these persons have conversed
with me on the subject, several large builders;
men who have been engaged in building docks ;
especially the firm that built the dock at Mare
Island, in the Senator's own city, have con-
versed with me on the subject; and they say
they believe it will be impossible to build such
a dock as is needed, a floating-dock, for the
sum of $1,000,000. At the same time they
concur in the belief that such a dock is very
necessary, and would be a source of economy
to the Government, although they do not pro-
pose themselves in any event to be bidders.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no disposition to
criticise anything that has taken place either
in the Committee on Naval Affairs or in the
Committee on Appropriations. I think, how-
ever, the' Senate must see ho w exceedingly loose
and dangerous" the practice is. Here is a prop-
osition to appropriate $1,000,000 for the build-
ing of a dock. There is no limit as to the
expenditure, and no possibility of limiting it
after the first appropriation is expended, ex-
cept by the intervention of Congress. Upon
what authority is that first appropriation of
$1,000,OOOurged upon Congress? Upon none
whatever upon which any committee of this
body should act, much less upon which Con-
gress should act; some loose statement made
by this contractor or that contractor, perhaps
in a committee-room, perhaps casually on the
streets to some Senator.
The chairman of the Naval Committee has
referred to something that took place in Cali-
fornia. My impression is—I do not speak now
with any confidence, because I do not wish to
make any injurious representation except upon
the best grounds—that the dock at Mare Island
is considered by those best calculated to form
a judgment as a most extravagant failure ; that
is to say, the results produced bear no propor-
tion to the great amount of tnoney expended.
It is continually needing costly repairs, and
after all it falls entirely short of accomplishing
the purposes for which it was meant.
I know practically very little of this subject.
In that respect, I presume, I stand upon a foot-
ing with the other Senators. I have my gen-
eral ideas about it, however. I should say
that the very safest thing we could do under
the circumstances is to adopt the amendment
of the Senator from Oregon, to limit this
expenditure to $1,000,000. We shall then
save to this extent: that we shall not at least
risk more than that amount of tnoney in this
enterprise. It may be tliat we shall be guarded
against risk at all. The Secretary of the Navy
will undoubtedly feel it his duty under such
a provision of law as that to ascertain fully
whether or not the work can be done for the
amount appropriated by Congress; and if he
finds it cannot be done for that, he will there
rest until he can communicate with Congress.
It is the line of safety and prudence to adopt
this amendment, and I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. THURMAN. I only rise to suggest to
the Senator from Oregon that if he modifies
his amendment as he suggested it will effect
nothing. As first offered it would limit the
expenditure to $1,000,000, but if he modifies
it as suggested it will effect nothing at all,
because the appropriation already is only
$1,000,000.
Mr. CORBETT. I will change my amend-
ment so as to read in this way : " and no con-
tract shall be made for a dock under this sec-
tion at'a cost exceeding $1,000,000."
Mr. THURMAN. That would do; but I
was going to suggest to the Senator to say " no
money shall be expended under this section
unless a good and sufficient dock can be made
for $1,000,000.'' However, wliathenow pro-
poses will accomplish the same purpose.
Mr. CORBETT. I will modify my amend-
ment in that way, and insert it after line twenty
of section two.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon modifies his amendment, and
now moves to insert, after line twenty, "and
no contract shall be made for a dock under
this section at a cost exceeding $1,000,000."
Mr. CORBETT. In my opinion, if we com-
mence the building of this dock without this
limitation it will probably cost $3,000,000.
If we construct such a dock, we want one of
the very best kind and the most approved
pattern; and if such a dock cost England
$1,500,000, it will certainly cost twice that sum
in this countrjr. If what costs $500,000 in
England will cost $1,000,000 here, as is the
case, a dry-dock costing $1,500,000in England
must cost in this country about three millions."
Therefore, I very much fear that we are about
to commence an expenditure here that will be
very large. In my judgment, we had better
not commence it; but if we do, I should like
to have the section restricted as I propose.
Mr. FOWLER. I have but a remark to
make on this subject. I am not well informed
with regard to it, and for one am not willing
to take the opinion of a committee that comes
here with such vague and indefinite statements
as that Mr. John Smith estimates so and so,
and Mr. Spriggins so and so, without giving
any definite idea with regard to what will be
the cost of this dry-dock. Nor am I really
assured that there is any demand whatever
for the construction of the dock. 1 believe
this is an attempt to saddle the country with
a mere experiment, which will cost us from
one to three or four million dollars before we
are through with it. It seems to me that if
the committee had wanted to do justice to the
country, when they proposed to incur so vast
an expenditure as this, they would have pro-
vided themselves with some authentic state-
ments, with some authentic figures.
Mr. COLE. I must correct the Senator.
The Committee on Appropriations proposed
to strike out the section.
Mr. FOWLER. I know that, and I voted
with them; and I regret that the Senate did
not stand up to the chairman of the commit-
tee in striking it out. But I refer to the com-
mittee that recommended this section ; I sup-
pose it was a House committee. Our Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs give us nothing but
the vaguest opinions of the vaguest characters
of whom we know nothing whatever.
We are asked here to vote $1,000,000 as a
first installment for the building of this dock,
which certainly cannot under the circum-
stances cost less than, as has been stated,
$3,000 ,000. "Why, sir, it is perfectly ridicu-
lous to suppose that if a dock which will
answer our purposes costs in England
$1,500, 000, we can build it in this qpuntry for
less than that in the present state of things. I
do not see why we ought not do so under a
certain con dition of affairs; but certainly, as
they exist at the present time, we cannot. I
think it is an imposition upon the tax-payers
of this country to saddle them with a proposi-
tion of this kind which is left to the barest,
wildest, vaguest opinions of a particular De-
partment, which is in a great measure a nuis-
ance at any rate.
Mr. COLE. I rise to ask Senators to allow
a vote to be taken on this amendment in order
that we may pass to some other question, if
there are any more to be raised on the hill,
or if not, to vote on the bill. The night is
getting far advanced, and I think we ought to
dispose of this matter without further time.
I appeal to Senators to allow a vote to be
taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Oregon to the second sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. TR UMBULL. The amendment is to
limit the appropriation to $1,000,000. Itwas
not understood before. I ask for a new count
upon it.
The amendment was agreed to—ayestwenty-
nine, noes not counted.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have an amendment
which I am instructed to offer by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. It is to insert on page
14, after line three hundred and twenty-four,
the following:
To emible the Secretary of the Navy to purchase
of Seth Wilmarth "the right to use for all purposes
his patent callc.d hydiostuuc ari nngeivicu! tor rais-
ing turrets,'' £50,000: Piovided, Tb.it he shall exe-
cute to the satisiaction of the Secretary ot the Navy
an instrument conveying to the United States full
right to use the same mulei hif> patent, ami under
all improvements, modifications, and extensions of
the saifle which may now or hereafter exist.
I think all or a very large number of the
Senate have examined this machine. Two
committees have examined it fully, and I have
I seen no member of either committee, and no
I other person who has examined it, who is not
