402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
inents, for it is an absolute control in practice.
The President of the United States who makes
the nomination, and the Senate of the United
States which gives its advice and consent to
the appointment of a postmaster, in ninety-
nine cases, I presume, out of a hundred, have
no more to do with the real designation of the
person who is to hold the post office than has
a man residing in Great Britain. The custom
is for the member of the House from the dis-
trict to send to the Postmaster General the
name of a person to be appointed postmaster,
say at the city of Jerusalem ; the nomination
is made out and sent to the President and he
sends it to the Senate, and the Senate confirms
it because* the member from the House says
it is right; the nominee is his man. The mem-
bers of the House claim the right to do this.
It is conceded to them. And often this patron-
age is made use of in the congressional district
to create an influence in favor of the renom-
ination of the Congressman and his reelection.
No person in the district can be appointed to
an office, no matter whether he belongs to the
same political organization or not, unless he
is the friend of the incumbent for the time
being.
■Not only that, but the independence of the
Departments themselves is broken down by
this official influence that is exerted upon them
by the members ef Congress. We are told that
a moiety, that less than half, of the clerks who
are employed in Washington can do the busi-
ness. Why, then, have we twice as many ? The
late Secretary of the Interior tells you it is
because members of Congress insist that one
more shall be appointed; because, as General
Dix says, in the post office at New York, per-
sons are appointed at the instigation of Sen-
ators, and hold places, who make their appear-
ance but once a week. Thatis the abuse. If
Congressmen were entirely disconnected with
these appointments, if they had no friends in
the Departments, if none of those who had
rendered political service to them were to be
affected by it, do you believe, sir, does any-
body believe, that we would sit here and allow
any Department of this Government to have
twice as many clerks as it needed ?
Do you believe that we would agree that
the people of this country should be taxed to
pay double the amount necessary to perform
the clerical duties of this Government by the
employment of worthless, incompetent, and
supernumerary clerks if we had no connection
with their appointment? Why is not this thing
stopped? Ah, sir, it is because too many
members of Congress have friends in these
Departments. Somebody is there who was
instrumental in securing the nomination of
somebody who has been elected to one House
or the other; and if you commence this busi-
ness of reform, if you throw out all the clerks
who are not needed, some of these gentlemen
may have to go out; and we are slow to begin
the work. Why, sir, it has become notorious
over the country that members of Congress
(and when I speak of members of Congress I
mean to include members of both Houses)
come herewith understandings that they will
have certain men appointed to office. This is
often just as corrupting as if it were money
that was used. This practice is demoralizing
to the whole people. It breaks down the inde-
pendence ot the Departments, and impairs
the usefulness of the_ members of Congress.
What is the objection to our separating our-
selves from these appointments? The Senator
from Indiana has stated the objection. In the
first place, he says it is unconstitutional. Of
course he does not mean that it is unconstitu-
tional for a member of Congress to abstain
from making recommendations to office. What
then does he mean is unconstitutional? He
means that it is unconstitutional to pass a law
prohibiting their doing it I suppose. The Con-
stitution vests the appointment of officers in
the Executive, and in the Executive Depart-
ments of the Government alone, except in cases
where the appointment is made by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. How
then is it unconstitutional to say that Congress-
men shall interfere in no other way ? The
spirit of the Constitution requires that they
shall not interfere.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow
me a word?
Mr. TRrUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. What I said is in the Globe,
and any one who reads it cannot misunderstand
it. What I said'was that the Constitution con-
ferred upon the President the right to make
certain appointments, and that we have not
the power to make a man ineligible because a
member of Congress has recommended him.
The Senator's bill proposes to make a man
ineligible to office because he may have been
recommended by a member of Congress in
violation of that bill.
Mr. POMEROY. And fines the President
for appointing him.
Mr. MORTON. Yes. In other words, liis
eligibility is'to be destroyed because a member
of Congress recommends him, whereas the
President has the power under the Constitution
to appoint any man who is a citizen of the
Unitecl States, or perhaps not even a citizen
of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will come to that
branch of the Senator's argument in a moment;
I am now commenting upon that portion of it
where he says:
" The bill, in my opinion, is unconstitutional from
beginning to end. and proceeds upon falseprinciples.
I undertake to say that thi3 Government could not
be readily or safely administered upon this bill."
We cannot carry on the Government unless
members of Congress dictate the appointments
in this country? Why, sir, it was carried on
for nearly fifty years without interference in
appointments by members of Congress, and
their interference has been fraught with evil,
and only evil, since it has commenced. I un-
dertake to say that this interference is uncon-
stitutional. It is against the very spirit of the
Constitution for members of Congress to use
their official positions to procure appointments.
It is mingling together the powers of the legis-
lative and the executive Departments, which
the Constitution does not warrant. So far
from the bill being unconstitutional, it is in
entire accord with the spirit of that instrument;
and the Senator from Indiana is not to escape
from his position by calling the interference
of Congressmen mere recommendations. He
himself, in his own speech, says that the mem-
ber is held responsible for the local appoint-
ments in his district, if he is in accord with
the Administration. Then he virtually makes
them ; otherwise he could not be held respons-
ible for them. He does not simply recommend,
but dictates who shall be appointed to the local
offices in his district. Is that constitutional?
Is it not rather an entire perversion of that
instrument which vests the power of appoint-
ment in the executive and not in the legislative
department? It is not the member of Con-
gress, as an individual, that controls appoint-
ments ; it is in his capacity of Representative,
and the moment that his legislative capacity
drops off he is as powerless as any other
citizen in his district.
Why, Mr. President, I have known an in-
stance where two rival Candidates in the same
party for a nomination for Congress have both
been nominated and elected, one succeeding
the other within the course of three or four
years. At one nominating convention A, if
you please, succeeded, and he demanded the
removal of a certain postmaster in his dis-
trict because that postmaster was unfriendly
to him and supported his adversary in the,
nominating convention; and the Postmaster
General, through the President, turned him
out, and another person was substituted in his
place.
At the end of two years the nominating con-
vention came round again, and then B suc-
ceeded as the nominee of the party over A.
He came to Washington and said to the Post-
master General, "My friend was removed
from office because he supported me two years
ago, and a friend of my opponent was put in
the place ; now I demand that you remove the
man last appointed and restore my friend,"
and it was done. Were these acts of the two
members in accordance with the Constitution,
or in violation of that instrument which divides
the power of the Government into separate
departments and assigns appointments to the
executive branch ?
But the Senator from Indiana denies the
right of Congress to declare that persons rec-
ommended by members of Congress shall not
be appointed to office. He says:
"Have we a right to establish a qualification for
office of that kind? It woul<l be a clear violation
of the Constitution of the United States. It h;ia
been decided by the Senate that where a State con-
stitution provided that a man holding a State office,
for example, that of Governor of a State, was not
eligible daring his tdrm of office to be elected to tho
Senate of the United States, such provision was a
nullity, and no State constitution had the power to
fix an additional qualification for office; that if a
man possessed the qualifications prescribed by thft
Constitution of the United States no State could
make him ineligible for any other ground."
Does not the Senator from Indiana know—
he certainly does—and does not every Senator
know, that the Constitution of the United States
prescribes the qualifications for Senators and
Representatives? And because the Constitu-
tion of the United States has prescribed cer-
tain requisites as qualifications for Senators
and Representatives, therefore the States can-
not add to or take from those qualifications.
Mr. MORTON. Nor can Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nor can Congress.
Why? Because the Constitution of the United
States has fixed them, and that is exclusive.
But has the Constitution of the United States
fixed qualifications for clerkships, for assess-
ors, for whisky inspectors, for postmasters?
Surely not. All these are the creatines of law,
and the Congress of the United States has a
right to prescribe any qualifications it pleases.
The President of the United States is not
omnipotent. He makes the appointments, but
how? According as the law has directed him.
What says your Constitution ? It declares that
Congress shall have power to pass all laws
necessary and proper for carrying into effect
any power vested iu the Government of the
United States or ill any department thereof.
The power of appointment of certain officers
is vested in the President, by and with the
advice and cousent of the Senate; and this
is true of inferior officers, provided Congress
thinks proper to leave it there; not otherwise.
Congress may, in its discretion, take away from
the President the power to appoint all inferior
officers, every postmaster in the United States;
may not only tell him that he shall appoint no
man that is not qualified, no man that cannot
read and write, no man that is recommended
to him by a member of Congress, but they
may say to the President of the United States,
"You shall not appoint a postmaster through-
out theUnited States." They are all "inferior
officers," in the language of the Constitution,
and Congress may vest the appointment of all
the clerks,^ revenue officers, and postmasters
in the land in the court that sits in another
room of this Capitol, if it thinks proper.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow
me a word? I simply do not want to be mis-
represented. In making that argument I was
speaking of those appointments that are by
the Constitution vested in the President of
the United States. The Senator now refers
to appointments that may be vested in the
Postmaster General or some subordinate
officer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is just as competent
to control those that are vested in the Presi-
dent as those that are vested in the heads of
Departments or the courts.' The Congress of
the United States may prescribe, and has often
prescribed, certain qualifications for office.
