1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1841
perfectly satisfied that this compensation is a
very limited and moderate one. This gentle-
man has a patent for this machine which we
have taken possession of, he being in our
employ in a humble capacity; I think as
master mechanic, in one of our yards. We are
using it now on board of one of our monitors.
The Department are in favor of it as well as
the Naval Committee, and almost every one
who has seen it.
Without attempting to go into th« mechan-
ics of it, which would be impossible at this
time of night, I can state to those Senators
who have not seen it that by this machine
in fifteen seconds the power of one arm can
raise the turret of a monitor, which sometimes
requires eight and nine hours' and thirty or
forty men with a battering-ram to raise, and
it is raised then at the great danger of becom-
ing jammed and being utterly incapable of use.
In fact, the old machine seems to be wonder-
fully ineffective and inappropriate when you
look at the new one. It reminds one, in fact,
of the battering-rams which were used against
the walls of Troy. It is about the same old
plan; the rudest application of force imagin-
able. This is the application of a hydraulic
pump.
The invention is certainly of very great
value. There was some difficulty in getting
at the amount that ought to be allowed. It
was suggested in the House to allow Mr.
Wilmarth $100,000, as he has a patent for the
inveution, and we have taken possession of it
and used it. The sum has been reduced by
the Committee on Naval Affairs to $50,000,
which is a lower estimate than it ever has been
put at, I think, by any person who has exam-
ined it. I have a letter in my hand written
by this gentleman to the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, and as it
states the matter very briefly, and much more
clearly than I am able to state it, I should like
to have it read before a vote is taken on the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the letter.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Washington, February 23,1871.
Dear Sir : I submit to you the followingstatement
in relation to my hydraulic lift.
Early m 18621 was in Washington, and called on
Admiral Smith. He asked me if I had seen the new
Monitor, then just eonstruoted. I told him that I
had not, and he asked me to go on board and exam-
ine it on my way home. When I reaehcd New York
T went on board the Monitor and made a thorough
examination. I saw that the mode of raising and
lowering the turret was very defective, involving
great consumption of time, uncertainty, and liabil-
ity to accident; in short, that the turret could not
be successfully raised and lowered by that process,
and consequently that the Monitor could not be a
complete success in naval engagements unless some
better and more mechanical instrumentality could
be applied to raising and lowering the turret. I re-
turned home and immediately applied myself to the
construction of an apparatus for the accomplish-
ment of this object. For more than three years I de-
voted all the thought and time I could command to
this subject. I constructed three entirely different
machines, and made numerous alterations in each,
but without success. I then discovered and applied
the peculiar form and arrangement of valves, stops,
and hold-fasts now used in my lift, and not before
known, by which any weight can be raised with cer-
tainty and success. With my lift one thousand tons
can be raised, by the hand of one man. in the same
time and with the same ease, comparatively, that
one thousand pounds can be raised. My lift holds
the same relation to weight that the telegraph does
to space.
In 18651 completed my lift and obtained a patent.
In 3869 I applied it to IheTerror, and it has been in
constant use on that monitor for eighteen months.
It has been thoroughly tested, and received the
strongest commendation troin the board appointed
to test it, from naval officers, and ail who have ex-
amined it. It is admitted by all that its value to a
monitor cannot be estimated in money. It is now
beingapplied to the Miautoitomoh. It is also made
apartof the drawings of all monitors and turreted
iron-clads hereafter to be made.
The weight of the turret of the Terror is four
hundred and ten tons, and with jtny lift it is raised to
any height required in fifteen seconds by the hand
of one man. it occupies but little space, being but
about three feet square, and is a great saving of
most valuable room to the vessel. The blow on the
wedge by fehe battering-ram, by which it was driven
in the old process, frequently occasioned serious
injury to the vessel. My lift works with perfectease
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 116.
and safety, and one man does in fifteen seconds,with
certainty, the work which required twenty or more
men several hours to accomplish, and which fre-
quently could not be done at all at sea, or when the
vessel was in motion.
I believe that my lift will revolutionize the con-
struction of all forts for harbor and river defense, as
the revolving turret can be made far more effective,
and built for a small fraction of the expense of the
present construction of forts. It will readily be seen
that if a fort can be made to revolve with certainty
and accuracy, that the enemy's ship can be kept
constantly under fire so long as within reach of the
gun.
I propose to assign to the Government full and
complete use of my lift, for all purposes, and I have
always supposed that the Government would allow
me not less than $100,000 for the same; but the Sec-
retary of the Navy has named, in his letter, the sum
of $50,000. I was solicited to introduce it into the
naval service of foreign Governments, and could
have received large sums of money, but was informed
that the Navy Department preferred it should not
be done, and therefore did not do it.
lean, if you desire it, furnish abundant testimony
as to its great value for monitors and forts, from
naval officers and other scientific men.
Very respectfully, your obedient, servant,
SETH WILMARTH.
Hon. Henry Wilson.
Mr. THURMAN. I dislike to oppose this
amendment on that statement of the case ; but
I should like to have more information about
it. The hydraulic ram is no novelty. Its
wonders are no novelty. Anybody who re-
members that with four hydraulic rams of
six feet diameter each the great iron tubular
bridge across the Menai straits was raised to
the place it occupies will cease to be aston-
ished at the wonderful performances of that
instrument. But this seeins to be a new
use of this hydraulic machinery, its applica-
tion to ship-building; and I should like to
know of rav friend whether it was for that that
the patent was obtained.
Mr. STOCKTON. He has two patents, and
that would be prima facie, evidence of two
applications. The learned Senator from Ohio
is of course perfectly right in saying that the
principle of hydrostatic pressure is no new
principle; but the invention consists in the
application of it to lifting in this precise man-
ner. I would not undertake to explain in less
than an hour the details of the way in which
it is done, and of course I shall not take the
time of the Senate by doing that now.
I beg leave, in this connection, however, to
ask the Senate to consider for a moment the
great importance of this matter. It is not
only important in a naval point of view, but it
is really much more important in a military
point of view. The Navy seeks the use of it
and has used it simply for the purpose of rais-
ing the turrets of monitors ; but that machine
can be used on shore in a fort. Take the case
of a fort ill New York harbor where you have
a revolving gun. By the use of this force that
gun can be moved regularly and certainly as
a squadron approaches, so that no squadron
will ever be able to pass. And it is not only
in this maimer but in hundreds of others that
the imagination immediately seizes upon where
the power to lift an immense weight in a very
small space of time with a foree no greater
than a man's arm may be of immense import-
ance. It requires but a moment's reflection
to see that here is a tremendous power, or
rather a tremendous application of power.
The whole deportment of this man impressed
the committee very favorably, He invented
this before he was in our employment, and
came into our employment in a very humble
capacity, having spent, as I understand, $11,000
of his own money, he being a poor man, m
these experiments. He was offered by for-
eign nations a large sum if he would sell them
his invention; but he would not do it. He
came to our Navy Department and put his
invention at work in a turret where it has been
worked eighteen months, having received the
praise and approval of all the engineers and
officers of the Navy. After ail this, he comes
to the Naval Committee and the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, shows them his little
model, and says " what do you trnnk 1 ought
to have?"
That is the position the man is in. No one
ever suggested that he ought to have a com-
pensation of less than $100,000, until the Sec-
retary of the Navy in his recommendation
proposed $50,000. To repeat the expression
of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, made to me in conversation, and which
I have no doubt he will permit me to use on
this floor, "it is a shame to give this man only
$50,000." I agree with the chairman of that
committee ; but as Congress is in an econom-
ical mood at the end of the session, I think it
would be well for us to adopt the amendment
as it is.
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to take up the
time of the Senate for a moment in advocating
this measure. The only opposition I have to
it is that this seems to me to be a pitiful sum
to give for a discovery the value of which to
the Government of the United States must be
counted by millions upon millions of dollars.
Of that there can be no doubt whatever. I
hope the amendment will be accepted by the
Senate, and certainly I hope no Senator will
think of voting against this trifling sum for an
improvement so great.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say one worfl in
addition to the statements that have been made
in reference to this matter. There is one other
advantage which is not named in the letter that
was read by the Secretary, and that is that the
number of men required by the old method of
raising the turret of a monitor was from twenty
to thirty, who occupied a space which was very
important in the vessel in time of action. They
were precisely in the passage-way where the
ship had to be handled to load the guns. In
addition to the expense of keeping this large
number of men to do this work, there was the
room they took up in vessels which are so
poorly accommodated with space.
There is no new discovery here in the prin-
ciple of this machinery; it is simply the hy-
drostatic press, and that everybody knows is
no new invention. Mr. Wilmarth does not
claim that it is a new invention; but it is in the
application of the power in this place and for
these purposes. It is a very ingenious applica-
tion. This machinery which he has construct-
ed has no special value for any other purpose
exeept for raising turrets of monitors or turrets
which might be built for shore defense. He is
therefore estopped from any particular profit
arising from its general use for other purposes.
The use of the hydrostatic press is not to be
got by anybody's patent, but the use of the
adaptation of the principle of the hydrostatic
press to the particular object in question is
one for which he is rightfully a claimant for
compensation.
It should be considered, also, that it was at
the request of the Navy Department that he
kept this contrivance entirely secret and pri-
vate, exhibiting it to nobody ; and he was de-
sired by the Navy Department not to sell it
to foreign Governments, who were ready to
purchase it at a much larger sum than we here
propose to give.
Mr. COLK. This is more than a trifling sum
as it has been called. It is $50,000 to be voted
for a specific purpose which is not properly
connected with this bill. The matter ought, to
be brought up by itself, when it can be con-
sidered carefully and deliberately as a distinct
proposition. There cannot be time to discuss
it, or to consider it even, to-night, and upon this
bill. We are too near the end of the session.
I hope it may be displaced from this bill, and
let it come up on its merits on a report fiom
the Committee on Naval Affairs or some other
committee, if it has any merits. If this goes
on you will find how many other kindred mat-
ters or matters of like character will be moved
on the bill. It is too late in the session to go
into it.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope no one supposes
because I inquired of my friend from New
Jersey if this was notiu principle the hydraulic
ram, or the hydrostatic press, more accurately
