1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
408
Are not most of the appointments in the Army
and the Navy made by regular promotion, in
pursuance of a law of Congress? And not
only as to those appointments, but it is com-
petent for the Congress of the United States,
where the Constitution has not prescribed a
qualification, to prescribe one for any office. I
hold that it is in strict accord with the Consti-
tution of the United States to pass a law pro-
hibiting any member of Congress from inter-
fering with an appointment, except when, as
Senators, we give our advice and consent to the
nominations that are made to this body.
Is there any analogy between the case put
by the Senator from Indiana, of a Represent-
ative or a Senator whose qualifications are
prescribed by the Constitution, and an officer
whose qualifications are not thus prescribed,
appointed to an office created by law ? The
offices of Senator and Representative are con-
stitutional offices. They have qualifications
attached to them by the Constitution of the
United States. Does the Senator pretend to
say that the Constitution of the United States
has prescribed the qualifications of a clerk, of
an assessor, of a judge of a court, or a foreign
minister? Judges of courts and foreign min-
isters are appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, but
the Constitution has not prescribed the quali-
fications for those officers, and certainly it has
not prescribed qualifications for offices created
by law. It is just as competent for Congress
to fix the qualifications of an officer created by
law as it is to fix the term of ah office, and just
as competent as it is to create the office.
But the Senator from Indiana objects to this
bill that it makes it criminal for members of
Congress to make recommendations to the
President; in other words, to dictate appoint-
ments. He says that is degrading. Why, sir,
the law will have no operation upon any one
who does not violate its provisions. There
is an old couplet somewhere, in McFingal I
think, which says:
"No man e'er felt the halter draw
Witii good opinion of the law."
Very likely those who propose to violate the
law do not want a law that shall impose a pen-
alty for so doing. A law prohibiting Senators
and Representatives from making recommend-
ations to office will affect no Senator or Repre-
sentative who does not violate its provisions.
What is there about a Senator or Representa-
tive that puts him above the criminal code?
Suppose he is guilty of bribery, or corruption,
or larceny, or robbery, or murder, is he not to
be punished ? Is there any divinity that hedges
a man because he happens to be elected a
Senator or Representative ? Why, this is the
old story of the divine right of kings: "The
king can do no wrong."
Sir, Senators and Representatives are just as
amenable and should be just as amenable to
the criminal laws of the country as anybody
else, and this is not the first time they have
been so declared. How is it degrading to pass
a law that a member of the Senate shall be
punished for its violation? As long ago as
1790 the Congress of the United States de-
clared that if any judge of a court should ac-
cept a bribe he should be punished, he should
be deemed a criminal and tried and punished
for that offense. Was that degrading to the
judges?
At a later period, in 1853, the Congress of
the United States passed a law declaring, in so
many words, that any member of the Sepate or
House of Representatives who, after his elec-
tion to office, should accept or receive any
money or present,'directly or indirectly, given
with a view to influence his action upon a mat-
ter that might afterward comeofficially before
him, should be guilty of a criminal offense and
punished by imprisonment in the penitentiary.
Was that degrading to Senators? That is the
law now, and it has been for nearly twenty
years. In 1866 this act was extended so as
to embrace all officers, the President of the
United States as well as all others ; and every
officer in this Government who receives a
present, given and accepted with a view of
influencing his decision or his action upon
any matter which may officially come before
him, be he President or Congressman, is liable
to its penalties and to confinement in the
penitentiary.
At a later period still, in 1862, Congress
passed a law declaring that any member of
Congress or officer of the Government of the
United States who shall directly or indirectly
receive any money or other valuable considera-
tion whatever for procuring or aiding to pro-
cure any office from the Government of the
United States, shall pay a fine not exceeding
510,000, and be imprisoned in the penitentiary
not exceeding two years, and be forever after
disqualified from holding any office.
Nearly every one of these statutes to which
I have referred disqualifies the person guilty
of violating its provisions, not only from ac-
cepting a particular office, but from ever after-
ward holding any office under the Government
of the United States.
It is the law now that if any Senator or
member of Congress receives a present or any
consideration, with a view of obtaining an office
for another, he is liable to punishment by im-
prisonment in the penitentiary. The Senator
from Indiana need not be alarmed lest the
dignity of this body should be offended because
a law is passed with a penal provision in it to
punish Senators if they violate its provisions.
It is no new thing.
I am as tenacious, I think, of the privileges
of this body and of its individual members as
any Senator ; but I am not for degrading the
office of a Senator or Representative by mak-
ing him the mere instrument for procuring
offices contrary to his duty and to the Consti-
tution.
This bill, if passed, will have the effect to
render the Departments independent. It will
make the head of every Department responsi-
ble for the appointments which he makes, and
no Secretary will then venture to have in his
employ double the number of clerks required.
Congress will hold him responsible when the
responsibility is put upon_ him. It will make
members of Congress independent also, and it
will relieve them from obligations to the Pres-
ident and heads of Departments. It will take
away a source of temptation; and in cases
where bad and corrupt men occupy positions
in Congress (not an impossibility) it will im-
pair their power to corrupt and debauch the
public service. And it will restore appoint-
ments to the executive department, where the
Constitution places them, and to the people,
where they belong.
message fiioii the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 202) authorizing the appointment
of commissioners in relation to the republic
of Dominica, with an amendment, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following concurrent resolution,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
"Whereas several propositions relating to the con-
struction of lines of ocean cables from the shores of
the United States to tile shores of foreign countries
have been made in both Houses of Congress, and
referred to several and different committees of the
same: Therefore., .
Be it resolved by the House of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring,) That all bills, resolutions, peti-
tions, and papers whatsoever now before Congress
or any committee of either House, or that may here-
after bo offered relating to the subjeet of ocean ca-
bles, he, and are hereby, referred to a jointcommittee
of five on the part of the Senate and eight on the
part of the House, to be appointed by the Presiding
Officers of the two Houses, respectively, with power
to call for persons and papers, and to report at any
time, by bill or otherwise.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bill and joint resolution ; and
they were thereupon signed by the Vice Presi-
dent :
A bill (H. R. No. 2626) for the relief of
Harvey D. Scott, of Indiana ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 440) to enable
Robert C. Schenck, United States minister to
Great Britain, to employ a private amanuensis.
annexation of dominica.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator from
Illinois if he will not consent that the pending
bill shall be laid aside informally for a few
minutes until we acton the amendment of.the
House of Representatives to the Senate joint
resolution in relation to San Domingo.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection ;
but I want this bill disposed of.
Mr. MORTON. I do not wish to displace
the Senator's bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the resolution to which
the Senator from Indiana refers the one
returned from the House of Representatives
with an amendment?
Mr. MORTON. The one just returned from
the House of Representatives with an amend-
ment. I simply want to concur in the amend-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is aware that
there will be some discussion on that and also
further amendments, so that it will take some
time; and I would submit to the Chair the
question whether it be in order to proceed with
that to-day except by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is not
aware of any rule of the Senate that would pro-
hibit it and of nothing that would prevent it
except the pendency of the present bill. An
amendment requires but one reading in the
Senate, not three ; it is not a report of a Sen-
ate committee; and the usage of the Senate
ha3 been uniform, so far as it is within the rec-
ollcction of the Chair, that every morning the
Presiding Officer lays before the Senate, with-
out any motion, all amendments of the House
of Representatives to Senate bills, and they
are acted upon at that time, either postponed
or concurred in, referred or laid on the tabic,
without lying over. There is no rule that
requires them to lie over.
Mr. SUMNER. I was aware that there was
no such rule of the Senate, but the question I
submit to the Chair is as to the general rule
of parliamentary law, whether a question like
this, which is in itself new matter, must not
have the unanimous consent of the Senate in
order to proceed with its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not. The usage of the Senate has been the
reverse in regard to amendments to very -im-
portant bills that have come in from the other
House.
Mr. SUMNER. We must have unanimous
consent to displace the pending measure.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, unless it
be postponed by vote of the Senate. Senate
bill No. 298 is the business regularly before
the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. With the consent of the
Senator from Illinois, who has charge of that
bill, I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the amendment of the House
of Representatives to Senate joint resolution
No. 262.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent to pass over informally the
pending bill, and the Chair understands the
Senator from Massachusetts as objecting to
that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say to the Seu-
ator from Indiana that as the hour is late, and
there are some other gentlemen who desire to
say something on the bill introduced by me, 1
have no objection to its being-postponed until
to-morrow at one o'clock.* .
Mr. MORTON. I- hare no objection to
postponing the resolution 
Several Senators. The bill you mean.
