1230
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
mitt.ee on Military Affairs, rises to briug before
the House the report of that committee on the
disturbances at West Point, the committee
being authorized toreport at any time.
Mr. BAN D ALL. The Chair will understand
that my object is t.0 have the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. ]f the gentleman from
Missouri proceeds with his report it will exclude
the morning hour, unless-, on the question of
consideration being raised, the, House shall
decide not to consider the report.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to waive his report until some papers
which hav&been sent in may be printed.
Mr. ASPER. If I can make my report and
have a time fixed for its consideration I will
not press the matter to-day. I propose that
next Thursday morning be fixed for the con-
sideration of this report.
Mr. KELSEY. We muSt have some time
for the consideration of the appropriation bills.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is using every
endeavor to have those bills considered.
_ Mr. MAYNARD. Can we not'have a ses-
sion to-night for business?
The SPEAKER. The session to-night has
been ordered to be devoted to debate only.
Mr. TOWNSEND. if the House is will-
ing, I will postpone the consideration of the
report of this committee, if it will be allowed
to be made the special order to the exclusion
of all other business at half past one o'clock
on next Tuesday. There is no special assign-
ment for that day.
Mr. KELSEY. I must object to that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman might get
the evening session for that day.
Mr. RANDALL. With the understanding
that no vote shall be taken.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I ask unanimous con-
sent to go on to-day.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to anything that
will cut out the morning hour.
The SPEAKER, if the morning hour be
proceeded with, at its expiration the business
the gentleman has in charge would come up
as a special order; but the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Asper] who has charge of the
West Point investigation has given notice that
he will insist that the report of the committee
shall be taken up and acted oil to-day.
Mr. ASPER. I call up the report in that
case now.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
consideration.
The SPEAKER. The question will then
be put to the House.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
72, noes 58.
So the House resolved to consider the report
on the West Point investigation at this time.
EXPULSION Of WEST POINT CADETS.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is the report made by the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Asper] from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, under the resolu-
tion of the House authorizing an investigation
into the circumstances of the expulsion of
Cadets Baird, Fiickinger, and Barnes, and their
subsequent, enforced resignation.
Mr. ASPER. I ask that the resolutions
reported by the committee be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
1. Resolved, That the House of Representatives
recommend to tlie Secretary of War to restore
Cadets liaird, Fiickinger. and Barnes to the Mih-
tjiiy Academy at West Point, to take effect with
the beginning ot the next academic year, and then
permit them to procced with iiie fourth class with-
out further punishment for the offenses heretofore
committed by them.
2. Resolved, Tnat the House of Representatives
recommend that the Secretary of War convene a
eoui t of inquiry f« r the purpose of ascertaining
what members of the first class were mstigatois and
lendois in the affair of January o, at the United
Stat es Military Academy, and that such leaders and
instig.uors be at once dismissed from the Military
Academy, and the, remaining members of the class
engaged in the affair be punished at the disci etion
of n geueial court-martial, to be convened for their
tna!.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman, to allow roe to offer the following
amendment.
. The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out the second resolution of the committee
and insert:
Resolved, That the House of Representatives rec-
ommend to the Secretary of War to refuse, at the
graduation of the first class, the customary furlough
or leave of absence; but that all the members of that
class be at once, upon their graduation, ordered to
their duties as officers of the Army, and that no leave
of absence, cxcept sick leave, be granted to either
of them for one year.
Mr. ASPER. I will allow the amendment
to be considered as pending.
Mr. JOHNSON". Will the gentleman allow
me to offer the following amendment?
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved further, That the House of Represent-
atives recommend that tlie Secretary of War con-
vene a court of inquiry to examine into the conduct
of the officers on duty at the West Point Academy,
with a view to ascertain whether they connived at
•and tried to keep from the public and the War
Department the wrong3 done by the first class
cadets, thereby encouraging insubordination and
riotous conduct at the Academy; and, if found guilty,
that they be relieved from duty at the institution.
Mr. ASPER. I have no objection to the
gentleman's amendment being considered as
pending.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My colleague yields to
me to offer the following amendment:
Resolved further, That in the opinion of the House
of Representatives the Military Academy at West
Point has outlived its usefulness and ought to be
abolished.
Mr. KELSEY. No further amendment is
in order.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. ASPER. Before proceeding with the
argumentin this case I will send to the Clerk's
desk to be read a letter from General Pitcher,
of the West Point Military Academy. lie
claims in the report of the committee injus-
tice was done to him. In looking at the report
I cannot see that any injustice was done. We
did not refer to the present first class, but to
the first class of four years ago.
The Clerk read as follows :
United States Military Academy,
West Poixt, February 12,1S71.
Sm: I desire respectfully to ask your attention to
a paragraph of your report, as published in the Globe
of the 8th instant, which is calculated to do iujustiee
to the authorities at present in charge of the Acad-
emy, as well as the first class now at the institution.
Your report reads: " four years ago a part of the
first class took an innocent cadet into their own ha.nds,
branded 'thief upon him, and drummed him from
the Point." Now, ono unacquainted with the facts
and our organization would naturally infer that the
present first class, the actors in the recent outrage,
were the perpetrators of the act mentioned in the
paragraph quoted above, whereas it occurred 19th
December, 1865, a year and a half before the actors
in the Baird, Barnes, and Fiickinger affair entered
the Academy, and eight months before the present
superintendentassumed charge of the Academy. I
am wiping to bear the burden of my own sins, and
according to report it is pretty heavy, but I do not
propose to carry those of my predecessors. I assume
that your honorable commit tec understand this; but
I submit that the casual reader would very naturally
infer that the actors in the recent outrage were also
the perpeti ators of the former, and that it took place
under my administration, having been in command
over four years.
1 feel assured that I have only to call your atten-
tion to this apparent error in your report to insure
its correction when the subjectcomes up before your
honoraole body.
1 am sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
X. G. PITCHER,
Brevet Brigadier General,
Superintendent Military Academy.
Hon. Joel F. Asper, M. 0.;
Washington, Distriet of Columbia.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Asper] will yield to have
also read a communication from the Secretary
of War on this subject, which is on the Speak-
er's table, and has not yet been printed.
Mr. ASPER. I cannot yield at this time
for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask at least to allow
it to be printed in the Globe.
Mr. AS PER. I have no objection.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the communication from the Secretary of War I
will be ordered to be printed in the Globe.
The Cliair hears none. [See Appendix.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If we are to act
to-day on this question, and sire to have any
regard to this communication frem the Secre-
tary of War, we ought to know what it is; an 1
I hope the House will allow the document i<>
be read, without taking from the gentleman's
time the time occupied in its reading. If v.o
are to act to-day it will be of no use for us to
see to-morrow what the Secretary says on the
subject.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Asfer] will allow this
matter to go over till to-morrow, that we may
have these various papers printed.
Mr. LOGAN. I can understand this tiling
as well as any one. If you are to have letters
read I have half a bushel of them, the reading
of which would amuse the House for a week.
I hope the committee "will be allowed to pro-
ceed with their business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Asper] is on the floor, and will
state what disposition of his time he proposes
to make.
Mr. ASPER. I propose now to proceed
to address the House on the subject brought
before it by the Committee on Military Affairs.
I ask not only the consideration of the resolu-
tions which have been reported from the com-
mittee, but that those resolutions be adopted
as reported. These resolutions, Mr. Speaker,
have been reported by the committee after an
examination of the case, after having taken
all the testimony that could enlighten thecom-
mittee and the House upon the subject, and
they are the unanimous report of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. And it is because
they are so reported, after such deliberation
by that committee, that I ask their adoption
by the House.
The sub-committee charged with this invest-
igation went to West Point unprejudiced and
unbiased, either in favor of or against the men
who composed the first class in the Military
Academy, but also unbiased and unprejudiced
against the officers of that institution, and
acted solely upon the testimony which was
there gathered and the record evidence ob-
tained lrom the War Department. A mem-
ber of that sub-committee is a graduate of
West Point, and one of its fast, warm, and
earnest friends. The majority of the members
of the sub-committee, and the majority ot the
members of the Committee on Military Affairs,
are warm and earnest friends of the institu-
tion ; and after this investigation, having con-
sidered the entire subject, its magnitude, and
the interest which the community have in ihe
Academy, and in this particular question, they
have come to this conclusion now presented to
the House.
The resolutions, Mr. Speaker, offered by the
committee have two aspects and two object^,
one asking the restoration to the Academy of
the three boys, the resignation of two of whom
was enforced, while one of them was dropped
011 examination. We ask that those three
boys be restored to the Academy. Then they
ask that a punishment be imposed on the'first
class as a condemnation of their conduct, and
that that punishment be the absolute and sum-
mary dismissal of all the men who were the
leaders in that class and who were instrumental
in bringing about this action, and that a court-
martial^ be organized for trying all those en-
gaged in the affair and who were not found
after investigation to be its leaders.
Ihosearethe propositions upon which the
House is called upon to act. I will first advert
to the resolution in reference to the three
boys. I do not intend to go over and recite
the evidence ; the facts proven by it will be
found clearly set forth in the report of tlie
committee. liut I ask the House whether
those three boys have not been sufficiently
punished in the treatment which they have
