1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
from which they hare so recently recovered, or would
compel them, as a mconsof eclf-prc?crvation, to join
forces with Cabral in opposition to their invaders."
Mr. President. Senators smiled as I read this
article, which I have no means of verifying.
I read it from an important newspaper, an
organ of news, as I have before said, differing
from me in sentiment. It seems to me not
unnatural that there should be such a feeling,
for it is in the human heart to love independ-
ence, and if our independence seemed to be
anywhere assailed then should we be aroused.
Nor have L any criiicism for these Haytians
because when their independence seems to be
assailed they, too, are aroused. Sir, to me
this is a painful matter—inexpressibly painful.
I cannot think of it without emotion. Sad is
it that this great country of ours, which should
beabeuediction to all its neighbors, has become
a minister of terror and of violence.
I send to tiie Chair an amendment, which I
wish to have come in at the end of the pend-
ing amendment of the House of Representa-
tives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
amendment, to the amendment will be read.
Mr. POMEROY. Perhaps the Senator is
willing to give way and have the matter come
up to-morrow.
Several SENwrona. Lot the amendment be
read.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a good many amend-
ments to offer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
amendment to the House amendment will be
reported.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest that by unani-
mous consent, we agree to take this vote to-
morrow, sav at two o'clock, or at three o'clock
if that will be more satisfactory. By such an
agreement we shall avoid a night session to-
night,
Mr. WILSON. Let us have this amend-
ment read.
Mr. POMEROY. I wanted to see if we
could get unanimous consent to an agreement
such as [ have suggested.
The VICE PK.ES1DEN T. The Senator from
Massachusetts nearest the chair [Mr, Wilson]
at, this moment objects to the arrangement, pro-
posed, and desires that his colleague's amend-
ment be reported.
Mr. WILSON. I will not object to an under-
standing being arrived at.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Chair
will state the question to the Senate. The
Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomekoy] asks
unanimous consent to an arrangement that
at two o'clock to-morrow the Senate proceed
to vote upon the amendment of the House
of Representatives and the amendments that
may be moved thereto.
Mr. MORTON. Would it not be better
that we should stay here now until we settle
this question, peihaps take a recess until half
past seven o'clock, and then come back and
settle it now? I would prefer myself to go
right on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Indiana object to the arrangement
proposed ?
Mr. MORTON- T do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts to the House
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. We have had one night
session on this subject, and I thought we might
be relieved from another.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment, will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] proposes to amend
the House amendment by adding to it these
words: 1
And the commissioners shall inquire especially
into t lie nlleged pendency of civil war m Dominion,
and the extent of territory occupied by the opposing
oaitic?; also, into the relations betwoen the existing
Government of Dominica and the neighboring repub-
lic of Hayti, and the pondeney of any claim, terri-
torial or pecuniary, by the latter upon the former,
and if there be any war or menace of war between
thebc twtf Governments.
Mr. WILSON. I do not want to stay here
this night, and I do not believe it is best that
we should have any more night meetings on
this subject. For one, I think the hour has
come to adjourn, and I want to adjourn now
and come here to-morrow and take up this
question and settle it. I think we can get
through it to-morrow in the ordinary hours.
Mr. CONKLING. How many days does the
Senator want to adjourn on it?
Mr. WILSON. I think we can finish it
to-morrow. I do not intend to stay here
to-night. I move that the Senate adjourn. I
think we can get through to-morrow without
any fuss or excitement.
The question being put, a division was called
for on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. STEWART and Mr. SUMNER called
for the yeas and navs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I ask
the Senator from Massachusetts to withdraw
his motion tor a moment.
Mr. WILSON. I will withdraw it for an
explanation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire simply to make
a suggestion. The Senate is in good temper
now; there it no excitement here. It is mani-
fest that if this debate goes on now the ses-
sion will be protracted into the night. I think
it will be a great deal better for all of us to go
home now and to come here to-morrow at one
o'clock. The discussion cannot then last very
long. There is, at this moment, noattemptas
yet exhibited faetiously to prevent the action
of the Senate, Should such an attempt be
made to morrow, I trust every person in the
Senate would then "sit it out." I certainly
would; but I think when there is no such
attempt, and we are all in good temper, the
better way would be to adjourn now until to-
morrow at the usual hour, take up this matter
then, and go on with it, and 1 should not
expect that any member of the Senate would
try to prolong the debate unreasonably. 1
think that would be better for all of us. Even
if such an attempt should be made to-morrow
then it would be a different thing to press a
session from what it is to do it now, because
it is now about the ordinary time of adjourn-
ment. 1 renew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. He says the Senate is
in good humor now. So I think. The Sen-
ate usually is; and that is a very good time
to sit out this measure or any thing else! I
think that generally when men are so good
humored they do things best. The honorable
Senator speaks of a factious opposition and
its possibility, an opposition for delay, and so
on. Now, 1 should like to inquire whether
evidence of such an intention would be fur-
nished to his mind by what has already been
disclosed? After this resolution has been
thoroughly debated and acted upon in the Sen-
ate, and gone to the other House and received
simply an amendment tending to dilute it, if
I may so say, tending to divest it of every pos
sible implication, or affinity, or sympathy with
the ultimate measure to which it relates—if
then a disposition is evinced to go on and re-
enact the former debate, to go over the merits
again, to discuss the whole thing upon the sim-
ple question of concurring in this amendment—
I ask if that would furnish to the mind of the
Senator evidence of a disposition to delay, to
procrastinate, to do something except that
which is ordinary in the case of a measure that
has been iully discussed in its largest sense,
and comes here now for a mere formal pur-
pose?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is rather a long
question, [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. It isj bat still I think
the Senator can answer it.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I prewme every Sen-
ator would judge for himself vhether there was
an unreasonable effort to interfere with the
business of the Senate. I myself never take
part in an enterprise of that kind. I have
never seen the occasion in the Senate when I
have deemed it my duty faetiously to oppose
the views of a majority of the body. I hope
the occasion may never arise when I shall do
so. I would stay, for one, as long as I could,
to prevent such action being consummated.
1 think, Mr. President, we shall get through
with this matter very nearly es soon, and with
better feeling and better temper and better
for the country, and certainly better for the
health of Senators, by adjourning now; and I -
renew the motion that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to make a
suggestion to the Senator from Illinois, if he
will withdraw that motion.
Mr. TRCMBULL. Very well.
Mr, STEWART. I suggest to the Senator
from Illinois that on the other occasion I
stayed here all night, and I did not make any
speech on the question ; but; if I remember
aright, the Senator from Illinois relieved him-
self somewhat by going home on that occasion.
[Laughter.] If we have got to have this thing
repeated, if we must stay another night, I
would rather stay to night than any other night
I can think of, and I would rather stay right
along. If the discussion is to be repeated I
do not think it will be near as long if it goes
right on now as it will be if we all go home
and get time to prepare speeches. If that is
to be done, I know that I shall have to stay
here and hear them—I always stay until a vote
is taken—and I shall have to sit up to-morrow
night, and perhaps the next day. If the mat-
ter is to be discussed over again I would rather
bear the impromptu discussion which comes
up naturally, without having previous prepara-
tion and long documents read. If it goes on
Jo-night, I am certain the discussion will bs
more interesting and more original than if we
wait until to-morrow. For my part I would
rather stay now.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. WARNER. Will the Senator yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. WARNER. If the presumption of the
Senator from Illinois is true, that there is no
intention faetiously to oppose this amendment
or action on this resolution—and I sincerely
trust it is so—then there will be no difficulty
in arriving at an understanding to take the vote
to-morrow at some hour, say at three or four
o'clock. I think the friends of immediate
action on this resolution would be glad to
agree—I should for one—that we adjourn to-
night with the understanding that to morrow
at any hour which may be agreeable, say at
four o'clock, the vote shall be taken. I ask if
there be any objection to that understanding?
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] yield
the floor entirely, or does he ch.im it?
Mr. POMEROY. I think wo had better try
again if we cannot get unanimous consent to
take this vote to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Massachusetts moved an adjou-nment, but has
yielded the floor to several Senators. Does he
insist upon his motion?
Mr. WILSON. 1 will yield for the purpose
indicated by the Senator from Xansas.
Mr. POMEROY." Then I suggest that.we
agree to vote on the House amendment and the
amendments to it at three o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. THURMAN. Say four o'clock.
Sir. POMEROY. Very well; say four
o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas asks that four o'clock to-morrow be
