1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1231
received, not only at the hands of tiic first
class, but at the bands of the officers of the
Academy ? It is true they have committed an
offense ; it is true that they violated the regu-
lations of the Academy. Two of them were
guilty of what is called a falsehood. They
made false reports, the one to cover up the
offense of his room-mate, the other to cover
his own absence from his own quarters, in
order that he might get into the room of the
other two and there visit for the evening. That
is their offense; an offense which, according to
the regulations, and according to the history
and traditions of the Academy, is of sufficient
magnitude to warrant the dismissal and expul-
sion of a man fioin the Academy. The third
was absent from bis quarters. These boys,
after having committed the offenses alleged
against them, were immediately placed under
arrest. We find that the officers were vigilant
and- ready to act. Theyplaeed the boys under
arrest, and brought charges against them, and
they were held by the military authorities ®f
the Academy. Theu what do we see? Why
we see the first class of the Academy rising up
as a mob, and taki/ig those boys, not only from
the arrest to which they had been committed
under charges, but taking them from the Acad-
emy, expelling them from the institution,
threatening them with violence of the worst
character if they returned ; intimidatiug them.
And not only that, but we find the. boys,
in consequence of that action, charged upon
the. records of the Academy and of the War
Department as deserters ; and, sir, when tliey
were brought back they were advised by the
commandant to resign, they were advised by
(he officer under whose charge they were
brought back to the Academy to resign, and
they ask in their letter, in piteous strain—■
"Allow us to resign, dismiss us from the Acad-
emy, but remove the charge which has been brought
against us tor desertion."
They did this because, according to their
own statement, they believed that the first class
would not permit (hem to return or tolerate
them any longer within the Academy. Now,
that was an offense against the regulations. It
is an offense for which they say they would be
dismissed the Academy upon trial before court-
martial, the facts being proven. Under these
circumstances have they not been sufficiently
punished? Look at the case. Here are three
boys, from seventeen to nineteen years of age,
young and inexperienced, placed at the Acad-
emy lor the purpose of receiving a military
education, placed under the charge of these
men, the superintendent and the officers who
are the instructors there, to be taken charge
of as young men sent away from their
homes to receive an education. Now, was it
fair treatment on the part of these men who
had charge of them to insist upon their imme-
diately resigning, and getting out of I he way,
so as to keep down publicity? It seems to me
not. and it seems to me that inasmuch as there
will be a year's time lost ,by these boys, they
ought to be restored to ■ the Academy. I
believe that the House, without further argu-
ment, is ready to go with the Committee on
Military Affairs, and to adopt this resolution
to restore these boys, believing that their pun-
ishment has been already sufficiently severe,
more severe than under the circumstances they
deserved.
Now, I do not mean in the remarks which I
make upon this question to impugn, any further
than is necessary in the course of the argu-
ment, the conduct of the officers at the Mili-
tary Academy. They have their reasons for
their action. The committee have not deemed
it necessary to offer any resolution of censure
in regard to these men. If a resolution of
censure is passed by the Congress of the Uni-
ted States or by the House of Representatives
upon a military officer of the Government, it
is one of the severest things that can be placed
upon record against any man in the military
service of the United States. Under pueh cir-
cumstances no officer would stay at his post a
single moment without tendering his resigna-
tion. He could not do so without dishonor.
It seems to me that the House ought not to
adopt the resolution offered by the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Johnson.] I believe
that, with the facts standing out patent before
the country, their action and conduct in refer-
ence to this matter; their haste to punish these
three boys; their failure to take action with
reference to the first class ; their keeping these
men in the service and at duty; it seems to me
that with all these facts admitted upon the
record, admitted by the officers, as is shown
by the letter of the superintendent, which has
been read at the Clerk's desk; it seems to me
that these men must, for their own defense,
as a matter of self-respect, call on the War
Department for a commission to inquire into
their conduct in this behalf. That this will
be done I have no doubt, and that it will result
in the end that these officers will be removed
from their present positions to some other in
the Army, where they may discharge their
duties as officers in a proper manner.
Now, Mr. Speaker, these are the reasons
which actuated the committee, I believe, in
not reporting a resolution such as that offered
by the gentleman from California, [Mr. John-
son.] So far as I am concerned, 1 would not
stand here and ask the adoption of such a
resolution, nor would I vote in favor of it,
believing that these men are sufficiently pun-
ished for any lack of discipline or of duty at
the Academy.
Now I come to the other proposition, and
ill'that consists the gravity of this whole mat-
ter. And it is for the House of Representa-
tives, after looking over this testimony and
giving it such consideration as it deserves, to
say whether the report of the Committee on
Military Affairs is too severe in reference to
the offense of these young men. If they be-
lieve that it is too severe, that this resolution
should not be adopted, as a matter of course
Ihey will recommend some lighter punishment.
But the Committee on Military Affairs have
recommended the lightest punishment that we
deemed the case merited. And I believe it
is the lightest punishment which should be
awarded to these boys for the serious offense
they have committed.
What is set forth in the evidence? There is
a class at the Military Academy at West Point
possessed of all the skill and science which
their military instructors can give them. They
have been "selected from various sections of
this Union. They are now on the eve of their
graduation from the Military Academy. They
have been instructed in the spirit of military
discipline ; they understand it from beginning
to end ; they know all about it. They are
themselves called upon to discipline others;
they are cadet officers ; they are captains and
lieutenants, and in that way and in every other
way they assist in disciplining the classes
beneath them.
And now what do we find them doing? And
why have they done what they did ? This first
class held a meeting in the Academy, as they
say, in the room of the officers of the day, who
himself was a member of this first class. They
met there and deliberated upon what should
be done with the three boys, Baird, Flickinger,
and Barnes, who had committed such a grave
and heinous offense that in the estimation of
these young men they were entitled no longer
to be allowed to remain in the Academy, to
receive the protection of its officers, or to re-
ceive instructions from its tacticians and pro-
fessors. The members of this first class met
together, and after deliberation they determined
that something should be done ; that lying had
become a prevalent offense at the Academy,
and that something must be done to elevate
the tone of the cadet corps. After the arrest
of these three boys was well known in the
Academy, after the charges against them had
bnen read to the corps of cadets upon parade,
this first class met, organized, appointed a
chairman, and selected committees to wait
upon this boy and upon that, and to do this
and that in reference to the matter.
Ir. that meeting this first class deliberately
agreed that these three cadets must be sent
off, and at once, and that night they proceeded
to execute that determination. They took the
boys from their rooms at midnight, after hav-
ing made them dress in citizens' clothes. The
entire class, thirty-five or thirty-seven in num-
ber, surrounded these boys, took them off into
the mountains, and told them that they must
nev«r appear at the Academy again, under the
penalty of being tarred and feathered. They
then quietly returned to their rooms for the
night.
But that is not all. In the morning, imme-
diately after reveille, when the roll is called,
these three boys who had been sent off were
reported as absent without leave. Young Cadet
Davis, the captain having charge of two of
these men, deliberately made his morning
report, which he carried to the commandant,
and which declared that these boys, Baird and
Flickinger, were absent without leave; and
another declares the same thing in regard to
Cadet Barnes, and that goes upon the record.
Then what is done ? These first-class cadets
stand quietly by and hear the report that the
three cadets were absent without leave. They
know that report will go to the commandant
and to the superintendent of the Academy.
They know that the commandant of the Acad-
emy must cause search to be made for the
missing cadets, and yet that report is allowed
to stand, and they permit it to go to the War
Department. That report is copied into the
evidence incorporated in this case, which states
I that these three boys had deserted the service
| of the United States, the highest offense that
can be charged against a soldier or an officer.
That is the position they are in. They uot
only cause this report to be made; they not
only put upon record over their own signa-
tures the falsehood that these young boys were
absent without* leave—and if there can be a
falsehood of a higher grade than another it is
the statement that these missing cadets were
absent without leave—but they thereby caused
them to stand upon the records of the War
Department as deserters from the military ser-
vice of the United States.
The matter having attracted notice and
caused some excitement at the Academy, they
then proceed to give their version of the affair
to the commandant. Two of them go and
make their report. They say they took off
those three boys; and they give as their reason
for doing so that there was too much lying in
the corps of cadets, that the character of the
corps was suffering, and that something must
be done to elevate it. They make this report,
and the commandant appoints a committee to
investigate the matter. They take the matter
out of the hands of the committee appointed
by the commandant, appoint a committee of
their own selection, and cause to be made a
report, which is upon the files of the War
Department and has been spread upon the
record in this case. They mate their own jus-
tification ; and what is their justification? It
is, as I have stated, that the character of the
corps of cadets ia running down in consequence
of lying; and in their opinion something must
be done to elevate it.
Such, Mr. Speaker, is the position of the
facts in this case. Those three boys are com-
pelled to resign. They come to some gentle-
man, a member of this House, who offers the
resolution under which the investigation has
been ordered. In view of the investigation
which has been instituted, in view of the
enormity of this offense, in view of the fact
that this disturbance appears to have been
committed by an organized mob, what is the
duty of the House of Representatives? Hav-
ing entered upon this investigation, it seems to
me that nothing less should be done than the
