1232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
awarding of summary punishment defined in
the regulations of the Academy. The punish-
ment which, according to'the regulations of
the Academy, should be administered to these
boys is dismissal from the Academy and dis-
missal from the service of the United States.
We are told that this offense was not a very
grtil one after all. I have seen it stated in
the newspapers that this is a matter which
might be overlooked in consequence of the
standing of the boy's and because the charac-
ter of the Academy has'been running down,
and that the motive of the boys in this offense
"was good. It is held that the motive, in some
sense, mitigates the offense. This is the posi-
tion in which the question presents itself to
the minds of some gentlemen on this floor and
some of the newspaper editors of the country.
But it seems to me the motive can in no
way excuse these boys for the violation of the
regulations of the Academy and the violation
of every principle of military subordination
and soldierly conduct. It is said that from a
military point of view the offense is to be con-
demned, but that there was a good motive
actuating these cadets. Why, sir, might not
every man who committed au offense allege a
good motive for his conduct? If it be true
that the motive is to excuse this offense why
might we not apply the same principle to the
offense that was committed in New England
years ago, the burning of the witches? The
motive was good, the preservation of religion
and Christianity in their purity. Yet does not
the Christian world everywhere condemn the
conduct of those men for this high offense ?
It is said further that there was no means
of securing the proper punishment of these
offenders at the Academy; that young men
have been charged with lying and other con-
duet unbecoming an officer and a gentleman ;
that they have been tried and convicted ; aud
that in nearly every instance—in all but one I
believe—the War Department has set aside
the finding and sentence of the court martial,
and, after a short suspension, has ordered the
young men to be restored to the Academy. It
is claimed that this is the only penalty that has
been attached to this most heinous offense of
lying, in a military sense. Let us look at this
matter for a moment.
One of the first principles that is taught a
soldier is perfect subordination. A soldier is
taught to obey the orders of his superior with-
out question. He is taught that it is his duty
to execute every order promptly, that he is
not to question the authority or the motives
of those who are his superiors. This is the
first principle of military subordination. Now,
sir, what do these boys do ? Why, sir, they
say that the authorities at Washington do not
sustain the authorities at West Point, and pun-
ishment cannot be meted out for offenders. I
would like to know whether that in itself is
not the highest insubordination?
Who are the nien who are to overlook these
matters in reference to these investigations
before courts-martial? In the first place, the
inspector of the Army, General Scbriver, who
is the inspector general of the Army, and who
has charge of that institution, and who loves
it as he does his own children. Now, do you
think he would do anything which would injure
in any way the standard of the West Point
Military Academy, or anything which would
depreciate it before the country? Who is the
next man? The Secretary of War, who has
charge of this Academy in his right of being
the head of the War Department. And who,
beyond all those, who above all these gentle-
men, has charge and superintendence of the
Military Academy ? Why, sir. the President of
the United States; a man who himself has been
a graduate of that Academy, a man who by his
subordination to superior authority, a man by
obeyingevery order without question, and who,
by reason of that fact, was such a perfect sol-
dier, so successful an officer, as to achieve the
highest position in the Army of the United
States, and who has since received the high-
est position in the land as the President of the
United States. He is the man who has charge
of the Military Academy. And do you say,
sir, and is it right and proper for this House
to say, that the President, who has had a
schooling both as cadet and officer for years,
and who is the President of the United States
to-day, does not understand his duty in refer-
ence to the Military Academy, and that when
he mitigates the finding of a court and changes
a punishment fixed by a court, by setting aside
an order of suspension or dismissal, does not
understand what is right and proper and due
to the military service and to the Military
Academy at West Point? It seems to me this
is, indeed, the highest insubordination. And
the reasons and motives which they give for
these offenses are the very ones which ought
to condemn them before the civilized world,
as well as before the people of the United
States. I urge the House, Mr. Speaker, I
appeal to the House, to take into considera-
tion, in acting on this resolution, those rea-
sons ; and if they are given the weight which
they deserve I feel assured that this resolu-
tion of punishment, offered for adoption by
the Committee on Military Affairs, will not
receive one dissenting voice.
Now what have we to expect of these boys?
This West Point Military Academy is an insti-
tution that is the property of the entire people
of the country. It is an institution in which
we all have an interest. From that Academy
has emanated the commander of our armies,
and from it may again emanate the men who
are to command the future armies of the
country, men upon whom will depend the des-
tiny of this nation. Ought we not, therefore,
in every respect to have the highest standard
of military education at West Point, in order
to give tone and discipline to the entire Army
of the United States ? Ought we not to demand
of these boys discipline, learning, and subor-
dination of the highest character? It is due
to the country that we should have at West
Point discipline and education unexcelled auy-
where else in the world, because of the great
expense which it entails upon the Treasury of
the nation.
Let me call attention for a few moments to
the expense of West Point. What are the
figures as taken from the official records. I
find upon looking at the various laws contain-
ing appropriations on our statute-books that the
West Point Military Academy has cost during
the fiscal years 1868, 1869, 1870, and 1871
$1,191,582 28. In four years we have appro-
priated that sum of money for the West Point
Military Academy, making the average ex-
pense each year $297,895 57.
Now let us see what is the expense of each
one of these cadets who graduates. In 1870
fifty-eight graduated. The present class num-
bers fortv-two. In previous years sometimes
more and sometimes a less number has grad-
uated. Let us take the average of a graduat-
ing class of fifty. What then will be the cost
of each one of these graduating cadets? If
the Academy graduates fifty cadets every
year it would cost to graduate each per year
$5,957 91, making in all about twenty-five
thousand dollars as the expense of educating
a young man and preparing him to enter the
Army. If the Academy is conducted without
the pay of cadets, supposing that pay to be
$175,000, about the average, then the general
expenses would be $491,582 28. This would
be an average per year of §122,895 57, and
would make the cost of each cadet per vear
$2,457 91.
Now let us compare these expenses with
other institutionsin the country. The Colum-
bia College, of New York, one of the most
aristocratic institutions in the country, foots
up an annual expenditure of $1,121 84 per
student. In the College of the City of New
York, which is free, the annual cost per stu-
dent is $369 54. In the Union College it is
$141 34perpupil. In the University of Roches-
ter it is $208 25. At one other, Manhattan
College, it runs up as high as $995 88. At
Harvard the highest expense of taking care of
a boy and educating him in college is $581;
at Yale-College it is $487.
Thus, sir, it seems the cost of educating
these boys is very great. I think, therefore,
we ought to expect of them the very highest
subordination. We ought to expect that they
would be the most perfect examples of dis-
cipline; we ought to expect of them that they
would sustain and assist the military authori-
ties who are there to enforce discipline in the
Academy. This we have a right to expect of
these young men. And now why should
•they not receive the penalty which should be
awarded to them, which is laid down in the
regulations as the one which should be meted
out in the case of all such offencss as this? I
ask, sir, shall these men be permitted to enter
the Army with this record standing against
them, with this offense unatoned for? Not
only is their offense unatoned for, but these
young men stand before the country, before
their .professors, before the superintendent
and the commandant of cadets, and before the
lower classes in the Academy, not only admit-
ting their offense, but claiming to justify them-
selves before the Academy, before the coun-
try, and to the Secretary of War himself—
justifying themselves in having done all this,
not only in violating the regulations, but in
trampling laws and honor and discipline itself
under their feet with scorn and with contempt.
I ask you, sir, if under those circumstances
the penalty proposed by the committee is too
high? Is it too severe ? Why, with the senti-
ment prevailing among these young men, with
this feeling that there is there in that' class,
what will be the result if we do not inflict this
punishment ? Why, they will enter the Army
of the United States, and if they are not
numerous enough to ruin and destroy the tone
of discipline in the Army their very presence
in the Army would have a tendency in that
direction. Their presence would have a tend-
ency to weaken authority in the Army, to
weaken the power and the influence and com-
mand of the military officers who stand over
them. And they would be likely to be tyrants
over those who are below them. That would
be the effect of it. And it would have a bad
effect all over the nation. It would give
countenance to mob law. It would be saying
that it is right and proper for a mob when-
ever it conceives an individual has committed
an offense to take that individual and visit
what in their estimation may be summary
justice on the head of the offender. I say
we would do a wrong, with all sanction and
respect for law, if we permitted these young
men to enter the Army under these circum-
stances. Sir, if they were to enter the Army
under those circumstances this poison would
rankle and spread, and would eventuate in
mobs, in mutiny, and perhaps would end in
revolution itself, or in attempted revolution
and rebellion. Sir, I, for one, am not willing
to countenance any such thing.
Sir, it is claimed that the punishment which
is to be affixed to these cadets is too severe
and too hard. Why, we do not propose any
infamous punishment. We do not propose
that they shall be degraded below their fel-
lows in the'communities into which they may
go and where they may settle. No, no. We
simply propose that the objects of their ambi-
tion, the objects of their education, shall be
turned into another direction ; that they shall
not enter the Army of the United States. We
say that they have conducted themselves in
such a way that they are not entitled to enter
the Army of the United States; that they have
so dishonored themselves, that they have so
degraded discipline, that they have so lowered
the tone of authority aud the sanction which
authority receives from the consent of those
who are under the jurisdiction of law an! of
