•1844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
fiable under the circumstances,' I think. This
same appropriation is in the sundry civil bill
that is before the Senate now and has been
acted on by the House of Representatives. I
think there is some misapprehension in this
matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
adjourn.
Mr. COLE. No; I think we had better not
adjourn. I hope the Senate will not adjourn
until we get through with this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We shall never get
through with it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move the follow-
ing amendment to the amendment, to be added
to it:
And for necessary appliances for the construction
of a navy-yard and for wharves, commencing quay-
walls, and for permanent improvements for a navy-
yard 011 Thames river. Connecticut, $50,000.
Mr. SCOTT. I rise to a question of order.
Is that within the rule? It adds additional
appropriation to this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania makes aquestion of order. The
Chair will ask the Senator from Connecticut
if this amendment has been referred to the
Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. No notice of it has
been given as applicable to this bill, but notice
has been given of it with reference to another
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not,
then, comply with the rule.
Mr. SCOTT. I feel bound to make the
question, looking at the warm support I have
received from the quarter from which this
comes.
Mr. POMEROY. Do I understand the
Chair to say that, when an amendmen is it
moved, it is not in the power of the Senate to
increase or diminish the amount appropriated
by it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
not ruled in that language. The Chair unques-
tionably thinks it is in the power of the Senate
to diminish the amount.
Mr. SCOTT. I withdraw the point of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The point of
order, is withdrawn. If the Senator from
Kansas desires the opinion of the Chair 
Mr. POMEROY. No; I do not want the
opinion of the Chair if there is no point of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
examined the question, and is very clear in his
opinion on the subject.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. 1 will say that the
position of the navy-yard on the Thames river
is very like that at League Island. A site was
donated to the Government by the State of
Connecticut and the city of New London, and
accepted by the Government and set apart for
that purpose ; and the appropriation for the
one is just as proper aSHhat for the other
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to, there being on a division—ayes 22,
noes 18.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment as
amended.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Several Senators. Let us vote it down.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not know
about that.
Several Senators. Yes, we will.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely de-
sire to say that this is embarking upon a new
enterprise that will involve not only $200,000,
but at least four or five million doliats. There
is no necessity for it at all; ther&has been no
public recommendation of it; and I therefore
hope it will not succeed, at any rate at this
late hour of the night.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Senator from
Vermont is mistaken in supposing that there
has been no recommendation for these appro-
priations.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the amend-
ment as amended be laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan moves that the amendment as
amended do lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-
seven, noes not counted.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask leave of the Senate
to make a brief statement before I offer an
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
do that on the bill. The bill is before the
Senate, and upon that he can make a state-
ment.
Mr. CRAGIN. I gave notice the other day
that I should feel it my duty to offer as an
amendment to this bill the House bill "to
regulate rank in the Navy of the United States,
and for other purposes," as proposed to be
amended by the Committee on Naval Affairs
of the Senate. I am very sorry that I feel
compelled to offer this bill as an amendment
to the naval appropriation bill; but I am aware
that this session is drawing near to its close
and that every moment is precious. I pro-
pose to make this compromise with the Sen-
ate: I am extremely anxious to be heard upon
this question; I should like to have three
quarters of an hour, or an hour, to speak on
this question, but the Senate can pass upon
this amendment in fifteen or twenty minutes,
and I will waive my right to say anything upon
this question provided the Senate will act
upon this amendment.
I will say further that this is a subject of
great importance to the Navy. It is of great
importance to the service. A controversy has
existed for a year or two upon this question of
rank, and it is very important that itshould be
settled. The amendment which I propose to
offer substantially satisfies both sides, for a
wonder ; although I admit that there are some
provisions in it that are not satisfactory to
either. Especiallythere is a provision in rela-
tion to the executive officer that is not satis-
factory to the staff. But aside from that, I have
assurances from the oldest and best officers of
the staff corps that they will thankfully accept
this provision. They are pressing me to urge
it and put it through at this session. The line
officers object to the six years that are added
to the length of service of the staff officers.
But I will not consume time in debate.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is printed "six" by
a clerical error; it ought to be " five " years.
Mr. CRAGIN. I think it had better remain
" six."
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs agreed to "five."
Mr. CRAGIN. I find that there is but
little objection on the part of the line, some of
the line at least, though I think myself it is too
much, especially for paymasters. Now I offer
the amendment, and I hope no one will move
to lay it on the table. I am pretty sure that
there will be no debate on it from any quarter.
Mr. POMEROY. Before the amendment
is read, is it proper to raise a question of
order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to know whether,
in the opinion of the Chair, this will be an
appropriation bill after we get through legis-
lating upon it? Will the thirtieth rule apply
to-his bill any more?
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the bill came
from the House of Representatives it was not
an appropriation bill, pure and simple, for the
House of Representatives added to the title
"and for other purposes."
Mr. NYE. And there are a good many
"other purposes" that have come from the
House in the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And the Senate
have added to the "other purposes."
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Chair hold i
the thirtieth rule applies to this bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does. The
Chair thinks this is one of the nine recognized
general appropriation bills to carry on the
Government, to which, however, very often
many other things are attached. The Secre-
tary will report the amendment of the Senator
from New Hampshire.
Mr. CRAGIN. I propose to retain the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from New Hampshire that the pro-
vision should be five years instead of six years.
That is the amendment we authorized to be
offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire having offered an amendment,
it will be reported to the Senate, and the Chair
will state to the Senator that he will be entitled
to the floor at the conclusion of the reading, if
he claims it, in preference to any other Senator.
Mr. McCREERY. If it is in order, I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order. Pending the reading of the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire the Senator from Kentucky moves that
the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. Twenty minutes will finish
this matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
add to the bill the following new sections:
Sec. —. That the officers of the medical corps on
the active list of the Navy shall be as follows:
Fifteen medical directors, who shall rank with
captains;
Fifteen medical inspectors, who shall rank with
commanders; and
Kitty surgeons, who shall rank with lieutenant
commanders or lieutenants: and each and ail of the
above-named officers ot the medical corps shall have
the pay of surgeons in the Navy, as now provided.
Passed assistant surgeons shaii rank with lieuten-
ants or masters.
One hundred assistant surgeons, who shall rank
with masters or ensigns, with the present pay and
emoluments ot assistantsurgeons in the Navy: Pro-
vided, That assistant surgeons ot three years' ser-
vice, who have been found qualified for„promotion
by a medical board of examiners, slnJil ha,ve the pay
of passed assistant surgeon, as now provided.
Sec. —. That no person under twenty-one or over
twenty-sixyears of age shall hereafter beappointed
an assistant surgeon in the Navy.
pay corps.
Sec. —. That the officers of the pay corps on the
active list of the Navy shall be as lollows:
Thirteen pay directors, who shail rank with cap-
tains ;
Thirteen pay inspectors, who shall rank with com-
manders ; and
Fifty paymasters, who shall rank with lieutenant
commanders or lieutenants; and each and all of the
above-named officers of the pay corps shall have the
pay of paymasters in the Navy as now provided;
Thirty passed assistant paymasters, who shall rank
witii lieutenants or masters, with the pay ot passed
assistant paymasters in tile Nary, as now provided ;
Twenty assistant paymasters, who shall rank with
masters or ensigns, with the pay of assistant pay-
masters as now provided: Provided, however, That
alt laws and regulations relating to the bonds of pay-
masters shall continue in full lorce and application,
and the issuing of a new appointment and commis-
sion to any officer of the pay corps under the pro-
visions of this act shall not affect or annul any ex-
isting bond, but the same shall remain in torce, and
apply to such new appomtmentand commission.
engineer cokps.
Sec. —. That the officers of the engineer corps on
the active list of the Navy shall be as follows:
Ten chief engineers, who shall rank with captains;
Fifteen chief engineers, who bhall rank with com-
manders ; aud
forty-five chief engineers, who shall rank with
lieutenant commanders or lieutenants; and each
and all of the above-named officers of the engineer
corps shall have the pay of chief engineers of tho
Navy as now provided;
One hundred first assistant engineers, who shall
rank with lieutenants or masters; and
Seventy-five second assistant engineers, who shall
rank with masters or ensigns; and thesaid assistant
engineers shall have the pay of first and second
assistant engineers of the Navy, respectively, as
now provided.
Sfiu.' . That no person under nineteen or over
twenty-six years of age shall be appointed a second
assistant engineer in the Navy; norshall any person
beappointed or promoted m the engineer corps until
after he has been found qualified by a board of com-
