406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
named as the time for voting on the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives and
amendments that may be offered to it. Is
there objection?
Mr. S5AULSBURY. No Senator on this
floor has a right to presume that his colleagues
are going to make a factious opposition to any-
thing. In fact, the word "factious" is not a
word to be *sed in the Senate. This plan of
introducing a previous question in effect in the
Senate of the CJnited States, by extorting an
agreement to take a vote at a particular hour,
under the threat of sitting all night, is of very
modern origin. It is true I have not been
here as long as some Senators; but I have
been here nearly twelve years, and I never
heard of such a thing for a number of years
after I entered this body. Debate was allowed
to the content of every member of the Senate
who wished to discuss a question; and such
a proposition as this, to take the vote at a
particular hour, with a menace hanging over
ns, "If you do not, we will tax your physical
strength," was a proposition unknown in this
body.
Now, sir, there never was, as far as the an-
nexation of territory to the Government of the
United States is concerned, a more serious
question than this. For the first time since I
have been in the Senate, upon an important
question, the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] is right. And I hope that it will be
the sense of the Senate, and I hope they will
see the propriety of allowing the fullest dis-
cussion upon such a question as this, without
saying in effect, "If you do not agree to take
this vote at a particular hour we will see who
is physically the strongest." I am not very
strong physically, but I can sit here as long as
he who sits latest.
I hope, sir, that this momentous question,
this question which addresses itself to the sober,
serious, calm, and deliberate judgment of every
Senator, which he should consider deeply and
well before he acts, will be allowed to be dis-
cussed in this body until the whole subject shall
have been exhausted. Sir, it is full of matter
for debate. I therefore ask Senators for once
not to attempt the introduction indirectly of
the previous question in this body, for it is in
effect that, but allow upon this question, if
upon no other which may come before the
Senate, opportunity for the most extended and
thorough debate.
Mr. WILSON. I renew the motion to
adjourn unless the arrangement proposed is
agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand that
the Senator from Delaware objects to the agree-
ment. He has made his speech.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Delaware object to the proposition to
take the vote to-morrow at four o'clock?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not object on this
particular occasion ; but I enter now my gen-
eral objection to this whole system of arrange-
ments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not an
objection to the proposition made. The Chair
will again put the question. Is there objection
to the proposition of the Senator from Kansas?
The Chair hears no objection, and it is the order
of the Senate. [Mr. Scott was on the floor,
addressing the Chair.] Did the Senator from
Pennsylvania rise to object?
Mr. SCOTT. I did not rise to object. I
rose, if it was still in order, to make an appeal
to the Senate to agree to this proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ithasbeen agreed
to, no Senator objecting.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well.
Mr. POMEROY. Is the time four o'clock
or three o'clock ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Four o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Chair be good
enough to state the understanding, that we may
know precisely what it is?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be read
in the Globe in the morning in the language
of the Senator from Kansas, which will be the
test by which the Senate will be governed.
Mr. CONKLING. The agreement is that
we vote at four o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the amend-
ment and all amendments offered to it.
Mr. CONKLING. That the debate close at
four o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 10, 1871.
The House metat twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Jourflal of yesterday was partly read;
when,
On motion of Mr. HOLMAN, the further
reading of the Journal was dispensed with.
cherokee neutral lands.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to present the petition of Mrs. M. E. Hay and
seven hundred and seventeen other American
women of Cherokee county, Kansas, demand-
ing justice at the hands of Congress. I ask
that the petition, which is brief, may be read.
There being no objection, the petition was
read, as follows:
Petition of the Ladies on the Cherokee Neutral
Lands in Kansas.
To the honorable Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States:
We, the undersigned, wives, mothers, daughters,
and sisters of the pioneer settlers on the Cherokee
neutral lands in Kansas, deein it our duty to appeal
to your honorable bodies for justice and protection
against a great outrage and wrong perpetrated upon
the people of this section through wbat is known as
the Joy purchase of these lands, the full particulars
of which are set, forth in the able report of 1 Ion. JoH-N'
P. C. Shanks, of Indiana, at your last session.
It is impossible for us to describe in this petition
the hardships we have endured in the last three
years: but we beg leave to state the simple truth,
that if the said Joy is to have the fee-simple to our
homes wo shall be turned houseless and homeless
into the world, because it is necessary for us to com-
ply with the unreasonable terms of the tyrant who
is attempting to rob us. We know you have thepower
topassan actfor ourrelicf if you will; andwe there-
fore pray for the homestead and preemption rights
which were jiromised us when we settled here; and
for this we will ever pray, &e.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the reference of this
petition to the Committee on the Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
republic 01? dominica.
Mr. ORTH. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The House, agreeably to
order, resumes the consideration of the Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 262, authorizing the
appointment of commissioners in relation to
the republic of Dominica.
Mr. WILLARD obtained the floor.
correction".
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I rise to a privileged
question. I wish to correct the report of an
incidental remark which I made yesterday in
reply to the proposition of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Okth] for an extension of the
debate until two o'clock to-day. I do not
complain of the report as being incorrect so
far as it goes, but as omitting a remark which
would clearly demonstrate what my position
was. The reporters have it that I said, "I
wish to say as a member of this House, rep-
resenting a district of Ohio, that I object to
any such arrangement." That is all correct;
but I said further that I objected to any such
arrangement unless further debate was allowed
than was contained in the proposition of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Orth.] I wish
to make the correction, because, inferentially,
by construction, I would be put in opposition
to the right of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] to make the speech which I am
happy be has made. I am glad so much of
Democratic sentiment on this side of the House
has at least gone to the country upon this mon-
strous proposition to annex a negro people, a
negro Government, and a foreign, ocean-sepa-
rated soil, not only to the domination, but the
degradation of the Constitution of the United
States.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman does not
hold the floor for the purpose of general dis-
cussion. Errors in the Globe are not questions
of privilege, although the Chair is always glad
to indulge gentlemen in makirig such correc-
tions.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I wish the correction
to be made that I was opposed to the arrange-
ment because further debate was not allowed.
REPUBLIC OF DOMINICA AGAIN.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that the debate on this question
may be continued to three o'clock this after-
noon.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Oh, no!
Mr. WILLARD. I ask that it be postponed
to half past three.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the proposition?
The SPEAKER. That the vote on this
question be postponed from two to half past
three o'clock.
Mr. AMBLER. I object.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to inquire whether
that would cut out the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. That would depend on
whether the House adjourned or not.
Mr. AMBLER. I object.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, inasmuch as
I voted against takingfrom the Speaker's table
the proposition from the Senate authorizing a
commission to visit the republic of Dominica,
and was, in company with only a very few of
my Republican associates in that vote, it is due
to myself that I should at least state the reasons
for my vote.
Mr. WOOD. I wish very much to hear the
gentleman from Vermont, and I hope we shall
have order.
Mr. WILLARD. I was just observing, Mr.
Speaker, that inasmuch as my vote yesterday
against the proposition to take this measure
from the Speaker's table is in conflict with tho
votes of a large majority of my political asso-
ciates on this floor, I deem it due to myself to
make a brief statement of the reasons which
influenced my action.
In the first place, sir, I am opposed to the
acquisition of the republic of Dominica, apart
of the island of San Domingo, either by treaty
or by joint resolution, and being opposed to it
I am opposed to taking any steps on the part
of Congress or the Government of the United
States looking to the incorporation of any part
of that island into the United States. The
measure that has been submitted to the House
for our consideration is proposed bj' the friends
of annexation and in their interest, and is, of
course, ingeniously designed, so far as they
can contrive their machinery, to advance the
purpose they have in view. Those urging this'
resolution will understand that it is an intro-
duction to a beginning in the acquisition of
the republic of Dominica, and I am at liberty
to conclude that they are intending to use the
machinery they have invented to help their
project. I am obliged, in this view of the
object of this proposition, and being reso-
lutely opposed to every phase of this project
of annexation, to refuse, so far as my vote
goes, to those pushing this measure the oppor-
tunity of using this invention in aid of their
scheme.
It is well understood, Mr. Speaker, that the
commission authorized by the resolution is
t® spend only two or three weeks at most in
their visit to the island of San Domingo. This
is not an inference from the haste exhibited
in rushing this resolution through Congress,
although such an inference would be fully
