1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
warranted. It is charged, and not denied, that
the commission is to return to Washington, not
only in season to report before the expiration
of the present Congress, but in time for Con-
gress to act upon their report. What time
will this leave to make search after the facts
relating to the subjects to be investigated by
the commission ?
I now ask the attention of the members of
this House to the topics set forth in this reso-
lution in regard to which the commission are
to inquire, and concerning which they are to
make report. In the first place they are—
To inquire into, ascertain, and report the political
state and condition of the republic of Dominica.
If they are expected to get any information
on this topic by a visit to that island that is not
already accessible to them in our public libra-
ries they must spend a far longer period than
the time contemplated by this resolution iu
ascertaining the facts connected with that
inquiry.
The commission are also to inquire with
respect to—
The probable number of inhabitants.
We know something, Mr. Speaker, of the
time required to take the census of one of the
States of this Union, and we may therefore
reasonably infer something in respect to the
time that would be required to ascertain the
number of the inhabitants of the republic of
Dominica. Six months w.ould at least be
required upon this matter of the census alone.
They are also instructed to ascertain—
The desire and disposition of the people of the said
republic to become annexed to and form part of the
people of the United States.
I ask, Mr. Speaker, bow is this to be done?
Are they to inquire of Baez ? Are they to ask
Fabens? Are they to consult Cazneau? Or
are tbey to traverse that island, in order to
make inquiry of its iiihabitants, from one
corner to the other, from one shore to the
other, and ask them what are their views in
respect to this question of annexation? Or
are they simply to inquire respecting the vote
■which wo are told has already been taken in
Dominica in favor of annexation ?
If they are to take this vote as reported
to them, what need of a commission on the
subject 7 And if they are to inquire of the
people, is it not ridiculous to suppose they
can make that inquiry in the space of one, two,
three, or six weeks ?
The commission are further, Mr. Speaker,
to inquire as to—
The physical, mental, and moral condition of the
said people, and their general condition as to mate-
rial wealth and industrial capacity.
This alone is a subject broad enough to
compel the attention of these commissioners
for years before they can make any report
upon which an accurate judgment can be
formed. To consider this subject wfth any
completeness would require the labor of three
commissioners, not only for the remainder of
this Congress, but during the life of the next.
They are also to inquire in respect to—
The resources of the country.
Are they to do that, sir, by observation, by
traversing the island, by examining what are
its minerals, what are its agricultural products,
what valuable woods are found there; or are
they simply to consult some gentlemen who
are friends of this measure, and who will give
them what purports to be the facts in reference
to these resources ? Obviously their informa-
tion on this subject must be second-hand.
They are to inquire, further, in respect to—
The general character of the soil, the extent and
proportion thereof capable of cultivation, the cli-
mate and health of the country, its bays, harbors,
and rivers; its general meteorological character, and
the existence and frequency of remarkable meteoro-
logical phenomena.
SupDOse they stay there two weeks, Mr.
Speaker—and I do not suppose anybody really
believes they will stay longer than that—how
many eclipses of the sun will they probably
notice in that time? How much will they as-
certain in respect to the frequency of the storms
and other meteorological phenomena they are
instructed to observe? How much of value
will we get from them on the subject of earth-
quakes? In short, in that time is it. possi-
ble for them to get any information as to this
subject of inquiry ?
The commission are to investigate the debt of the
Government and its obligations.
In regard to this, sir, there is no new fact
which, in my judgment, they can get possession
of by a visit to the island of San Domingo
which the Government has not already in its
own archives; or if there be another fact, it
will be quite beyond their power to get at it in
any time which they are expected to remain
upon the island. The aggregate of the debt
of the republic will be found, if at all, by call-
ing other witnesses than Baez and his confed-
erates, and by examining other documents,
treaties, and memoranda than those which
Baez will submit to the examination of this
commission.
The commission is further to inquire in
respect to the—
Extent of boundaries and territories; what pro-
portion is covered by foreign claimants or by grants
or concessions : and generally what concessions or
franchises have been granted, with the names of the
respective grantees.
This is a search which would require an
examination not only of all the records, if there
are such things as records of that republic,
but would require them to call before them
witnesses, not only there but elsewhere, in
regard to these grants, concessions, etc.
I call attention to these subjects of inquiry,
and very briefly of course, simply to show that
the scope of this investigation is so broad, is so
comprehensive, that the idea that this com-
mission is to bring back to us any information
in the least degree valuable is to my mind
absurd. Years would be insufficient to get
this information. How inadequate, then, must
be an examination of two or three weeks. It
is impossible, Mr. Speaker, that the commis-
sion will be able to report from their own
observation anything in any sense complete
upon the subjects of inquiry referred to them.
But their report will, however, be made, and
it will be made from books and the observa-
tions of others ; and it will be published as the
result of their own observations, aided by a
visit to the island. Such a report, it does not
need any prophet to predict, will be the argu-
ment of advocates, and not the decision of
impartial judges ; or if, in any sense, the
judgment of impartial men, it will be their
judgment after hearing and seeing only what
Baez, Fabens, and other friends of annexation
want them to hear or see.
The opponents of annexation have in this
measure absolutely no hearing. The commis-
sion is to be appointed by the President. It
will of course not be hostile to the measure
in advance ; and can any one give a guarantee
that it will not be friendly to it from the begin-
ning? When the report is made, will not the
friends of the measure insist that it is a higher
order of proof than can be obtained or has
been obtained by anyone else? Will theynot
urge that it is the report of a commission au-
thorized by Congress, for the very purpose of
getting accurate knowledge upon certain sub-
jects of inquiry, and that its statements are
therefore entitled to the highest credit? How
can the verity of such a report be assailed, ex-
cept by another commission in the interest of
those opposed to annexation, or by an investi-
gation by a committee of Congress, which can
examine the commissioners as to their oppor-
tunities and sources of information, and take
testimony on every aspect of the subject ? Is
it not apparent that this commission is de-
signed to make a case for the annexationists,
by giving a certificate of approval to statements
to be found now in the Congressional Library,
or in possession of the Executive, rather than
t,o ma.ke any real or thorough examination, by a
sufficient delay for that purpose, in the republic
of Dominica? I can but think this is the pur-
pose of this measure; and I am so thoroughly
opposed to the incorporation into the United
States of a people unlike us in all the elements
of character which help to make a republic a
secure and stable form of government, that I
am disinclined to give the friends of the meas-
ure this fulcrum to pry over.
Mr. COX. This measure authorizes the
President to appoint three commissioners and
a scribe, to proceed to and rov.e about Sau
Domingo. They are to feel the pulse of its
colored community of two hundred thousand,
and report its physical, mental, and moral
condition. The commission is especially to
ascertain how that enlightened community
is disposed toward us. In Hogarth's most
hide us pictures there is always some grace
to smooth the brow of satire. In this case
of Dominica it is the meteorological feature.
The commission is to inquire into the fre-
quency of remarkable meteorological phe-
nomena! They are not only to taste the
bananas and sip the coffee, but to find out
how often it rains or shines, thunders or
quakes, and especially what portents or me-
teors, luminous or other, float in the Domin-
ican atmosphere. Is it intended to include
such phenomena as Baez, Cabral, Caznau, and
Fabens. A pretty arrangement for a pleasure
and scientific excursion of gentlemen, who
will, perhaps unconsciously, aid the schemes
of mercenaries and speculators!
Although this is done with reference to the
incorporation of the Dominican republic into
the United States as one of its "territories,"
there was not enough of sugar-coating over
the dose to make it go down here, until the pro-
viso of my friend from Ohio [Mr. Ambler] was
introduced. His proposition has this absurd-
ity. It pretends not to commit us to annexa-
' tion by the passage of the resolution; yet we
all know that unless the annexation is accom-
plished there is no necessity of such a com-
mission. If the thing is foregone, the commis-
sion is a senseless waste of time and money.
No one is deceived by this proviso. It is well
meant, but whether it will be voted down or
not, the annexation will be practically a fact.
If you want to know the physical, mental,
and moral condition of the Dominicans and
their land take General Babcock's own report,
which he was directed to make on the 13th
July, 1870. All these points of the joint res-
olution were included in bis instructions. Why
not wait to read in print the report which was
presented here last evening in manuscript. It
is very full. I suppose it includes the re-
sources and even the meteorological phenom-
ena 1 If not, read an encyclopedia, or let
the State Department open its archives a little
wider. Let the report of Commander Self-
ridge, on file in the Navy Department, also be
sent for. Can we not have the orders given
to our vessels now in the service of Baez,
and being used by him to terrorize the oppo-
nents of annexation and paralyze its- honest
friends; or peruse the list of the grants of
lands, mines, franchises, colonization priv-
i ileges, debts, &c., attached to the treaty in the
| State Department, if you can get hold of it.
i Can my friend from-Indiana tell me whether
j that list was sent in yesterday with the report?
i I venture to say not. Why this ostentatious pre-
j tense of seeking information which is already
! had and obtained : ay, perhaps in the report
, not yet printed?
You are anxious to know what is the debt
of the Government, adjusted, unadjusted, or
under discussion. Why do you not call in
Fabens, who is here, and General Babcock.
who was directed to obtain this information
last summer? Has the debt grown since, and
why, and is that the reason for a new call for
it? Why did not the Executive, from which
this information is to be had on Domingo,
answer the resolution of last session, asking
