1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1847
with me because I do not agree with him, to
put into this bill a great piece of legislation
from the Naval Committee, a long bill on the
subject of the staff and line controversy, though
lie knows, and if he does not everybody else
knows, that so fixed are the purposes of the
House in the very contrary direction that in-
serting that bill ill the naval appropriation bill
will, iu all human probability, bring about a
dead lock between that House and this, and
will most certainly produce a long, perhaps
irieconcilable conference. I am unable to
perceive how my colleague can claim for him-
self any desire to speed his appropriation bills.
Much less can I understand how he can find
fault with anybody, especially with me. Cer-
tainly I have shown no disposition to debate
these bills unduly or indeed to any great extent
whatever.
1 am amazed, sir, that any one should pro-
pose to pass a measure so important as this is
now close upon midnight of the last day but
two of the session.
Mr. COLE. My colleague on more than one
occasion has indulged in his propensity for
scolding. It is fortuuate for him, I apprehend,
that, the law against common scolds does not
prevail at this time, else it might operate to
his disadvantage. I hope we may now reach
a vote on the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I made a motion, I think,
for an adjournment. My colleague would not
allow it to be put, interrupted me, and now I
lenew it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
withdrew the motion, yielded to his colleague,
and afterward spoke without renewing the
motion.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood I withdrew
the motion merely to allow my colleague to
speak.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator did
so : and then, after his colleague spoke, the
Senator took the floor and spoke, as he could
not if a motion to adjourn had been pending,
and resumed his seat without renewing the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask leave to renew it
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
a right to move it now. The Senator from
California moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to lay this amend-
ment on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I have now read this
amendment. It is a House bill, with a great
deal stricken out and a great deal added to it.
It, consists of about eight or nine pages, after
making allowance for what has been stricken
out. it is amended in pencil in the margin,
interlined in pencil and in ink, has riders upon
it, and in twenty places, perhaps, there are
provisions in it stricken out. It has been read
at the Secretary's desk.
Now, | appeal to the Senate,- to the candor
of every Senator here, does he know what this
amendment is? Not one of them has it upon
his table, not one of them has ever seen it m
print or in manuscript except the Senator who
offered it and the members of his committee,
if it comes from his committee. It comes
here a piece of patch-work that nobody has
had the least opportunity in the world to study;
and this question, upon which a large body of
meritorious men in the service of the country
are so sensitive, we are asked to determine
now without a word of discussion, at nearly
midnight. Sir, that will not do. There is one
thing that will strike any one who will read
this measure. In the first place, it does not
affect the pay of the staff in the slightest char-
acter. I am right in that, am I not2
Mr. CKAGIN. That is so.
Mr. THURMAN. In the second place, it
does not give the staff any command.
Mr. NYE. That thev never asked for.
Mr. TliURMAN. Very well. It does not
give them any command at all. It is all about
rank. It is "rank with .rank," [laughter;]
that "a chaplain shall rank with a captain,"
and "a surgeon bhall rank with a commo-
dore," and the like. It is all " rank." What
is the rank to do after you have given it to
them? It gives them no more pay; it gives
them no more command ; it gives them noth-
ing in the world but a title. That is all itgives
them.
Mr. CRAGIN. Itgives them social equality.
Mr.THURMAN. "Socialequality!" Good
heavens, have they not social equality now?
Are they black? The only people that I hear
complain of not having social equality are
black men. Do not Senators mingle in social
equality with other men? I think that when
theyget in their own States and want to be
popular they are very glad to be on terms of
social equality with the people.
Mr. NYE. And are very glad to have the
common people come and see them.
Mr. THURMAN. Very glad, indeed, to as-
sociate with common people. "Social equal-
ity!" That is not it at all. But it is a ques-
tion that does touch a man in the military or
naval service what shall be his rank. It is
the point of honor. That to a military man
is more than anything else in the world ; that
is what makes these men so sensitive ; that is
what makes these staff officers so sensitive.
It is the point of honor. It is not the pay ; it
is not the command ; it is not the quarters, for
here it is provided that they shall get no better
quarters by reason of their increased rank ;
but it is the point of honor. I say you ought
not to decide such a question as tbat which
has so deeply affected the Navy for years, upon
which men are more sensitive than any other,
at this time of the night, and without ten Sen-
ators in the body having read this amendment
and knowing what it is. Let it be done if the
Senate think fit to get rid of all the trouble, to
get rid of all this literature you are receiving
through every mail; but do not say you did it
intelligently.
Now. sir, I am as good a friend of these
staff officers as anybody can be; and I am a
good friend of the line officers, too. I should
like to see this question intelligently settled,
so that there may be peace in the Navy. It
has been a disgrace to this country that there
should have been this quarrel that has gone
on for so many years. In no other country in_
the world would it have been permitted. In
aoy country in Europe these men would have
been silenced, either the one or the other, by
an order lhat would have settled the thing, and
settled it definitely. But here every Senator
and every Representative in Congress has been
appealed to from year to year, and invited to
consider it in every form in which supplica-
tions can be made. I am in favor of settling
it; but do let us have it settled intelligently,
so that when it is settled there will be peace
and harmony in the Navy.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I agree
entirely with the Senator from Ohio in the
remarks he has made so far as he has sug-
gested that this matter ought not to be con
sidered at this time of the night. Before I
came to Congress at this session I received
large numbers of pamphlets, publications of
various kinds, and newspaper articles on this
unfortunate controversy between the staff and
the line. Being a member of the Naval Com-
mittee, perhaps I have received more com-
munications than other gentlemen who are no t
members of that committee. I read a few ot
them, and I read them with great regret and
with great sorrow. My own honest, judgment
is, that if this thing is not stopped soon and
remedied fully and effectually the best thing
to do is to have a general court ot inquiry or a
court-martial and dismiss every man from the
naval service who has written an article on
the subject attacking the Navy, for they have
assailed not only one another, but the Navy.
The articles from the staff are not attacking
the line only, but they tend to degrade the
American Navy,.degrade it before the people,
degrade it before the country, to break it down
in the estimation of Congress. This thing
must be stopped, and shall be stopped if 1 can
do it. We had better abolish the whole Navy
and build it up anew than permit this fight to
go on, which is demoralizing all the youtig
officers in the service.
if they do not love the service and hold its
fair fame higher than all other things they
ought to leave it and give place to better men.
I am a very humble member of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and have very little in-
fluence over that committee; but I love the
Navy of this country. I am proud of its past
history. It has been glorious in the past; it
is capable of being glorious in the future. We
have a great sea-coast to protect,. We have
commerce to protect iu every part of the world.
We have five squadrous now in the different
parts of the globe protecting our flag, protect-
ing our commerce, protecting us, and main-
taining our position as a great maritime Power.
Yes, sir, maintaining our position as a great
maritime Power, although we have to-day the
poorest Navy in the world as far as ships and
material is concerned; the poorest, I mean,
of any nation that claims to be a maritime
Power. The gallantry of our officers, the
devotion of our sailors, the great interest that
our people have felt, and the proud recollec-
tions of the past have kept it up when Con-
gress would not appropriate the money to keep
it up with the necessities and improvements
of the times. I love the Navy; and I hope
and pray that Congress will, in its discretion,
see that in time ot peace as well as in time
of war we must maintain our Navy if we mean
to maintain our position among the nations
of the earth. It has been the tortune of our
naval heroes always to fight under disadvan-
tage, and from the days ot Paul Jones and the
Bonhomme Richard to the present time they
have carved their own way to fame and honor
with materials utterly unfit for the accomplish-
ment of the ends to be attained.
For this reason 1 do not want to enter into the
consideration of this question to-night. There
are men who have written to me, and who have
sent publications to me, who, it seems to me,
desire to make the lollipop boy, who spreads
plasters for the surgeon, the captain of the
ship. -There are other men, perhaps, who you
may say, would reverse that condition of things.
As for me, 1 am neither for staff or line, but
for the Navy. Let me say one word in oppo-
sition to what the Senator from Ohio said.
Rank without command is nothingbut an order
of nobility. We have never hacl that in this
country, and we do not need it. The object
of rank, the object of insignia, the object of
epaulets, the object of chevrons, is simply to
show that the person wearing thera has a posi-
tion which entitles him to command. The
surgeon of a ship should make his position,
iu my humble judgment, by being a good sur-
geon, and he should be put in the position
that his age and his qualifications entitle him
to; and so it should be with every officer of
the line or staff. His pride, sir, in his pro-
fession should be such that he should despise
such disputes as whether he walked in front
of a lieutenant or behind him ; and yet, sir, he
should be placed, without having to ask for it,
in such quarters and position as his age in the
service and abilities entitle him to.
But it should never be forgotten that he is a
professional man, whose duty it is to heal and
not to sail or command a ship. Ihe gross vio-
lation of the esprit de corps in this controversy,
I am willing to admit on both sides for the
sake of the argument, will continue to demor-
