410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
fifty thousand of them. Why should we reject
their beautiful, inestimable gift, for fear of
contamination by the givers when we have
millions like them, or not so good?
It is singular that gentlemen who owe their
seats to the ruling elements of New York city
should assume the airs of Pharisees toward the
people of San Domingo, and seek to pass them
by upon the other side as unworthy, of regard ;
that Representatives of a party which looks to
the South and courts the colored vote for
power should express such abhorrence at the
thought of a colored territory; that those who
are eager to annex Cuba at the risk of war, and
who denounce the Administration for failing
to adopt their views, should declaim against
this innocent little Dominican republic. They
strain at this gnat, while they would at any
time these many years have swallowed, and
would swallow now, that camel, Spanish and
Creole, African and Asiatic, bond and free, a
million and more, slavery and slave trade,
coolie and coolie trade, all and all. This Dem-
ocratic opposition seems forced and affected.
It is in discord with the record of that party in
its better days. It seems inspired by no higher
motive than hatred of the great soldier and
patriot who is at the head of the Government,
and who regards this measure as advantageous
to the country he has done so much, more than
any other living man, to save.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is a yet higher view
of this question. The United States has pro-
claimed her opposition to the extension of the
dominion of European Powers over American
soil, and to their interference in American
affairs. Here stands a young, feeble, Ameri-
can republic, who, through more than half a
century of struggles, has become free, knock-
ing at the doors of our proud and powerful
Union, and asking shelter and protection from
her enemies and for the advantages of our insti-
tutions and laws. Shall we turn her from our
threshold, refusing even to examine the munifi-
cent offering she brings to lay upon the altar
of liberty which sanctifies the temple of our
Union? With what countenance could we then
face the woild and raise our voice for Ameri-
can independence against foreign intervention ?
If having been rejected by us with such con-
tumely this Dominican republic should apply
for protection to some European Power, how-
ever hostile to us, and offer to a rival or an
enemy her boundless resources and her com-
manding bay, with what reason could we object,
with what justice resist the acceptance of that
offer by any Power ? What Power would de-
cline such an offer or regard our nerveless
opposition? The final defeat of this measure
would be desertion of our boasted doctrine of
American independence of Europe—base de-
sertion of that vital principle in the hour of
our triumph, when we have power, if we had
the will to enforce it.
Mr. POTTEU obtained the floor.
Mr. VOORHEES. Will my friend from
New York [Mr. Potter] yield to allow a tel-
egram on this subject to be read by the Clerk ?
Mr. POTTER,. Certainly.
Mr. VOORHEES. I ask the Clerk to read
a telegram which I received on yesterday.
The Clerk read as follows :
Indianapolis, January 9,1871.
Hon. D. W. Vookhees :
The senate of Indiataa has just passed joint reso-
lutions instructing our Senators and requesting our
Representatives to vote against the annexation of
bnn Domingo, and directed them to be sent to lion.
Chaei.es Sumxeb.
JASON B. BROWN.
Mr. ORTH. Those who know how the Indi-
ana senate acquired its Democratic ascend-
ency are not surprised at its action, as indi-
cated by the telegram just read.
Mr. VOORHEES. I hope these resolu-
tions of instructions will be obeyed by my col-
leagues on the other side of the House.
Mr. SHANKS. Was it the senate recently
organized in the State of Indiana that passed
the resolutions referred to in the telegram?
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I should not
be disposed to resist the passage of this reso-
lution if it were indeed a simple resolution of
inquiry. ' The courtesy which I conceive due
the Executive would always make me unwilling
to oppose any mere inquiry which he desired.
But this resolution which comes to us from the
Senate is more than a mere^ resolution of in-
quiry. It is a resolution for inquiry to be con-
ducted by persons to be appointed by the Presi-
dent himself. And the President has so form-
ally and repeatedly committed himself to the
acquisition of Dominica that we have no reason
to suppose that any commission he might select
would arrive at a different conclusion. The
truth is, therefore, that to send such a commis-
sion to inquire into the expediency of purchas-
ing Dominica is but to take a step toward that
purchase. Indeed, we know now so much about
Dominica, and its acquisition involves at this
time considerations of such general national
importance, that our action in regard to its
acquisition will hardly be governed by the
report of any commission whatever.
My distinguished friend from Indiana who
has charge of this resolution said upon yester-
day, that whatever there was glorious in the
record of the Democratic party came from its
extension of the national domain. As to this,
sir, I take leave to entirely differ frotn him.
The acquisition of national domain is glorious,
by whichever party effected, just as far as the
domain acquired is important in itself, and as
its acquisition at the time may be just and wise.
It has, indeed, happened that all the more im-
portant additions to our territory—Louisiana,
Florida, Texas, and California—have been
effected under Democratic Administrations.
But however glorious their acquisition may
have been, they were far from being either the
main purpose or the chief glory of that great
party. Its claim to the respect and gratitude
of mankind is, above all, to be found, as I
think, in the fact that it has been the party of
limited and localized government.. From the
adoption of the Constitution to this day it
has been the party which has most sought to
preserve individual liberty by setting bounds
to the power, and placing restrictions upon
the action of Government.
So long as the action of the Federal Govern-
ment was restricted to matters which directly
concerned all the States; so long as the States
were left free to regulate their own domestic
concerns; so long as the populations of the
countries to be acquired were competent to
govern themselves and act harmoniously with
the existing States, just so long did our Dem-
ocratic fathers believe the territory of the
Union might be safely enlarged. But, sir, we
have fallen upon different times. A great civil
war, undertaken to preserve this Government
and waged in good part to abolish slavery, has
unfortunately been followed by a revolution
in the nature of our government. We have
retained the names and we have preserved the
forms which existed before the war, but the
nature and spirit of our government has been
changed. Powers have been assumed by the
Federal Government and permitted by the
people never before tolerated. Every day
Federal legislation enters upon some new field,
each more dangerous than before. After six
years of submission and peace we still have
great States tieated as provinces, which the
central Government has reconstructed and
re-reconstructed, and, it is said, again threatens
to once more reconstruct.
The Constitution has been so changed as to
guaranty suffrage to men of every race and
color, without the permission of the States in
which they reside. And however just such
suffrage may be in itself, the effect of this
amendment has thus far been to enable the
party in power to largely use the black pop-
ulation of the South as a means of gaining and
retaining power. I think we must all feel that
the acquisition of Dominica by this Govern-
ment cannot fail to soon draw after it the
acquisition, in some way, of the rest of the
island, with its vast population, even more
unsuit.ed to self-government by race, by train-
ing, and by habit than the colored population
of the South; a population who, whether gov-
erned in the form of a State or of a Territory,
would be but a dependency of the Executive ;
whose influence and whoso representation
would be but a means to perpetuate the party
in power.
Sir, my State contains nearly twelve per
cent, of the entire population of this country.
While she has but two Senators to represent
four millions and a half of people there are
more than thirty Senators representing let-s
population. While the States were sovereign
there were indeed reasons for this equality of
sovereign butinequa4ityof popular representa-
tion. But as the States cease to be sovereign,
as the Government becomes consolidated, these
reasons cease; and New York and the other
great States may well object to the admission
of new States and the addition of more ter-
ritory, to be iu time made States, until this
injustice is corrected.
Mr. Speaker, the acquisition by thi3 nation
at any time of intertropical country is a grave
question deserving the most full and careful
deliberation. It is to be well considered
whether this people can be benefited by the
possession of any country where they can live
without labor, and whether, if our race should
occupy this island, it can escape the degen-
eracy which all other races have experienced
who have lived long on its luxurious soil. But
however that may be, sir, need not now be
determined. The question is not now whether
this country can ever acquire the West India
islands with advantage, but whether we should
now'take any step toward such acquisition.
Sir, I am not unmindful of the military
importance of Dominica, nor of its fertility, its
beauty, and its natural capabilities. Neither
am I unmindful of the opportunity which is
now offered to acquire it. And I can weli appre-
ciate how gentlemen who believe in the exist-
ing system of government, and feel no alarm at
the centralization of power, which has of late
years grown up here, should regard this occa-
sion as one which it would be alike unwise and
unpatriotic not to avail of. I impugn no such
man's motives in favoring the acquisition of
Dominica. There is, indeed, something attrac-
tive in this beautiful island. Such resources
of national wealth and capabilities of national
powerare suggested by its acquisition that any
citizen is naturally disposed to favor it.
What at other times and in other stages of
the Government I might do I need not now
decide. But to-day, when Georgia, one of the
original thirteen States, is excluded from rep-
resentation ; when it is reported that the Exec-
utive is about to recommend the exclusion and
reconstruction, as it is called, of other States ;
when Federal interference has caused the South
to be so largely represented by those not to the
manner born; when every increase in Federal
power and Federal patronage endangers the
rights of States and the rights of individuals—■
I am not disposed to acquire more territory
which may become the means, in the hands of
the Executive, of further centralization, how-
ever important or valuable I might, under other
circumstances, regard its acquisition.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, it was not my
purpose to occupy the attention of the House
upon the resolution of the Senate which has
been brought before the House by the honor-
able gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Orth,]
and I was particularly indisposed to undertake
any discussion of this subject after gentlemen
on the other side of the House had arrived at
the conclusion that but two hours were to be
allowed fordebate. It must be evident to you,
Mr. Speaker, that upon a great question of this
sort it is impossible for any gentleman within
the limited time allowed by the other side of
the House to do justice either to himself or to
the subject. It seemed to me that a move-
