1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
184$
to strike out the clause, "for the construction
of two iron-plated torpedo-boats, $600,000."
Mr. COLE. Question I
Mr. McCREERY. Well, sir, as the gen-
tleman is so anxious for the question, I will
merely submit it to the vote of the Senate,
whether this is to stand or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Kentucky.
Mr. McCREERY. On this question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 21; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Casserly, Corbett, Fow-
ler, Hamilton of Maryland, McCreery, Morrill of
Vermont, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Robertson,
ltoss, Spencer, Sprague, Stearns, Thayer, Thur-
man, and Trumbull—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Cragin. Edmunds, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Ilowe, McDonald, Nye,
Osborn, Ramsey, Sawyer, Seott, Stewart, Stockton,
and Wilson—21.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Davis,
Fenton, Perry, Flanagan, Gilbert, Harris, Hill,
Howard, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, MU-
ier, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Pratt, Revels, Rice,
Saulsbury, Schurx, Sherman, Sumner, Tipton,
Viekers, Warner. Willey, Williams, and Yates—35.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
deficiency bill.
Mr. COLE. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2995) making appropriations to supply
the deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the Government for the fiscal years
ending June 30, 1870, and June 30, 1871, and
for former years, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. Let us have the bill read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is before
the Senate, and there being uo motion to ad-
journ the bill will be read.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion. ["No!" "No!"] I
demand the yeas and nays. Let us see whether
the Senate will adjourn or not.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 12 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard.Blair, Boreman, Casserly,
Chandler, Corbett, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan,
McCreery, McDonald, Osborn, Patterson, Pool,
Ramsey, Robertson, Scott, Spencer, Stearns, Stock-
ton, and Trumbull—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Cole, Conkling, Cragin,
Hamlin, Howe, Nye, Ross, Sawyer, Stewart, Thayer,
and Wilson—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames. Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Davis, Ed-
munds, Fenton, Ferry, Fianagun, Fowler, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Harris. Hill, Howard, Howell,
Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Miller, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pomeroy, Pratt, Revels,
Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman, Sprague. Sum-
ner, Thurman. Tipton, Viekers. Warner, Willey,
Williams, and Yates—42.
So the motion was agreed to; and, at twelve
o'clock and twelve minutes,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 2, 1871.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
hon. john c. conner.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a privileged
question, and submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That Hon. John C. Conner be paid out
of the contingent fund of the House of Represent-
atives $2,000, in lull of all expenses in defending his
right to a seat in the present Congress.
That is the unanimous report of the sub-
Committee of Elections, Mr. Paine of Wis-
consin, Mr. Potter, and Mr. Barry. I present
it because the member who had it in charge
has not been able to attend to his duties here.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mileage.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Mileage to report a bill (H. R.
No. 3072) to amend an act to fix the times for
regular meetings of Congress, passed January
22, 1867.
The bill was read a first and second time.
. The bill provides that the second section of
an act to fix the times for regular meetings of
Congress, passed January 22, 1867, shall not
apply to members of Congress who shall be
appointed or elected after the day fixed for the
first meeting of Congress, although such mem-
bers were also members of the previous Con-
gress.
Mr. RANDALL. That had better go to the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. STEVENSON. This bill was intro-
duced by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Poland,] and referred to the Committee on
Mileage, and by that committee unanimously
recommended to the House for passage. The
object is to provide mileage for members who
are elected to Congress after the commence-
ment of the term and who go home to be
reelected and come back, as in the case of
New Hampshire, Connecticut, and, it maybe,
California and Texas.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does it give
these gentlemen any more mileage than other
members ?
Mr. STEVENSON. It simply puts them
on an equality.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from thb senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symps'ojt,
one of its clerks, announced that that body
had passed the following bills, with amend-
ments ; in which the concurrence of the House
was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 2789) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1872, and for other purposes ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2816) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes.
claims commission.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported back, with
amendments, a bill (II. R. No. 2919) to pro-
vide a board of commissioners for the exam-
ination of certain claims.
The bill was read. The first section author-
izes the President of the United States to nom-
inate and, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, appoint a board of commis-
sioners, to be designated as commissioners of
claims, to consist of three commissioners, not
residents of Stales lately in rebellion, and
who shall be commissioned for two years, and
whose duty it shall be to receive, examine, and
consider the justice and validity of such claims
as shall be brought before them of those citi-
zens of States lately in rebellion who remained
loyal adherents to the cause and the Govern-
ment of the United States during the war, for
stores or supplies taken or furnished during
the rebellion for the use of the Army, includ-
ing the use aud loss of vessels or boats while
employed in the military service of the United
States. And the said commissioners in con-
sidering said claims shall be satisfied from the
testimony of witnesses under oath, or from
other sufficient evidence, which shall accom-
pany each claim, of the loyalty and adherence
of the claimant to the cause and the Govern-
ment of the United States before and at the
time of the taking or furnishing of the property
for which any claim shall be made, and of the
quantity, quality, and value of the property
alleged to have been taken or furnished, and
the time, place, and-material circumstances
of the taking or furnishing of the same. And
upon satisfactory evidence of the justice and
validity of any claim, the commissioners shall
report their opinion in writing in each case,
and shall certify the amount and value of the
property taken, furnished, or used as afore-
said. And each claim which shall be consid-
ered and rejected as unjust and invalid shall
likewise be reported, with the reasons therefor;
and no claimant shall withdraw any material
evidence submitted in support of any claim.
The second section provides that said com-
missioners shall each take the oath of office
provided by law to be taken by all officers of
the United States, and shall proceed without
delay to discharge their duties under this act.
The President of the United States shall desig-
nate in his appointment one of said commis-
sioners to be president of the board, and shall
be authorized to fill any vacancy which, may
occur by reason of death or resignation in said
board; and each commissioner shall have
authority to administer oaths and affirmations,
and to lake the depositions of witnesses in all
matters pertaining to their duties. The said
commissioners shall meet and organize said
board, and hold their sessions at Washington,
and shall have authority to adjourn to meet
for the further prosecution of their duties at
such times and places within the States lately
in rebellion as they shall themselves appoint.
Two members of the board shall constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business, and
the agreement of two shall decide all questions
in controversy. The said commissioners shall
have authority to make and publish rules for
their procedure, not inconsistent with this act,
and shall publish notice of their sessions in
any town, county, city, or State. They shall
keep a journal of their proceedings, to be
signed by the president of the board, and a
register of all claims brought before the board,
showing the date of presentation, number,
name, and residence of claimant, subject mat-
ter, and amount of claim, and the amount, if
any, allowed; which records shall be open to
the inspection of the President and Attorney
General of the United States, or of such officer
as the President may designate. The third
section provides that said commissioners shall
make report of their proceedings, and of each
claim considered by them, at the commence-
ment of each session ot' Congress, to the
Speaker of the House of Representatives, who
shall lay the same before Congress for consid-
eration; and all claims within this act and
not presented to said board shall be barred,
afcd shall not be entertained by any Depart-
ment of the Government withou-t further au-
thority of Congress. The fourth section pro-
vides that the commissioners of claims shall
be paid, under this act, at the rate of $5,000
per annum each, and they shall have authority
to appoint one clerk and one short-hand re-
porter, to be paid at the rate of $2,500 per
annum each, and one messenger, to be paid
at the rate of $1,200 per annum, who shall
accompany the boa d and perform the services
required of them respectively ; and said board
shall be further allowed 'the necessary and
actual expenses of transportation of its mem -
bers and employes, and of office rent, furni-
ture, fuel, stationery, and printing, to be ci-
tified by the president of tie board, and to be
audited ou vouchers, and paid as other judi-
cial expenses are. The fifth aud concluding
