1238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. Before the gen-
tleman takes liis seat I would like to ask him
a question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
answer it with pleasure.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. If the report
of the committee, as amended by the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
shall be adopted, then the three victims of this
outrage will be put back in their Academy
course one year, while the perpetrators of the
outrage will be let off with only the loss of a
vacation. Now, 1 put it to the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether the measure of mercy
which he offers to the House is not full of
injustice.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In the
first place, Mr.. Speaker, these young men,
Fleekinger, Barnes, and Baird, are recom-
mended by the committee to be restored to
the Academy, to take effect the next academic
year; that is, it is recommended that they be
permitted to take their places in the fourth
class of that year without further punish-
ment "for their offenses." It is not for this
outrage upon them by the first class that
they are to be put back. Hence the form of
the question as put to me is not quite fair.
The question is not whether for this outrage
certain of the parties are to be permitted to
graduate without delay, while, lor the same
' offense these three others are to be put back
for one year?
The offenses for which the committee report
that these three young men shall be put back
are those of which your committee has found
them guilty in their report, offenses involving
a breach of discipline and of honor. But it is
not proposed that-for those offenses even they
shall be forever excluded from the Army of
the United States, as is proposed by the com-
miitee with reference to the first class; but
simply that they shall lose a little time, a mat-
ter ol small consequence to youth so young:
that they shall resume their studies with this
admonition and with the prospect of going
forward in a career of usefulness. For them
there is a period of repentance allowed, but
for the members of the first class this report
allows none.
Permit me to say further that one of these
young men lias been found deficient in his
studies, and cannot go I'orwaid, so that he
would have been sent off regardless of this
affair, and if it had not taken place might
never have got back. The other two were
about, to lie court-martialed for offenses very
grave in their nature, according to the allega-
tions; and they resigned rather than be tried.
Now, I am glad these three are to be re-
turned to the Academy. I would not agree
that they should he dismissed. I want to have
them put back, in order that they may have a
chance to retrieve their character. But I call
upon the House to observe that if we adopt
the second resolution reported by the commit-
tee there will be 110 chance for the first class
to retrieve their character except so far as in
the great hereafter they may be able to show
the injustice of our judgment.
Mr. LOGAN obtained the floor.
Mr. N1BLACIL I suggest to the gentleman
from Jllinoisthat we had better take our recess
before he begins his remarks.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 can finish before the recess
the lew remarks I have to make in reference
to this matter.
Mr. Speaker, I feel no disposition in my
heart to punish any one or to see any one pun-
ished for the mere gratification of having pun-
ishment indicted; hut I must say that i have
been very much surprised at the logic of the
learned and able lawyer from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler.] liis arguments arc sometimes
Btiange, and certainly I shall not. attempt to
account for their strangene.-s. His theory of
intention is not. borne out by the law, and he
a. lawyer of such eminence knows that fact.
Ho ehovr's the intention of those parties, and
says that the motive which was in their heart
was a good one. He arrives at the conclusion
that their motives were good because they
said «o, when they testified some weeks after
they had perpetrated the offense for which
they are now called to account. I put it to
any lawyer in this House if that is the way
in which to arrive at conclusions in reference
to the motives of a person wlio commits an
offense? My understanding of the law is this:
that the motive of a party is to be ascertained
by the circumstances surrounding the perpe-
tration of his offense. That is the law, and
the gentleman from Massachusetts knows it.
No man can ascribe motives to an offense by
fixing them up, arranging them, or putting
them forward in testimony, or in any other
way, after the offense has been perpetrated.
Therefore, we are not to take the motives as
they have been given to us by these young
men after the offense.
Now, I come to the point as to the mercy
which ought to be shown these young men. I
admit, Mr. Speaker, that it is well Tor all of
us to be merciful. It is well for us all to be
kind and generous. The quality of mercy, I
know, is not strained. Mercy is one of the
attributes of God Himself. It is that sacred
feeling which ought to be found in the hearts
of all men. it is that mercy, however, which
calls upon us to sympathize with the unfortu-
nate and the oppressed. It ought not to be
extended when it will inflict an injury and do
outrage and wrong upon ourselves, upon the
community, or upon the nation. It was never
designed that mercy should be extended in
any such manner. It is no mercy to permit
infringement of the right, disobedience of the
law, lack of discipline, immunity to outrage
and wrong. Justice must take its course, and
it is no mercy to interfere with it.
Now, let us examine this offense, and let us
examine it calmly and dispassionately. Let
us be controlled by the facts and governed by
an honest judgment. Let us not be influenced
as to who are the fathers and relatives of these
young men. One of these young men who is
mentioned as having taken a partin this trans-
action is a young man who was appointed by
myself. He is a relative of my family. His
people are my neighbors. His father was a
gallant soldier and served under me during the
war. Notwithstanding all this 1 have a duty
to perform, and that duty as an officer of this
country I shall perform. No personal or polit-
ical considerations shall influence hie in the
performance of my sworn duty. I will never
" bend the pregnant hinges of the knee where
thrift may follow fawning." I will do my duty,
though the heavens fall, and I should be
crushed beneath their weight.
What, then, is our duty? It is that we ex-
amme this question without reference to who
these young men are, and without reference
to their relatives, and simply for the purpose
of doing right to our country and doingjustice
to the West Point Military Academy. Only
by a faithful performance of our duty in this
regard will we do justice to ourselves. Let me
have the attention of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] for a moment, lie,
was ouce a general in the Army, and I believe
a good one. He performed his duty well. In
the performance of his duty in some parts of
the country where he exercised command, no
man, i.n my judgment, did it so well. What
was the sentiment of the gentleman of Massa-
chusetts when men committed high crimes and
offenses within his command? Did he forgive
them ? Was he merciful to those who defied
discipline and disobeyed the law? Far from it.
If necessary he hung culprits. That, then, was
the sentiment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, while in the Army, commanding a
corps d'armge. When his officers disobeyed
orders, when his officers conspired against
their brother officers, what was the sentiment
of that gentleman ? Did he stand before the
court and say: "Gentlemen of this court, I
appeal to you to extend mercy toward these
men." Is there anything of that kind upon
the record ? Not one word.
Mr. BUTLEli, of Massachusetts. Where
high crimes were committed by mature men,
damaging to the safety of the countiy and the
welfare of the Army, I have dealt with them
sternly, as I would now, or at any other time.
Mx*. LOGAN. I believe that; and all 1 ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts to do now
is to carry out the laws and not appeal to mem-
bers of Congress, grown-up men, for mercy.
Sir, what is the law in regard to this offense,
according to the regulations that govern West
Point, as they raa'y be found in this report?
It is that if cadets shall assemble together
and perpetrate the very offense which they
have perpetrated here, if they shall commit a
riot or anything of that kind, they shall be
dismissed from the Military Academy. That
is the law, which supports the report made here
by the Committee on Military Affairs. And
that being the law, the military law applicable
to the Military School, which is under military
discipline and strict military rule, we are in-
vited by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] to disregard the law and allow
our sympathies to run ahead of our judgment,
and to decide, in violation of law, in favor of
these men.
Now, I will put another case to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. This rule, as 1 have
remarked, is a rule governing the Military
Academy, and it is a rule which governs the
armies of the United States. When the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts and 1 were seiving
under the flag of our country and controlling
men, I ask him to tell me and to tell this House
if any officer haH driven from the Army a
brother officer under circumstances like these,
what would have been the fate of that man ?
1 ask him to tell me if such a man would not
have been dismissed in a moment? And now
let us go a little further. If an officer under
General Butler had gone at the deml hour of
night and assisted in diiving a brother ollicer
from the Army, and next morningin his official
morning report had reported him as a deserter,
what would my Iriend fiom Massachusetts
have done with that officer? And that is a
parallel case to this one. They took these
young boys from the Point at the dead hour
of night, and one of ihetn—appointed, 1 be-
lieve, by a Massachusetts man, although that
of course makes hitn no better and no worse;
i merely mention the fact, not for the purpose
of offending any one, hut to show his connec-
tion with others—went and upon the records
entered these boys asdeserters; and they stand
upon the records of the War Department now
as deserters. And that is no offense! That, is
no crime I It is a meie boyish act, pet formed
at school 1 An act that disgraces these cadets
by stigmatizing-them as deserters from their
post, as deserters from the military service,
the worst disgrace which can attach to a man
who has been in the service.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
BdtlerJ says ihat these bo\s have been guiliy
of the offense of lying. Thai no doubt is an
offense. And what shall we say to the men
who drove out these poor boys younger than
themselves, and then next morning enteied
upon the recotd that they had desetied the
night before, an entry which ieuiains in black
and white, and stands to-day a blot on the char-
acter of these youths in ihe presence of the
whole nation. And the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has no words to hurl against this
conduct on the part of the members of this
class for whom he prays the clemency of this
House—thesegentlemen that punish young boys
for lying, these gentlemen iliat drive young
boys away from the Academy for lying, and
then place against them the black record of
"desertion" that is to stand there as long as
time itself, at least as long as these records
shall last. And they committed no offense—
a mere school-boy trick 1 And thut is all there
