1850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
section provides that a sufficient appropriation
of money to carry this into effect is hereby
made out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The amendments reported by the committee
were read, as follows:
In line eleven of section onestrike out before " cit-
izens " the word "those," and after "citizens" the
words " of States lately in rebellion;" so that the
clause will read, "citizens who remained loyal
adherents," &c.
In line fourteen of same section strike out tho
words "for the use of the^rmy" and insert "in
States proclaimed as in insurrection against the
United States."
In line twenty-eis;ht of the samesection insert the
word " nature" before the word "amount."
In lines two and five, section four, insert the word
" quarterly" after the word " paid."
In line two of section five strike out after the word
"appropriation" the words " of money."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, this measure has received the careful
consideration of the Committee of Claims dur-
ing the present Congress. Different proposi-
tions have been submitted to the committee;
and the bill as now presented with the amend-
ments is the result of the examination which
the committee have given to the subject. In
the form now presented it receives the unani-
mous approval of the committee. Though
different members of the House might desire
to offer amendments, yet, after submitting the
measure to the different Departments of the
Government, we have come to the conclusion
that the bill is now as unobjectionable in its
form as it could be made if we should now
allow amendments to be offered in the House.
I am instructed, therefore, by the committee to
move the previous question upon the passage
of the bill. If I should yield to members for
amendments there would scarcely be any end
to such propositions, and I do not think the
bill would be improved. In its present form
it may not go far enough to suit some and it
may go too far t,o suit others, but we have
come to the conclusion that it is the best pos-
sible measure which can be passed at the pres-
ent time for the protection of the Government
and for the benefit, of the truly loyal citizens.
Mr. FINKIiLNBURG. 1 wish to inquire
of the gentleman whether the last section is
intended to appropriate money to pay these
claims, or merely to pay the expenses incurred
under this act.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. It
is merely to pay the expenses incurred under
the act.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Then the language
ought to be changed, for it may be differently
understood. I suggest an amendment, to in-
sert the words "to pay necessary and lawful
expenses incurred under this act."
Mr. WASHBUKN, of Massachusetts. The
language of the section is, "a sufficient appro-
priation to carry this act into effect," and
under the previous provisions of the bill noth-
ing can be done except the making of a report
to Congress. No payment of any claim can
be made till further action by Congress.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Wash
born] one question. I most heartily support
this bill, but*I should like to see the time ex-
tended ; I think two years is too short a time.
A period of three years should be allowed, to
give parties ample opportunity to prepare their
proofs. Will the gentleman consent to such an
amendment?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I will
say to the gentleman, in regard to this period
of two years, that the committee are not certain
that the work can be accomplished in two years
by the one board of three commissioners. We
thought it best to have the period fixed at two
years in the first instance, and after the com-
mission has sat and examined more or less the
cases brought before them, their judgment will
then be of value fo determine whether it is
better to extend the time or to appoint addi-
tional commissioners. Under those circum-
stances we have thought it best to limit the
time to two years. But the House will under-
stand, that when the commission once enters
on the work it will have to be gone through
with, unless Congress should determine other-
wise.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I hope the bill will pass.
Mr. BOLES. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Washborn,] if he has
amended line seven, section one, or whether
that stands as printed in the bill originally?
Mr. WASHBUKN, of Massachusetts. It
stands as originally printed.
Mr. BOLES. Then I desire to have an
opportunity of moving an amendment to that
portion of the bill. I desire to amend by
striking out after the word " commissioners"
the words "not residents of States lately in
rebellion." I object to that provision of the
bill, because it discriminates against southern
men. It seems to imply that the South 'can-
not be trusted. I believe that thie loyal men
in the South, from the knowledge they pos-
sess and from their circumstances, are as well
adapted for this work as any men who can be
sent there'from the North. If the President
sees proper to select men from other sections
of the country, we shall certainly have no
objection. But so long as that restriction is
in the bill, I hold it to be a reflection upon
the loyal people of the South.
Mr. WASHBUKN, of Massachusetts. I
may state to the gentleman that that clause
was inserted at the suggestion of some of the
best loyal men in the South, who desired that
this commission should be so constituted that
the greatest possible weight might be attached
to its decisions.
Mr. BOLES. We shall have no objection to
the selection of the commissioners from other
States, but we object to residents of the south-
ern States being specifically excluded.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say aword as
to this, I hope my friend from Arkansas [Mr.
Boles] will not press this point. I want the
record to show that we who represent those
southern claimants-desire the fullest investiga-
tion, and a fair and honest report, not liable
to be tainted by the slightest suspicion. And
so far from any reflection being cast on the
loyal men of the South, by-the insertion of this
proviso, I think its insertion affords the highest-
evidence of the fairness of the measure, and of
its being influenced by a desire to do simple
justice.
Mr. WASHBUKN, of Massachusetts. I must
call for a vote.
Mr. ROOTS. I hope the bill will pass. It
is impossible to secure a bill that will be satis-
factory to everybody. This bill is not entirely
satisfactory to myself, but I believe it is the
best that can be obtained, and I hope it will
pass.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House non-
concur in the amendments of the Senate to the
Army appropriation bill, and ask a conference
with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion'was agreed to.
ST. PAUL AND PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The House yesterday
passed, with an amendment in the form of a
substitute, a bill (S. No. 381) granting lands
to aid the construction of a railroad from the
western boundary of Minnesota, at the junc-
tion of the Sioux Wood river with the Red
River of the North, to the Winnipeg district
of British America. The-substance of the bill
being changed, a change in the title is rendered
necessary ; and the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Wilson,] "who had charge of the bill, asks
that the title be amended so as to read " An
act authorizing the St. Paul and Pacific rail-
road to change its line in consideration of a
relinquishment of land." If there be no objec-
tion, the title will be so amended.
There being no objection, the title was
amended accordingly.
judicial districts in illinois.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to ask unanimous
consent to report back an amendment, in the
nature of a substitute, to the bill (H. R. No.
2535) to divide the State of Illinois into three
judicial districts, and for other purposes.
Mr. HAWLEY. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to suspend the
rules and to put the bill on its passage.
Mr. HAWLEY. I hope that will not bo
done.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope it will be done.
It is all right.
Mr. HAWLEY. As oneof the Illinois dele-
gation, I object to the passage of this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that the substitute
alone be read.
The substitute was read.
Mr. HAWLEY. I desire to say, as one of
the Illinois delegation, that I am opposed to
the bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Twelveout of the four-
teen Representatives of the State of Illinois
are in favor of (he bill.
Mr. HAWLEY. No such thing. I hope
it will not pass.
The question being taken on suspending the
rules and passing the substitute reported by
tbe Committee on the Judiciary, there were—
ayes 74, noes 39; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. McGREWand
Mr. Bingham were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 100, noes 84.
Mr. HAWLEY called for the yeas and nays
and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, only fifteen mem-
bers voting therefor.
The yeas and nays were refused, only thir-
teen members voting therefor.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rnleswere suspended, and the bill as proposed
to be amended by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary was passed.
freedmen's bureau.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the following resolu-
tion from the Committee on Education and
Labor be adopted:
Revolved, That the policy pursued by the United
States toward four and a half millions of its people
suddenly enfranchised by the events of a great civil
war, in seeking to provide tor them education, to
render them independent and self-supporting, and
in extending to thein civil and political equality, is
a souicc ot just national pride; and that the Xlou-e
hereby acquits M.«jor General Oliver 0. Howard of
the ground less and causeless charges lately preferred
against him, and does hereby declare and record
its judgment that in successfully organizing and
administering with fidelity, integrity, and ability
the Freedmen's Bureau, which has contributed so
much to the accomplishment of the first two ot these
great ends, he is deserving of the gratitude of the
American people. ^
Mr. McNEELY. I would like to ask the
gentleman who makes this motion if he will
not ask unanimous consent of the House to
allow us to discuss this resolution. [Cries of
i-No!_" "No!"] This session of Congress is
near its close, and this matter has not been
called up. It ought to have been called up so
that it could be discussed. The House cannot
vote to acquit General Howard without invest-
igating the case.
