1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. TO WNSEND. Mr. Speaker, the House
will bear me witness that two weeks ago I made
an earnest endeavor to get this matter before
the House. I wanted then to have 'a full and
fair opportunity for its discussion. That day
had been fixed for the purpose, but by a mis-
understanding of the Clerk in making up the
record it was postponed in order to take up the
report in reference to the West Point investi-
gation, and the gentlemen on the opposite side
of the House who are so anxious to discuss this
question now voted to put my resolution aside
and take up the West Point matter. The time
of the session is too far gone to spend its pre-
cious minutes in any further discussion of this
case, especially as the report of the committee
and I lie evidence have been before theKepre-
yentauves of the people for nine months.
Mr. McNEELY. I have been in favor of
discussing it all the time, and I have always
voted in t hat way.
Mr. BE A. MAN. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was put on the motion to sus-
pend the rules j and there were—ayes 80,
noes 43.
Mr. PETERS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KANDALL. I call for a division of
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution cannot be
divided on a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. HAND ALL. That part of the reso-
lution which relates to the education of the
negroes I do not suppose anybody will object
to. That which indorses General Howard we
have a different opinion about.
The SPEAKEii. The resolution is not
divisible.
Mr. WOOD. I would ask the Chair if this
resolution is no! susceptible of division?
The SPEAKER.. It is not, on a motion to
suspend the rules. The right to divide a reso-
lution is given under the rules, and this is a
proposition to suspend the rules and pass the
resolution.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to say that I have no
objection to the first paragraph of the resolu-
tion. [Cries of '1 Order !'J ''Order!"]
Mr. McNEELY. I ask unanimous consent
to have the resolution of the minority of the
committee read.
Mr. PLAT!1. I object.
The question was taken on Mr. Towxrentd's
resolution ; and there were—yeas 134, nays 52,
not voting 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Aruolt, A^per. Atwood, Ay<*r, Banks. Uarry, Bea-
mim, Beatty, Benuett,Benton, Bingham, George M.
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buflinton, Buichard, liur-
dett. Roderick li. Butler, Cessna. Ohuichill, Wlliiarn
T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Giiuton L. Cobb, Co burn,
Conger, Cook, Cowies, Culiom. Darr.ili, Dawes. Weg-
ener, Dickey. Joseph Dixon, Nathan F.Dixoti, Dock-
cry, Duval, Ela, Farnsworth, Feriiss, Ferry, Fisher.
Garfield, Gillillan, Hale, Hamilton, Harris, liawley,
llcfliu. Hill, Hoar. Hoge. llolines, Hooper, ingersoll,
Jenckea, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Juhan, Kelley,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp. Lalliu, Lash, Lawrence,
Long, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard. McCarthy, Mc-
Crary, MeGrew, McKee, McKenzie, Mercur, E.iakim
H. Moore. William Muore. Morey, Mor phis, Daniel J.
Morrell, Negley,O'Neill, Packnrd, Halbert E. Paine,
Palmer, Peck, Peree, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland,
Pouieroy, Porter, Proper, Saniord, Sargent, Sawyer,
Shanks, Lionel A. Shehion, Porter Sheldon, John
A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Stokes, StouglUon, Strick-
land, Strong, Sypher, Taife, Tanner, TavSor, Till-
man, Townsend, Twichcll. Tyner, U.pson.Van Horn,
Van Wyek. Wallace, William B. Washburn, Weiker,
W Intel ey, Whitinore. W illard, Williams, John X. Wil-
son, Wiuans, and 'Witcher—131.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Barnum, Beck,
Biggs, Biid, Booker, JainesBrooks, Cleveland, Con-
ner, Corkor, Orebs, JL)ox, Duke, Fox, Getz, Griswold,
JLnght, flaldeman, llambleton. Hamili, Hawkins,
Holnuin, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Lewis,
Manning, Marshall, jjlayham, MeOonnick, McNeely,
Moigan, Morrissey, Mmvgren, Niblack, Price, Ran-
dall, Beeves, liice, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles,. Stone,
Strader, Swatm, Tumble, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Wells, Winchester. Wood, and Young—52.
NO IVO T1NG—Messrs. Archer,Bailev, Benjamin.
Bethune, Blair, B«des, Bo wen, Boyd, Burr, Benjamin
F. Butler, Cake. Calkin, Amasa Cobb, Cox, Dickin-
son, Donley, Dyer, Uldridgc, Finkelnburg, Fitch,
Gibson, Hay, Hays, Hotchkiss, Keteham, Knott,
Logan, Milnes, Jesse 11. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill,
Myers, Newsham, Crth, Packer, William W. Paine,
Potter, Rainey, Rogers, Roots, Schumnker, Scofield,
Sherrod. Shober, Slocum, Stevens, Sweeney, Voor-
hees, Ward. CadwaUder C. Washburn, Wheeler,
Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson, Wolf, and Wood-
ward—51.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the resolution
adopted.
Mr. PERCE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to have printed in the
Globe some remarks he had prepared on the
subject of the resolution just adopted. [See
Appendix.]
repeal of income tax.
Mr. HOOPJGR, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended, so that a bill for
the repeal of the income tax be now passed
by this House.
Mr. HOLMAN". On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 91, nays 117, not voting 32; as
follows:
YEAS — Messrs, Ambler, Ames, Archer, Arm-
strong, Axtell, Ayer, Banks, Barnum, Beck, Bennett,
Bethune, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Bowen, George M.
Brooks, James Brooks. Bulhnton, Calkin, Cessna,
Churchill, Cleveland, Cox, Darrall, Dawes, Nathau
F. Dixon, Fitch, Fox. Garfield,Getz, Gilfillan, Gris-
wold, Haight, 11 aldeman, Hamili. Harris, llill, Hoge,
Holmes, llooper, JeneKes,.Johnson,Kelley, Kellogg,
Keteham, Knapp, Laflin, Log:in,Long, Lynch,M.iy-
ham, McCarthy, McKenzie, William Moore, Morey,
Daniel J. Morrell,Mornssey, Myers, Negley, O'Neill,
Ortta, William W. Paine, Peters, Potter. Randall,
Reeves, Sant'ord, Sargent, Schumaker, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Slocum, Joseph S. .Smith, Worthington
C. Smith. Starkweather, Stevenson, Stiles, Stone,
Srrader, Strong, Swam, Taylor, Trimble, Twirhell,
Upson, Van Wyck, William B. Washburn, Wells,
Wheeler, Winans, Winchester, and Wood—01.
NAYS—Messrs, Adams, Allison, Arnell, Asper,
Aiwood, Parry, Beama.n, Be.itty, Benton, Blair,
Boles, Booker, Buckley, Burchard, Burdett, Rod-
erick R.Butler, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke,
AmasaCobb, Coburu, Conger, Conner, Cook.Cowles,
Crebs, Culiom, Degener, Joseph Dixon, Dockery,
Donley, Dox,Duke,Duval, JSJa, Farnsivorfch, Ferries,
Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Hale, Hamilton, Haw-
kins, liawley, Hay, Hays, Ileflin, Hoar, Holman,
Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Thooias L. Jones, Julian, Kel-
sey, Kerr, Lash, Lawrence, Lewis, Loughridge,
Manning, Marshall, Ma vnard, McCormick. McCrary,
MeGrew. McKee, McNeely, Mercur, liliakim H.
Moore, Jesse II. Moore, Morgan, Morphis, Samuel
P. Morrill, Mungen, Packard, Packer, Halbert E.
Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Phelps, Piatt, Poland,
Pouieroy, Porter, Price, Prosser. llainey, Rice,
Roots, Sawyer, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod,
Shober, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Stevens,
Stokes, Stoughton. Strickland, Taffe, Tanner, Till-
man, Townsend, Tyner, Van Auken. Van Trump,
Wallace, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Weiker, Whit-
more, Willnrd, Williams, John T. Wilson, Witcher,
Wolf, and Young—117.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bailey, Benjamin, Boyd,
Buck, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Clinton L.
Cobb, Corker, Dickey, Dickinson, Dyer. Eldridge,
Gibson, llambleton, Alexander 11. Jones, Judd,
Knott, Milnes, Newsham, Niblack, Rogers, Scofieid,
Sweeney, Sypher, Van Horn, Voorhees, Ward,
Whiteley, W Ukinson, EugeneM.Wilson, and Wood-
ward—32.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. HOOPEH, of Massachusetts. As so
large a majority of the House have by this vote
recorded their opposition to the repeal of the
income tax, I withdraw the notice I gave to
move to go into Committee of the Whole for
the consideration of the bill reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. JULTAN. I move that the rules be
suspended for the purpose of passing a bill to
prevent the further sale of the public lands of
the United States except as provided under
the preemption and homestead laws and the
lawb for disposing of town sites and mineral
lands.
The bill, which was read, provides that from
and after the passage of this act the further
sale of the public lands of the United States
which are fit for tillage shall cease, except as
provided for in the preemption and homestead
laws for the disposition of town sites and min-
eral lands ; provided that this act shall not be
so construed as to prevent the location of mil-
itary bounty-land warrauts, agricultural college
scrip, or other land scrip as authorised under
existing laws.
Mr. J UL1 AN\ I ask leave to make a state-
ment of one minute, in respect to this bill.
Mr. NEGL15Y. I object to debate.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 am watching for a bill
legalizing all the stealing Indian scrip. 1 did
not hear this bill read, and hope it does not do
that.
Mr. JULIAN. It does not.
Mr. JULIAN and Mr. HOLMAN called for
the yeas and nays on the motion to suspend
the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 109, nays 09, not voting 02; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Arnell,
Asper, Aycr, Barry, Beatty, Benton, Biggs, Bing-
ham, Bird, George M. Brooks. Butluiton, Burchard,
Benjamin F. Cutler, Roderick R. Butler, C.il-
kin, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland,
Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb. Cook, Orebs, Darrall,
Degener, Joseph Dixon, Duval, Ela, Finkelnburg,
Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Getz, Haight. llaldeman.
Hale, llambleton, Hamilton, Harris Hawlev, Hay,
Iletiin, Hill, Hoar, Hoge, llolman, liolme3, Hooper,
Johnson, Thomas L, Jones, Julian, Kellogg, Kerr,
Lawrence. Long, Lynch, Manning, Marshall, May-
ham, McCarthy, McCrary, McNeely, ELiakim II.
Moore, William Moore, Morgan,Samuel P. Morrill,
Morrissey, Mungen, J/albertE. Paine. William W.
Paine, Palmer, Piatt, Poland, Raincy, Reeves Rice,
Sargent, Schumaker, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Shober, Slocum, William J. Smith, Starkweather.
Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles, Strong, Swann, Taffe,
Taylor, Townsend, Trimble, Upson, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Van Wyck, Wallace. Weiker, Whit-
more, Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winans,
Winchester, Wolf, Wood, and Young—109.
NAYS — Messrs. AHison, Arm&rrong, Atwood,
Barnum, Beaman, Beck, Bennett. Bethune, Blair,
Booker, Buck, Buckley, Cessna, Churchill, Coburn,
Conger, Cowle?, Dockery, Donley, Dox. Duke, Fer-
riss. Ferry, GUfiltan, ii.imill, Hawkins, Hava, Hotch-
kibS. Jenckcs, Kelley, Kelsey. Knapp. Lallin, Lash,
Lewis, Logan, Maynard. McKenzie, Mercur, Mor-
phis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers. Nc&ley, O'Neill,
(Jrth, Packard, Packer, Peck. Phelps, Pouieroy, Por-
ter, Price, Prosser. Saniord, Sherrod, John A.Smith,
Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stokes,
Stone, Strickland, Tanner, Tillman, Twichell, Ty-
ner, William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Williams, aud
W i tch er—69.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Ames, Axtell, Bailey,
Banks, Benjamin, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, James
Brooks, Burdett, Burr, Cake, Conner, Corker, Cox,
Culiom, Dawes. Dickey, Dickinson, Nathan F.
Dixon, Dyer, L'ldridge, Farnsworlh, Fox, Gibson,
Griswold, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones, Judd,
Ketcham. Knott.Loughridge, McCormick. MeGrew,
McKee, Milnes, Jesse I£. Moore, Morey, Newsham,
Niblack, Perce, Peters, Potter, Randall, Rogers,
Roots, Sawyer. Scofield, Porter Sheldon,Stoughton,
Strader, Sweeney, Sypher, Van Horn, Voorhees,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wells Whiteley,
Wilkinson, Willard, and Woodward—(52.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the motion of Mr. Julian" was not agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsos,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
bad passed House bill of the following title,
with amendments, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested:
An act (H. II. No. 900) to provide for the
collection of debts due from southern railroad
corporations, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment; House bill of
the following title:
An act (H. 11. No. 2925) to amend an act
entitled ''An act to require the holding of
additional district and circuit courts of the
United States in the district of Indiana, and
for other purposes," approved June 80, 1870,
and for other purposes.
The message futther announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, con-
current resolution of the House relative to
printing the addresses pronounced in the two
Houses of Congress on the death of Hon.
John Covode.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, with amendments, concurrent
resolution of the House relative to printing
the annual report of the Commissioner of
Agriculture for 1870.
PAY OF HON. JOHN C. C0KN1CR.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin, I desire con-
sent to make an explanation. Upon coming
