1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
which the country desires to know in relation
to the republic of San Domingo before deciding
upon the policy of annexation. If I understand
it, it is no part of the policy of this Administra-
tion to annex this or any other territory with-
out the consent and the wishes of the people to
be annexed. The Senator who attacked the
resolutions at the other end of the Capitol may
head his speeches with "Naboth's vineyard,"
but it is unjust and unfair to charge the Ad-
ministration with seeking to annex this repub-
lic against the will of its own people. For one,
if I can understand the language of this resolu-
tion, I can find nothing in it tending or seeking
to annex this territory against the wishes of the
people.
I desire now to state the reason why I shall
vote against this amendment, though I should
not object to it if it were incorporated in the
resolution as it came from the Senate. I will
not be instrumental, for one, in sending a res-
olution like this back to the Senate to be
debated for four weeks, or six weeks, or to
the end of the session. We hear every little
while the familiar and sorrowful voice of our
distinguished friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] as he laments over the deplorable
position of the appropriation bills; but if we
send such a thing as this to the Senate again,
■what will be the fate of the gentleman's appro-
priation bills, or anything else, at the end of
the session, I know not. But I know this,
that last session we sent to the Senate a bill
which went through this House in twenty-four
hours, and the Senate occupied upon it four or
live weeks, while the whole country was yearn-
ing to have the question settled. I allude
to the legislation for the admission of the Rep-
resentatives of some of the southern States,
prior to the proclamation of the adoption of
the fifteenth amendment, which was unneces-
sarily delayed by the long debates in the Sen-
ate. All that time the gentlemen at the other
end of the Capitol who have opposed this reso-
lution paid no attention to the wishes of the
people to have that question settled. I con-
sider that this question, so far as this House
is concerned, should be settled now. I think
this amendment makes no earthly difference
with the sense of the resolution, and I shall
therefore vote for the resolution without the
amendment, which, in my judgment, is en-
tirely unnecessary, and will only delay the
passage of appropriation bills and the legis-
lation necessary for the welfare of the country.
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, as there is so
general a desire on the part of members to
participate in this discussion, I regret that the
House has not extended the time for debate
sufficiently long to accommodate all who felt
disposed to submit their views. I can assure
gentlemen on both sides that if it were in my
power their wishes in this respect should be
gratified.
Mr. Speaker, a casual observer looking from
the galleries upon the proceedings of this House
yesterday and to-day could hardly^ perceive
what there was in this simple resolution ot the
Senate to warrant the excited, and I had almost
said acrimonious discussion with reference to
its passage. There is nothing in the resolution
itself to justify this unusual excitement. Scan
its provisions, if you please, from its resolving
clause to its last sentence, even with the eye
of unfriendly criticism, and what do you dis-
cover in the resolution that should deter any
member of this House from giving to it his
cordial assent? If this remark is true in its
general application, it is much more so when
applied to the members on this side.
This resolution contains but the_simpie prop-
osition that the President of the United States,
in whom you and I have confidence; the Pres-
ident of the United States, in whom a large
majority of members of this House have 'con-
fidence; in short, the President of our choice,
shall appoint three commissioners to proceed
to the island of San Domingo and there acquire
certain information to belaid before the Amer- I
ican Congress and the American people ; that
upon the information thus acquired and thus
spread throughout the whole length and breadth
of this land the American people shall have
some reliable and trustworthy data from which
to arrive at correct conclusions upon the ques-
tion which must sooner or later demand their
attention.
And, Mr. Speaker, such is my confidence in
the President in reference to the men whom
he shall select for this important mission that
I can freely vote to place their appointment
in his hands, although I do not pretend to
know whom, if any, he may have selected. I
will add that I have equal confidence that the
facts which may be reported by said commis-
.sion, whether favorable or unfavorable to the
project of ultimate annexation, will be such
as can be received with the utmost credence
by our people; and, going still further, I
believe with equal confidence that when the
whole truth is known in reference to all the
questions involved in this inquiry it will be
favorable to the project, and that the Ameri-
can people, judging of the future by the past,
will approve of the annexation of Dominica to
our Government.
To my mind the only objectionable part of
the resolution is that which requires that three
of its citizens shall be called upon by the Gov-
ernment without any pecuniary compensation
to spend their time for weeks, and probably
months, in prosecuting this inquiry. _ I pre-
sume, however, that this clause was inserted
to obviate the objections of some caviler.
It is worthy of remark in this place that
not a single member on the other side of this
House who opposes its adoption has told us
that it is objectionable in any of its features.
Their opposition is confined to the^ acquisition
of this territory. The power whichwe pro-
pose to confer upon that commission is simply
a power of inquiry. They have no right, by
virtue of this resolution, and the President,
by virtue of this resolution, can confer upon
them no right to go beyond the simple duty
of inquiry.
Mr. MORGAN. If the gentleman will yield
to me, I should like to ask lii'm a question.
Mr. ORTH. I cannot. I trust to the kind-
ness of this House that I shall not be inter-
rupted in the very brief time which remains
to me.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman is wise.
Mr. ORTH. There is nothing, as I have
already stated, in this resolution that commits
this Government to the adoption or rejection
of the report.
I know that sophistry may create doubts and
suspicions as to the grant of power; but a fair
and candid interpretation of the language of
the resolution, by any known standard of in-
terpretation, will not accord to this commis-
sion any other than the mere right of inquiry
and a report as to the facts ascertained by such
inquiry. If I were to occupy a seat in the next
Congress my vote to-day in favor of this reso-
lution would not bind me to vote in favor of
sustaining the conclusions of the commission
unless such should be my judgment at that
time. This Congress cannot by any act bind
its successor, and I submit that in all candor
there is nothing in this resolution which jus-
tifies any inference that such is its scope or
the intention of those who, with me, favor its
passage.
This brings me, Mr. Speaker, to a consider-
ation of the amendment offered by my col-
league on the committee from Ohio, [Mr.
Ambler.] And here let me disabuse the mind
of the House of an impression that seems to
prevail among some members. An impres-
sion is entertained by some that this amend-
ment had met with the approval of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. Such, Mr. Speaker,
is not the fact. As I announced yesterday—
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ambler]
will bear me out in it—this matter was not
brought before us for our consideration in
our committee-room. It was only after the
adjournment of the committee, and a few
moments before I obtained the floor, that the
members of the committee sent me a written
request that I should yield to the gentleman
from Ohio to offer this amendment.
Mr. AMBLER. I said yesterday that I be-
lieved the amendment had the assent of every
member of the committee now in the city. I
did so understand. I did not understand the
gentleman from Indiana as objecting to it.
Mr. ORTH. I allowed the amendment to
be offered on the written request of my col-
leagues on the committee. I confess to you
here, Mr. Speaker, that my first impression, a
hasty impression I grant you, was that I could
see no special objection to the amendment.
Upon reflection I see plainly that the adoption
of that amendment can. be followed by mis-
chief, and mischief only. Does any man pre-
tend that this resolution of the Senate commits
you or me to annexation? Why, not at all, not
at all. This Congress cannot bind itself, much
less can it bind its successor. This is simply,
at the very utmost, a legislative act, and to say
that by its adoption we can, either directly or
indirectly, expressly or by implication, commit
ourselves to the annexation of this island, is an
inference drawn without justification from the
language of the Senate resolution.
I will for a moment call the attention of
members of this House to its language. It is
as follows :
Provided, That nothing in this resolution con-
tained shall be held—
By whom?
or construed—
By whom?
as committing Congress to tho policy of the annex-
ation of the territory of the republic of Dominica.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
answers, "the people." The people, as he
and 1 know, have the intelligence ana inde-
pendence to act for themselves. We cannot
commit them; they can instruct us. The
amendment will accomplish nothing except to
send the resolution back to the other end of
the Capitol, there to be used as a bone of,
contention, there to be the cause of another
acrimonious and bitter discussion. No true
friend—and I hope the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] will not talk about "the lash"
till I have completed the sentence—I say, in all
kindness to my Republican associates here, no
friend to the union and harmony of that great
party in whose hands the American people
have placed their interests and destinies can
desire to reopen that exciting discussion. I
say in all sober seriousness that nothing can be
accomplished by the adoption of the amend-
ment. Its adoption will look like a mere wan-
ton attempt to renew a controversy which we
ought not to go out of our way to seek. Why
cannot those of us on this side of the Chamber
imitate, in this respect, the example of unan-
imity set us by our political opponents? I
admire independence of thought and action,
but when such independence brings nothing
but trouble in its train my admiration for it
ceases.
But again, the adoption of this resolution
pure and simple is due to the President of the
United States. I know that what I may say
on that subject will fall unheeded and upon
unwilling ears upon the other side of the
House. It is due to the President who has
been most unjustly assailed with regard to his
connection with this question; assailed by
political enemies and to some extent, I regret
to say, by political friends. He has been
charged with having used his high position
in a manner inimical to the interests of this
Government. He has been charged WJth
favoring those who, it is alleged, have acted
corruptly, and, with the knowledge ot this
charge, there is a most strenuous opposition
