1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1241
gress appropriated §1,000 from the patent fund
for lliis purpose; and with it a few new plants
were introduced, and about thirty thousand
packages of seed distributed.
These suggestions of the Commissioner in-
duced Congress to make small annual appro-
priations for several .years, and led to the adop-
tion of schedules for the collection of statistics
in agriculture, which were used for the first
time in the census of 1840, and have been car-
ried out more fully at each census since with
increased satisfaction. The Department was
organized by act of Congress May 15, 1862.
Its purpose was stated in the law to be '• for
acquiring and diffusing among the people
of the United States useful information on
subjects connected with agriculture in the
most general and comprehensive sense of that
word, and to procure, propagate, and distribute
among the people new and valuable seeds <.nd
plants."
In order fully to understand and appreciate
the importance of the Department, and its
practical and beneficial workings, allow me to
call attention to its present organization, and
describe the scope and purpose of each of its
divisions. From this some correct idea can be
formed of the great ad vantages the country will
derive from its fostering care by legislation of
the General Government. As now organized,
it comprises several divisions:
1. DIVISION OP STATISTICS.
This is the office of publication, whence are
issued the annual reports of the Department
of nearly a quarter of a million copies and a
monthly report of twenty-five thousand copies,
embracing official data from thousands of cor-
respondents located in nearly every county in
the Union, regarding the modes of cultivation
and prospects of crops. These reports, annual
as well as monthly, are the most popular and |
most desired of any of the public documents
printed by the Government. They are sought
for and distributed by the foreign legations
resident in this country to all the European
Governments. A much larger number of the
annual report should be printed for circulation
among our people, as now half the demand for
them cannot be supplied by members of Con-
gress or the Department.
2. DIVISION OP AGRICULTURAL CHEMISTRY.
1. This division affords a medium of corre-
spondence and information between the vari-
ous agricultural societies and farmers; answer-
ing queries on samplgfcforwarded, as ores, min-
erals, waters; making chemical examinations
•of natural products and fertilizers, as maris,
peats, &c.. and giving advice upon the same.
Many hundreds of letters are answered every
year on these subjects.
2. It is a means through which any new
vegetable products, valuable through their
chemical constitution, may be examined and
brought before public notice as,worthy of
growth in the States.
8. It is a means whereby large and useful
manufactures not existing in this country may
be brought under the notice of farmers. In
this way the growth of the beet for sugar has
been recommended, and is becoming adopted.
Comparatively few experiments in its growth
had been tried before the Department entered
on the consideration of the subject.
4. By its means chemical examinations of
the value and composition of vegetable pro-
ducts grown for food in the United States may
be conducted on that scale which, embracing
the area of the whole country, will lead to more
valuable and truthful results than those under-
taken by a single State or institution not pos-
Bes.-ing the extensive communication and cor-
respondence which the Department has. Ot
this nature is the determination of the nutri-
tive value of cereals grown in the several
States, which has just been commenced, and
which no doubt will yield valuable results.
3. DIVISION" OP BOTANY.
The purpose of this division is to give a sci-
entific basis, derived from an accurate knowl-
edge of the ascertained laws of vegetable
growth, on which alone any successful system
of progressive agriculture can be founded.
This is being accomplished in this division
by bringing together as far as possible all the
varied forms of plants, either in a living state
or in the preserved form of herbarium speci-
mens. These are so arranged that any par-
ticular plant or class of plants can be readily
found, and the relation to allied plants, whether
as to uses or capacity for cultivation, can
be ascertained with the least labor. By this
arrangement, in connection with works of ref-
erence giving full accounts of habit, mode of
growth, native location, geographical distribu-
tion, changes by cultivation, and uses either
for food, medicine, or in the arts, there will
be accumulated a fund of reliable information,
exceedingly valuable in directing experimental
culture or indicating sources of supplies of
desired materials in medicine or the arts. It
is intended by this division to secure the active
cooperation of all working botanists in this
country and abroad, by a proper system of
correspondence and exchange, and thus to
furnish valuable information ou the progress
of botanical research in its direct relation to
horticulture aud agriculture.
4. DIVISION OP NATURAL HISTORY.
The principal feature of this division is the
museum of natural history. This is an eco-
nomic collection, exhibiting the process of
manufacture of the raw products of agricul-
tural industry, in which the textile arts, the
making of sugars and dyes, and the utilization
and extension of the primitive products of the
earth are illustrated ; also illustrations of the
various transformations of insects, both favor-
able and inimical to vegetation. In this mu-
seum are models of the various fruits and
specimens of grain, &e., of this country. They
are intended to represent type specimens of
such varieties, and to show which kinds are
particularly adapted to any particular region,
climate, or soil. It is intended to represent
each State by sections of cases, containing the
different varieties of fruits, grains, &c., that
have been recommended by State boards of
agriculture as especially adapted for culture
in their particular States, thus saving years of
labor and probable loss to the new settler by
exhibiting at one view those varieties which
have been experimented upon and found to
•succeed the best. Duplicate collections can
thus be obtained by each State desiring the
specimens for agricultural colleges or State
cabinets.
In the collection of native birds the speci-
mens are labeled to show at a glance which
are the friends of the farmer by destroying
injurious insects, or which the enemies that
prey upon his crops. The plates of insects are
especially designed to .show such insects as are
destructive to vegetation, so thatthe farmer or
fruit-grower may recognize them at a glance.
Then, by referring to a manuscript work by
Professor Glover, the entomologist of the
Department, he can immediately learn all that
is known of their habits, and the best means
to exterminate them. All inquiries relative to
noxious insects of the farm made by agricul-
turists or others desiring such information
can be readily answered and the best known
remedies recommended.
In the cases devoted to the animal and vege-
table fibers they are shown in all their stages,
from the seed to the manufactured articles, or
from the raw material, as in the case of wool,
to the various fabrics made from it.
The collection of domestic poultry shows
type specimens of such as are recommended
as best for market, laying eggs, or for any par
ticular purpose. The design of the economic
collection of flours manufactured from cerials,
dye-stuffs, gums, oils, &c., is to show what can
be made from various native materials, or to
suggest the various products imported from
abroad that should be grown in this country.
5. DIVISION OF HORTICULTURE.
This consists of an experimental garden
with the aiboretum. and is devoted to the intro-
duction of new and valuable and promising
plants, shrubs, and trees, native and foreign
suitable to the various sections of the Union.
What is known as the Botanical Garden has no
connection with this division or the Depart-
ment.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what has the Depart-
ment accomplished? Since the claims of agri-
culture have been recognized and fostered by
Government the excellence and variety of its
machinery and implements have surpassed
those of all other nations.
In 1847 the number of agricultural patents
granted was but47; in 1863 it had increased
to 390; in 18G  to 642; in 1866 to 1,778; and
for each of the last two years it has reached
nearly 2,000. These improvements are rapidly
revolutionizing the agriculture of the West,
and reducing to the lowest point ever attained
the proportion of manual labor employed in
tiie operations of farming, saving at least fifty
per cent, of the manual labor required in agri-
cultural. pursuits.
Under its present able head the Department
has distributed the last year nearly six hun-
dred thousand packages of seed, including up-
ward of thirty thousand sacks of winter wheat
imported by the Commissioner, besides new
varieties of oats and other cereals, which have
been sent into every congressional district in
the Union ; thus affording at once a more
general diffusion of new and valuable kinds
of grain than would or could be ddtie by pri-
vate enterprise in many years. As the result
of this distribution of seed by the Department
from year to year there are now raised hun-
dreds of thousands of bushels of oats incom-
parably superior to the old variety, and in
many instances nearly doubling the crop.
And so of the increased quantity and supe-
rior quality of the wheat in many of the States,
The same might be said of several of our?
other products. This iucrease has contributed
millions to the wealth of the country and alone
establishes the utility and great benefits result-
ing from this Department.
It is said that he who makes two blades of
grass grow where one did before is a public
benefactor. This Department has done this,
and more, in many varieties of agricultural
products. It has established relations with
organized associations for agricultural im-
provements, whether governmental or other-
wise, making exchanges of seeds, plants, and
publications. Through an extended corre-
spondence with foreign societies and our con-
suls abroad it is searching the world for new
and valuable plants to acclimatize, new varie-
ties of cereals to test, and, when found valu-
able, to distribute, thus finding and introduc-
ing into our agriculture the valuable products
of all countries suitable and profitable for our
cultivation.
Agriculture is the great civilizer of the world.
Its improvements and advancements mark
national as well as individual progress. What-
ever willadd to its success, furnish it with val-
uable inventions aud discoveries, are so many
steps toward accomplishing the highest, forms
of civilization and human happiness. In this
country, with its broad and fertile acres, the
cultivator of the soil is generally its owner.
So large a .proportion of our population being
engaged in this pursuit, it must soon be a
leading occupation. The great extent of our
country aud its capabilities make it necessary
that there shall always be a great diversity of
agricultural labor. To give direction to this
diversified agriculture is one great purpose of
the Department, and it will be able to lead tho
way in processes of culture, as well as selec-
tion of produ cts and their varieties, in the dif-
ferent localities, aud thus enabling farmers to
give attention to that culture which promises
and secures the best results and rewinds.
Another thing. Agricultural colleges, under
