m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
to the creation of this commission, ■which will
have the power to give to us all the facts
embracediii this question.
No one worthy of the least consideration
has charged, and no one will for a moment
believe that the President's action in this
matter is otherwise than conscientious, pure,
and honorable..
His character needs no defense at my hands.
He is loved and honored by his countrymen
and his character securely imbedded in the
affections of the American people, and the
assaults of envy, malice, or detraction fall
barmless at his feet.
Standing high in the roll of eminent Amer-
icans, his name and his fame belong to his
countrymen ; they regard both as a precious
heritage to be transmitted to their children.
The cry of "job," "job," equal in character
to the cry of " stop thief," has been raised by
a reckless press and more reckless politicians.
Others, again, merely stand by, shrug their
shoulders, and, affecting looks of wisdom,
intimate that ''something is wrong."
If there be any foundation for suspecting
the existence of a "job" or a "ring" in
tliis question of annexation, that is an ad-
ditional reason why this resolution should pass,
and an opportunity given for the most search-
ing investigation by a commission of gentlemen
whose characters shall be a sufficient guarantee
for the correctness of the results at which they
may arrive.
Sir, I have no respect for croakers or grum-
blers, much less for those who indulge in unjust
and unnatural suspicions, and 1 have no feel-
ing but that of contempt for those who can find
no better mode of assailing a public measure
than the cry of fraud and corruption; and my
experience is that those who indulge in such
"arguments" are constantly regretting that
they are not in some official position that would
enable them to be "corrupted."
I enter upon no argument in reference to the
question of annexation. That is not now be-
fore the House ; but, speakingfor myself alone,
I have no hesitation in saying that the annex-
ation of Dominica would be most wise and
proper, and the day is not far distant when it
will bean accomplished fact; and when accom-
plished none will be found to indulge in any re-
grets, but, on the contrary rejoice at the result.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. OUTH. 1 have but a few minutes, and
I hope my friend will not interrupt me. I
seldom, if ever, invoke the spirit of political
organization in our deliberations; but on this
occasion, when it is known that the opposi-
tion members of this House have held their
caucuses, and by them determined their action
on this measure, it may be proper for me to
suggest to my .Republican fiiends that slight
concessions and deference to opinions hon-
estly entertained may do much to insure union
and harmony, and that we o.ve it to ourselves
and the country to preserve that harmony, so
essential in retaining the control of our na-
tional affairs in the hands of those who have
labored, and labored so successfully, to pre-
serve the nation from destruction.
With these few remarks, thus hastily thrown
together, Mr. Speaker, I submit this question
to the action and decision of this House.
Mr. STOUGHTON obtained leave to have
printed in the Globe some remarks he had pre-
pared on this subject. [See Appendix.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would ask
the gentleman from Indiana [.Mr. OrthJ if I
have not his promise to yield to me to move
an amendment, that the members of this com-
mission shall be appointed by the Presiding
Officers of the two Houses of Congress?
Mr. OUTH. I said that I might do so "some
time this session of Congress."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Those are
not the words as reported. "I may be able
to do so some time during the session;" of
course meaning the day's session.
Mr. ORTH. "Some time during the ses-
sion." I now withdraw the motion to recom-
mit.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Ambler, to add to the third resolution the
following:
Provided, That nothing in these resolutions con-
tained shall bo held, understood, or construed as
committing Congress to ihe policy of annexing the
territory of said republic of Dominica,
Mr. COX. I call for the yeas and nays upon
agreeing to that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 76, not voting
50 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler. Archer, Asper,
Axtell.Barnum, Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Bird,
Booker, Boyd, George M. Brooks, James Brooks,
Burchnrd, Burr, Calkin, Ouburn, Conger, Conner,
Cook, Cox, Crebs, Dawes, Dickey, Dickinson, Dox,
Duke, Ela, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss. i'inkein-
burg, Pox, Garfield, Getz, Gibson, Griswold, Haight,
Haldetnai], Hale, llamill, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay,
Hoar, Holman, Hooper, Johnson, Judd, Julian,
Kelsey, Kerr, Lewis, Manning, Marshall, Mnyham,
McCormick. McCrary. Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell,
Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack, Palmer, Peters, Poui-
eroy, Potter, Randall,Reeves,Rice. Rogers, Sargent,
Schumaker, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sberrod,
Shober, Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stone, Strong.Swann, Swee-
ney, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend. Trimble. T.vner,
Upson, Van Auken. Van Trump, Voorhees, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Welker, Wells, Wheeler, Willard,
Williams, Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson. Win-
chester. Woll, and Wood—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Armstrong, Arnell, Atwood, Ayer,
Bailey, Batiks. Barry, Benjamin, Bennert, Bing-
ham. Eowen, Buck, BilHiiiton, Burdett, Benjamin
F. Butler, Roderick It. Butler, Churchill, William
T. Clark, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Degener,
Donley, Duval, Fisher, Fitoh, Gilfillan, Hamilton,
Harris, Heflin, Hoge, Jenckes, Alexander il. Jones.
Kclley, Kellogg, Ketcbam, ICnapp, Lallin, Luw-
rence, Luughridge, Majnard. McCarthy, McGrew,
MeKee, McKenzie, Atereur, Jesse H. Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Morphia, Myers, Negley.O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Paine, Peck, Perce, Piatt, Poland, Porter,
Prosser.-Rainey, Sawyer, Scofield, Porter Sheldon,
William J. Smith. Stevenson. Stokes, Stoughton,
Taylor, Twichell, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wallace,
Wliitmore, Wmnns, and Witcher—7(3.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Benton,
Blair, Boles, Buckley, Cake, Cessna, Sidney Clarke,
Cleveland, Covode, Cowles, Culloin, Darrall, Joseph
Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon, Dockeiy, Dyer, Ferry,
Hambleton, Hays, Hill. Holmes, Hotchkiss, Inger-
soll, Thomas L. Jones, Knott, Lash, Logan, Lynch,
McNeely, Millies, Eliakimll. Moore, Morey, Samuel
P. Morrill, Newsham, Packer, Phelps, Roots, San-
ford, Worthington C. Smith, Stiles, Strader, Strick-
land, Sypher, Taffe, Ward, William B. Washburn,
Wilkinson, and Woodward—50.
So the amendment was adopted.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BUCKLEY said: I am paired on this
question with Mr. Hambletox, of Maryland.
If present he would vote "ay," while I would
vote "no."
Mr. AMBLER, moved to reconsider the vote
by which his amendment had been adopted;
and also moved that the vote to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
ordered to a third reading, and read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. ORTH. On that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 123, nays 63, not voting
48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barrv,
lieaman, Benjamin, Bingham, Bowen, George M.
Conger, Cook, Cowles, Dawes, Degener, Dickey,
Donley, Duval, Farnsworth, Forriss, Fisher, Fitch,
Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale, Hamilton, Harris, Haw-
kins, Hawley, Hay, Heilin, Hoge, Hooper, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones. Judd. J ulia.n, Kelley,
Kellogg. Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin, Law-
rence, Loushridse, Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary,
MeGrew. McICee, McKenzie, Mercur, Jesse H.
Moore, William Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell,
Myers. Negley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Paine, Pal-
mer, Peck, Perce, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy,
Porter, Prosier, Ramey, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer.
Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Shel-
don, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strong, Tanner, Taylor.Tillman. Townsend. Twich-
ell, Tyuer, Upson, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wallace,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Whit-
more. Williams, John T. Wilson, Winans, Witcher,
and Wolf—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtsll, Barnum,
Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Bird, Booker, Boyd, James
Brooks, Burr, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox,
Duke, Eldridge, Finkelnburg, Fox, Getz, Gibson,
Griswold,Haight, llaldcman, ilainill. Hoar.Ilolman,
Johnson, Kerr, Lewis, Manning, Marshall, Mayiiam,
McCormick, Morgan, Morrissey, Alungen, Niblack,
Peters, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Rogers,
Schuuiaker, Sherrod, bhober, Slocum, Joseph S.
Smith, Stone, Svvann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van
Auken, Van Trump. Voorhees, Wells. Willard,
Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—G3.
NOT VOTING—Messrs, Ames, Bennett, Benton,
Blair, Boles, Buckley, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Sidney
Clarke, Cleveland, Covode, Cullom, Darrall, Joseph
Dixon, NathauF.Dixon.Dockery,Dyer, Ela.Ferry,
llambieton, Hays, Hill, Holmes, liotchkiss, Thomas
L. Jones, Knott, Lash, Logan, Lynch, McNeely,
Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, Morey, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Newsham, Packer, Sant'ord, Worthington C.
Smith, Stiles, Strader, Strickland, Sypher, Taffe,
Ward, William B. Washburn, Wilkinsou, and Wood-
ward—48.
So the joint resolution, as amended, was
passed.
During the call of the roll, the following
announcements were made:
Mr. CALKIN. On this question I am paired
with the gentleman frorrj Maine, Mr. Lyxoh.
If he were here he would vote "ay," and I
would vote "no."
Mr. ARCHER. My colleague, Mr. Hamble-
ton, is paired on this question with Mr. Buck-
ley, of Alabama. My colleague, if ho were
here, would vote "no."
Mr. PACKER. On this question I am
paired with my colleague, Mr. Stiles, who,
if he were here, would vote "no," while I
should vote in the affirmative.
The result of the vote was aunounced.as above
stated.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARGES AGAINST A MEMBER.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
lam about to do what I never have done before
in a long course of public life. I am about to
submit a question of privilege, and to ask some
action of this House upon the subject. I should
have done this prior to the holiday recess but
that I was too ill to enter into any discussion
of any sort; and I should have done it at an
earlier period since had I been able to obtain
the floor.
There were serious charges made against me
in the New York Commercial Advertiser, of
December 1, 1870, of which paper Hugh Hast-
ings, esq., is the responsible editor, and who
has himself acknowledged having made the
charges. These charges are as follows :
"James Brooks has been charged as ajobber and
corruptiouist, and lackedthecourage to defend him-
self." * " We invite Mr. Beooks
to give us a chance to prove it.
" We are one of his constituents, and by common
custom we are entitled to cull in que;-tion his official
a,cts. We repeat that Mr. James Bkooks, M. L'., is
notoriously a jobberand acorruptionist; that he has
amassed great wealth by his position in Congress;
that lie is known at Washington as one of the most
shameless instruments of tho lobby. And this we
stand by."
No more serious charge than this can be
made against any public man. To all other
species of charges whatever that have been
made against me during my long public life, I
have been utterly insensible ; but this is the
first time that I have ever been accused of
availing myself of my official position in Con-
gress or elsewhere to make money.
My character, sir, in that respect is dear to
me, dear to my family, dear to my children,
uear to all who are connected with me; and I
value it above all price. To a public man in
the position in which 1 am, on one of the most
conspicuous committees of Congress, which
