1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
nodo,ubthas expended thismoney, lam obliged
to vote against this resolution, in consequence
of the great growth of this evil, to which my
attention has been called since I left the ardu-
ous position which the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Paine] has so faithfully filled in this
Congress. Since then I have had my atten-
tion turned to it, and I am satisfied it is an evil
growing upon Congress to which, sooner or
later, they must apply a, remedy. That feeling
•was so impressed upon the minds of members
at the end of the last Congress, as they were
going out, that they were ready to pass a bill
to pay nobody anything. And under the en-
couragement of the sentiment of that Congress
I introduced a bill in the present Congress, but
it was too late and I could not get it through.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Will my
colleague [Mr. Paine] allow me to ask him a
question ?
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I will hear one
question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I want
to ask ray friend and colleague, [Mr. Paine,]
the chairman of the Committee of Elections,
if there are not several other cases of eon-
tested elections in this House where the parties
have the same right to have their expenses
refunded as has the one interested in this
case? And I would further ask, if we adopt
the principle of paying this one, should we
not adopt another resolution something like
this, which I ask my colleague to accept:
Andbe it further resolved, That in all cases of con-
test heretofore tlio members who liavo maintained
their rights to seats in this House, shall be entitled
to drawirom the Treasury the amount they can show
they have expended in their contest; and for that
purpose $1,000,000 is hereby appropriated.
Mr. ALLISON. I think that certainly ought
to go with the other.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. Of course I
cannot accept any such amendment. But the
same principle involved in this case would have
been involved in those cases, if the proposi-
tion had been made in time. It happens that
there are only two cases in the House which
occupy the position of the Texas case.
The House, I see, needs to be informed that
there has yet been 110 final report of the
committee in this Texas case. The committee
have not reported whether or notMr. Conner
is entitled to his seat. That report has yet to
be made by the committee. There are two
new cases from the State of Georgia still to
be determined. The principle which may be
established in this case will apply to those two
cases, and would have applied to others if the
question had been raised in time.
I now yield one minute to my colleague 011
the committee, the gentleman ■ from Maine,
[Mr. Hale.] I will afterward yield live min-
utes to the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Con-
ner,] who is interested in this case ; and then
I shall demand the previous question, and ask
for a vote.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, for myself, as a
member of the Committee of Elections, and
knowing that I represent upon this matter a
good portion of that committee, I protest here
against the payment of one dollar in this case.
There is no precedent for such payment except
those which have been referred to by the
chairman of the committee [Mr. Paine] and
explained by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes,] who has 110 pride iu going
back to those precedents.
It is the fact, as has been stated by the
gentleman from Wisconsin, that if the House
should grant extra pay in this case there are
twenty cases ol sitting members, which have
been before this House, and in which there
will be a like claim. In reference to a ques-
tion of this kind, one ease isasgood as another.
No one case is meritorious above others, for
the fact that a member is awarded a seat by a
vote of the House 011 a contest proves thqt he
has a good case and that he was justified in
the contest. If an extra allowance be made
in. this case it cannot be refused when the
House shall come to vote upon other cases
of the same character. I have already had
two or three such cases brought to my atten-
tion for presentation to the House. The adop-
tion of the resolution proposed in this case
w-ould be a precedent which we ought not in
the closing days of this Congress to set.
When a member comes here to take his seat
an incident of that fact is that his seat may be
contested. In coming here he takes upon
himself the liability of being subjected to such
a contest. It is his duty, if he has a good case,
to pursue the contest; and in my view (in
which, I repeat, the majority of the Committee
of Elections will, in my belief, sustain me) no
compensation in addition to the regular pay
and mileage should be allowed any member in
consequence of a contest for the seat. I hope,
therefore, this resolution will be voted doivn.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I now yield five
minutes to the gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
Conner ;] and when he has concluded I shall
demand the previous question.
Mr. CONNER. Mr. Speaker, in conse-
quence of the personalities that have been
thrown around this discussion. I feel some
delicacy in uttering one syllable upon this
subject, for I would have the House under-
stand from the outset that I ask nothing in the
way of favor, nothing which the law and the
facts of the case do not justify.
The peculiarities of the contest in my case
are unparalleled iu the history of all other
contests. There is one fact which the chair-
man of the committee [Mr. Paine, of Wiscon-
sin] has overlooked: notice of contest was not
served upon me till after my arrival in Wash-
ington, when I was two thousand miles from
my home, and long after the expiration of the
time allowed by law for the service of such
notice. I went into the contest under protest,
claiming at the time that if the contest should
be entertained it would be contrary to law, and
would, of course, impose upon me expenses
which might otherwise have been avoided.
Had that notice been served upon me at my
homo in Texas, I could in person have at-
tended to the examination of witnesses, avoid-
ing the expense of employing others to attend
to the business, the examination being con-
ducted at various points in the district, which
embraces forty-five thousand square miles. I
say to the House that the compensation pro-
vided in the resolution would barely pay the
witnesses, should they make the charges au-
thorized by law, saying nothing in regard to
the fees of attorneys, some of whom are yet
unpaid, not, however, through any indisposi-
tion on my part to compensate them promptly.
Another fact to be taken into consideration
as one of the equities of the case is that I was
clectcd for but a part of a term, and of course
have drawn pay only since my election ; and
should the House decline to reimburse mo I
will be out money in the transaction, for I
have expended more in defending my legal
rights than I have drawn in the mean time as
salary. I repeat again that I ask 110 favors,
for I am not the man to ask favors from any
quarter. I had felt that 1 had a just claim, one
demanded by every principle of equity and war-
ranted by existing law. The committee that
considered the claim is unanimous, and long
since agreed upon the resolution which my
friend from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] so kindly
consented to introduce this morning. Nobody
seems to question its justice, but many doubt
the expediency of establishing what is termed
an expensive precedent. I hope the House
will pardon me for at all referring to a matter
so purely personal.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
83, noes 83.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was rejected ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on t*he table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEBTS OF SOUTHERN 11AILUOAD COllPOBATIONS.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take from the Speaker's table the
amendment of the Senate to House bill No.
9!)6, to provide for the collection of debts due
from southern railroad corporations, and for
other purposes.
There was no objection.
The amendment of the Senate was in line
four, page 2, to insert after the word "States"
the words '"for the United States, and Attor-
ney General of the United States."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national military asylums.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, submitted a report upon the in-
vestigation ordered into the national military
asylums; which was ordered to be printed, and
recommitted.
legislative, etc , appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and submit the following conference
report.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of tho two Houses 011 the amendments to the
bill (11. K. No. 252-1) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive.andjudici.il exp uses of the
Uovernment for tile year ending June .->0, 1872, hav-
ing met, after full and free conference, have been
unable to agree.
II. L. DAWES.
C. C. WASilBORN.
WILLIAM IS. NIBLACK,
Malingers on, the part of the Ifouie,
FREDERICK A. SAWYER,
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
T. F. BAYAltD,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I wish to show
the difficulties the committee of conference
have encountered. The legislative, executive,
and judicial appropriation bill has not been
before the House for so long a time that pos-
sibly it may have passed out of the minds of
members. The Senate adopted one hundred
and three amendments to this bill. The most
of them the committee would have found no
difficulty in coming to an agreement on. The
amendments they found themselves unable to
agree on are- few in number, but important in
character. The committee oil the part of the
House have not, except as to one of them,
any instruction of the House; and therefore,
with the indulgence of the House, I desire to
call attention to the character of these amend-
ments, so that if they desire their committee
to acquiesce in them and yield to the amend-
ments adopted by the Senate they will do it
with a full understanding of the effect of those
amendments. The committee have felt that
they would have fa.iled properly to represent
the sentiment of this House if they had yielded
to these amendments.
The first is in reference to the salary of the
judges. The Senate, in addition to what the
House has done, namely, raised the salaries
of the judges of the Supreme Court $2,000
each, propose to raise the salaries of all the
judges of the United States courts and of the
judges of the United States court iu the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and of the judges of the
Court of Claims. The committee of confer-
ence on the part of the House considered them-
selves instructed by the discussion and vote in
the House when the original amendment was
adopted raising the salaries of the judges of the
Supreme Court. On an amendment similar to
that adopted by the Senate, after full and fair
discussion, and on an open, fair vote, a large
majority of the House of Representatives then
decided that they were unable at this time to
go further than raise the salaries of the judges
of the Supreme Court.
The next proposition of the Senate was to
