1871.
THE CONGEESSIOjSFAL G&OJB&
m
lias most power over its finances, no charge
can be of a more serious character, and there-
fore I ask an investigation concerning it. My
character is that respect is as dear to me as
chastity is to a woman, and therefore I am
the more anxious to have a most searching
inquiry, with the approval of the House of
Representatives.
1 should have resorted to a court of law in
the city of New fork, calling upon this per:
son to establish these facts; but if I had done
that in the city of New York, rather than
come here for investigation, it would have
been said that I lived in a Democratic city,
with Democratic judges, surrounded by Dem-
ocratic jurors, who would not do justice to
a Republican editor, and therefore I throw
myself upon the Republican majority of this
House, into the hands of a Republican Speaker,
to appoint a committee, demanding the most
earnest and searching inquiry in reference to
these charges, which I shall send to the desk
of the Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, asthese remarks which I make
and these charges will go upon the record,
it will be necessary for me to accompany the
record by some facts which shall establish the
value of these charges now and hereafter ; and
for this purpose I ask the reading by the Clerk
of the affidavit which I send to the Chair,
stating that the very person who inflicts these
libels on me confesses, under the solemnity of
an oath, that he is in the habit of libeling men
without any passion or cause whatever.
The Clerk read as follows:
Affidavit.
I was indicted by the grand jury at the Juno
term of general sessions for printing and publishing,
in the Albany Switch of June 10, 1843, an article
over the signature of " Saratoga." Knowing the said
article to be grossly libelous, and feeling that con-
viction must inevitably follow atrial, I appealed to
Mr. Henry I). Stone, the person upon whom the
libel referred to was made, to release rae from all
further legal proceedings, on condition that I would
make a free, full, and public retraction of the foul
charges made against his character in the article
above mentioned. Though Mr. Stone had every rea-
son that an unprovoked attack upon his character
and standing in society could give him to proceed
against me to the utmost extent of the law, and to
punish me to the extent of my deserts, yet he gen-
erously acceded to my request, and agreed to relin-
quish all further proceedings, provided I should do
him justice bv a public recantation and complete
retraction of the infamous sentiments of the article
for the printing and publishing which I was indicted.
I therefore cheerfully proceed to fulfill my engage-
ment, being anxious to do all that is in my power to
render x'eparation to Jlr. Stone for the intentional
wrongs which I ha ve purposely done him. And I do
now publicly state that the article which appeared
in the Switch of Juno 10,1843, was published by mo
lor tile sole and only purpose of injuring the char-
acter and business of Mr. Stono and disgracing him
before the public. It wasdone maliciously, a.nd lor
the very worst of purposes, and was designed to do
him that harm and work him that mischief, by means
of gross falsehoods and deliberate slanders, which
no man of his character need fear if naught but the
simple truth is published of him.
The charges therein brought against him by me
are utterly false, without a shadow of foundation in
truth, and totally inexcusable. I stand before the
public in the attitude of a self-condemned libelcr
of a man of whom X know no harm, and whoserepu-
lation stands ummpeached in a community where
lie bas long resided and is well known.
X confess that I have most, maliciously attempted
to do him an irreparable injury, and I teel that, m
this retraction ot every charge which I have made
against him, I render to him only that justice which
the outraged laws demand, though at the expense
of self-disgrace and pubUo hngUirti.^STISGg.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I have noth-
ing further to say except that I respectfully
ask the House that a special committee may
be appointed by the Speaker to investigate
these charges.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate the delicacy of the position of the gentle-
man from New York, and the high motive
which has actuated him. I certainly think,
however, that his position before the country
does not need the investigation of charges pre-
ierred by the man whose statement has been
just read. I make the suggestion for the con-
sideration of the House. Certainly it does
41st Cokg. 3d Sess.—No. 21?.
not become the House of Representatives of
the American Congress to investigate charges
made against one of its members by a man
who confesses deliberately, in writing, that
he is a liar, libeler, and malicious slanderer.
Charges from such a source cannot affect a
well-established character. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] has been be-
fore the country and in public life for & quar-
ter of a century. We all know his reputation
well. Can we be enlightened in regard to him
by this man Hastings? I would not, of course,
interpose any objection to the wish of the gen-
tleman himself, but I desire his attention to
the position which he will occupy, and which
the House of Representatives will occupy, in
the investigation of charges preferred by a
man who stands at our desk a self-confessed
slanderer. In my judgment, we are not called
upon to stoop so low as to notice these charges
further.
Mr. DAWES. I h'ave great pleasure in sec-
onding the suggestion of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees.] I really tbink that
it is hardly worth while for the gentleman from
New York to ask the consumption of any of
the valuable time of the House upon a charge
of that character. I do not believe any gen-
tleman who knows him will desire, to take any
fur ther notice of or dignify with an investigation
such a charge. And therefore I hope the gen-
tleman from New York will withdraw his sug-
gestion, or that, by a vote of the House, ho
may receive satisfactory testimony of the House
that we do not believe the matter deserves any
investigation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to men-
tion one thing which the House ought to think
of before it acts on the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Vookhees.] Itap-
pears to me not only that it is of some conse-
quence to every member of this House that we
should act in this matter so as to have a correct
precedent for, perhaps, future cases, but that
something also is due to honorable journal-
ism in this country, that there should be some
opportunity to decide between that which is
honorable and that which is every way dishon-
orable.
We have heard the two papers read at the
desk. I take it there is no gentleman in this
House who bas tbe least question in his mind
in this matter in regard to the gentleman from
New Yoik. I do notthink that the gentleman
needs any investigation, and if he concurs in
that view, I am willing to take it also. At the
same time, the matter is a broader one than
simply the question of tliis libel against the
gentleman from New York. It seems to me
that it involves the question of the relation of
this body to the newspaper press of the coun.
try. The custom which has grown up within
the last few years makes it almost necessary
that honorable journalism sliouldhaveachance
to vindicate itself, especially in its relations to
this House. I merely make this suggestion,
without putting it in the form of a motion.
Mr. DAWES. Honorable journalism occu-
pies a position of the highest importance. I do
not think it can be regulated or determined by
any action of this House. Before the great
tribunal of public opinion, and there alone, will
that journalism which is honorable be main-
tained and maintain itself, while that which
is dishonorable, like that which has brought the
charge against the gentleman from New York,
Me. Brooks,] will go down. Anything that
attempts to discriminate by the action of a
public body which journalism, whether honor-
able or dishonorable, is at liberty to criticise,
will only work n. greater mischief than it will
cure, it seems to me, therefore, that if the
House of Representatives does not deem that
there is anything in that charge worthy of in-
vestigation, it will have testified to the char-
acter of the gentleman from New York, and
at the same time to its opinion of what consti-
tutes honorable journalism, without any such
action on the pact of the- Ilouse, as dis?
criminate between different journals.
. Mr. BINGHAM. It seems to nje. that the
House owes it ,tp the gentleman fromNgw
York, upon the request, he has jiaade for an
investigation, to report in somg fprpu that will
be quite intelligible its opinion iu regard to
this matter. Jf the House is prepared, .from
its knowledge of the character of the honor-
able gentleman from New York, in view of
the facts which have been stated at the dpsk,
to pronounce any final decision, the House
ought to do it; but I beg leave to suggest to
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Yoorhees]
and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
D_awes] that when the gentleman from New
York makes his request of the House for a
committee they ought not to leave this matter
in the condition in which they have left it by
their remarks, devolving upon him the obli-
gation to determine, as the case now stands,
whether he will proceed in his request or with-
draw it. I would therefore respectfully sug-
gest to one or the other of those gentlejnen,
and especially to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, in view of what he has just suggested,
that he might substitute in lieu of the request
of the gentleman from New York some such
expression as that which was embodied in his
remarks, so that the House may give it its
direct approval. I would suggest, to the gen-
tleman that he should put such an expression
in the form of a motion.
Mi'. DAWES. In accordance with the sug-
gestion made by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] I am prepared to move, as
an expression of the sense of this House, that
there is nothing in the charge brought to the
notice of the House by the gentleman from
New York that in the opinion of the House
calls for investigation.
Mr. BANKS. That is worthy of investiga-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I accept the sugestion; that
is worthy of investigation.
The SPEAKER. Whatever is moved had
better be put into the form of a written reso-
lution, so that it may be specific and go upon
the Journals.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] cer-
tainly would not have the House say that there
is nothing in the charges that is worthy of
notice. It is the charges in connection with
the circumstances and the source from which
they proceed that are unworthy of notice. The
charges themselves are very grave.
Mr. ELDRlDGrE. I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts will put his resolution in
form, so that we can see what it is.
Mr. DAWES. I venture to suggest it in this
form:
lleeolved. That there is nothing, either in thechar-
actcr of the gentleman from New York, Mr. Brooks,
or in that of his accuser, to render the charges brought
to the attention of the Ilouse by the gentleman from
New York, iu the opinion of the House, worthy ot its
consideration, or that calls for investigation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to make a sugges-
tion very reluctantly, because it seems not to
be in harmony with the views of prominent
gentlemen of this House.. Every man must
more or less be the judge of those things which
affect his personal reputation. The gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] with his great
experience here in the Ilouse and elsewhere,
would not unadvisedly or inconsiderately bring
a matter of this kind before the House, as it
seems to me. He was perfectly aware of the
character of his accuser. I can imagine that
a gentleman of his high sense of self-respect
would desire that those facts which have been
thrown out and shadowed forth Ibis morning
should be put in a permanent form, based upon
evidence judicially obtained; aud unlets tne
gentleman himself shall prefer, and shall au-
thorize some of bis friends to express such
preference, that the case shall go off in tais
manner, I think, out of respect to one of the
