1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1855
commence the erection of the State Depart-
ment in this city. The building will ultimately
cost four or five million dollars ; but it is only
proposed to erect one wing of it at this time,
it is proposed to erect it in the locality now
occupied by the Army and Navy Departments,
and it was represented that the desire was to
erect a building corresponding in character to
the buildings at that point, and to those of the
Treasury Department on the other side of the
Executive Mansion. Unfortunately for the
sincerity of the anxiety to commence this work
at once, the committee in their deliberations
on both sides punctured the whole thing by
inserting a little paragraph that the building
should be erected of granite. The anxiety to
commence at once, and to conform to the char-
acter of the Treasury Department, seemed
■wonderfully affected during the night, when
by some untoward means it leaked out that the
committee were anxious to secure a corre-
spondence of this building to the Treasury
Department if it was entered upon.
However, I think the committees on both
sides would have been able to have agreed,
and notwithstanding the discussions of this
House a few days ago, showing the existence
of a good deal of feeling as to the erection of
new buildings, that the committee on the part
of the House would have consented to the
■commencement of the erection of this build-
ing, being we'll aware that the State Depart-
ment is in a lamentable condition, exposed to
the danger of fires, to the great risk of records
and archives of the most valuable character
which could never be reproduced, and the loss
of which would be irreparable to this Gov-
ernment.
But this was not all. Along with this was a
proposition to commence a splendid park in
this city, taking all the grounds from the Cap-
itol, through the Smithsonian Institution to the
President's House, which are now the prop-
erty of the Government, inclosing them in one
area and making asplendid park of it in time.
And there was an elegantdevice in this amend-
ment to relieve the people, not only from what
■was supposed to be the burden of the expend-
itures, but from all knowledge that would dis-
turb them of the actual cost of it, by the prop
osition to dispose of a portion of the public
jnoperty in another square in another part of
the city, and to devote its proceeds to the con-
struction of this park, and then to clothe two
committees, one of this House and one of the
other branch, with power to sell, without con-
feiring with anybody, ten other lots of land
belonging to the Government, wherever they
might choose to select them, if in their opin-
ion the interests of the Government did not
require their present use. That is another of
these propositions.
The third of these propositions is to pur-
chase two blocks, one upon the left, the other
upon the right of tile Capitol grounds, so as to
make the line continuous and straight, at an
expense of which every member of this House
can iorm a proper and just estimate as well as
any one else. But there was an estimate for
putting a similar measure to this through Con-
gress at its last session, amounting to the mod-
est. sum of a little over five hundred thousand
' dollars. And it is provided that unless the
parties consent to take the sum appraised, then
the Government is bound to proceed to con-
demn the property, and to pay for it whatever
a jury sh:ill say. It is the opinion of most of
the members of the conference committee on
the part of the House that the Government
would not get oft under this proposition for an
amount short of $1,000,000.
The next proposition is to raise the salaries
of all the Assistant Secretaries, of the Second
Comptroller, of the Register, of all the Audit-
ors, of <he Commissioner of Customs, of the
supervising architect of the Treasury Depart-
ment, of all the Assistant Postmasters General,
of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, of the Commissioner of Pensions, of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, of the
Commissioner of Agriculture, to $4,000. Now,
as regards that proposition, while the House
in the course of 'discussion at various times
has indicated a desire to raise the salaries of
these officers, and admitted the justice of the
complaint which they made of an inadequacy
of compensation, the committee on the part
of the House understood themselves to be
instructed by the common sentiment of the
House that to entertain at this time the prop-
osition for such a wholesale elevation of the
salaries of.heads of bureaus was to run counter
not only to the resolution of economy under
which this House has acted from the begin-
ning, but to the common sentiment of the peo-
ple, which holds us to a rigid economy in the
expenditures of the Government, and which
wiii hold us to a rigid account for a departure
from that system of compensation which has
existed through the high prices and large
expenditures of the war and the inflation of
the currency. We felt that the country would
require of us an explanation of why, when gold
and currency are approximating a common
level, we should now, when wecannot feel our-
selves justified in repealing even the income
tax, if we would defray the expenses of the
Government, elevate at one bound up to $4,000
the compensation of men who have found it
their interest" to take office at times when the
expenses of living were greater than they are
now.
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, accepting the posi-
tion of conferees, which means the position of
concession, and willing to yield at every point
possible and consistent with a proper repre-
sentation of what they understood to be the
common sentiment of the House, the com-
mittee have spent much time in endeavoring
to fini some common ground that they could
stand upon on these amendments, and they
have yielded largely in that effort. They have
felt that they have yielded to such an extent
that a full explanation would be demandedat
their hands by this House before the House
would accept their report, and in those con-
cessions they have failed'to find the conferees
on the pare of the Senate agreeing with them.
They therefore come back and report to the
House the condition of things, and submit to
the House the question whether they desire
whoever shall be appointed upon another com-
mittee of conference upon this bill to yield to
these amendments, or in regard to which of
them it desires them to yield.
For myself, sir, in the present condition of
the country, in the present condition of public
sentiment, I for one am unwilling to enter into
these plans for the enlargement of the Capitol
grounds at this time. For one, I am unwilling
togofurtherin raisingthe salaries of the judges
of the United States courts than we went here
in this House, namely, raising those of the
judges of the Supreme Court to $8,000.
I am willing, under all the necessities of the
Government, to commence at this time the
erection of one wing of a State Department,
but I am desirous that it shall be fixed upon
paper, that it shall be in conformity with and
corresponding to the Treasury Department,
that no fancy work of parti-colored stone or
anything of that sort shall be put in a public
building here in this city which is to stand by
the Piesident's Mansion and the magnificent
pile of granite on the other side, which are to
stand there for all time to come, to belittle any
other kind of structure, such as I fear will be
erected unless the character of the building be
fixed in the bill/itself.
As to the salaries of the heads of divisions,
I do feel tliat some of them ought to be raised,
that as to some of them there is in an adequacy
of compensation ; but to take them all up in
our arms and elevate them without regard to
their duties or their rank or their responsi-
bility, in the desire to raise the salaries of the
deserving ones, is a mode of legislation into
which, unless instructed by the House, I do
not propose to launch at this time. I now call
for a vote.
The report of the committee of conference
was then accepted.
Mr. DAWES. I move that another confer-
ence? be granted.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to ask my colleague
if it is not possible in the committee of con-
ference upon this subject to provide some means
for securing the safety of the valuable papers
in the State Department? The papers of the
State Department, the historical records, have
cost the Government between two and three
hundred thousand dollars. They are invalu-
able; they can never be replaced. It is cer-
tainly perfectly easy to secure their safety by
some small appropriation or some order that
the two Houses may give. I .will say this
much, that the people of thiscountry will never
forgive the members of the two Houses if they
allow these records to be destroyed, as they
are now in danger of being destroyed, for the
want of some protection.
Mr. DAWES: I agree to every word that
my colleague has said ; but I do not under-
stand how, in a committee of conference, we
can provide for their immediate safety. That,
it seems to me, is within the general power of
those who have charge of these great, massive
buildings. If it be possible to provide for the
immediate safety of these important papers,
no man will go further, I assure my colleague,
than I will to secure that end
Mr. BANKS. I hope the House will allow
me to say that this proposition of the Senate
to build a State Department is made for the
reason that these papers should be preserved
from fire, and that they are now ingreatdanger.
That certainly gives to the committee of con-
ference the right to make a different provision
for the safety of those papers, a provision dif-
ferent from that of building a State Depart-
ment. They have the entire control of that
question if they choose to assume it, and I hope
the House will give them instructions to do so.
Mr. DAWES. The difficulty we encounter
is the absolute necessity of having these rec-
ords where the Secretary of State himself can
have access to them.
Mr. BANKS. Provide, then, for a safe in
the building itself; provide some security
against fire in the building itself, for the pres-
ervation of these valuable records.
Mr. DAWES. It was because I knew that
the present building is a tinder box that I
propose to yield to the Senate to the extent of
commencing the erection of a State Depart-
ment, provided it can be properly executed.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the House will at least
make the proffer to the Senate for some ade-
quate means for the preservation of these
papers. Let us shift from ourselves the re-
sponsibility of the loss of these papers and
documents, if they are in danger of being lost
or destroyed. Gentlemen ask me why watch-
men cannot be provided. Watchmen are no
security against fire.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The commencement
of a new public building is no security against
fire. We have had enough experience to know
that the commencement of a new Department
building will probably end in. about five years
with the construction of a building. Then,
what is to be done with the papers in the mean
time ?
Mr. BANKS. Give us a fire-safe.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. Are we to provide,
in the various appropriation bills that pass
Congress, for all these important wants of the
Government? Why has not some gentleman
thought of introducing a bill to provide for the
erection of a proper building, and not wait
for the eve of the session, and allow this mat-
ter to originate in theSenaie in an amendment
to an appropriation bill ?
I understand that this is a proposition to
build'a new departmental building here. Why ?
All at once there is great consternation raised
in this country lest some papers should be
