1244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
continued,.guarantied? If it cannot be done
wiiliout common schools, then the power to
guaranty carries with it the right to employ
the necessary means not provided by any State
to accomplish the end. This is clear. The
Constitution itself, in article one, section eight,
gives Congress power to—
"Makeall laws" * * * * "necessary
and proper for carrying into execution " * *
* * "al! powers vested by the Constitution"
.* * * * "in the Government."-
Here, then, is ample power to do whatever
a State may neglect to do, and which is neces-
sary to continue, preserve, guaranty, a repub-
lican form of government. In commenting
on .this clause of the Constitution a recent
work on the Constitution says:
"Every State must have a republican govern-
ment: and if at any time a State is destitute of
one the General Government is bound to provide
it."—Iftirrar's Manual, sec. 215.
And Farrar says the theory of such govern-
ment is that it is " the government of public
opinion."
Now, there never has been a Government
of an enduring character founded on public
opinion unless the people were enlightened.
George Washington repeatedly favored -'the
endowment of a university to be established
within the limits of the District of Columbia,
under the auspices of the General Govern-
ment." (11 Writings of Washington, 3, 14,
20.) And in his speech to Congress of De-
cember 7, 179G, he '"proposed to the consid-
eration of Congress the expediency of estab-
lishing a national university." (12 Writings,
71.322 ) *
These valuable suggestions originated with
Hamilton, who regarded "science and knowl-
edge as an object primarily interesting to our
national welfare," and as productive of gen-
eral advantage." (7 Hamilton's Works, 612.)
Ail history admonishes us that we must have
a republican government resting on common
schools to maintain an enlightened public opin-
*ion, or without these find erected on its ruins
the empire of aristocracy or of military des-
potism. And as the General Government is
bound to provide a republican government in
each State, it may provide the means of main-
taining it. The whole question at issue, then,
resolves itself into one of fact: can a repub-
lican form of government be preserved among
the people of a State which omits to make
provision by law for common schools? This
may be answered by the opinions of those
competent to judge, by deductions from known
facts and from the lessons of history.
I will not quote opinions; for that has been
sufficiently done in the discussions of this
House. I will, however, cite one only.
Mr. McCauley said in the British Parliament:
"I hold that it is the rightand duty of the Statcto
provide tor the education ot' the common people. I
conceive the arguments by which this position may
be proved are perfectly simple, perfectly obvious,
and the most cogent possible.'-' * * * *
"Take away education, and what are your means?
Military torce. prisons, solitary cell?, penal colonies,
gibbets, nil the other apparatus of penal laws. If,
then, there be an end to which government is bound
to attain ; if there are two ways only of attaining it:
if one ot these ways is by elevating the moral and
inteilecuiai character of the people, and it the other
way is by inflicting pain, who can doubt which w??y
every Government ought to take? It seems to me
that no proposition can be more strange than this:
that the State ought to have the power to punish
and is bound to punish its subjects for not knowing
their duiy. but at the same timo is to take no step to
let them know what their duty is."
1 will not nop to argue this question of
fact, for that has been already done. The
lessons of hiptoty we all know. The repub-
lics of Mexico and South America were all
modeled in lorm after ours; but a republic in
fact has not beet) continued, preserved, guar-
antied in any one of them. They are gov-
ernments of military force, terror, or fraud.
And tins is mainly attributable to the fact that
there is no general system of education, no
enlightened public judgment toguide and con-
trol these republics in name, these despotisms
in fact.
And now I proceed briefly to other topics.
The bill (H. It. No. 132S) now before the
House, as its title declares, proposes to " estab-
lish a system of national education" by pro-
viding for common schools, which shall secure
in each State an opportunity to all children
between six and eighteen years of age, " who
dwell where the population is sufficiently dense
to enable schools to be maintained," " to at-
tend school for at least six months in each
year." It is proposed that these schools shall
be supported by a direct tax apportioned
among the States, but that no State shall be
required to pay the tax or ba otherwise sub-
ject to the provisions of the bill which shall
by its laws "provide for all the children"
therein between six and eighteen years of age
"suitable instruction in reading, writing,
orthography, arithmetic, geography, and the
history of the United States."
In other words, the object of the bill is to
secure an adequate common-school system
under national authority in each State, and at
its expense, which by its own laws shall fail to
provide such system. To avoid all miscon-
struction of my purpose in the remarks I may
make, I now say that lam opposed to this bill,
but I believe its general purpose is right. I
am ready to vote for a bill in proper form to
accomplish the objects sought by this, and I
propose to offer a substitute for this, which, if
adopted, will, I believe, in a more practicable
mode secure the same general result.
This bill has been much misunderstood, and
therefore misrepresented as having the design
"to inaugurate a national system of educa-
tion." This I most emphatically deny. Its
design is to induce the States to perform for
themselves every duty relating to education.
I would not consent for one monent that
Congress should establish a national system,
of education. There is no necessity for it.
While the States are performing that duty any
attempt on the part of Congress to establish
common schools in the States would be alike
unconstitutional and inexpedient.
The Ohio National Teacher for February,
1871, in discussing the recent proceedings of
Congress making an appropriation for the
Bureau of Education, said:
"It is noteworthy that the chief objection urged
against the bureau was that its ulterior object is to
inaugurate a national system of education, a sys-
tem to be controlled by national authority. It is
surprising that this charge, made by several speak-
ers, was not met with a prompt and emphatic de-
nial, though Mr. Dawes was careful to show that
the appropriation was solely tor the collection and
distribution of information. This true function of
the bureau is definitely stated in the memorial of
the National Association, praying for its establish-
ment, and in theoriginal law. and the Commissioner
is now zealously doing this important work." *
* * k "The educators of the countrj* have
twice expressed the settled conviction that there
should be no national control of the school systems
in the several States, and it ought w be known that
tile friends of the bureau neither design nor desire
to make it the head of a national school system."
This I indorse to the fullest extent. I will
therefore briefly allude to the geneial subject
of common schools under national authority,
point out what I conceive to be some objec-
tions to this bill, and present some reasons in
favor of a substitute 1 will offer.
In some remarks which I had the privilege
of submitting to the House on the 28th of Jan-
uary, I very briefly endeavored to show that
there could be no doubt of the power of Con-
gress to establish an adequate system of com-
mon schools in any State which failed by its
laws to provide such schools. I do not wish
now to repeat or enlarge on the argument
then made. The power is clear beyond a.l
question.
In some of the States lately in rebellion
no adequate provision is made for common
schools. This has been sufficiently shown by
thegentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Prosser.]
in his very able speech of January 25, 1870,
and in the masterly speech of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [.Mr. Hoar,] to which we
all listened a lew days since. It is by no
means probable that adequate provision will
be made in some of these States for the edu-
cation of the colored youth. Appeals are now
being made in their behalf through the Freed-
men's Bureau for aid from Congress. If this
bill provided forcotnmon schools only in those
States so derelict in duty, and at their expense,
1 would vote for it. If it required the Com-
missioner of Education to report annually, as
a basis of action for Congress hereafter, what
States have failed or may fail adequately to
provide common schools, I would vote for it.
But the bill goes beyond all this. I will not
discuss generally its details but only present
some of the objections to it.
I object, then, first, that the fifth section of
the bill, providing a mode of acquiring title
to land for school-house sites other than by
contract, is of doubtful constitutionality and
is dangerous and inexpedient. In it I find
these provisions:
In case no suitable place can bo obtained [for
school-house sites] with the consent of the owner,
the division inspector [of schools] may appropriate
a tract for such purpose by filing a description of the
same, by metes and bounds, in the clerk's office of
the district court of the United States wherein the
same is situated, together with an estimate of tho
damages caused to any person by taking tho same,
which appropriation and estimate shall be first ap-
proved by the State superintendent, and shall then
be recorded by said clerk in a book to be kept for
that purpose. From the date of said filing, the title
of said tract of land shall vest in the United States.
Said division inspector shall cause notice to be given
of said appropriation and estimate to all persons
known to be interested in tbotractappropriated.and
shall also cause a copy of said notice to be posted
upon said tract within thirty days from the filing of
said appropriation and estimate, as aforesaid. Any
person interested in said estate, aggrieved by tbo
estimate of his damages, may apply by petition to
the district court wherein said land is situated, set-
ting forth a description of the land and the fact that
ho 18 so aggrieved; and the judge of said court shall
thereupon cause due notice to be given by the peti-
tioner to the State superintendent; and if it shall
appear to said court that thepetitioner is interested
in the land so taken, it shall appoint (hree disinter-
ested and discreet men to be commissioners to revise
the estimate of the damages occasioned to the peti-
tioner as aforesaid, tho report of whom, or the ma-
jority of whom.Yeturued intosaidcourtandaccepted
thereby, shall be final and conclusive between the
parties to the matter of said damages. The court
may, for good cause shown, set aside the report
of said commissioners, and recommit 'he matter to
them, or to new commissioners, at its discretion.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hoaii,] at my instance I suppose, has offered
an amendment in lieu of this provision de-
signed to secure a jury trial. In favor of the
jury trial, and in opposition to the original sec-
tion to which I have referred, I desire to say a
few words. Here is a provision, as it stands
in the bill, that the title of the owner of land
may be taken away "and that it shall be vested
in the United States by the mere act of  
ministerial officer having no judicial powers.
An appeal may be taken to a district court of
the United States on the question of assess-
ment of value of land taken, but on no other
fact, and that is to be decided by three commis-
sioners, whose award, approved by the court,
shall be final without any jury trial or any trial
according to the course of the common law.
No court or judicial officer is to pass on the
necessity or extent of the condemnation.
Under the Constitution this cannot be done.
In every civilized country the right of prop-
erty is held sacred. Neither under State or
national amhoiuy can the ownerof real estate
be divi-sted of his property simply by force of
a legislative act, nor by ordinary common law
judicial proceedings, unless a trial by a jury
of twelve is secured. The war power, 1 know,
is not bound to await the tardy action of " due
process of law," but nations make compensa-
tion for property taken from loyal citizens, cer-
tainly if not in insurrectionary "districts, though
they do not make compensation for damage*
inflicted by war. (2 Story, Const. 1790; 9
Georgia II., 341 ; Mitchell vx. Harmony, 13
Howard It., 115.) And this right of trial by
jury ought to be preserved where the power
ot eminent domain is exercised in time of
peace.
Even in France, where life and property are
