1856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
destroyed. They have been exposed to this
danger for years. I suppose the employment
of a few watchmen will be sufficient to secure
the property from destruction by fire. But
constantly great consternation is aroused lest
we lose the papers. Why is that ? I see no
reason for it, except in order that we may be
induced to begin the structure of a gigantic
tajilding to.cost from five to ten million dol-
lars, like the Treasury building. Sir, the
country is not in a condition to enter upon
the construction of a building of that sort, for
we do not need it.
Mr. MAYNARD. The President, in his
annual message, called our attention to this
matter.
Mr. LOGAN. In response to the suggestion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] 1 would say that I was on a confer-
ence committee at the last session of Congress
on an appropriation bill like this, when this
same proposition was made by the Senate.
There seems to be a determination on the part
of some members of that honorable body to
purchase the grounds around the Capitol for
some reason or other, unknown to me, and I
think unknown to anybody outside of a few
individuals. We refused to accede to that
proposition then. I will say this, that for the
two days I was on that committee I was per-
sistently annoyed by the pressing arguments
of gentlemen, whether they had any interest
in the matter or not I do not know, urging me
to agree to some proposition in reference to
the grounds around liere, by which certain
houses were to be torn down and paid for.
1 call the attention of the House to these
facts; this House has persistently voted
against these appropriations. But at every
session of Congress, just before the adjourn-
ment, the Senate puts these propositions on
one of the appropriation bills, thinking that
some conference committee may agree t,o them
and that the House will accept them. Now, in
reference to the new building for the State
Department, I say there is no necessity for any
such building expressly for the preservation
of these records ; none whatever.
Mr. BANKS. I do not advocate that.
Mr. LOGAN. There was a building forthe
State Department, and these records were in
that building and they were preserved there.
But that building was torn down, and the
Treasury Department building extended over
its site. There is room in the Treasury Depart-
ment building where these records can be kept
securely and safely, where those that are of
any great value can be deposited and there be
eafe. But the fact is there is a determination
on the part of a portion of the members of
this Congress, in one branch or the other, to
start some more public buildings. Estimates
were sent in the other day from the Treasury
Department for a new buiidmg for printing
purposes, when we are about to stop our print-
' irig of that character. There is another prop-
osition to build a new building for the State
Department; another proposition is to extend
the building for the War Department. There
is also another proposition to make beautiful
walks and drives*, and evervthitig else of the
kind. I have no objection to doing all that is
proper to be done where it can be done, and
where the people themselves will pay for it.
But in this case I do object; and I am honest
enough to state fully the reasons why I object.
I object, first, because the people of the
country are not going to submit quietly to
the enormous burdens which are placed upon
them day by day by the Congress of the Uni-
ted States unlesi you stop somewhere. Then,
again, X object for another reason. I do not
desire to attend the funeral of the Republican
party within the nest two years ; at any rate,
if I do, I wish to see its assassination per-
petrated by different hands from those svhich
would seem now to be aiming to destroy it.
1 do not want to see the vitality of that party
taken from it by its own friends, by its own
party adherents, by men calling themselves
Republicans, by men who claim to control the
affairs of this country, by men who hold the
finances of this land almost'within the hollow
of their hand. No, sir; if death must come
to this gallant party, which saved the country
in its time of trial and gloom, let the dagger
be drawn by other than those denominated
Republicans. Gentlemen of the Republican
party on this floor are every day doing acts
which threaten the life of this party. They
must stop this extravagance; they must cease
these outrages upon the people, or our party
is doomed.
There is another reason which I must give.
Men have said to me in this House—a gentle-
man from Massachusetts said to me the other
day, by way of pleasantry, " Why, Logan, you
have postponed the moving of the capital."
Such things are said to me rather derisively.
Now, let me say that my expectation of the
ultimate removal of this capital is one reason,
coupled with others, why I oppose these appro-
priations. And, sir, one of the great objects
which these gentlemen have in bringing for-
ward these appropriations on every opportun-
ity, one object they have in extending and
multiplying public buildings and purchasing
additional grounds, is to secure the investment
in this city of so much money as will prevent
the people from ever changing the location of
the capital of this nation.
Sir, united New England and Pennsylvania
and New York have voted against giving the
western people the number of Representatives
to which under the Constitution they are enti-
tled according to their population; yet, sir,
these appropriations cannot now be passed
through this House unless on the report of a
committee of conference, with no sufficient time
allowed for consideration. This istlieonly way
in which it can be done. For want of time
this House is sometimes compelled to agree to
things which it does not desire; but I say to
members here that if they will stand by me
not one dollar of these outrageous appropria-
tions which have been put in this bill will ever
be agreed to by this House, whether this Con-
gress passes the appropriation bill or not. We
have a'right to save ourselves and the people
and the country, even though a few office-
holders may go without their salaries for a
short time.
There is another thing which I wish to say
to western men, both Democrats and Repub-
licans; for so far as regards this matter it
makes no difference what their politics are.
When these gentlemen of the East agree that
we shall have what we are entitled to under
the Constitution of the United States, which
our fathers made, and which we helped to
maintain as earnestly and efficiently as any
people in this land, when they give us the votes
to which we are entitled in this House, we
will then give them notice as to what action
shall be taken in reference to the capital of
this country. You will learn it time enough.
You may make sport of this matter as much
as you please ; but you will find that some day
or other the West, and the South too, will
notify gentlemen of the East that power does
not always exist where numbers d(i iot dwell.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman be kind enough to say how long it will
be before this capital shall be removed out
West? [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. In reply to my venerable
friend from Maine I will say that I cannot tell
just how long ; but if he lives to a reasonable
age he will see it glide away from this spot
and placed in the midst of people who have
hearts, and who can welcome with open arms
and generous hospitality citizens from all parts
of the country.
Mr. BANKS. I have no desire to detain
the House except so far as may be necessary
to explain my position. I may say that no
member from New England desires to deny the
West its due representation, and it will have it
at the proper time. At the same period the
apportionment was made heretofore it will be
made now, and it will do entire justice to the
West. I have not said a word in favor of the
building of a new State Department. I did not
rise to advocate that measure at all; but I rose
for the purpose of asking the attention of the
House in reference to some instructions which
I propose on the part of the House to the com-
mittee of conference. I wish to know of the
Speaker whether it would be in ofder to in-
struct the committee of conference on the part
of the House to propose to the committee of
conference on the part of the Senate the adop-
tion of some means for preserving the papers
of the State Department within the present
building. I ask the Clerk to read the resolu-
tion which I have sent to the Chair, to ascer-
tain whether this cannot be done. I say to the
gentleman from Illinois, and I hope he will
observe what I have to say, that the very means
of preventing an extravagant building is to
provide some means for the preservation of the
archives of the State Department in the present
building.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the committee of conference on
the part of the House be instructed to provide some
adequate means within the State Department for
the preservation of the valuable papers of that
Department.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest
that under parliamentary law conferences be-
tween the two Houses are full and free con-
ferences, without any instructions. The House
may declare by resolution, however, what is its
sense on any particular question.
Mr. BANKS. I will, then, so modify my
resolution, to take the sense of the House on
the question.
The SPEAKER. The committee of confer-
ence will be first appointed.
Mr. Dawes's motion was agreed to ; and
the Speaker appointed as the managers of the
second conference on the part of the House
Mr. Dawes of Massachusetts, Mr. Holm an of
Indiana, and Mr. Cullom of Illinois.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the committee of conference was
appointed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That it is the sense of this House to
have some adequate means within the State Depart-
ment for the preservation of the valuable papers of
that Department provided.
Mr. LOGAN. I object to the resolution, and
I will state the reason. This would inevitably
lead to the building of a new State Department.
Mr. BANKS. I move to suspend the rules,
and that the resolution be adopted.
TheHousedivided ; audthere were—ayes 58,
noes 50.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended.
committee op conference
The SPEAKER announced the following
committee of conference on the part of the
House on the bill (II. R. No. 2799) mak-
ing appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 1872, and for other pur-,
poses: Mr. Washburn of Wisconsin, Mr.
Stevexs of New Hampshire, and Mr. Hale
of Maine; and on the bill (H. R. No. 281G)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 80, 1872, and
for other purposes, Mr. Dickey of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. Beck of Kentucky, and Mr. Logas
of Illinois.
JAIIES BULGER.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bill No. 120-1, to authorize the
restoration of James Belger to the rank of
major and quartermaster in the Army.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
President of the United States to restore James
