1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Unsolved, That Lewis Tillman was not elected and
is not entitled to a seat in the Forty-First Congress
as the Representative of the fourth congressional dis-
trict of the State of Tennessee.
Mr. DOX. I ask the consent of the House
to submit a minority report on this subject.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
leave will be granted, and the majority and
minority reports will be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole
and proceed to the consideration of the legis-
lative appropriation bill.
• Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. .1 call
for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair takes this occa-
sion to rule upon a point of order which may
come up very often during this session. The
appropriation bills are made special orders
after the morning hour; but there is a provis-
ion in the rules that when the House is in Com-
mittee of the Whole appropriation bills and
bills for raising supplies in time of war shall
be considered to the exclusion of all other bills,
at the discretion of the committee. It is there-
fore competent before the morning hour, if a
majority of the House shall so order, to go into
the Committee of the Whole, and the appropri-
ation bills under that general rule would come
lip to the exclusion of the morning hour, if the
a majority of the House so decide.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Morrell] is very anxious that
we shall have the morning hour to-day. If
the House will to-morrow morning, imme-
diately after the reading of the Journal, go into
Committee of the Whole, with the understand-
iog that until these appropriation bills_ go to
the Senate the Committee on Appropriations
will be indulged in reference to this business,
I will not press my motion this afternoon. But
I wish to state to the House that I do not recol-
lect of any time when the appropriation bills
hare been so far behind at so late a period of
the session as they are now. Hence, 1 feel it
a necessity to ask that the other business pend-
ing in the House shall be postponed until these
bills have been sent to the Senate. Otherwise
we shall be in trouble on the 4th day of March,
when this session must come to an end. If
the House say that immediately after the read-
ing of the Journal to-morrow we may go into
committee, and go on as best we may with the
appropriation bills, I will not interfere with the
business which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania desires to bring up this afternoon.
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels bound to
state, in justice to other committees of the
House, that there are but three morning hours
of the week in which they can report on public
business, and for this reason the reports of
committees are much delayed. If the gentle-
man from Massachusetts demands the regular
order of business immediately after the read-
ing of the Journal, he can, without interfering
with the ordinary reports of committees, have
the House go into Committee of the Whole
shortly after one o'clock on each day. Tho
destruction of the morning hour, the Chair is
bound to say to the House, leads to more con-
fusion than anything else which can bedone
to obstruct the progress of legitimate business.
Mr. DAWES. It is as much as a man s
life is worth to sit here and call for the regular
order. . ,
Ths SPEAKER. There are nine members
of the Committee on Appropriations, and the
Chair would not lay it all upon the chairman.
The Chair feels bound to make this general
remark, that the laying aside of the regular
order it is that leads to the confusion of busi-
"Tn adherence to the regular order for two
weeks would smooth out the whole business
of the House. . ,,
Mr. ALLISON. Then I shall persistently
call for the regular order of business.
Mr. DAWES. In the hope that such will be
the result, I shall oppose anything else but the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is the call of committees for reports
during the morning hour, which now begins, at
five minutes past three o'clock p. m. The first
business under that call is the consideration of
a bill reported from the Committee on Manu-
factures by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Morrell.]
NATIONAL EXPOSITION.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of House bill No. 1478, to provide for
celebrating the one hundredth anniversary of
American independence by holding an inter-
national exhibition of arts, manufactures, and
products of the soil and mine, in the city of
Philadelphia and State of Pennsylvania, in the
year 1876.
The pending question was upon the follow-
ing amendment, moved by Mr. Sahgest :
Strike out all after the word " commissioners" in
line two, section seven, and insert '' or other officers
provided by this act from the Treasury of the United
States;" so that it  vill read: •
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That no compen-
sation for services shall be paid to commissioners or
other officers provided by this act from the Treasury
of the United States.
Mr. MORRELL, ofPenn6ylvania. I propose
to offer as a substitute for that amendment the
following, which I believe will be satisfactory
to the gentleman from California.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add after the word "commission'' in the ninth line
of the seventh section the words:
Provided, That the total sum to he expended by
said commission for all purposes whatever shall not
exceed $50,000 a year, up to January, 1876, and during
the vear 1876 shall not exceed $250,001), or a total sum
of $500,000 during the entire existence of the com-
mission.
Mr. SARGENT. I prefer my own amend-
ment. •
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield to the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Wells] to offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. There are two amend-
ments already pending; but the Chair will
hear it.
Mr. WELLS. I move to strike out Penn-
sylvania" and "Philadelphia" and to insert
" Missouri" and " St. Louis."
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania admit the amendment?
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield for five minutes to the gentleman from
Missouri, and then call for the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman admit
the amendment?
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I have
no objection to a vote on the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The amendment^ then,
will be considered as pending, unless objection
be made.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I now
yield to the gentleman from Missouri for five
minutes. .
Mr. WELLS. Mr. Speaker, m offering this
amendment to the bill under consideration I
desire that I may not be understood as in any
manner dissenting from the generous eulogium
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Morrell] has bestowed upon Philadel-
phia. I venture to assert that nowhere in the
Union is preserved a warmer gratitude toward
the city in which was framed and adopted the
glorious bill of civil rights which created the
free-born citizens of this Union a nation in-
dependent and self-reliant than in the West.
We of the West yield to no men in our desire
to perpetuate the memories and teachings of
1775. We honor alike the sacrifices and tri-
umphs of each of the original Colonies. We
find alike in Boston, New York, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, and Charleston, fitting shrines of
patriotic devotion ; and, beyond all, we rev-
erence the proprietor of Pennsylvania, the
founder of Philadelphia, as the one man who
in his life and by his self-sacrifice, firmly, yet
in peace, established the living principle that
all men are entitled by right to a full and free
expression of all their wants and aspirations,
religious or civil, and that to deny even to the
humblest citizen this right is to weaken the
State, engender prejudice and passion, benumb
conscience, and destroy liberty.
If, then, the sole object of a centennial cele-
brationis to be a renewal of the most precious,
memories of our nation; a revisiting of shrines
enthroning most nobly the saints of patriotism;
an exultation in the glories of our forefathers
fittingly to be expressed by orations, grand
music, the firing of cannon, the blaze of bon-
fires, and all the exuberance of a nation's holi-
day, I grant you, sir, that Philadelphia is the
proper city and Independence Hall the proper
temple in which to gather the people, and this
national Legislature and the executive officers
of the nation, that each, the people and their
servants, might renew their devotion to a com-
mon country, and that we tnay draw new lessons
in public charity and the eternal law of' peace
and forgiveness from the memories of that first
Congress andoftheimmortal Penn. Thatsuch
a celebration may take place I sincerely hope,
and am willing, so far as lies in my power, to
aid and promote it.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, however,
in drawing his bill has provided for more than
this, and the discussion upon the measure as
proposed must take a wider range. A national
exhibition of our products and manufactures
in direct competition with those of other coun-
tries will serve at once to develop our differ;
ences in some branches and our superiority in
others. Its greatest benefit would be found
in a better self-knowledge, and its ultimate aim
should be to acquaint the citizens, artisans,
agriculturists, ana capitalists of other nations
with the extent and resources of our nation.
That the occasion of such an exhibition should
be the centennial anniversary of our national
existence does not, of necessity, narrow down
the selection of a location to the cities^situated
within the narrow belt along the Atlantic sea-
coast that comprises the territory wherein
were enacted the stirring scenes of a nation s
birth. We of America can treasure the mem-
ories and honor the deeds of those thirteen
States, which, with but a wilderness behind
them, challenged the power of the proudest
and most powerful nation of the world, and by
their own heroism wrested from her the crown
of liberty; but to the world we should rather
show that wilderness reclaimed, those thirteen
States grown into nearly twoscore, and that
narrow belt expanded from ocean to ocean, its
commerce the equal of the present nation, its
resources sufficient to the support of all the
people of Europe.
To this end, sir, I submit that the amend-
ment I have offered is fitting, that St. Louis
presents the proper location for such an exhi-
bition. It links with its history the first and
peaceful extension of our national domain,
and is of itself a monument to the Union under
a free Government. It stands midway in the
path of commerce across the continent from
east to west, and is the central point of ex-
change of the products of the temperate clime
of the Northwest and the sunnier temperature
of the South. It is true, sir, that St. Louis can-
not boast as fine a harbor as New York; that
the visitor to a national exhibition held there
will not look over a forest of masts bearing the
flags of all nations, as at Boston, Philadelphia,
and Baltimore; that he may not find there as
fine mansions, as liberally endowed colleges,
as extensive public libraries, as finely deco-
rated public parks; and may miss other of the
outward symbols of advanced culture. He will,
however, pass beyond the outer show ol the
nation and come in contact with the heart ot
the country, and so in contact with it con
watch the progress of a people, and the ready
tact with which in a free country the learn-
ing, taste, and culture of different people are
