1246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
vision, and shall notify the President of the United
Suites thereof, nil future proceedings for appointing
the officers provided for herein', or for the assess-
ment or collection of the aforesaid tax within such
Stnto, sbali be suspended for twelve months from
said djite. If, at thoexpir-itiun of said twelve months,
it (■hall be proved to the satisfaction of c'ne President
of tlie United States that there is established in said
State a system of eotnmon schools wnich provides
reasonably for all the children therein, who dwell
where tlto population is sufficiently dense to enable
schools to be maintained, suitable instruction in the
aforesaid branchcs.no lurther steps shall betaken
for the appointment of officers or the assessment of
the tax therein; otherwise, he shall proceed to cause
said tax to be assessed ami said schools to be estab-
lished within such State forthwith thereafter.
The States to which this bill should be
applied are well known. They are shown in
the speech of' the gentlemau from Massachu-
setts. [Mr. Hoar.]
Why not at once decide here in Congress
what. States need this legislation, and apply it
to them? T am ready to vote for the bill some-
what modified and applied to the proper-States,
giving them a reasonable time to escape its
operation by establishingand making provision
for the support of schools therein. But the bill
in its present shape assumes that every State
is guilty of the failure to provide adequate
schools until the performance of the duty is
proved to the satisfaction of the President.
A failure of duty should be proved, not pre-
sumed.
With the multiplied duties of the President
it would be impossible that he could person-
ally hear and pass upon the evidence. The
power to say whether laws shall or shall not
be operative is essentially legislative, and
should not be abdicated by Congress.
Discretionary powers arealwaysdangerons;
but Congress, as the body which speaks the
legislative will of the people, should determine
their legislative wants. There can be no cer-
tain, unchangeable, uniform rule as to what
provision for common schools should be made
by the States, but the decision of that question
at last must rest with Congress as the ultimate
depository of legislative power, and all con-
flict between presidential and congressional
discretion or judgment will be removed by
leaving it with the legislative power of the
nation.
No one here, I suppose, would justify the
establishment of common schools in the States,
either on grounds of expediency or constitu-
tional power, except in the event of a failure
by the States to maintain them.
The bill itself concedes to the States the
power, and only invokes the national authority
in the event of a failure on the part of one or
more States.
All past experience proves that each State
can better judse of its local wants and supply
them mora efficiently and economically than
the national Government.
No one preunds that the power of Congress
to establish common schools in the States is
exclusive of the State authority. Whether it
is even concurrent with that of the States I
will not now discuss, but it has been sufficiently
shown in the debates on this bill and elsewhere
that the latent power exists in Congress to
establish schools in any State when such State
so utterly fails to perform that duty as to en-
danger the existence of the State or the repub-
lican form of its government, or to imperil
national existence.
And now, having briefly stated some of the
objections to this bill, 1 propose a substitute
for it, which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Cleik read as follows :
Section 1. Be it enacted, That the Commis-
sioner ot .Education shall, in Ilia annual report cileh
year, embody from the best sources of information
witlim Ins leach his opinion, with the facts 011 which
the s ,11110 is founded, whether any, and if so what
Suites, do not maintain common schools therein, in
ail 1 daces where 1 lie population is sufficient ly dense to
111 am 1 aiii t hem. adequate to furnish suitable inatruc-
lions 111 mthogiapliy, leading, writnifr, arithmetic,
geu^i ,i [iliy, and history ot the United States for all
the childri 11 therein between six and eighteen years
ot age, and said Commissioner shall, as soon as prac-
ticable, with the advice and assistance of the Attor-
ney General, famish to Congress the draft of a bill
to secure such schools at the expense of or by tax-
ation in such States.
Mr. LA WHENCE. In behalf of this 1 will
say but a few words.
if it-shall become a law it will - serve as
a warning to the States, and will, I believe,
secure such legislation from thetn as will avoid
all necessity for the establishment of common
schools under the authouity of Congress.
It will furnish Congress with such informa-
tion as will secure a basis for intelligent legis-
lation as to the States which may require it,
without any menace toward those not guilty
of any neglect of duty as to schools.
It will be the first permanent declaration
of the duty and purpose and power of the
national Government to maintain common
schools in and at the expense of a State neg
lecting that highest duty of a republican Gov-
ernment, and without which it cannot endure.
Something must be done to rescue from neg-
lect and injustice the four millions of colored
citizens in the States of the South, or in such
of those States as omit to make provision for
their education.
The two great errors committed by Congress
in the reconstruction of the rebel States were,
first, that no adequate provision was made to
secure homesteads to the landless and home-
less poor ; and second, that no sufficient guar-
antees were required by constitutional pro-
vision in those States for universal education.
Let us now repair these errors as wisely as we
can, so that the prosperity and happiness of
the people may be secured and the perpetuity
of the Republic be forever assured.
INCOME TAX.
Mr. MORGAN addressed the House. [His
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
wish to read an extract from the annual report
of the Fifth Auditor of the Treasury, which is
dated October 16, 1870. It will be, I think,
a tolerably full answer to that part of my
colleague's speech in which he complains of
defaulting collectors:
"During the past year I have been so strongly
impressed with the inconvenience of the present
system of holding the outgoing collector responsible
lor the tax lists delivered to his successor that I take
the liberty to respeettully repent in substance what
I said in iny last report upon that subject. Upon
the appointment of a new revenue collector, under
the law as it now stands, the uncollected tax lists
are delivered to the incoming collector, but he is
not charged with them or held responsible by the
Government for them. The outgoing collector has
already been charged with them, and the Govern-
ment continues to hold him and his bondsmen for
the amount until voluntarily accounted for by the
new collector. Millions of dollars are annually in-
volved in this condition. The system is wrong in
principle, and works badly in everyway. The new
collector having large lists in his possession with
which he is not charged can, if he chooses, in the
first months of his administration deposit enough to
keep the United States in debt to him, as far as the
books show, and still retain large sums in his pos-
session. Not being held accountable for these old
list?, ho has not sufficient motive to pay over
promptly, or for collecting the scattered and diffi-
cult portions, or having the worthless items abated
and closed out. Large amounts stand charged to
the ex-collector long after they should have been
accounted for. The injustice of holding the ex-
collector and his sureties responsible for tax lists
delivered by him to his successor, and over which
he ha3 no control or authority whatever, must bo
apparent. Each retiring collector appeals to be
i.ugely in debt to the United States. The account-
ing oiheers cannot determine how mueh of this in-
debtedness is real and how much nominal until
these old lists are closed and voluntarily accounted
ior by cach successor, whi^h is usually years alter,
and sometimes never."
Mr. MORGAN. They spent the money
since, I suppose.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Let that go out with
my colleague's speech.
Mr. MORGAN. I hope the gentleman will
also let us have an explanation in the matter
in reference to which he took the floor. 1 hope
he will be able to explain to the House why
the Secretary of the Treasury does notansvver
for himself.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I will see that an
answer is given peifectly satisfactory to my
colleague.
Mr. MORGAN. I am glad the gentlemau
is going to take charge of the Secretary.
Sir. LAWRENCE. I may say that I in-
dorse most ot what my colleague lias said in
reference to the income tax. That part of
his speech is right; and I commend iiiiu for
being right at least in one thing.
The Secretary of the Treasury is able to take
care of himself. His administration of the
finances and of his Department has been the
grandest achievement ever known in the finan-
cial department of any Government. The
public credit has been improved, the national
debt reduced, public expenditures diminished,
taxation cut down, confidence restored, pros-
perity secured among all the people, and the
respect and admiration of all nations secured.
Henceforth the name and fame of George S.
lioutwell will be commensurate with and endur-
ing as that of our Republic. No man doubts
his surpassing and wouderful ability, none
questions his integrity.
Mr. STILES addressed the House. [His
remarks will be .found in the Appendix.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise for the purpose of
moving an adjournment.
Mr. NEGLEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
NAVIGATION OF TUB OHIO.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask permission to print
some remarks on Senate joint resolution No.
290, in relation to obstructions in the naviga-
tion of the Ohio.
There was 110 objection; and leave was
granted. [See Appendix.]
INCOllla TAX.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, T desire to
say one word with reference to the income
tax. I think my friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stiles] is mistaken in supposing that
this subject was voted upon directly in 18C2.
The first provision on the subject of income
tax occurred in the act of August 5, 1801,
which was passed at the called session of
Congress. It was then a part of the tariff
act of that session, and I believe the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania did not vote against
an increase of the tariff. The next provision
upon the subject is to be found in the inter-
nal revenue act of 1862, the first internal rev-
enue act-
Mr. S-TILES. That is what I had refer-
ence to.
Mr. HOLMAN. It was not the subject, as
my friend will remember, of a separate and
distinct vote; it was only a part of the act.
My impression is that my friend voted against
the whole internal revenue act of 1862, so that
my friend lias not obtained a judgment of the
people of his district on that separate ques-
tion. I have referred to this because in this
matter it is exceedingly desirable to under-
stand what is the temper of the public mind
011 this subject, and 1 understood for the first
time on this floor that the people themselves
had directly ratified a vote against the income
tax in my friend's district in the State of Penn-
sylvania. My friend will perceive at once that
the distinct question of the income tax was not
before liis constituents in the election to which
he refers. The inr.crnal revenue act, embrac-
ing the whole field of internal taxation, was
belore them, but not this particular question.
Mr. STILES. I should, perhaps, correct
myself here. I did vote against the entire
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I thought, my friend voted
against the entire bill. That bill was full of
objectionable features, upon opposition to
which the gentleman could have safely gone
before the country.
Mr. S TILES. My fiiend voied for it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I voted for the bill, and,
singular enough, there was one of the most
remarkable increases ill the Democratic voie
111 the district in which I live that occurred in
II the United States. I voted for that internal
