THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
assimilated without loss of individuality or
a lessening of generous hospitality. He will
gee'with what rapid strides the West moves
toward the greater civilization, and with what
gelf sacrifice the present provides for the
future.
The citizen of Europe will there stand in
the center of a valley larger than the territory
occupied by • his and a dozen neighboring
nations, and within this valley he will find the
products of every clime, a varied and remun-
erative commerce; to the northward, wheat
fields bearing sufficient to feed all the nations
6f Europe; to the south, extensive cotton
plantations ; to the westward, plains yet un-
cultivated ; to the east, advanced agricultural
progress. He will find within that valley all
the requirements to the highest civilization,
the most extended commerce. Rich deposits
of iron, lead, copper, and zinc in close prox-
imity to extensive coal fields; an expansive
grazing region in near connection to populous
cities; unequaled production of cotton and
wool, with unsurpassed water-power; in short,
sir, every metal from field and forest pro-
duced, united with capability of production
and manufacture. Beyond all this, he will, at
St. Louis, stand in the very center of a river
navigation unsurpassed in the world, and wit-
ness steamers, exceeding in tonnage the ocean
marine of this country, bearing the gathered
products of fourteen States to an inland sea
as large as the Mediterranean.
I will not, Mr. Speaker, detain the House
with a recital of all the resources of the States
lying in the Mississippi valley, nor extend my
remarks by comparing the actual products of
that section with those of all the rest of the
nation. The reports made to this body ex-
hibit the fact that within the fourteen States
more than one half of all the cereals, cotton,
tobacco, &c., is produced. My sole desire has
been to present to this body a few of the rea-
sons which should influence the location of an
exhibition of our national industries in the cen-
ter, and not upon the margin, of the country.
This conceded, St. Louis must be selected as
the proper place, lis citizens, too, can point
with some pride to a system of public educa-
tion unsurpassed in any city in this Union;
they need not blush for the character of their
edifices nor shrink from a comparison as to
the commerce of their merchants. St. Louis,
too, has, no less than Philadelphia, the full ad-
vantage of rail communication, is even more
accessible to the greatest number of our own
people, and it is not impossible that, before the
date fixed in the bill for this exhibition, it will
fully equal the city of Philadelphia in popula-
tion. it is nearer to all the resources of the
nation than any other city. It is in close prox-
imity to iron fields as extensive as those of
Pennsylvania, and it is developing manufac-
tures as rapidly as the most favored city in
New England. In St. Louis, then, the foreign
exhibitor will reach more nearly a conception
of the magnitude of our nation, and find him-
self more fully enlightened as to the varied
products and resources of our country, and, at
the same time, our native citizens and pro-
ducers will be brought more closely with the
people of different sections.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to my friend from St. Louis, [Mr.
Wells.] I hope he will not interfere with the
celebration of this centennial anniversary, in
view of the fact that the Democratic and Con-
servative national convention, to select can-
didates for the next President and Vice Pres-
ident, is likely to be held in St. Louis. The
proceedings of this body will be pregnant with
great results for t.he good of our country, and
in view of that fact I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his proposition.
Mr. AIORRKLL, of Pennsylvania. I now
demand the previous question on the bill and
pending amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I rise
for the purpose of closing debate; but in the
first place I yield to my colleague [Mr. Mer-
cur] to make a report.
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATION.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 2687) apportioning the Represent-
atives in Congress to the several States, to-
gether with a report.
The bill was read a first and second time,
recommitted to the same committee, and
ordered to be printed. 4
Mr. MERCUR entered a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the substitute and
report were recommitted.
national exposition.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I now
yield to my colleague, [Mr. Kelley.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, this bill has
been treated by its opponents as though its
object were a purely local one. It is not so.
The city of Philadelphia, the State of Penn-
sylvania, and the Branklin Institute of Penn-
sylvania originated the movement for the ceu-
tennial celebration of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, and are willing to take the respons-
ibility of its preparation and management
under the auspices of the Government of the
United States. And to that end the bill does
little more than ordain that such a celebra-
tion shall be had at Philadelphia, and pro-
vide for the appointment by the President of
one commissioner from each State and Ter-
ritory upon the nomination of the Governor
thereof.
The proposed exhibition is to celebrate
events that are not merely of national but of
world-wide interest. It is to commemorate not
a day, but ail epoch in universal history ; not an
event, but a series of events that occurred in
rapid succession and gave birth to republican
liberty, and organized a nation .which stands
to-day, when measured by the number of its
population, the extent and geographical posi-
tion of its territory, the intelligence and enter-
prise of its people, and the variety and volume
of its resources and productions first and proud-
est, though but an infant among the nations of
the world. London and Paris were venerable
cities when the American continent was dis-
covered, and this bill proposes to invite the
people of London, Paris, and the world at large
to behold the results of one century of repub-
lican liberty in a nation, whose people are the
offspring of those of every land and clime,
and to challenge them to present the best
results of their genius, experience, and labor
in comparison with those of this young and
heterogeneous but free people.
The proposed celebration, sir, will prove to
be of national importance by its relation to
the trade of the country. I hold in my hand
one of the most instructive politico economic
works of the last year, "Home Politics ; or,
the Growth of Trade considered 111 its Relation
to Labor, Pauperism, and Emigration, by Dan-
iel Grant," published in London. I l-equest
the attention of the House to a passage from
that work with respect to the influence of the
first aud second expositions on the trade of
England. It is as follows:
"In an early part of this chapter it was pointed
out that the personal knowledge of buyer and seller
form a.u important link in the growth of trade, and
in one sense thefirst exhibition aided this. Men who
for years had known each other by name came to
know each other as a matter of fact, and thus binlt
up relations that pioduoed a mutual good. The
mere prestige of the 'world's bazaar' brought men
from every quarter of the Imbitahleworld, and they
carried away with them to their distant homes the
|j memory of .English productions, that bore fruit then
and has borne fruit since. At the time, anions tho
whole of our raanufaetuiors, it was recognized as an
unctiallengable fact that the exhibition had stimu-
lated trade. that orders were plentiful, and that its
success was great.
"The statistics do more than bear this point out;
tho bound in our exports is both clear and decisive.
, It will be necessary to notice here that the direct
it results of the exhibition would not be manifest
until tha year after it closed, and would most prob-
ably extend twelve months beyond. The exhibition
did not elosc until the end of the year; the orders
given during the time would be delivered partly in
the year 1851, and partly in 1852, and the return
orders some months later, so that the cffects would
appear in the following years. The statistics here
given show very markedly the grow til. of our exports
at the particular epochs.
"Our exports in 1S-31 were £71.413.722, in 1832,
£78,076,854, and in 1853, £1)8,93.1.78!); showing nn
advance in the two years of £.2-1,485,050.
Tho same results are apparent in the two yoars
after our second exhibition :
"Our exports in 1862 were £123,992,204, in 3St>3,
£116.602,312, and in 1861, £160,111.053; showing an
advance in tho two years of £3G,456,78lJ."
No one can consider these figures and the
reflections of Mr. Grant without, conceding
that such an exhibition, held in the neighbor-
hood or within the limits of one of our great
cities, would largely expand the trade of tho
.entire country, and would attract an enorm-
ous flow of immigration, especially of skilled
mechanics, artists, and men of enterprise with
capital too limited to be' adequate to produce
a competence in Europe, but ^yhieh m'glit
enable them to amass fortunes in this country
of cheap land and undeveloped resources.
The question, therefore, is one of n.Vurnal
importance, and should not be treated as a
local one, because it is proposed that the com-
memoration exhibition shall be held in the
city in which the events which it is to com-
memorate occurred. Ircgretexceedingly that
the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Cleve-
land] is not in his seat. lie proposed to h Did
such a celebration in New York, and, in s jp-
port of his strange proposition, invited the at-
tention of the House to the fact that for f( rty
years New York has had an association for the
promotion of the mechanic arts, known as the
American Institute. Sir, forty-five years s go,
I was a copy-reader in a printing ofiice, ai d I
remember well that among the copy which
most puzzled me was that of Dr. Jones, who
was then at the head of the Patent Ofiice and
editor of the journal of the Franklin Institute,
an institution which had then been publishing
its proceedings for several years. This was
five years before the organization of the
American Institute. The Franklin Institute
of Pennsylvania hailed the organization and
has rejoiced in the prosperity of the American
Institute, and recognizes it as its most success-
ful offspring and as one of its most influen :iai
coworkers in developing our manufacturing
and mining resources and promoting the gen-
eral interests of our country.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] in opposing this bill, spoke of the
inconsequential character of the preamble r,nd
resolutions. Regarding the proposed exposi-
tion as a commemoration only of the Declara-
tion of Independence, he said that document
had nothing to do with the progress of manu-
factures and the arts. In this opinion he dis-
sents from that of Thomas Jefferson, as he will
discover by turning to volume one of Jeffer-
son's Works, page 129. He will there Mod
that, Mr. Jefferson assigns the attempt by Eng-
| land to suppress manufactures and pre vent the; r
! establishment was a potent cause of the tevalt
| of the Colonies, lie says:
t That to heighten still the idea of parliamentary
! justice, and to show with what mouenitmu Ui.'y aro
i iike to exercise power where themselves are to feel
i no part of its weight, we tako leave to mentioi to
| his Majesty certain other acts of tho British Par 111-
| ment bv which they were prohibited from inanti' ac-
: taring for our own use the articles we raise on our
; a hat lor^biraself of tho fur which he h-is taken pcr-
i haps oil ms own sou; an instance of despotism to
j which no parallel onn bo proJueed in tho in^,t aihi •
I trv.rv a-ros of I riti-h li'siory. P y r,no otlwr :i>'•
' raised m the twenty-third year of the same rcif,n.
, the iron wlnci ivo make ue are forbidden to mivnu-
j f.icture; red hoj yy n* th«t articTo nivl wcv^vry
] m every br;ot<~-h (A hu,-b;nidrv, libidos
! :m<i insurance, we <>re to pay freight for it to Ore.n,
j Jjutani, a nd It eight for it buck a gum, tor the purposK-
of * tpporrm - not. men, but machine*, in the isUnd
i of Great -Britain."
j Tbat gentlemen may perceive bow well
I founded these complaints of the colonics were,
