1'8T1.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1850
lack, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, William "W. Paine,
Peck, Perce, Peters, Pomeroy, Price, Prosser, Rico,
Sawyer, Schumaker, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes. Strader,
Trimble, Tyner, Upson, Van Auken, Van Horn,
Van Trump, Whitmore, Williams, BugenaM. Wil-
son. John T. Wilson, Winans, Winchester, Witcher,
Wolf, Wood, and Young-lOS.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Armstrong, Arnell, Ayer,
Beaman, Bennett, Benton; George M. Brooks, Buf-
fititon, Benjamin F. Butler, Clinton L.Cobb,Conger,
Darrall, Dickey, Nathan F. Dixon. Donley, Ela,
li'erriss, Kinkoln burg, Fisher, Gil fit] an, Haldeman,
Hamill, Hoar, Holmes. Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin,
Lash, Loughridge, Manning, Maynard, McCarthy,
McG rew, Mercur, Morey, Daniel J. Morrell, Packer,
Phelps, Porter, Sanford, Sargent, Scofield, Porter
Sheldon, Slocum, Worthington C. Smith, Stevens,
Stone, Stoughton, Strickland, Sypher, Tanner. Tay-
lor, Tillman, Townsend, Twiehell, William B.
Washburn. Wheeler, and Willard—59.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Bailey, Banks.
Barnaul, Benjamin, Boyd, Buck, Burr, Roderick B.
Butler, Cake. Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Corker,
Cowles, Cox, Dawes, Dege-ner, Joseph Dixon,Duke,
Duval, Dyer. Eldridge, Ferry,Gibson, Haight. Haw-
kins. lloge, Jenckes. Johnson. Alexander H.Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, Kelley. .Kelsey, Knott. Lynch,
McCormick, McKenzie, Milnes, William Moore,
Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill. Myers, Negley, News-
ham. HalbertE. Paine,Palmer, Piatt, Poland, Pot-
ter, Barney, Randall,Reeves, Rogers.Roots, Sherrod,
Shober, .1 oiln A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William
J. Smith, Strong:, Swann, Sweeney, Taffe, Van Wyck,
Yoorhees, Wallace, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Welker, Wells, Whitclcy, Wilkinson, and
W oodward—73.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended for the
purpose indicated.
Civil, SERVICE.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked and ob-
tained leave to print some remarks on civil
Service reform. [See Appendix.]
CONSOLIDATION OF NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution relative to an
inquiry into the expediency of consolidating
the Charlestown and Kittery liavy-yards.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides in the first section that the Secretary of
the Navy shall be authorized and directed to
appoint a commission consisting of two line
officers of the Navy and one officer of the
engineer corps of the Army of the United
States, to examine and report as soon as prac-
ticable, first, whether the territory and water
front connected with the navy-yard at Kittery,
Maine, and owned by the United States, are
ample and well adapted to accommodate the
business now carried on at both the Kittery
and the Charlestown navy-yards, and for any
probable future increase of said business;
secondly, whether the territory and water front
now occupied by the said Charlestown navy-
yard are needed for commercial purposes;
thirdly, the amount which could probably be
realized by a sale of the site and permanent
improvements connected with said jDharles-
town navy-yard and belonging to the United
States; fourthly, the probable expense of
transporting the machinery and other mova-
ble property connected with said Charlestown
yard to the yard at Kittery, and the estimated
cost of increasing the capacity of said Kittery
yard sufficiently to accommodate the business
now carried on at both of said navy-yards;
fifthly, the estimated annual saving to the
Government which would result from a con-
solidation of said navy-yards. The second
and final section directs the Secretary of the
Navy to transmit the report of said commis-
sioners, with his own recommendations in
relation thereto, to Congress during the month
of December next.
Objection was made.
Mr. LYNCH. I will move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of introducing the reso-
lution.
Mr. BECK. I have the floor, and cannot
yield for that purpose.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. BKCK. I move to suspend the rules
to discharge the Committee-on Reconstruction
, from the further consideration of and pass
Senate bill No. 1041, to relieve certain persons
therein named from the legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States,
and for other purposes. It is a bill for the
removal of the political disabilities of a few
men in Kentucky. When this bill has passed
I shall move to take up from the Speaker's
table the Senate bill there for the removal of
political disabilities, which contains names
from all the States.
The bill was read. It provides (two thirds
of each House concurring therein) that all
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United States, by reason of participation
in the late rebellion, be, and they are hereby,
removed from the following persons, citizens
of the State of Kentucky: R. P. Allison, Todd
county ; George A. Bates, Kentucky ; J. P.
Bates, Warren county; W. R. Bates, Barren
county ; Ben. Berry, Jefferson county ; Baker
Boyd, Daviess county; E. J. Breckinridge,
Lincoln county; S. P. Breckinridge, Jefferson
county ; S. C. Bryce, McCracken county ; J.
F. Bullitt, Jefferson county; T. L. Burnett,
Jefferson county ; John A. Campbell, Nicholas
county ; James E. Cantrill, Scott county ; W.
M. Cargill, Graves county ; Laudon Carter,
Anderson county; William Carter, Caldwell
county; John Catherwood, Clarke county ;
William H. Clarke, Daviess county; Martin fl.
Cofer, Hardin county ; John B. Cooper, Mor-
gan county; John Couch, Hopkins county ; W.
Cox, Morgan county; T. E. Crutcher, Daviess
county; Philip Darnall, Marshall county; W.
L. Dulaney, Warren county; George B. East-
ing, Jefferson county; W. C. Ellis, Carroll
county ; P. M. Ellison, Calloway county ; John
Ficklin, Montgomery county ; Thomas L. Fos-
ter, Marion county ; J. C. Gilbert, Kentucky ;
W. M. Greenwood and Thomas D. Grundy,
McCraclien county ; Thomas T. Hawkins, Jef-
ferson county ; Thomas H. Hays, Hardin coun-
ty; John T. Hazelieg, Morgan county; Gra-
ham Hughes, Daviess county; Thomas A. Ire-
land, Owen county; John L. Irwin, Marshall
county; George M. Jesse, Henry county ; J. P.
Johnson, Jefferson county; Thomas C. Jones,
Daviess county ; V. H. Jones and P. H. Les-
lie, Barren county; William Lindsay, Hick-
man county; W. T. Love, Kentucky; John B.
Major, Franklin county; D. Matthewson, Cal-
loway county; Clinton McClarty, Jefferson
county; Crawford McClarty, Jefferson county ;
Cyrus McClarty, Jefferson county ; J. B.
McCreary, Madison county; Thomas McEl-
rath, Carroll county; Thomas E. Moore, Bour-
bon county; Charlton Morgan, Jefferson coun-
ty; John 1). Morris, Christian county ; John
C. Noble, McCracken county; Thomas W.
Pickering, Caldwell county; D. L. Price, Fay-
ette county ; E. S. Pryor, Henry county; John
Rodman, Franklin county ; J. H. Roulhac,
Hickman county; J. J. Schoofield, Bracken
county; J. O. Scott, Daviess county; P. S.
Scott, Jefferson county; Benjamin Selby, Henry
county ; A. J. Sisk, Hopkins county ; G. W.
Smith, Franklin county ; J. M. St. John, Ken-
tucky ; D. D. Sublett, Kentucky; JesseS.
Taylor, Union county; John P. Thompson,
Daviess county ; Thomas J. Thorp, Madison
county ; C. S. Todd, Daviess county ; George
W. Triplett, Daviess county; John S. Williams,
Montgomery county.
Mr. KELSEY. I see there are a large
number of the Breckinridge family in this
bill, and 1 should like to ask the gentleman
whether they have petitioned him for the
removal of their disabilities?
Mr. BECK. Every gentleman named in
this bill has petitioned for the removal of his
political disabilities, and every one of those
petitions was before the Committee on Recon-
struction. The only objectionable names were
stricken out of the original bill in the Senate,
and I am sorry they were, but cannot help it
now. One of the most important cases in this
bill was that of Judge Lindsey, who was a dep-
uty sheriff before he was of age. I hope there
will be no objection to this bill, as there is not
a solitary objectionable name in it, so far as
any gentleman has informed the committee.
I know they are all good men.
Mr. KELSEY. What I desire to know is
whether these men have themselves asked to
be relieved of their political disabilities?
Mr. BECK. Every one of them has him-
self asked relief, I assure the House.
The question being taken, the rules were
suspended (two thirds voting in favor thereof)
and the bill was passed.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. BECK. I now move to take up the bill
(S. No. 969) to relieve certain persons therein
named from the legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, and for other
purposes. I move to suspend the rules and
pass the bill.
Mr. HOAR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Several Members. No, no.
Mr. ROOTS. Having voted for the relief
of tliose people in Kentucky, let us vote for all
and pass this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Let the bill be read.
Mr. BECK. The bill was considered by the
Senate and was passed by the Senate nearly a
yearago. There can be, I think, no objection
to it. I move that the rules be suspended so
as to dispense with the reading as well as to
pass the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Are we
to pass a bill without hearing it read ?
The SPEAKER. That is for two thirds of
the House to determine, and not for the Chair.
Mr. PLATT. It is nearly a year since
the bill passed the Senate, and it has been
attempted to smother it in the Reconstruction
Committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It has
never been before the Reconstruction Com-
mittee.
Mr. PLATT. I understood it was.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Never!
never! It never was. You are mistaken.
The question was on suspending the rules
and passing the bill, omitting the reading of
the names contained in it; and being taken,
there were—ayes 86, noes 45 ; two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
Mr. ROOTS. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Smith, of
Tennessee, and Mr. Beck, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 97, noes 04.
Mr. PLATT and Mr. DEGENER called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 103, nays 79, not voting 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Asper, Axtell,
Barnum, Barry, lieck. Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Book-
er, Buck, Buckley, Buichard, Calkin, Churchill,
William'1\ Clark, Conner, Cook, Corker, Cox, Crebs,
Dawes, Degener, Dickinson, Dockory, vox, Duke,
Farnsworth, Finkelnburg. Fisher, Fox, (Jet®, wis-
wold, Haight, Hakleman, Hale. Hambleton, HamiH,
Harris, Hay, Hays, Heflin, Hill, Holman, Jenckes,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kellogg, Kerr,
Ketch.un, Latlin, Lewis, Lynch. Manning, Mar-
shall. Mayham, McCarthy, McCormick, McKee,
McKenzie, MeNeelv, Morey, Morgan, Daniel J. Mor-
relt Morrissey, Myers, Niblack, William W. Paane,
Peck, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Price, Randall.
Reeves, Rice,Sanford, Sargent, Schumaker, Sherrod,
Shober, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Worthmgtoa O.
Smith, Stiles, Stone. Strader, Strickland, bwann,
Sypher,Tillman, Van Auken, Wallace, Wells, Whip-
more. Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, Winchester,
Wood, and Young—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison. Ambler, Armstrong, At-
wood, Ayer, Beaman, Beatty, Bennett, Rl&ir.
Boles, George M. Brooks, Butiinton, Burdett, -ben-
jamin F..Butler, Roderick R. Butler,Cessna.Vlmnsa
Cobb, Coburn, Conger. Oowles, Cullom, Die key,
Nathan F. Dixon, ilonley. Duval, iernss, lorry,
Garfield, Gilfillan, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hour,
Holmes. Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Knapp. Lash,
Logan, Long, Maynard, McCrary, Mcrear, Wi nun
Moore, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, 1 aimer,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser. Rniney Sawyer,
Scofield, Shanks. John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevens, iStevenson, StoleCv., Stough-
tnn Sfrnns- Taffe. Taylor, Townsend, Ivvielieu,
Tyner, Upson, Von Wyck, William B. Washburn.
