1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1247
revenue measure as a war measure, and I did
bo wiiliout any reference at nil to the qupsiion
of the income tax. One word more upon that
subject I must say that I should hear with
great actual regret that the masses of the
people. the laboring masses in any district of
this Union, hail by their votes sanctioned the
release from taxation of that wealth which is
only reached by the income tax. I should
regard it as a vote liy which the laboring
masses indicated a preference that the whole
burden of the Government should rest upon
their shoulders rather than that the accumu-
lated wealth—the capitalized wealth of the
country—should bear its just proportion of the
burden necessary to the support of the Gov-
ernment.
I hold that the true democratic theory of
Government is that properly is (be legitimate
subject of taxation. It ia so for an exceed-
ingly clear reason, and that is that Govern-
ment is mainly engaged in protecting the rights
of property. Government is supported in the
main in the interest of vested rights of prop-
erty more than in the interest of rights of
person. The whole machinery of Govern-
ment is employed in protecting the rights of
property, and it would be strange indeed that
the people of a country like ours should reach
the conclusion that the accumulated capital
of the nation, which the Government is em-
ployed in protecting, should be relieved from
the burden of supporting that Government,
and that labor should bear an unwonted por-
tion of the burden. Mr. Speaker, in myjuclg
ment the income tax, upon any reasonable
theory of government, is the most just and
equitable tax that is paid. It would be so,
sir, in any Government. It is especially so in
ours, for the reasons which have been so well
expiessed u_v my two friends from Ohio [Mr.
Beatty and Mr. Morgan] this evening.
Here is a vast amount of wealth, unemployed
in the active pursuits of the industry of this
country, relieved from most of the burdens of
the taxation of th:s country. And the prop-
osition to repeal this income tax of two and
• a half per cent., mild as it is, is a proposition
to relieve the income of that vast amount of
accumulated and capitalized wealth from any
burden whatever.
Now, I hold that the true doctrine of the
Democratic party of this country, and not only
of the Democratic party but of the whole
country, is that wealth should bear its equit-
able proportion of the burden of upholding
the agencies of the Government, which give
wealth its value, and which protects its pos-
session and enjoyment. And to throw this
burden upon labor, practically for the relief
of capitalized wealth, is clearly and manifestly
'unjust.
I honor the Secretary of the Treasury for
the position he occupies before the country, a
position in which I believe he has the sympa-
thy of every laboring man, in maintaining that
this is not an unreasonable burden, but, one
which capital ought to cheerfully bear in view
of its many exemptions from the burdens of
the Government; a burden which it ought not
to seek to throw off its own shoulders and to
place upon the shoulders of labor.
Mr BOOKEIl. If 1 understood my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stiles] correctly, he
announced in the reuiatks he has made to Uie
House this evening that he was in favor of
altogether abolishing the income tax. I see
from the report, of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury I hat the amount of revenue expected to be
derived from the income tax is about thirteen
million dollars.
Mr. HOL.MAN. I think it is generally tin
derstood that the effect of the bill proposed
to be brought before the House by the gen
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. HooPJSlt,]
the chairman of the Committee of Ways ami
Means., to lepeal the income tax would be to
reduce the revenues of the country about thir-
teen million dollars. Now, it is clear that the
Government, cannot dispense with that, tax of
S13.000.000, which is about all the tax wlm-h
is paid by a large portion of the wealth of this
Country, without putting that amount, of addi-
tional taxation upon some form of industry.
I wish to call the attention of my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stiles] to the fact that if
that tax is taken off of capital it must be put
upon some form of industry, it must come in
some form directly from absolute labor: for 1
believe it is not expected that we can submit
to that reduction of the revenues of the country.
Mr. BOOKER. What is the cost of col-
lecting that 813 000.000?
Mr. HOLMAN. Only about half a -million
dollars. It is a proposition to relieve capital
from a tax of 513,000.000, the cost of col-
lecting which is only about half a million
dollars. 11 is a net loss to the Government of
$12,500,000, to be made up by imposing taxes
upon labor in some of its various forms.
And my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stiles] should remember another thing: ihat
a portion of this S13,000.000 comes from cor
porations, especially from national banking
corporations, that are more able to bear tax-
ation than any other interest in this country.
I believe myself that a very great mistake, if
not an absolute act of injustice to the laboring
interests of this country, was committed when
Congress at its last session reduced the tax on
incomes from five per cent, to two and a half
per cent. A tax of five per. cent, was not an
unreasonable or a burdensome tax. A citizen
is well able upon his income of over two thou-
sand dollars, which $2,000 will furnish his
family with all the common necessaries of
life, to pay a tax of five per cent. The burden
is one which does not ia.ll heavily upon him.
Lie pays it out of the accumulated capital in
his possession, and in the right of which he is
upheld by every agency of the Government.
And there is another thing which is very
much to be considered in this country. The
vast body of the wealth out of which this
S13,000,000 of tax is derived is artificial
wealth, not the kind of wealth which is dug
out of the earth. Jt is not the kind of wealth
that is gained by hard blows struck upon the
auvil. It is artificial wealth, springing outof
the structure of our social life, out of our
forms of political existence. It is a kind of
wealth which bears more heavily upon labor
than any other form of wealth. By its very
nature it tends to centralize itself in the hands
of a few. Natural wealth diffuses itself through
all classes of society; the farmer, the mechanic,
the man of affairs accumulate each his portion.
This artificial wealth which should pay this
$13,000,000 of taxation i*, from its very nature,
concentrated in the hands of a few. This
capitalized wealth is drawn from the pursuits
of industry, and to say that it shall be exempt
from its proper burden, and that by this ex-
emption the burden upon labor shall be in-
creased, is, in my judgment, with due defer-
ence to the opinions of gentlemen who differ
with me, as unjust a proposition as was ever
made in a legislative body.
Mr. BOOKEIl. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stiles]
one question. If the income tax be abolished,
from what source of taxation does he propose
to derive the $13,000,000 now paid into the
Treasury in the form of income tax ?
Mr. STILES. ''Sufficient unto the day is
the evil thereof."
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose the next step
would be to relieve the banks from all taxa-
tion.
Mr. NEGLEY. If there is a deficiency by
reason of the repeal of the income tax, let it
be made tip from duties on imports.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to say a word on this subject of the income
tax. It has been represented all over the
country that, one half the revenue arising from |
this tax will be expended in its collection ; and I
a recent number of one of the New York pic- j
torial papers contains a wood-cut illustrating
this idea.
My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stiles]
substantially reiterates this same statement.
Why. sir, let ine say that by reference to the
last annual report of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue itwill.be seen, on p,ige 5, that
the income lax for the last fiscal year amounted
to $37,578,187. By the recent reduction in
the rate about thirteen million dollars of that
amount wiii be taken off for the current and
for the next fiscal year; and the annual in-
come tax will be, in round numbers, about
twenty five million dollars. Will it cost one
half of that amount to collect this tax ? Why,
sir, the whole of the internal revenues of the
country, according to the last annual report
of the Seeretarv of ihe Treasury, page 18, is
collected for $7,234.531, including the taxes
on spirits, tobacco, licenses, incomes, and all
other internal taxes. Now that we have taken
off the license tax, and abolished many other
taxes, the aggregate expense of collecting the
whole revenues of the country will be largely
diminished. I undertake to say that it will
not cost $500,000 annually to collect the in-
come tax. The income tax will be collected
at a less cost in proportion to the amount
collected than any other tax of the country.
While the tax on spirirs, tobacco, and other
sources of internal revenue are continued, the *
proper officers to collect these internal tax«-s
must be retained. The official machinery will
exist, therefore, whether the income tax is
retained or not, and the collection of the
income tax will add but little to the expense
of maintaining the revenue officers.
It is a tax which for the present at least
ought to be retained. If men who have
incomes of $2,000 and over, after paying
their taxes, charges for insurance, repairs,
&c., cannot pay a tax upon their incomes>
who can pay taxes?
Mr. NEGLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes, sir.
Mr. NEGLEY. As the gentleman is a
learned lawyer, will he state whether in his
opinion this is a constitutional tax?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, it would
not be possible for me in what is left of this
evening's session to go into a grave constitu-
tional question like that.
Mr. S TILES. Thegentleman has an opinion
on the subject; let him state it.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I have studied thissub-
ject. I have read some very able arguments
upon it. I say it is tolerably late in the day,
as well as late in the evening, [laughter,] to
raise tlmt question now.
Mr. JJOLMAN. Particularly after the con-
stitutionality of the tax has been acquiesced in
for years.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes, as my friend from
Indiana suggests, after its constitutionality has
been tacitly admitted for years.
Mr. STILES. When this income tax was
originally imposed, was it not expressly de-
clared by Congress that the tax should end in
1870? Was there not at that time a virtual
contract between the people and the Govern-
ment, which thegentleman from Ohio and his
party and the Administration now in power
are violating ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Spedker, the Con-
gress which enacted the first internal revenue
law could not make a contract in relation to
taxation binding this Congress. If tlita Con-
gress deems it prudent to continue the income
tax it is our duty to do it; because no past
Congress could bind this Congress to any line
of conduet other than that dictated by the
interest of the people.
I ain proud, Mr. Speaker, of that party with
which I have been associated for so many
years. I say to my friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stilus] that it has achieved more for
the good of the country than all the parties
which ever before existed in this country.
