1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
wood, Bailey, Barry, Beatty, Biggs, Binghnm, Booker,
George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley .JJuffinton, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Churchill, William T7 Clark, Clinton
L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cowles, Degener, Dickey,
Donley, Ela, 3?erriss, Fisher, Getz, Gilfillan, Gris-
wold, ilaight, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hamilton,
Harris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hoar, Jenekes, Judd, Ju-
lian, Kelley.Kelsey, Kerr, Ketch am, linapp, Laiiin,
Lawrence. Lewis. Mayham, McCarthy, McGrew,
McKee, Mercur, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell,
Myers, Negley. Niblack. O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Packer, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Porter,
Prosser, Rainey, Randall, Rice, Rogers, Roots, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Shober,
John A. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stoughton, Strong, Swann, Taylor. Tillman, Town-
send, Twichell, Tyner, Upson. Van Trump,Voorhees,
Ca4walstder C-.Washburn, Welker, Wheeler.Wil-
lard. Williams, Eugene M. Wilson, John T. W ilson,
and Winans—-102.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer,
Axtell, Ayer, Banks, Barnum, Beaman, Bennett,
Benton, Blair, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, Burdett, Benja-
min P. Butler, Cake, Cessna. Sidney Clarke, Cleve-
land, Covode, Cox, Cullom, Darrall, Dawes, Joseph.
Dixon, Nathan I1. Dixon, Dockery, Dox, Duke,
Duval, Dyer, Ferry, Fitch, Garfield, Hale, Hays,
Heilin, Hill, Hoge, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Kellogg, Knott, Lash, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch,
Manning. Maynard, McCrary, McKenzie, McNeely,
Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, More.v, Morphis, Samuel
P. Morrill, Morrissey, Nevvsham, Paine, Peck, Piatt,
Pomeroy, Potter, Sanford, Schumnker, Scofield,
Porter Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Stiles, Stokes, Stone, Strader,
Strickland, Sweeney, Sypher, Taffe, Tanner, Van
Auken, Wallace. Ward. William B. Washburn,
"Whitmore, Wilkinson, Witcher, Wolf, and Wood-
ward—94.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GRISWOLD moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The House divided : and there were—ayes
48, noes 84.
Mr. GRISWOLD demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question next recurred on the follow-
ing, moved as a substitute by Mr. Morrell,
of Pennsylvania, for the amendment of Mr.
Sargent:
Add after the word ''commission" in the ninth
line of the seventh section the words :
Provided, That the total sum to be expended by
said commission lor all purposes whatever shall
not exceed 850,000 a year up to January, 1876, and
during the year 187(3 skull not exceed $250,000, or a
total sum of $500,000 during the entire existence of
the commission.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question next recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Sargent, as follows :
Strike out all after the word "commissioner" in
lino two, section seven, and insert " or other officers
provided by this act from the Treasury of the United
States so it will read:
Sko 7. And he it further enacted, That no com-
pensation for services shall be paid to the commis-
sioners or other officers provided by this act from the
Treasury of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered tobe
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
messag1j mom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
soy, one ofits clerks, announced that that body
had passed a bill (S. No. 859) revising the
laws relative to the mints, assay offices, and
coinage of the United States, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence
was granted to Mr. Smith, of Vermont, for
one week, and to Mr. Lawiiexce for six days
from to-day.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move that the
House adjourn ; but yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Asper] to report
a bill.
san joss military reservation.
Mr. ASPER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 2688) for the relief of the former
occupants of the military reservation at Point
San Jos6, in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, and for other purposes; and moved that
the bill be recommitted to the same committee,
and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ASPER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, it was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BRADFORD : The petition of the
settlers on the military reservation of Camp
Collins, in Colorado, asking for the vacation
of said reservation.
By Mr. DAWES : The petition of the Sun
Mutual Insurance Company, Mercantile Mu-
tual Insurance Company, New York Mutual
Insurance Company, of New York, aad China
Mutual Insurance Company, of Boston, Mas-
sachusetts, for a rehearing of claim for loss
per bark Caldera, &e.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio : The remon-
strance of Mary C. Gaston and 306 others,
women of Ohio, protesting against woman
suffrage.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts : The
petition of domestic woolen manufacturers to
equalize the tariff on all foreign wool.
By Mr. KERR: The petition of Dr. Wil-
liam W. Speirs, of Scott county, Indiana, late
assistant surgeon United States Army, for pay
as assistant surgeon during the time he was
imprisoned in a rebel prison and from date of
his commission.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: A memorial
of Vessel Owners' and Captains' Association
of Pennsylvania, and other persons interested
in American shipping.
By Mr. ROG13RS: A petition for a mail
route from Mooningsport, Louisiana, to Rondo,
in the State of Arkansas.
By Mr. UPSON : The petition of Eleanor
Miller, for pension.
By Mr. WILLARD : The petition of Albert
W. Gray, of Middletown, Vermont.
By Mr. WINANS: A memorial of the Gov-
ernor and other State officers of Ohio, and
eighty six members of the bar, prominent citi-
zens, and business men and firms of the city
of Columbus, Ohio, praying the passage of
the pending bill for a new judicial district in
Ohio.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 11, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
the lincoln statue.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents a letter from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, stating that the statue ordered by the act
of July 28,1866, of Abraham Lincoln, by Miss
Vinnie Ream, has been examined by him and
has been completed to his entire satisfaction ;
and that he has instructed the architect of the
Capitol to take charge of it, and recommend-
ing an appropriation of $5,000 to pay the re-
maining installment due to her. This letter
will be printed and referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
ocean telegraph cables. j
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the 1
Senate the following concurrent. resolution
of the House of Representatives:
Whereas several propositions relating to the con-
struction of lines of ocean cables from the shoresQi
the United States to the shores of foreign countries
have been made in botb Houses of Congress, and re-
ferred to several and different committees of Uio
same: Therefore,
lie it resolved by the House of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring,) That all bills, resolutions, peti-
tions, and papers whatsoever now before Congress
or any committee of either IIouse or that may here-
after be oifered, relating to the subject of ocean ca-
bles, be, and are hereby, referred to a joint commit-
tee of five on the part of the Senate and eight on the
part of the House, to be appointed by the Presiding
Officers of the two Houses, respectively, with power
to call for persons and papers, and to report at any
time, by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
concur in that resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that resolution
will be referred to some committee of this body.
I move its reference to the Committee on Com-
mores.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the resolution?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a concur-
rent resolution of the House of Representa-
tives, proposing a joint committee of Senators
and Representatives, to which committee shall
be referred all bills, petitions, and papers rela-
tive to oceanic cables.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will change my motion
and move the reference of the resolution to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon moves concurrence in the resolution,
and the Senator from Michigan- moves that it
be referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, which latter motion has pri-
ority. The question is on the reference.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose the Senate is
as well prepared to consider the question in-
volved in this resolution at this time as it will
be at any future time. What the object can be
of referring to one committee a resolution that
proposes to raise another is more than I can
understand. I introduced a similar resolution
to this a few weeks ago, and at the instance of
Senators I suffered it to lie on the table, so that
parties could be prepared, when the resolution
was called up, to discuss it and give their rea-
sons for objecting to its passage. This resolu-
tion has passed the House of Representatives,
and has come here to the Senate, and I think
it is unusual to refer a resolution of this kind.
All that it proposes to do is to raise a joint
committee, consisting of eight members of
the House of Representatives and five of the
Senate, for the purpose of considering these
various propositions.
I hold in my hand eighteen different bills that
have been submitted to Congress in reference
to communication by telegraph, and particu-
larly in reference to ocean telegraphs. These
different bills have been referred to different
committees; and it is impossible, it seems to
me, to reach any definite conclusion in refer-
ence to this subject unless the whole matter
is referred to a joint committee. Then each
person interested in a bill can appear before
that committee and make such representations
as he sees proper as to his plans, and the dif-
ferent plans can be compared, the one with the
other, and the best one selected and reported
to both branches of Congress. In that way
there is some probability of reaching some
result in reference to these matters. But while
these bills are pending as they are, some before
one committee and some before another, it will
be impossible to accomplish anything, and the
condition of telegraphing in this country and
between our shores and foreign countries will
remain as it now is, manifestly inadequate to
the wants of the people, and not what is gen-
erally desired. I hope, therefore, that the Sen-
ate will act upon this resolution ; either reject
it or adopt it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I would request the Sen-
ator from Michigan to change his motion so
as to refer this matter to the Committee- on
Foreign Relations. That is more appropriate
probably.
