1250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
BILLS INTRODUCED^
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1342) granting to tlie Utah Southern Rail-
road Company a right of way through the pub-
lic lands for the construction of a railroad and
telegraph; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No,
1343) for the relief of Moses Brooks; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
NEWSPAPER REPORTS OF SENATE DEBATES.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unan-
. imous consent, ancl agreed to:
ReBolved, That the select Committee on Rule? be
instructed to inquire whether any, and if so, what
facilities and measures can be adopted to insure
correct and impartial reports in the public journals
of the proceedings of the Senate, and to report by
bill or otherwise.
REGULATION OF RAILROADS.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to consider the expediency of providing
by law for the regulation of railroads in the United
States, bo as to prevent the loss of human life and
to promote the safety of passengers.
VESSELS 01? WAll IN DOMINICAN WATERS.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution j which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
directed to communicate to the Senate a_copy of
theinstructions to the commander of the ship Ten-
nessee on her present cruise; also the names of
the United States ships of war in the waters of
the island of St. Domingo since the commencement
of the recent negotiation with Dominica, together
with the armaments of such ships.
INDIAN CLAIMS IN OREGON.
Mr. CORBETT. I olfer the following reso-
lution of inquiry, and ask for its present con-
sideration :
Resolved, That the Third Auditor of the Treasury
be directed to furnish to the Senate at the next ses-
sion of Congress a list of all claims that may be on
file in his ofhco incurred in thesupprcssion of Indian
hostilities in Oregon and Washington Territories not
reported or acted upon by the commission author-
ized in section eleven of an act making appropri-
ations for certain civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1857, approved
August 18,1856, and report how much, if anything,
each claimant will be justly entitled to if settled
upon the same basis as those reported upon by said
commission.*
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest that that resolu-
tion ought to be addressed to the head of the
Department instead of to the Third Auditor.
It is unusual to address a resolution of inquiry
to a subordinate officer.
Mr. CORBETT. These claims are on file
in the Third Auditor's office, and he was
authorized by the law referred to in the reso-
lution to examine and report the amount justly
due to the parties; and therefore I supposed
that it was proper to address this inquiry to
him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from Oregon to change the reso-
lution so as to direct it to the head of the
Department, in order to conform to the uni-
form precedents of the Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon modifies the resolution accordingly,
and the question is on the resolution as mod-
ified.
The resolution was adopted.
VSE OF ARMY AND NAVY IN THE STATES.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ami to have the resolu-
tion which I offered some time ago in regard to
the employment of the military and naval forces
of the United States at elections taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] gave notice yesterday
of his desire to occupy nearly half an hour of
the morning hour to-day.
Mr. CASSERLY. This is merely a resolu-
tion of inquiry. Of course if it leads to debate
I shall not press it against the notice of the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. I made a motion a little
while ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana made a motion, and the Chair must
propound that question to the Senate first if
he insists upon it.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from Indi-
ana claims the benefit of his notice, of course
I will not insist on ray motion.
t The VICE PRESIDENT. And also a mo-
tion that he made this morning, but yielded
for morning business.
Mr. CASSERLY. This is a mere resolution
of inquiry, however.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sen-
ator from Indiana yield if the resolution of
the Senator from California gives rise to
no debate?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California asks the Senate to proceed to the
consideration of a resolution which will be read.
If it gives rise to debate, he gives notice that
he will withdraw it.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be, and hereby is, requested to transmit to the Sen-
ate, if not incompatible with the public interests,
the following information:
1. When and where, since March 4,18G9, the Army
or Navy of the UnitedStates. orany portion thereof,
has been employed to aid the civil power, State or
Federal, either by enforcing revenue laws or assist-
ing in any manner at State or Federal elections, or
contests arising out of the same, or preserving the
public peace, (exeept in what are known as Indian
disturbances.) or in maintaining the neutrality laws
of the United States, or in any way whatever other
than in the guarding and preservation of forts,
posts, and the places and property of the United
States.
2. On whoso request, advice, or representation,
either verbal or written, the Army or Navy was
thus employed in each case, together with copies of
all letters, dispatches, or papers from Government
officers or civilians which are in possession of the
Executive, or any of its Departments or bureaus,
advising, asking, or justifying such employment.
3. Complete copies of all orders, dispatches, requisi-
tions, approvals, or reports made in each case, either
by the President, the Secretary of War, the Secre-
tary of the Navy, or any military or naval officer,
together with a statement of what were the disposi-
tions, in detail, madoof the Army and Navy in each
case; and what orders were issued for such disposi-
tions, and for the arming and other preparation of
said Army and Navy, with copies of all reports
made of what took place under the aforesaid orders,
dispatches, requisitions, or approvals, and of any
information respecting the same.
4. An estimate in each ca^c of what was or will be
the probable cost to the Government, of such em-
ployment of the military or naval forces, including
the pay and rations of officers and men, and the
transportation of them, their arms, munitions, and
supplies.
5. A copy of all orders or regulations, printed or
written, general or special, in force in the military
or naval service of this Government at the present
time, prescribing the circumstances under which the
Army or Navy, or any portion thereof, may, in time'
of peace, move or otherwise act in aid of the civil
power, and ordaining what civil officer, if anv, shall
be responsible for the conduct of the military or
naval forces toward the people, or for injuries
inflicted by them on the people on such occasions
in violation of the law of the land.
6. What civil officers of the United States, or of
any Stato, have been, sinco March 4,1869, or are
now recognized by the Administration as having
authority, otherwise than by the requisition of the
Legislature or Governor of a Stato, to call upon the
President, or, directly withouthis intervention, upon
a commander in the Army or Navy, for the services
of the Army and Navy, upon the ground of executing
the laws of the United States or of a State, or of reg-
ulating elections or the registration of voters, or of
preserving the public pcace, within thelimits of any
State of the Union; and whether or not, when such
commander is so called upon by a civil officer of the
United States, or of a State, he is permitted to make
independent inquiry into the circumstances of the
case, or to exercise his own discretion as to the
necessity and extent of the military or naval ser-
vices to be rendered by the forcea under his com-
mand.
Mr. HOWARD. Before acting oa that res-
olution I wish to see it in print,
Mr. MORTON. That resolution will lead
to debate.
Mr. HOWARD. It will lead to debate ;
and I hope it will lie over.
Mr. WILSON. I move that it be printed.
Mr. HOWARD. I object to its consider-
ation now.
Mr. MORTON, I call for a vote on the
motion I made.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire merely to state
that this resolution has been here for a great
many weeks in print. Of course, after what I
stated—and if I had not stated it, in view of
the wish ofthe Senator from Indiana—I should
not undertake to press this resolution nov.
But it ought to be disposed of, and I shall
endeavor to get it up to-morrow.
FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT.
Mr. MORTON. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the joint
resolution ofthe Legislature of Indiana.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Secretary to read
the resolution.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Joint resolution of the Legislature of Indiana, with-
drawing its assent to the ratification of the fifteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution.
Whereas it is provided by the fifth section of the
fourth article of the constitution of Indiana thatthf*
number of senators and representatives shall ho
apportioned anion? the several counties " accord.i.-?
to the number ot white male inhabitants ab' vo
twenty-one years of age in each and whereas l>y
section twoof the second article of said constituriou
the elective franchise is conferred upon and limited
to "white male citizens of the United States of the
ago ot twenfv-one years and upward, who shall
have resided in the Stato six months preceding the
election," and "white males of foreign birth ot tLio
age of twenty-one years and upward, who shall
have resided in the United States one year and in
this State six months immediately preceding tho
election, and shall have declared their intention to
become citizens ofthe United States and wneivi?
it is provided by the fifth section of said article t svo
of said constitution that no "negro or mulatto shall
have the right of suffrage;" and whereas at the ie-
cent general election in this State, in the year 3^70,
large numbers of negroes and mulattocs, amounting
to seven thousand or more, voted for State and
county officers, members ofthe State Legislature, and
members of Congress, under and by authority ot the
so-calJcd fifteenth amendment to the Constitution
oftheUnitedStates; and whereas thesaid pretended
fifteenth amendment was never legally ratih d or
assented to by the State of Indiana, not having bem
at any time submitted to a convention ofthe people,
but only to the State Legislature, wherein the s nd
fifteenth amondmentwas only voted on in the sea t'-i
by twenty-eight senators, namely, twenty-seven m
the affirmative and one in the negative—being 1cm
than a quorum under the constitution; and voted
on in the house of representatives by fifty-seven rep-
resentatives, namely, fifty-four in the affirmantso
and three in the negative—being less than a quorum
under the constitution of the State; and where.'.-*
by the sixth section of the act of Congress appiovM
April 10, 1869, entitled "An act authorizing tho
snbmission of the constitution of Virginia, Mis-
sissippi. and Texas to a vote of the people, and
authorizingthe election of State officers, provided l>v
the said constitutions and members of Congre>-, '
itis provided and required "that before tho Stat"*
of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas shall be admitted
to representation in Congress their several in-
latures, which may be hereafter lawfully organized,
shall ratity the fifteenth article which has been pio-
posed by Congress to the several States as anameud-
mcntto the Constitution of the UnitedStates: ;>;id
whereas by the eighth section of the act of Cungi un-
approved December22,1869, entitled "An aetto pro-
mote the reconstruction of theStatcofGeoigia," itis
provided and required "that the Legislature shall
ratify the fifteenth amendment proposed to the Con-
stitution ot the United States before Senators ami
Representatives fruiu Georgia arc admitted to scats
in Congress and whereas the only ratification of
said fifteenth amendment by the said Stnn-s ot Vir-
ginia, Mississippi, Texas, and Georgia, respectively
was made and done by Legislatures of said SUte.-
under the duress and operation of said acts of Con-
gress: and whereas the said fifteenth amendment
has not received the necessary ratification by tlneo
fourths of the bratcs ot the Union, if tho said States
ot Mississippi, \ irginia. Texas, (Georgia, and Indi-
ana are or had been counted as having failed or
refused to absent thereto, as of right they slmuid
be counted: and whereas the constitutional right to
regulate suffrage, incase said fifteenth amendment
shall have failed to receive the necessary ratifica-
tion. belongs, under the Constitution of the United
States, to the States respectively, and is impliedly
recognized in the fourteenth amendment thereto;
therefore,
_ Resolved^ hy the (general Awemhly of the of
Indiana, That the pretended ratification of the fif-
teenth amendment proposed to the Constitution of
