1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Joh,n H. Benham,
jr., second lieutenant United Spates infantry,
asking payment for property destroyed by fire
while m the service of the United States at
Austin, Texas, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. The same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (S. No. 870) for the
relief of the United States Express Company,
have instructed me to report back a substitute
for the original bill, accompanied by a supple-
mental report. I ask that the supplemental
report and substitute be printed, and that the
substitute be placed on the Calendar in place
of the original bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator to report a new bill.
The bill (S. No. 1193) for the relief of the
United States Express Company was read and
passed to the second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 887) for the relief of Rebecca J. Shep-
herd, of Philadelphia, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY. The same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of It. S. M.
Hunter, praying compensation for services
rendered in obtaining information of the late
rebel army for the use of General Sherman
on his march from Atlanta and Savannah,
have instructed me to make an adverse report.
I ask that the report be printed. I understand
that the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Sfenueii]
takes some interest in this case, and I ask that
the report be placed on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar.
Mr. ItOSS, from the Committee on Mines
and Mining, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1092) to create a fund, to be known as
"the mineral land fund," and for other pur-
poses, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. ROSS. The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1117) to authorize the appointment of a com-
mission to investigate claims arising from dep-
redations committed by or upon Indians in
Kansas, have instructed me to report it back
-with an amendment in the nature of a substi-
tute; and I give notice now that I shall seek
the floor to-morrow morning for the purpose
of calling up this bill for action by the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1191) to amend an act entitled "An act
exempting from taxes certain property in the
District of Columbia," and to amend the act
for the creation of corporations in the Di-triet
of Columbia by general law, approved June
17, 1870; which Avas read twice by. its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1195) for the relief of D. J. Pow-
ers ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Patents, and ordered to
be printed.
MISSISSIPPI LEVEES.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ifthere is no further morn-
ing business, in pursuance of my notice  
The VICE PRESIDENT". The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that the Sen-
ator from Mississippi gave notice that he desired
to make some remarks this morning on the
bill in relation to levees. He has not yet
claimed the floor, however.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like the action
of tho Senate in regard to the bill (H. R.^No.
24,11) ceding certain jurisdiction to the State
of Ohio. It relates to the Soldier's Home in
Ohio. The Senator from Mississippi himself
.will see the importance of acting on that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrora.
Ohio moves  
Mr. SHERMAN. I am informed that my
colleague, who takes an interest,in this, is sick.
So I will not press the motion at present.
Mr. REVELS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
1136) to aid in the repairs and construction of
levees iu the State of Mississippi.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
Mr. REVELS. Mr. President, a few days
prior to the recess of Congress I presented
the resolutions passed by the Legislature of
Mississippi during its last session, prayihg for
an appropriation of $2,000,000 from the pub-
lic Treasury and a grant of land of five mil-
lion acres from the public domain for the
rebuilding of the levees of the Mississippi river.
At or about the same time I introduced, for
the accomplishment of that purpose, the bill
which is now before the Senate, and I then
gave notice that at an early day I would call
up the bill and briefly state the claims on
which the action of Mississippi is founded.
Sir, there is no staple, I believe, that forms'
a more prominent and important element in
the commercial industry of the nation at large,
and of the South particularly, than the cotton
interest. By common consent, as it were, this
great medium of national wealth o.nce assumed
so extraordinary a place in our political econ-
omy as to be regarded in point of commercial
power as king of the industrial pursuits of
the nation. In this restricted sense, may not
the phrase " king cotton " still speak of the
magnitude and importance ofthe cotton-grow-
ing interest of the whole country? Let me, in
view of the unlimited weight which the culture
and production of cotton give to the scales of
the nation's wealth, refer to some facts which
are familiar perhaps to those who have given
any attention to the cotton markets of the
world.
But three countries may be said to possess
sufficient power to enter into competition with
us in the product of cotton, and if the question
of labor adjusts itself iu the other' southern
cotton-producing States as it has done in Mis-
sissippi I do not hesitate to hazard the opin-
ion that this land will again win back its
supremacy in the cotton markets of the world,
and will wield, other things being equal, an
undivided commercial power for all time to
come.
Egypt, Brazil, and India, taking advantage
of the disastrous results which our long inter-
necine struggle afforded, have developed their
resources to iheir fullest capacity, and although
during the blockade English manufacturing
rivals controlled the cotton market, I cannot
but believe that the mastery of this great ele-
ment in the commerce of the world is within
our grasp if the South, in her impoverished
condition, is granted the aid from the nation's
Treasury which she now seeks.
Every phase of the cotton question points
out the magnificent advantages which this
nation holds for maintaining its place as master
in the markets of the world; and this supremacy
it must control at all risks if the industry of
the South be a subject of watchful care with
those who shape the legislation upon which,
indeed, in a large measure the whole industrial
interests of that section of our land depend.
Among the cotton-producing countries ofthe
world which bear their share in the race of com-
petition, the smallest, perhaps, is Egypt.
Previous to the war the South hardly looked
with jealous eyes upon the part which Egypt
was capable of taking in the rivalry of cotton
exportation to England; but at this day she is
altogether the most insignificant of our rivals,
and but for the combination of European man-
ufacturers against the southern coiton interest
I would not waste words in dwelling, even tor
a moment, on the facilities, such as they are,
which Egypt may .seem to possesj.
Again, I mention them^on^y tQ exhibits by
comparison the superiority of t-he Southrove?
every other country for the. production of
cotton. , . . ,
First, then, Egypt has only about fiVe hun-
dred miles of arable land along the Nile which
can be made at all producti.ve of cotton, and
its productiveness is in the main due to arti-
ficial aids rather than to suitable soil or cli-
mate, The irrigation which nature has given
the entire South in the vast system of arteries
fed by the rivers which wind themselves from
one side of our continent to the other is almost
wholly wanting in Egypt. What natures does
for the culture of cotton with us is performed,
in Egypt by manual toil; water being carried
from the Nile in order to supply defects almost
insuperable in the irrigation of the soil.
Despite such barriers in the way of cotton-
growing, Egypt exported to England in 1863-04
257,102 bales, but two years later a decline
began, for the exportation amounted to 1G7,G00
bales. Never in the history of the cotton in-
terests of Egypt am I able to find the number
of bales.exported so large, and since.the elope
of the late war, and a.s the people of the Soulh
again turned their attention to the pursuits (if
peace, the decline of exportation of cotton frtm
Egypt to England is patent and significant. ,
Brazil stands next as affecting our cotton ia-
terest, and here the cultivators of the plant are
met with natural obstacles as iu Egypt. South
America is proverbial for the myriads qf in-
sects of endless variety and description whifh
impregnate the atmosphere, so to speak, alossg
her coasts, in the dense woods, and over the
arable fields of the interior of the country. 1 o
use the language of a noted English writei',
Mrs. Somerville—
"Xho quantity of insects is so great in tho woods
that their noise is often heard in a ship anchored
some distance from the shore."
The same author, in speaking of the invasion
of locusts, describes it as—
"Under the guidance of a leader, in a mass so dense
that it forms a cloud in the air, and the sound of their
wings is like the murmur of the dit.ati 11 oa/'—J-'Iiuh-
ical Geography, English edition, page 39S,
On the destructive effects to the cotton plant
of these teeming millions of insects and worms,
some of which are scarcely visible to the naked
eye, I need place no special emphasis, as it must
be apparent to all. In addition to the fearfal
havoc at times made by the infinitesimal inhab-
itants of the air, a no less formidable enemy to
the growth of cotton is found in the very e e-
ments themselves. Crossing South America, as
the trade winds do, they bear in their bos<. m
such a volume of water that when it falls I he
rain is not only of long duratiou and of ex-
cessive quantity, but often surcharges itself at
that very season which proves most disastrous
to the cotton crop.
In view of such unconquerable disadvantajj es
for the cultivation ofthe cotton plantip Brtuiil,
it is surprising that in 1864 about 212,192 bat es
were exported to England, and in 1807 upwa/d
of 400,000 bales, each bale weighing probably
one hundred and seventy-odd pounds. Sucli,
then, are the results that even Brazil can boatt,
laboring, as I have shown, under natural influ-
ences which, if they existed but a tithe in ex-
tent in the cotton-growing States of the South,
would discourage all but the rich capitalints
of the country from ventures at best doubtlul
and precarious. Certainly the poor men and
the freedmen would hesitate in grappling with
such difficulties and encountering such risks.
From South America 1 turn to India, known
for many centuries as the richest cotton grow-
ing country, excepting, perhaps, our own, of
the world. Here, at a period of time which
goes back beyond the veiitable records of his-
1 tory into the dim and uncertain realm of tradi-
j tion, cotton was cultivated and manufactured
| into such articles of clothing as the climate
i and the exigencies of its inhabitants required.
| And even in our day a respectable authority
' on all quesl'ons appertaining to the culture ot
! cotton in India, Mr. J. A. B. Money, a resident
