426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 113
of Calcutta, remarks that the population of
India is about one hundred and eighty millions,
and that- each inhabitant averages the con-
sumption of nearly twenty pounds of every
cotton crop for his own domestic use. If this
statement be true, and I see no good reason
to doubt it, one can realize in a moment the
enorraouS crops which India yearly yields,
making it,' too, the great supplier of the fac-
tories of Great Britain. India is, beyond the
shadow of all cavil and conjecture, the great
cotton rival of the South, and against the dom-
inant influence of England in India over the
cotton trade, and the power that she exercises
in the cotton markets of the world, the cotton
planters of the United States must meet in
competition.
I maintain that in this competition the South
is made for the mastery, for, be the production
of cotton in India as great as Mr. Money's
statement makes it, there are even in India
impediments in the way of the culture of the
plant which do not exist in the cotton-growing
States of the South. Although India is not
wanting in a large volume of water for pur-
poses of irrigation, for the Ganges and Indus
supply all in this respect which the character
of its soil, aside fioni cotton culture, may
require, yet the distribution is not so general
and not so admirably fitted for the safety and
security of the growth of cotton as in the
southern States. Aside from this, too, at the
South we have incomparable advantages as to
climate, ours being far less capricious than
that of India; and again, we are free from
the continuous tropical rains which so often
damage the cotton crop. Like Egypt, India
has to resort to artificial means of irrigation,
and the estimates for the same in 1868-69 in
the India budget of 1867-68 are £827,000, or
$4,135,000.
If I deemed itTiecessary I might dwell at
some length on the differences as to quality
produced on a fixed number of acres in India
compared with an equal number in the South.
So, too, I could refer to the greater labor
in preparing India cotton for manufacture,
and the more expensive care attending it in
the mills, such as machinery, &c. But I may
remark that upon all these questions 1 believe
the cotton producers of the United States have
by all odds undisputed advantages, and I base
my opinion upon the following figures:
The exportation of cotton to England from
India in 18C2 were 1,169,390 bales ; in 1866,
1,848,000 bales, Being a gain in four years of
G78,610 bales. And, Mr. President, this gain
must be viewed in the light which the history
of our country for this period affords. The
greater part of this time the nation at home
was struggling under the gigantic weight of a
war which taxed the resources of the country
almost beyond calculation, while our commerce
on the seas was crippled and veiy nearly
restricted to the products of the North. Our
cotton interests were prostrate, and India,
profiting by our calamities, had every oppor-
tunity to test lier soil to the utmost, and put
into operation every conceivable element to
win for itself an unchallenged supremacy in
the cotton markets of the world. And yet,
with all these advantages in her favor, her
exportations to England were augmented only
to the extent just mentioned.
The two chief subjects which enter into the
consideration of cotton culture are soil and
climate; and in these respects 1 regard the
South as unequaled by any country of the
globe. The prodigal hand of nature has done
all for the South in this regard that her most
enthusiastic planter could desire, and her cot-
ton product surpasses tluvt of any other cotton-
growing land. One thousand pounds of seed
cotton generally yield about five hundred
pounds of clean cotton, and the average pro-
duct to the acre is about live hundred and
thirty pounds cfunelean cotton. And il we take
into account the lat'ge extent ot land which can
be made serviceable to the cotton interests of
the country, I think the fact will bear with it
prima facie evidence that the South, if devel-
oped, will reign supreme as the rulef and mas-
ter of the cotton markets of the world. For
instance, Texas has ten million acres, Ala-
bama and Mississippi fully six millions, and
Georgia three millions. Where, I ask, are there
to be found such a wealth of territory, such an
admirable soil, and such an equable climate
for the production of cotton ?
If the State of Mississippi is to take her share
in building up this great commercial indus-
try which, on the principles of a just and well
attested political economy, affects the interests
of both North and South, she can do it only
in the way her legislative body has marked
out; that is, by an appeal for aid from the Fed-
eral Government. The building of the levees
on the Mississippi is a national work, and, as
such, her citizens look for such appropriations
and grants as the magnitude and importance
of the undertaking demand.
It is needless for me to press upon the atten-
tion of the Senate the impoverished condition
of my State. The ruin and devastation that
follow the march of great armies are too well
known.
Of the reconstruction of Mississippi on en-
during and substantial grounds1 I can speak
with no uncertainty. Every element in the
policy of the State seems to argue continuance
of prosperity. In our land after years of fright-
ful carnage the sword is sheathed, and may it
never again be drawn from its scabbard. In
its stead there is a more fitting symbol, and
now that the smoke of battle has passed away
and the sky is again clear and serene may its
lesson to civilization be learned anew over the
length and breadth of the land.
On the walls of the Rotunda of this Capitol
hangs a historical representation of the plant-
ing of that symbol on the banks of the father
of waters, the great Mississippi. Three centu-
ries ago De Soto felled a gigantic tree and
hewed it into a cross, under whose outstretched
arms his followers chanted their glorious Te
Deum, and as that symbol now portrays the
pursuits of well-established peace within the
borders of the State of Mississippi, is it not
a just ground upon which to ask from the
General Government such aid as will enable
its citizens to pursue their labors with profit
to themselves and benefit to the nation ?
I will read a part of the resolution of the
Legislature of the State, which will afford a
basis upon which an intelligent opinion may
be formed of the fertility of the land included
in what is known as the Delta, between the
Mississippi and Yazoo rivers. This delta—
Contains an immense body of land unsurpassed
in richness; and beoausc of tliese further considera-
tions, namely, that those lands lie at the very heart
ot the American cotton zone; that, wlnle the richest
of the cotton uplands do not yield an average of half
a bale to the acre, the lands lying between the Mis-
sissippi and the Yazoo yield an average per acre of a
lull bale; that, with the exception of some tracts
found scattered through it at a level above ordinary
floods, the agricultural industry of the country had
been excluded from that luxuriant waste byinunda-
tions of ilia Mississippi; that to such an extent had all
the places available lor settlement under that state
of the case been settled beforel850 that the five river
counties, which produced forty-two thousand bales
of cotton in that year, had produced even ten years
previously so many as thirty-nine thousand bales ;
that the Government of the United States, seeking
to convert the immense areas of rich lands which had
remained thus useless, into an element of wealth,
granted them to the State of Mississippi in trust for
the reclamation by levees; that the following state-
ment will show the results of that grant on the pro-
duction of five counties already referred to :
Bales.
Ill 1840, before the grant, the counties being
unteveed  39,000
In 1S50, before the grant, the counties being
still unleveed  42,000
In I860, after the grant, the counties having
been leveed   156,000
And now, sir, I can do little else than urge
upon this body prompt and generous action
relative to the bill before us. I conclude with
tiie earnest and logical words of Governor
Alcorn .
"The scepter is about to depart from us in the
commerce of the world if we do not break down at
once the rivalry that is being developed by a com-
bination of the great Powers of Europe under the
opportunity of high prices; and while we enter on
this battle, which can only be won by us in the
future, as it has been won by us in the past, by
driving our rivals from the field before the force of
cheap production, we stand confronted with the
embarrassment of a labor system in transition, and
a system of capital in but imperfect organization.
But inasmuch as our upland production yields but
one third or one half of a bale to the acre, while
our production in the Mississippi-Yazoo delta yields
a bale to the acre, the plainest suggestion of pol-
icy demands that, whatever disadvantages may be
in the case, we must fix the field of battle with the
European combination against us on cotton culture
in the invincible stronghold of productiveness, in
such rieh soils as those of the delta of the Yazoo.
And thus it is that the construction of the levees of
the Mississippi, as a means of keeping our eotton
power at a height which gives strength to our diplo-
macy, volume to our commerce, and gold tribute to
our treasury, constitutes a work which rises to the
very highest dimensions of the national.
"ttive a substantial protection to the magni6cent
waste lands between the Mississippi and the Yazoo,
and you throw open to immediate settlement be-
tween three and four million acres of the finest
cotton lands on the face of the earth. Yvheu Italy
builds railways, constructs macadamized roads,
makes elaborate surveys, and offers large gifts for
settlement of a less extent of soil, inferior in yield,
in order to crush the power of the United States in
the cotton markets of the world, shall the United
States hesitate to reassert that power at a small
outlay, which will enable her to bid defiance as a
cotton producer to the whole world combined, from
the unequaled yield of the cotton soils of the Mis-
sissippi-Yazoo ?"
I now move, Mr. President, that the bill be
taken from the table and referred to the select
committee on the subject of the levees of the
Mississippi river.
The motion was agreed to.
annexation op dominica..
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morninghour
having expired, the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 262) authorizing the appointment of
commissioners iu relation to the republic of
Dominica is before the Senate, the pending
question being on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Susijter] to the
House amendment.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was read, being to add to the third sec-
tion of the joint resolution the following pro-
viso :
Provided, That nothing in these resolutions con-
tained shall be held, understood, or construed as
committing Congress to the policy of annexing the
territory of said republic of Dominica.
Mr. Stjmxeh's amendment to the House
amendment was also read, being to add thereto
the following:
And the commissioners shall inquire especially
into the alleged pendency of civil war in Dominica,
and the extent of territoryoccupiod by the opposing
parties; also, into the relations between the existing
Government of Dominica and the neighboring repub-
lic of Ilayti, and the pendency of any claim, terri-
toiial or pecuniary, by the latter upon the former,
and if there be any war or menace of war between
these two Governments.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Is that amendment
open to omendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) There is one amendment
pending.
Mr. CONKLING. There is an amendment
to an arsendment already pending.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest that an
amendment can be offered at four o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Delaware propose an amendment
to the amendment ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
in order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then I move as an
amendment the following:
And provided further, That Benjamin R. Curtis,
Millard Fillmore, and General W. T. Sherman bo
the commissioners.
Mr.STEWART. The resolution under con-
sideration does not involve particularly the pro-
priety of the annexation of San Domingo. It
simply proposes an investigation, to determine
whether that -be desirable or not; but it does
involvea great principle. It involves, itistvue, -
