187].
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125S
to-day nullifies an important provision of the
fourteenth amendment, and also of the " civil
rights bill," by refusing to colored people the
right to testify in her courts in any case, civil
or criminal, to which a white person is a party.
A white man may enter a colored congrega-
tion and shoot the minister in the pulpit, and
if there are 110 white witnesses he cannot be
prosecuted. No wonder that the press is
teeming with crimes committed upon the col-
ored people of that State. And the supreme
court of California, in a recent decision, refus-
ing to the Chinese the right to testify 111 cases
to which white persons are parties, \vhile not
directly denying the authority of the fourteenth
amendment, asserts the existence of State
rights, which would subvert it utterly. And
the Governor of that State, in a message to the
Legislature, declared that the fifteenth amend-
ment was not within the scope of the power of
amervdment contained in the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. CASSEIILY. Will the Senator allow
me 
Mr. MORTON. I shall be through in a
moment, and then I will answer any questions.
Mr. CASSERLY. I rise merely to a cor-
rection as to a question of fact.
Mr. MORTON. Very well.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Indi-
ana probably is not aware that that message
of the Governor of California was delivered
while the ratification of the amendment was
still pending.
Mr. MORTON. I am aware that that mes-
sage was in sending the amendment in to the
Legislature; but that message denied the power
of Congress to propose an amendment of that
kind, and denied the possibility of its becoming
a part cf the Constitution of the United States,
though ratified by ever so many States. And
the Legislature of Oregon at its late session
formally declared the same amendment to be
a nullity and not binding upon the people of
that State.
The issue thus presented is of the gravest
possible character, and involves the peace and
perhaps the very existence of the Union.
Amendments so vital to thesafety of the nation
and to the liberty and happiness of nearly five
millions of people, adopted under circum-
stances so solemn and so strange in the world's
history, cannot be nullified but by a struggle
which will shako our Government to its found-
ations. «
When we look at the reign of violence in the
South : the hitter and bloody persecution of
men for opinion's sake; and at the ominous
cloud of nullification which makes the political
horizon black, who will dare to say that the
mission of the Republican party has been per-
formed.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate
resumes the consideration of the unfinished
business ot' yesterday.-
Mr. CLAIR. If it be the pleasure of the
Senate, I should like to be allowed to say a
few words now in reply to the Senator from
Indiana. 1 presume, however, I shall have to
get the unanimous consent of the Senate, or
have a motion made to pass over the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business can bo passed over informally by
unanimous consent, as was done at the close
of the morning hour to allow the Senator from
Jnduna to conclude his remarks.
Several Sbxators, (to Mr. Bi,.uk.) l,Go
on!'' "Go on!"
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri asks that the unfinished business be
informally passed over for the purpose of allow-
ing him to submit remarks in reply to the Sen-
ator from Indiana. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none; and the Senator from Mis-
souri will proceed.
Mr. COLE, 1 interpose with a great deal of
reluctance—['"No." *'No.':j
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senator from
Missouri will b"e allowed to proceed.
Mr. POME ROY. I also hope that the Sen-
ator from Missouri will be allowed to proceed
with his remarks. I want to hear what he has
to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California-docs not object, the Chair under-
stands.
Mr. BLAIR proceeded to address the Sen-
ate. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business is again before the Senate. The
Senator from Missouri desires consent that the
debate on this subject may be allowed to pro-
ceed.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senator will be
allowed to go on.
Mr. POMEROY. I trust that the Senator
from Missouri will proceed. I want to have
this subject finished.
Mr. COLE. Senators seem to forget that
this is a very late stage of the session to go on
with political speeches. We have had one
speech on each side, and that ought to suffice
at this stage of the session. There are only a
few more days left, and all the appropriation
bills are yet behind. Senators must see that
it will be utterly impossible to get through
with them unless we proceed with them at this
time.
Mr. SCHURZ. I would appeal to the Sen-
ator from California to permit me to say a few
words. I shall not be long.
Mr. POMEROY. Oh, yes; go on.
Mr. COLE. If Senators choose to take the
responsibilitv, very well.
The VICE" PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California reserve his objection until
after the Senator on the floor has concluded
his remarks ?
Mr. COLE. Ts one objection sufficient to
carry this subject over ?
The VICE'PRESIDENT. One objection
is sufficient unless a motion should be made by
a Senator to postpone the unfinished business;
which a majority of the Senate could agree to.
■ Mr. COLE. Then I interpose my objection.
That is all I can do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California interposes his objection, and
the unfinished business is before the Senate.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to postpone the
I hope that will not bo
unfinished business.
Mr. SUMNER.
done.
Mr. POMEROY. That motion opens the
whole question, and the Senator from Mis-
souri can proceed with his remarks on the
motion to postpone.
Mr. SCHURZ. 1 should not tike to do that.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish the unfinished busi-
ness to be kept in its place, but I hope the
Senator from Missouri will have the privilege
of proceeding.
Mr. MORTON. I hope so, indeed.
Mr. SUxMNER. I hope the Senator from
California will not interpose an objection.
Mr. COLE. There is no assurance that, the
debate will stop when the Senator from Mis-
souri concludes,
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from California gives notice now that he will
object to any other Senator speaking on this
question, the Chair will not recoguiae any
other Senator, and, as soon as the Senator
from Missouri has concluded, will call np the
unfinished business.
Mr. COLE. I should like to know how
long the. Senator from Missouri will take.
Mr. SCHURZ. I cannot, tell exactly; per-
haps fifteen or twenty minutes.
Mr. COLE. Then somebody else will want
to proceed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
not reeo/ni^e any other Senator if the Senator
from California reserves his objection.
Mr. COLE. My objection is just as good
at this time as it will be when made at any
other. When the Senator's colleague rose 1
gave notice that I should move to proceed
with the appropriation bill as soon as he con-
cluded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objects, and he has a right to object.
Mr. SCHURZ. I move, then, that the unfin-
ished business be postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri moves that the unfinished business
be postponed for the purpose of continning
the consideration of the joint resolution of
the Legislature of Indiana.
Mr. SHERMAN. That motion is debatable
to a limited extent.
Mr. POMEROY. What is the limit to it 1
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no limit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
not yet been called upon to decide that ques-
tion, as no remarks have been made.
Mr. POMEROY. I say that the Senator
from Missouri under that motion can proceed
to make his speech.
Mr. SHERMAN. The condition of the
public business is such that it seems to me we
are bound to give attention to the appropria-
tion bills. This political discussion can lead
to no resalt, and we waste the time of the pub-
lic. All these matters are before the people,
and what is the use of discussing them now?
I sympathize with ray neighbor on my right
hand, [Mr. Cole.] He is charged with the
most important business which will occupy
the attention of this body, which demands
attention, which requires attention, which is
entitled to the attention of the Senate. Why
not give it? Why waste time in this discus-
sion ? I desire, without making any remarks,
simply to follow big lead and to vote with him
to take up the regular order of business and
adhere to it. It is Ms unpleasant duty to
object to anything else. I am perfectly willing
to share it, and li&ve to some extent shared in
that responsibility, although I am not bound
to do it from my position. It is his duty to
object, and I hope, therefore, he will stand by
his objection.
Mr. NYE. Has not the Senator from Ohio
some little sympathy for the Committee on
Territories?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have some.
Tr.e VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
fiom Missouri has moved to postpone the
unfinished business, for the purpose of con-
tinuing the consideration of the resolution of
the Legislature of Indiana, called up by the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. SAWYER. Is that motion debatable?
Mr. WILSON. Oh, do not debate it.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask one
single question, and that is, for what prac-
tical purpose this discussion, which has been
gone over a hundred times in all the news-
papers of the land, is to be had at this moment
of the session; whether we are going to arrive
at one single point that the American people
have not already arrived at; and whether tho
interruption of the public business for a dis-
cussion which is purely speculative had not
better be put off until the nest presidential
campaign?
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask one
other question, and that is where it is to stop?
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] de-
livered a speech upon one side of a question
or of several questions. The honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr, Blair] rose to reply.
It seems to me that it would be very unfair for
any majority in the Chamber, liaving listened
to a very able speech oh one side, to decline
to hear at least one response upon tho other.
But now I submit to the other Senator from
Missouri that the same moiive which would
lead him to seek the floor, and the same cour-
tesy which would accord it to him, is to go 011
ml infinitum ; and when he finishes, "some
other Senator will have the advantage of him,
