1866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
motion to proceed to its consideration ; and,
a fortiori, the Chair thinks debate on bills uot
to be considered is not in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not propose to de-
bate any bill, but I want to say that I hold in
ray hand a bill which has been passed by the
House of Representatives, to enable honorably
discharged soldiers and sailors, or their widows
and orphans, to acquire homesteads on the
public domain.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will hold
it iu'his hand very tight until we get through
with the appropriation bilts.
Mr. POMEROY. I am appealed to by fcheso
discharged soldiers all over the laud, from
California even, Ohio, Indiana, and other
States, to have this bill considered. I give
notice now that this evening, or at some con-
venient time, I shall embrace the most favor-
able opportunity I can find to present it to the
consideration of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say one word
on this matter, and I will confine myself to
the committee to which 1 belong, the Judici-
, ry Committee. That committee has reported
a number of bills that have passed the House
of Representatives; bills that the committee
believe essential to the due administration of
justice, some of them regulating the practice
of I he courts, others regulating the taking of
testimony. They are bills that are needed, that
ought to be-enacted into laws. Now, it is of
110 use for us to take up Senate bills for con-
sideration ; but I think bills that have passed
the House of Representatives, and have been
favorably reported on by our own committees,
we might take up ; and I was in hopes that no
one would object 'to the proposition of the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, espe-
cially in view of the fact that not one day
of this session has been specially given to that
committee. Other committees have had days
specially given to them. That committee has
not had one hour specially given to it at this
session. Now, I do hope that some arrange-
ment will be made by which the House bills
that have been reported favorably by the Sen-
ate Committee on the Judiciary may be con-
sidered. Some of those hills have gone to
their third reading in the Senate, and there is
nothing to do but to take the final vote on the
question of their passage. Surely we ought to
have some time, and i hope the Senate will
give us at least one hour or two.
The YICB PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from California,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the deficiency bill.
The motion was agreed to.
IKGI8LATIVK, ETC. AITKOPKIATION BILL.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask leave at this time to
submit a report from a committee of confer-
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive it.
Mr. SAWYER submitted the following
report:
The committee of eonfcrence oil the disagreeing
votes of the two Ilouse-f on the amendment* of the
Senate to tho brll (11. R. No. 252-0 making jippropri-
ations for the Icgn-lative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government (or the year ending
Juno 30, 1S72, liavius mot, after full aud free con-
ference, haveboen unable 10 agree.
FREDERICK A. SAWYER,
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
THOMAS 1'. BAYARD,
Managers on thepnrt of the Senate.
HENRY L. DAWES,
0. C. WAtjIIBURN,
WILLIAM K NIBLACK,
J^/nnufffj-s on the part oj the House.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate further
insist on its amendments, and appoint another
eommittee of conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it for the Senate to
ask a committee now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report is
Made here; and the bill is here, the papers
are here. The previous conference was asked
for by the House of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The conference was
originally asked by the House?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next con-
ference must be asked by the Senate, ac-
cording to the -usage, the Senate having the
papers. The report must be made to the
House which grants the conference, which in
this case, was the Senate. The*question is on
the motion of the Senator from California.
The motion was agreed to.
So it was—
Metolved, That the Senate further insist upon its
amendments to the said bill, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, and further ngree to the
conference asked by the House on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on tho part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Sawyer, Mr. Morrill of Vermont, and Mr.
Thurmax.
Mr. Thurman was subsequently excused
from service on the committee of conference,
and Mr. Johnston was appointed in his place.
DIRECT TAXES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair an
nounces the filling of the vacancy on the com-
mittee of conference appointed by the Senate
on the 3d of February, recently agreed to by
the House of Representatives upon the bill
(S. No. 995) for the relief of puchasers of lands
sold for direct taxes in the insurrectionary
States, in place of the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmunds,] who has been excused, the
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart.]
deficiency bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration, of the bill (H. R.
No. 2995) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies-in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal years
ending June 30. 1870, and June 30, 1871, and
for former years, and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the bill, and the amendments of the
Committee on Appropriations will be consid-
ered as they are reached in the bill.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out from lines
fifteen to twfenty-six, inclusive, as follows:
For the following sums, duo under resolutions of
thfi House passed during the first session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, namely : to the Into first
assistant doorkeeper, $810; to the superintendent
of the document-room, $840; and to E. Spieer. late
superintendent of the folding-room, $720; to John
J. McBlhono, William Ilincks W. Blair Lord, I).
Wolfe Brown, Theodore F. Andrews, and William
Henry Burr, reporters for the Congressional Globe
during tho first session of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, $700 each; in all $6,400, additional compensa-
tion for the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines thirty-
eight and thirty-nine, after "1869" to insert
"so far as may have been provided by lav/;"
so as to make the clause read :
To pay Rives & Bailey for the reporting and pub-
lication of the debates andproceedings of the Forty-
First Congress, under the joint resolution npproved
March 3. 1869. and contract of April 14,1869. so far
as may have been provided for by law, $120,000, or
so much thereof as may be necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-four
to strike out "is" and insert " with the sum
appropriated by the act of July 15, 1870, are;"
so that the clause will read:
Fur the building for post office and sub-Treasury in
Boston, the unexpended balance of appropriation
remaining on the 30th June, 1870, appropriated for
purchase of site of the same, which was eovered into
the Treasury by the provisions of section five of the
act of July 12,1870, with tho sum appropriated by the
act of July 15,1870, are hereby reappropriated and
made available, &e.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope that will not be
agreed to, because it will make it bad gram-
mar if it is. I move to strike out the word
"are," in the fifty-sixth line, before the words
"hereby reappropriated," and to leave the
word "is" in in the fifty-fourth line.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment, as proposed to be
amended by the Senator from South Carolina,
will be agreed to ; -and it is so ordered.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line sixty-three, after
the words "for expenses of-legal proceed-
ings" in connection with the Boston post
office building Jo reduce the appropriation from
"$5,000" to " $2,000."
Mr. COLE. I propose to change that to
$4,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment to the amendment
will be regarded as agreed to, and the amend-
ment, as amended, will be agreed to. It is
so ordered.
The next amendment was after the word
"necessary," in the sixty fourth line, to insert
"subject to no other restriction except that
the cost of said building shall not exceed, in
the ultimate total under all appropriations,
$1,500,000; " so that the clause will read :
For the building for post office and sub-Treasury
in Boston, the unexpended balance of appropriation
remaining on the 30th of June, 1870, appropriated
for purchase of site of the same, which was covered
into the Treasury by the provisions of section five
ot the act of July 12,1870, is, with the sum appro-
priated by the act of July 15, 18?0, hereby reippio-
priated and made available, together with tho sum
of $64,278 75, to enable the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay the award for the necessary land condemned
under authority of the State of Massachusetts lor
the purposes of said building; for purchase of title
in passage-way, $8,000; and for expenses ot legal
proceedings, $4,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, subject to no other restriction except that
the cost of said building shall not exceed, in the
ultimate total under all appropriations, $1,500,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighty-two,
after "furniture" to insert the words "for
public buildings;" so that the clause will read,
"for furniture and repairs of furniture, for
public buildings, $25,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighty-six
after the word "kind" to insert "for the
Treasury Department;" so as to make the
clause read :
For carpets, oil-cloth, matting, rugs, chair-covers
and cushions, repairs and putting down of carpets,
and other necessary miscellaneous items of the same
kind, for the Treasury Department, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike outlines
ninety-nine to one hundred and five, in the
following words:
To pay, under the direction of the proper officer,
the teamsters, laborers, and others, for work done
in the construction of the marine hospital, Chicago,
prior to the suspension of the work thereon, under
the restriction of the act approved 15th July, 1870,
the sum of SI 0,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary for that purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the proviso to
the approp riation for public printing. After
the word " executed," in line one hundred and
forty-six, to strikeout "but by" and insert
"except on;" and after "order" to strike
out " from" and insert " under the direction
of;" and after the word "by," in line one
hundred and forty-seven, to add "the two
Houses of;" and after •'Congress " to insert
"as authorized by law;" so as to make the
proviso read : *!
Provided, That no printing shall be hereafter exe-
cuted except on written order under thedireetionof
heads of Departments or by tho two Houses of Con-
gress, as authorized by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and sixty-four, in the clause making ap-
propriation for salaries of United States min-
isters abroad, to insert the following proviso :
Provided, That hereafter no salaries shall be paid
to two ministers tor the same jdace for a longer
period than thirty days.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and sixty nine to strike out the words
'• of sick and disabled seamen" and to insert
" and protection of American seamen in for-
