1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
eign countries;" so as to make the clause read,
''for relief and protection of American sea-
men in foreign countries, $8,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
one hundred and seventy-two and one hundred
and seventy-three in the words "for contingent
expenses of foreign intercourse, $10,569 15."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strikeout from
line one hundred and seventy-four to line one
hundred and seventy-eight, inclusive, in the
following words:
To pay the salary of the United States consul at
Ilioso and Owen, from the time of his appointment,
February 10, 1868, to June 30,1868, $1,166 67.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
line one hundred and ninety-five to line one
hundred and ninety-nine, inclusive, in the fol-
lowing jvords:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay
balance due on the indebtedness incurred for the
Indian service in California by Austin Wiley, former
superintendent of Indian affairs, 810,5 9 54, or so
muck thereof as may be necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
line two hundred to two hundred and four,
inclusive, in the following words :
For subsisting seven hundred and forty-seven
Poncii.Indians from December 1,1870, to July 1,1871,
including liabilities for the purpose already incurred,
$15,836 64.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and nine, to strike out the words " Patent
Office" and insert " Interior Department," so
as to make the clause read, "for casual repairs
of the Interior Department building, $5,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike outlines
two hundred and eleven, two hundred and
twelve, and two hundred and thirteen, as
follows:
For salary of one examiner in charge of interfer-
ences, and ono first and one second assistant exam-
iner in the Patent Office, $5,900.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out,
under the head of " Patent Office," lines two
hundred and fourteen and two hundred and
fifteen, "for five clerks of class two, $7,000;
for five clerks of class one, $6,000;" and
in lieu thereof to insert "For five clerks of
class one, $4,333, or so much thereof as may
be necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hundred
and nineteen, to strike out " Patent Office "
and insert "Interior Department;" so as to
make the clause1 read, " For the steam-heat-
ing apparatus in the Interior Department
building, $6,975."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and thirty-two, to reduce the appropria-
tion from "$1,255" to "$500;" so as to make
the clause read:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay the
freight on the law libraries authorized to be pur-
chased for each of the Territories of Idaho, Mon-
tana, Utah. Wyoming, and Arizona, by the act of
July 15, 1S70, $500, or so much thoreof as may be
necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and fifty-eight, after the word " oply " to
insert "and in one newspaper only in each
State where contracts are to be let., and no
other advertisement shall be paid for;" so as
to make the proviso read :
Provided, That hereafter the lettingsof mail con-
tracts in Maryland and Virginia shall be published
in one newpaper only, and in one newspaper only
in each Slate where contracts are to be let, and no
other advertisement shall be paid for.
Mr. POMEROY. Let that he reserved
until we come into the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. It ought to be reserved.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
regard it as reserved.
Mr. COLE. I find that lines two hundred
and sixty seven to two hundred and seventy-
one should be" stricken out. The committee
agreed to strike out this clause, but the print
does not show it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is to strike out the clause which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be stricken out of the appropriation for the
Post Office Department as follows:
For additional pay to ten female clerks, (folders,)
at $180 each per annum, in order to make their pay
for the year ending June 30, 1871,8900 each, $1,800,
or so much thereof as may be necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall reserve this when
we come into the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading on page 13 of the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line three hundred and
three, to insert the word "lawfully" before
"made," and to strike out the words "a
transfer of other balances on the books of the
Treasury to this account is hereby authorized
to the amount of; " so as to make the clause
read:
For contingencies of the Army, to enable the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to settle the accounts of dis-
bursing officers for expenditures already lawfully
made, $150,000.
Mr. SAWYER. This amendment was pro-
posed under the impression that the clause
authorized a transfer of money from an appro-
priation of which some part had been spent,
from the specific object for which the appro-
priation was made to another object for which
it had not been made. That was the view in
which the suggestion of striking out the words
beginning with "transfer" and ending with
the amount was made; but the fact is, as I
have learned from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, that it is no such thing, but is simply a
transfer on the books of the Treasury for the
settlement of accounts. For instance, an offi-
cer is furnished with funds for clothing and is
also furnished with funds for pay. He takes
the money and uses it as occasion may require,
using, however, no more either for pay or for
clothing than the law allows him to use. There
has been charged to him so much for pay and
so much for clothing; but he has had $1,000
more for pay than has been charged to him
and $1,000 less for clothing. I propose that
the amendment of the committee be not
agreed to, except the insertion of the word
" lawfully."
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that change will be made.
Mr. COLE. I think it is bad. policy to
authorize transfers on the books in this way.
I think the Senator ought to be content with
an appropriation, naked and simple, but still
I will not insist upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the committee will be regarded as disagreed
to except the insertion of the word "lawfully."
That word will be inserted. The reading of
the bill will be continued.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line three hundred and
twenty-six, to strike out " $40,000" and insert
"$30,000;" so as to make the clause read :
To pay tho costs and charges of State peniten-
tiaries for the care, clothing, maintenance, and
medical attendance, and like necessaries of United
States military convicts conSnod therein, §oU,wU.
The amendment was agreed to..
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and twenty-'eight, tostrike out " $50,000"
and insert "$40,000;" so as to make the clause
read:
For repairing and putting new roof on the cadct
quarters at West Point, recently destroyed by fire,
$40,000, or so much thereof as may bo necessary.
-The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
three hundred and forty-one to three hundred
and forty-four, inclusive, as follows: i ■
For contingencies of tho Army: to enable the Sec-
retary of War to meet, certain liabilities incurred
prior to June 30,1870, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and seventy-nine, to reduce the appropri-
ation from $400,p00 to $300,000, so as to make
the clause read :
For hire of quarters for officers on military duty;
hire of quarters for troops, of store-houses for the
safe-keeping of military stores, am! of grounds for
summer cantonments: construction of temporary
huts, hospitals, and stables, and for repairing public
buildings at established posts, $300,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike oat from
lines four hundred and five to four hundred
and fifteen, in the following words:
To make up deficiency in appropriation for Capi-
tol police for the fiscal year ending Junc30, 1871,
$11,544, as follows: for one captain, $288; for two
lieutenants, ar §300 eaeh. $600: for twenty-five pri-
vates for twelve months, at §384 each per annum,
$9,600; for three privates for eleven months, at ?38-l
each por annum, SI,056.
Mr. SAWYER. I think the information
before the committee on that subject was im-
perfect. These deficiencies are provided for
by law. The pay of the captain was fixed by
statute at $1,740. He had previously had
$1,150 ; and by the act of April 23, 1854,
twenty per cent, on that was allowed ; and by
the act of July 28, 1866, twenty per cent, on
the pay at that time was allowed, which makes
this deficiency necessary. They have a claim
on the Government for which they can go to
the Court of Claims if the appropriation be
refused. I hope, therefore, the amendment
will be non-concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment will be regarded as
disagreed to. It is disagreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in the appropriations for
the Bureau of Freedmen, Refugees,and Aban-
doned Lands, in line four hundred and twenty-
eight, to strikeout "eight" and insert "five;"
so that the clause will read, "for stationery
and printing, $5,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and thirty, tostrike ont "$6,000" and
insert "$4,000;" so as to make the clause
read, "for mileage and transportation of offi-
cers and agents, $4,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines four hun-
dred and thirty three to four hundred and
thirty-six, to strike out the words "and for
unsettled miscellaneous claims due to the in-
ternal revenue department, commissary depart-
ment, and on judgments of Court of Claims
for allowances of returned officers;" and in
line four hundred and thirty-six, to strike out
"$47,000" and insert" $40,000 so as to
make the clause lead, "for unfulfilled con-
tracts for the erection and repair of school
buildings and asylums, $40,000,"
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out of
the appropriations for the Navy Department
lines four hundred and thirty-eight, four hun-
dred and thirty-nine, and four hundred and
forty, in the following words :
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
For pay of the civil establishment at this bureau at
the several navy hospitals and navy-yai&s, §3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hnn-
dred and forty-two, to strike out " $000,000
and insert "$500,000;" so as to make the
clause read:
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing: ,
For provisions for the officer^ seamen, and marines
of the Na\-yt $500,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four bun-
