430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
troversy. Allegations have been made affect-
ing the conduct and, character of the execu-
tive department. Deep feeling is manifested.
Facts, authentic facts, are needed. Let us
have the facts, (rive the nation the truth, the
whole truth. This is simply an inquiry. It
commits no one to annexation. I shall vote
fe it; and I hope that the investigation will
be searching, thorough, and complete.
Sir, I shall vote for the House amendment.
I shall vote, too, for the amendment of my col-
league and for any other amendments germane
to the original resolution that tends to give
Congress information upon this question, be
the amendments offered by friend or opponent.
I have listened, Mr. President, to the speech
of the Senator from Missouri with sincere re-
gret, deep and profound sorrow. It sounded
iu my ear like the voices of other days. It
seemed to me to be the repetition of the fal-
lacies uttered in these Halls years ago by the
supporters of the crime of human slavery in
Christian and republican America. I did not
believe in the specious butplausible arguments I
' of the advocates of the inferiority of races, nor
do I believe in thi3 philosophy proclaimed by
the Senator from Missouri. If it is true, I think
the Almighty should have called these philos-
ophers into His councils before He made the
tropical regions of the globe and doomed its
inhabitants to eternal deterioration.
I believe, sir, that every race God has made
is capable of improvement, of civilization, of
elevation, of Christianity, whether they dwell
in the temperate or tropical regions of the
earth. I believe Christian civilization will not
be limited to lines of latitude, but will make
the tour of the globe, lifting up all races and
conditions of men. I believe that every por-
tion of God's green earth may be cultivated
by free labor, may be improved, and be the
dwelling place of intelligent, civilized, and
Christian men; and I have undoubting faith
that every portion of this globe is to be the
home of civilized man.
Mr. SCHUKZ. Mr. President 
Air. WILSON. I have but a moment left,
and I cannot yield it to the Senator. This
doctrine that the tropics are doomed; that the
people who now inhabit or wlio are hereafter
to inhabit them are destined by the inexorable
hand of nature to perpetual deterioration ; that
the men of other climes and races vt ho go into
these doomed regions to carry capital, science,
skill, education, freedom, liberal institutions,
and Christianity are to go down with them, is
a doctrine contrary to God's Holy Word, to the
aspirations and hopes of humanity, it is anti-
republican and anti-Christian, and ought never
to be entertained by au American statesman or
uttered in the Congress of a nation that believes
in the Fatherhood of God and the brotherhood
of man.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to state that the
joint resolution as we now have it embraces
every form of inquiry that can be material to
the investigation 
Mr. CONKLING and others. So it does.
Mr. MORTON. And that the adoption of
this amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts and others that are intimated
will simply have the effect to produce delay,
to send the resolution back to the House of
Representatives, with the hope that the ene-
mies ot it there may create some embarrass-
ment, and perhaps send it back here again,
and that it may be passed backward and for-
ward as a shuttlecock until it shall be finally
defeated. There can be no reasonable pur-
pose, it seems to me, in asking us to adopt, this
amendment except for delay and to send the
resolution back to the House of Represent-
atives. Therefore, those who are iu favor of
this investigation, who believu it is right and
just, ajid who are willing that the truth or
falsehood of the statements that have been
made shall be inquired into. I trust will resist
these amendments, so that the resolution may
not go back to the House. Sir, we are for
investigation, and they shrink from it. They
abound in allegations, but they shrink from
the investigation 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana will please suspend. It is the duty of
the Chair to remind the Senate that the hour
of four o'clock has arrived, at which time, by
the unanimous order of the Senate yesterday,
the Senate are to vote on the amendment of
the House and the amendments that may be
offered thereto.
Mr. SUMNER. It is evident that there are
many Senators who hav"e not spoken on this
subject to-day, and who desire to speak. I
know several myself. I mention the fact, and
I think it will justify an appeal to the Senate
that the time for taking the vote should be
postponed, so as to give a further opportunity
for this debate. I have in my eye several Sen-
ators who I am sure desire to be heard ; and
I do not think that even my ardent friend from
Indiana would be disposed to put them off. I
think that they desire to be heard in good faith,
with no purpose of delay, as the Senator sug-
gests. 1 hope, therefore, that the taking of
the vote may be postponed. I would test the
disposition of the Senate on that point. I had
rather not suggest the time; but, considering
the magnitude of this question and the interest
which it. excites not only in this Chamber but
in the other Chamber and throughout the coun-
try, I think it only proper aud just that there
should be more time for this discussion, espe-
cially that Senators who desire to speak should
have an opportunity to be heard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts suggest any proposi-
tion that he desires to make to the Senate?
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest that the
vote be taken to morrow at four o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate hav-
ing by unanimous consent agreed to take the
vote at four o'clock to-day, the Senator from
Massachusetts asks that by unanimous con-
sent. the time for taking the vote be extended
until four o'clock to morrow.
Mr. CHANDLER, Mr. CONKLING, and
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appear to
be objections.
Mr. SUMNER. I have made the effort for
a hearing.
Mr. CONKLING. We will postpone the
debate until the evidence is taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the amendmentof the House of
Representatives, and the amendmentoffered by
the Senator from Massachusetts as an amend-
ment to the House amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment and the
amendments the amendment. The amend-
ment to the amendment was to add to it the
following:
And the commissioners shall inquire especially
into the alleged pendency of civil war in Dominica,
and the extent of territory occupied by the opposing
parties; also, into the relations between the existing
Government of Dominica and the neighboring re-
public of Hayti;_and the pendency of any claim, ter-
ritorial or pecuniary, by the latter upon the former,
and if there be any state of war, or menace of war
between these two Governments.
The VICEPRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] desire to
move his amendment to the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts now, or to
reserve it for an independent vote?
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to the Senator
that he move his amendment as an independ-
ent one after the Senate has acted on the one
now pending.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Very well; I am will-
ing to take that course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be in
order at any time before the Senate votes on
the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BOREMA N, (when his name was called.)
On this question I am paired off with the
Senator from Maryland, Mr. Hamilton. If he
were here he would vote for the amendment,
and I should vote against it.
Mr. CARPENTER, (when Mr. Howe's
name was called.)' My colleague, Mr. Howe,
desired me to state that he was compelled to
leave the Senate by sudden illness. If here he
would vote against every possible amendment
to this resolution, and vote for the resolution
itself.
Mr. BAYARD, (when Mr. Thurman's name
was called.) The Senator from Ohio, Mr.
Thurman, whose name has j ust been called, is
detained from this Chamber by indisposition ;
and I am requested to make that statement,
because I know he would desire to vote for this
amendment.
The result was announced—yeas 20, naj'S
36 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckingham, Casser] y,
Davis, Fowler, Harris, Johnston, MeCreery, Morrill
of Vermont, Patterson, Ross, SaulsBury, Schurz,
Scott, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Vick-
ers, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Brown-
low, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler. Cole, Conkling,
Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Fen ton, Flanagan. Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Howell, Jewett,
Lewis, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool. Pratt, Ramsey,
Revels, Rice, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart,
Warner, Willey, Williams, and Yates—36.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman. Cattell, Ferry, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Maryland. Howard, Iiowe, Kel-
logg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Robert-
son, Sprague, Thayer, Thurman, and Winddiu—10.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to amend the
House amendment by adding the following :
And the commissioners authorized to be appointed
by the President by this joint resolution shall be
Benjamin 11. Curtis of Massachusetts, Millard Fill-
more of New York, and General William T. Sher-
man.
Mr. POMEROY. I rise to suggest a ques-
tion. I will call it a question of order; at
least, of parliamentary proceeding. The text
of the joint resolution is not before the Senate
and it cannot be again; it is not before the
House of Representatives and it cannot be
again, because the text of the joint resolution
has been agreed to by both Houses. In the
text of the joint resolution it is provided that
the President shall appoint these commission-
ers. Now, is it competent, is it in order for
us to declare that they are already appointed,
or appointed by law, or shall be the following
persons?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer the point suggested by the Senator
from Kansas. He states correctly that the
text of the joint resolution has been removed
from the consideration of both Houses, both
Houses having agreed upon it, with the single
exception of the amendment now pending be-
tween the two Houses. The amendment of
the Senator from Delaware would be incon-
sistent with a part of the joint resolution which
has been agreed upon by the two Houses; but
in Jefferson's Manual, page 206, the doctrine
is laid down which has always been ruled as
the parliamentary law:
"If an amendment be proposed inconsistent with
one already agreed to
Which is the case with this, as the text of
the joint resolution gives the appointment ab-
solutely to the President, and this amend-
ment names by authority of Congress who they
shall be—
" it is a fit ground for its rejection by the lipase, but
not within the competence of the Speaker to sup-
press, as if it were against order."
And therefore no Speaker has ever ruled out
inconsistent amendments. The amendment
of the Senator from Delaware is therefore in
order under the role, and the question is on
agreeing to it.
Mr. POMEROY. It is a very good reason
why it should be voted down. ♦
The VICE PRESIDENT, That is what is
