1256
1MB GON^RESSrONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
chairman of the Committee 0ii Commerce has
informed me that it was fillly considered in
the committee, and wds referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee.
Mr. THURMAN. That was on account of
legal questions.
Mr. CONKLING. This matter was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and argu-
ments were submitted to the committee, all
of which, I believe, were printed. These argu-
ments, the joint resolution, all the papers,
and all the questions in the case were reported
back by the Committee oh Commerce with a
motion that they be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary. That would have beSn per-
haps an unusual reference had there been
questions in the case separate and apart from
the legal questions. I know of no such queS'
tions. I do not mean that there is no question
in the case except a legal question, pure and
simple. I do not mean, however, that, as I
understand it, there is no question in the case
which is not controlled and disposed of by the
determination of the legal question. In other
words, every question has in it as a controlling
ingredient a question of law, and therefore, as
I think very properly, the whole matter was
submitted to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Now, I agree with the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman3 that nothing will be gained by
referring this matter back to the Committee on
Commerce. If the report which his colleague
[Mr. Thurman] has submitted determines sat-
isfactorily to the Senate all the questions of
law involved in the case, I- do not think the
Senate will need a ghost from the grave, or
even a committee, to come and tell them what
disposition to make of the case.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do riot care anything
about the question of law. • I look upon it as
a matter of no moment which way the ques-
tion of law is decided. I regard that, therefore,
as a mere collateral matter; but the passage
of that joint resolution is vitally necessary to
the people of the country in which I live.
Mr. THURMAN. Not only to them, but
to everybody else.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, to the whole United
States. I want it simply to be put on the Cal-
endar, so that a majority of the Senate may,
if possible, take it up and pass it. And it may
as well be understood now that the attempt to
throttle the navigation (of the Ohio river can-
not succeed, even in favor of a bridge company,
or anybody else, until the- matter has been
fully and fairly discussed and the Senate has
acted. That is all I desire to say. The rea-
son why I asked my colleague to withdraw
his motion was—for he and I feel alike about
this matter—that I think the best way is to let
the joint resolution take its place on the Cal-
endar with the report of the Judiciary Com-
mittee on the question of law, and then we
shall have the whole case before us.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Agreeing entirely with
the Senator from Ohio as to the propriety of
keeping the Ohio river open, I wish to say that
I do not concur with the majority of the com-
mittee in their view of the law. I incline to
the opinion, on the brief investigation I have
had an opportunity to give it, that this com-
pany is bound, if it builds a span over the
channel of the river, to put it up as high as if
it were a span-bridge the whole way, and that
in doing anything else they violate the law. I
do not wish to discuss it, but only to say that
I do not entirely agree with the report.
Mr. THURMAN. I concur with my col-
league that Congress ought to act on this ques-
tion ; and I also concur with him that, let the
law be as it may in regard to the option of this
company to build a span-bridge or a draw-
bridge, yet Congress having reserved the right
to amend or repeal the act in the interest of
navigation, (a right that in fact it would have
had whether it had reserved it or not,) is bound
to prevent the erection of a structure which,
in my judgment, will blockade the Ohio river,
and which in the opinion of the engineers sent
by the Secretary of War, unanimously ex-
pressed arid approved by the chief engineer,
will have that effect, and which is remonstrated
agaib^t by almost every leading mercantile firm
in the city of Cincinnati, by her councils, by her
Board of Trade, by her Board of Commerce,
and by the people of the river from Pittsburg
to its mouth.
I hope, therefore, that this joint resolution
will be acted upbn, and I am willing to take
any course that, is most favorable to its pas-
sage ; but if there be no report of the Com-
mittee on Commerce in regard to the expe-
diency of exercising the right which Congress
has to require the elevation of the bridge to be
greater than the law now- requires it to be, I
am afraid wte shall be met with the argument
that it has hot been reported upon by. a com-
mittee, and that w6 shall not get it through.
I am willing, however, to defer to the judg-
ment of my colleague if he thinks the course
lie suggests the better one.
. Mr. SHERMAN. On that point I would
refer to my friend from Michigan, the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce. I think
it would expedite the matter to let it stand on
the Calendar with the report of the Committee
on the Judiciary, without recommitting it to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mi\ CHANDLER. I hope it will not be
recommitted to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I move that this
report be laid on the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The joint resolution,
then, will take its place on the Calendar.
Mr. SCOTT. Before final action is taken
on this report I wish to say a word. I feel
with the Senators from Ohio that it is import-
ant some action should be taken on this
measure; but my immediate constituents are
very largely interested in it, and they are some-
what divided upon the question involved in
it. " The joint resolution, as it was originally
introduced, was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and it proposes at once to dispose
of the question in controversy between the
two classes of my constituent®. The Com-
mittee on Commerce were engaged industri-
ously in hearing the parties interested in this
question, and they heard them both upon the
questions of law and of fact involved in the
measure. After having heard them, they re-
ferred it to the Committee on the Judiciary
for the opinion of that committee upon the
legal question involved, and, as I understand
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] the
report is an opinion of the Judiciary Commit-
tee simply upon the question of law that was
referred to them.
Mr. THURMAN. That is all.
Mr. SCOTT. They propose to send the
joint resolution back to the Committee on
Commerce, with that opinion for their decision
upon the facts involved. Unless that is done
it will be before the Senate without having
been considered and reported upon by any
committee on the facts ; and while I join with
the Senators from Ohio in the desire that
speedy and intelligent action shall be taken
upon this question, I think that the joint reso-
lution ought hardly to be before the Senate
without the report of some committee, upon
the merits involved in it, and therefore I hope
that the motion made by the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thurman] who submitted the report
will prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The Senator from Ohio moved that
the joint resolution be laid upon the table.
Mr. THURMAN. No ; the report, not the
joint resolution. I moved to print the report
and lay it on the table; and the joint resolu-
tion is to be put on the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. The joint resolution will
be placed on the Calendar, I understand.
Mr. SCOTT. In what manner does it stand
o.i the Calendar then ; with an adverse or a
favorable report ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It takes its
position on the Calendar in the order in which
it was reported. The report will be printed
and laid on the table, and the joint resolution
will be placed on the Calendar.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2524) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government forthe year ending JuneSO, 1872.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations were reserved in the progress ot this
bill during the evening session a few evenings
since, to be governed by the action of the
Senate on the second section reported by the
Committee on Appropriations, which is now
reached, and will be reported by the Secre-
tary.
The Chief Clerk. The Committee on Ap-
propriations report to insert as an additional
section the following:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That from anil
after tho said lstday of July, 1871, the annual salary
of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of tho
United States shall be $10,500, and tile annual sal-
ary of each of the associate justices of the Supreme
Court shall be $10,000, and of each circuit judge
$7,500; and of the chief justice of the Court of
Claims and of the chief justice of the supremo court
of the District of Columbia$6,500; and of each judge
of the Court of Claims and of each justice of tho
supreme court of the District of Columbia, $6,0oo;
and of each district judge, $5,000.
Mr. DAVIS. There was an amendment
adopted upon page 4 of the bill in relation to
employes of the Senate. I want that amend-
ment reserved.
Mr. COLE. That can be done at a subse-
quent time.
Mr. DAVIS. I am addressing the Chair;
I want to be informed by the Chair.
Mr. COLE. I was also addressing the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The bill is still in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The question is on con-
curring in the amendment just reported by the
Secretary.
The question being put, it was declared that
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think there ought to be
a division on that amendment. I think the
committee have fixed the salaries of these
judges a little too high, and the vote of the
Senate ought to be taken upon it. However,
if it is carried I will not insist upon any other
action.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator call for a division ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir.
Mr. BOREMAN. I call for a division.
Mr. STEWART. Before that amendment
is acted upon I desire to offer an amendment
to it, to come in at the end of the second line :
The annual salary of the Vice President of tiio
United States, of tho Speaker of tho Ilou-e of Rep-
resentatives, of the Secretaries ol State, ot tho
Treasury, of War. ®f the Nary, of the Intorinr, of
the Postmaster U-eneral, and of the Attorney Uon-
eral shall be 510,000 each.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. COLE. I hope that will not be adopted.
■We have passed over the portions of the bill
including those several heads of items, and
have not changed, so far as the committee had
any authority, the salaries that have hereto-
fore been prescribed for those officers. I will
say to my friend from Nevada that if that
amendment, is adopted it will involve the
necessity of going back and revising the whole
bill, and changing the amounts that appear
under the several heads where appropriations
have been made for the several Departments
of the Government. 1 think there has been
no particular call tor a change, so far as the
officers, named in this amendment are con-
cerned, and there has been a good deal of
clamor, a good deal of discussion indeed, upon
the subject of raising the salaries of the judi-
ciary, and I think we ought to confine ourselves
