1868
THE * CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
March 2,
dred and forty-five, to reduce the appropria-
tioa from $60,000 to $50,000; so as to make
tbe clause read:
Marine corps:
•, For clothing for non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, and privates of the Marine corps, $50,000; for
fuel, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
four hundred and fifty-four the following:
For additional compensation to William Syphax,
for services in tbe Interior Department. $2,180, which
sum is hereby directed to be paid to him.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 ask to have a communica-
tion from the First Comptroller's office read,
that the Senate may understand the inad-
missibility of this claim.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
William Syphax7s Case.
Treasury Department,
First Comptroller's Office,
September 12. 1870.
On examination of the claim of William Syphax,
under aclause m the appropriation actofJuly 15,
1870,1 find that no portion of his pay as an assistant
messenger has been withheld from him, and that
during: tho period ho served in the Interior Depart-
ment the amount of pay received by him exceeds
the amount allowed by law and the regulations of
that Department to an assistant messenger.
There is, therefore, nothing duo to him for pay
withhold nor "to equalize his compensation with
that of an assistant messenger."
B. W, TAYLER, Comptroller.
February 21, 1871.
Dear Sir : I give you a few memoranda upon the
claim of William Syphax.
In his pot-ition he states that on June 1,1857, he
was " assigned lo the duty of receiving, counting,
packing, and delivering for transportation and mail-
ing the books and documents distributed by act of
Congress." &o.. and continued to be ongaged upon
that work uutil May H, 1863. He was at that time
8. messenger or assistant messenger in the Interior
Department, and asked for extra pay on account of
the responsibility of his aforenamed duty. This was
all he claimed, namely, compensation for his in-
Creased duty between 1857 and 1863. Upon this the
clerk to tho Appropriation CominiUoe writes to Sy-
phax, askius; him to furnish the committeo with an
account of how much the difference would be be-
tween what he received as pay and the sum of $720
per annum, from the date of his entry into the public
service up to the year 1870, namely, from 1850 to 1870,
the space of twenty years, and actually allowed him
the amount, namely, $2,180, as reported iii the appro-
priate act.
He came into office as a laboror at$300 per annum
by tho terms of his appointment, did no rnorcwork
than any other of the laborers, and received his pay
regularly and promptly. He himselfmade no com-
plaint during this period that ho wasentitled to any
extra allowance, nor does he so claim until tho year
1867 as having done anything: more than was usual
and customary.
Upon what ground, then, the committee extend
their gratuity throughout the term from 1850 to 1857,
I cannot imagine. The claim, when presented,
should have been, asisusual, referred to tho Depart-
ment where Syphax was employed, and in that case
these facts would have beon mado known to the com-
mittee.
Further, the truth of Syphax's memorial is donied.
Ho did not have tho supervision of the distribution
of documents, as he claims. Mr. Thomson, when
the duty of this distribution devolved by law upon
the Department of tho Iutenor, appointed John II.
Wheeler to perform tho duty of superintending this
work, at a salary of a. fourth-class clerk, and added
us his assistant Mr. Wallingsford, a first-class clerk.
These gentlemen performed tliedutySyphax claims
now to lie paid for. ThK I am assured by Colonel
Wheeler, is tho fact, and Mr. Syphax did no more
than the other laborers who were employed—that is,
he did as Colonel Wheeler directed him, and the
responsibility rests alone upon Wheeler.
Summon or write to Colonel Wheeler, (who is now
a clerk in the Census Olhce,) and you will have from
him the oxact facts, from his appointment, in 1857,
to his removal in 1861.
This whole matter is nothing to mo personally;
but I will not sit quietly and witness the selecting
of one man to receive a gratuity from Congress with-
out makina: somo effort to prevent what is not only
unjust to all the other employes of the Department
of the Interior, but an absolute squandering of the
public money.
I have hastily thrown these facte together that you
tnay the better understand what I previously men-
tioned to you in conversation. You are likewise
referred to the Comptroller's report.
Very respectfully,
„ WM. HEMPHILL JONES.
Hon. J, B. Beck.
Mr. SAWYER. I had a large file of papers
in reference to this subject. I have no doubt
the Comptroller is entirely correct in his .state-
ment that this man received all the pay which
"was dae to him as au assistant messenger. I
have mislaid the papers somewhere; I had
them yesterday or the day before. But the
memorial of Mr. Syphax was for additional
compensation; not for duty done as an assist-
ant messenger at all, but for duty done as a
packer of documents in the Interior Depart-
ment, a person who arranged the books which
were ordered to be sent there from the State
Department. He brings the testimony of six
or seven gentlemen who were in the Interior
Department during the period for which he
claims that this service was performed, sus-
taining his statement entirely, that he did per-
form this duty, a duty which in other Depart-
ments then, and now in the same Interior
Department, is paid for at the rate of a first-
class clerk, at $1,200 a year.
-I remember well, when the provision was
put into the act of last session in reference
to this matter, that there was some difficulty
about the wording of the provision. It was
not drawn in such a way that the Comptroller
felt authorized to pay the money, but t^e
committee felt justified in putting the provision
into the bill. When, however, the Comptroller
came to examine it he saw that he was required
to pay Mr. Syphax this sum to equalize his
pay to that of assistant messenger, and the
books of the Department very correctly showed
that he had no claim as assistant messenger
for any such sum of money ; that he had been
fully paid in that capacity. But his memorial
did not call for pa<- in that way. There was
a mistake in the wording of the act, which
should have been " for additional compensa-
tion for performing extra services," and ser-
vices which did not belong to his position, but
services of a character entirely different. Some
six or eight of the letters in the case, which are
somewhere in my possession, either in the room
of the Committee on Appropriations or my
other committec-room, show conclusively that
he did perform the service ; that he performed
it from, I think, the year 1857 to 1863, and
that if he has all that this bill gives him and
all that the bill of last year intended to give
him, he will have considerably less than the
compensation that was paid to others for per-
forming precisely the same duty.
It.is said in one of these letters that some-
body else was responsible for the work which
he did; that he only did it under the direction
of others. All that I have to say is that some
gentlemen, whose names are given there as
those of persons who did the work, testify that
Mr. Syphax did it. Mr. Wallingsford, who is
mentioned among the rest, testifies that Mr.
Syphax did the work. That is all I feel bound
to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was on page 20, line
four hundred and fifty-nine, after the word
"June" to strike out "three" and insert
"thirty."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is merely
a clerical or typographical error, and will be
corrected.
The next amendment was to strike out the
second section of the bill, in the following
words:
Sec. 2. Thatthero be,and hereby is, appropriated,
out of any money ia the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, the sum of $2,750,000 for the expenses of
collecting tho revenue from customs, for each half
year from and after the 30th of June, 1870, and, in
addition thereto, such sums as may bo received dur-
ing said half year from fines, penalties, and forfeit-
ures connected with the customs, and from fees paid
into tho Treasury by customs officers, and from stor-
age, cartage, drayage, labor, and services; and the
resolution " making appropriations for the ex penses
of collecting the revenue from customs," approved
May 3,1836, is hereby repealed.
Mr. COLE. I, for one, do not insist upon
that amendment, and I do not think the com-
mittee will insist upon it. After the represent-
ations made by the head of that Department,
the Secretary of the Treasury, and reading his
report, I, for one, am convinced that the appro-
priation is necessary and indispensable.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This completes
the amendments reported by the Committee on
^r. <COLE. I have another amendment to
offer from the Committee on Appropriations.
It is to insert after line one hundred and twenty-
one, on page 6, the following:
For deficiency in the compensation of clerks and
messengers in the office of the Assistant Treasurer
at Baltimore, $6,760.
For deficiency in the compensation of clerks and
messengers in the depository at Cincinnati, Ohio,
65,250. .
For deficiency m the compensation of clerks and
messengers in the depository at Chicago, $1,100.
For deficiency in the compensation of clerks and
messengers in the depository at Louisville, $800.
For deficiency in contingent expenses, under the
act of August 6,1816, for transportation and care of
the public moneys, $50,000.
For deficiency in the appropriation for compensa-
tion of Assistant Treasurer at New Orleans: $500.
I hardly think it worth while to read a letter
which I hare here from the Treasury Depart-
ment, stating very clearly and at some length
the necessity for these appropriations in these
offices.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There was an
amendment on page 11, in regard to advertis-
ing mail contracts, reserved by the Senator
from Indiana and the Senator from Kansas.
That amendment will now be acted upon.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was on page 11, line two hundred and fifty-
eight, after the word "only" to insert the
words:
And in one newspaper only in each State where
contracts are to be let, and no other advertisement
shall be paid for.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The (juestion is
on agreeing to this amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. MORTON. The effect of the amend-
ment is to confine the advertising of mail let-
tings to one paper in a State. If it is neces-
sary to advertise at all, or if any advertisement
is important, it seems to me if it is confined to
one paper in a State it will not amount to very
much. I shall vote against the amendment
myself.  
Mr. COLE. The committee were of the
opinion that it was an unnecessary source of
expenditure in the several States to print this
long list of mail routes advertised each year
for the State, when only a very few persons
take any interest in them. I conGede that the
public ought to be put upon notice of the let-
tings of the mail contracts; but if a short
advertisement could be published by the Post-
master General in a number of papers of each
State, setting forth that the routes upon which
the biddings are to be made could be furnished
in pamphlet form, as they are furnislied by
the Department to all who ask for them, it
would meet the emergency much better and
with a great deal less expense to the Depart-
ment.
The Committee on Appropriations did not
incorporate in this bill any legislative provis-
ion that such notice as that should be given ;
but inasmuch as a bill is now before Congress,
reorganizing the Post Office Department, I
shall deem it my duty to see to it, unless I
overlook it, that some such provision is incor-
porated in that bill. An advertisement in one
newspaper in a State, it was thought, was
really sufficient to enable all those who desired
information on this subject to get it. In each
State there are but very few contractors for
the mail service, as a general rule.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to ask the
Senator from California in how many news-
papers these lettings are now published in
each State?
Mr. COLE. I do not know; it is impossi-
ble to tell. I think the number varies in the
several States.
Mr, RAMSEY. What is the question 1
