M2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
importunity and to preserve the independence
of the different departments of the G-overn-
,merit, which was postponed yesterday for the
purpose of considering this joint resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and thirty-eight minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 11, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. Q. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. KELSEY, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2689) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1872, and for
■other purposes; which was read a first and
second' time.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union and made a special order
for Friday next after the morning hour, and
that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ARCHER. I desire to reserve all
points of order on the bill.
FRONTIERS OF TEXAS.
Mr. DEGENER, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2090) for the
better protection of the frontiers of Texas ;
which was read first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
ORXlKR OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that the com-
mittee winch would be first called in the regular
order does not desire to report, and I therefore
desire to move that the House shall now resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the legis-
lative appropriation bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawks] is mistaken.
The Committee on Agriculture, which is first
on the list of committees to be called, is pre-
pared to report.
Mr. DAWES. I alluded to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Indian
Affairs is next on the list to the Committee on
Agriculture.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
ask the Chair whether the amnesty bill was
not made a special order for to-day?
Mr. DAWKS. That, is in the House.
The SPEAKER, if the House should agree
to go into Committee of the Whole that would
pievent the consideration of the amnesty bill.
Mr. DAWES. As I now learn that it, is the
Committee on Agriculture which is entitled to
be failed, and that that committee insists upon
its rights, I yield to it, provided that does not
let my colleague [Mr. Bctleb] come in.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why have
committees anymore rights than assigned busi-
ness?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts in charge of the amnesty bill will
recollect that the consideration of that bill
was postponed until after the morning hour
of to-day. It cannot be reached until after
the morning hour.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I wish to say to
the gentleman from Massachusetts that the
Committee on Agriculture has not been called
ior more than a year. It appears to me that
if it is not allowed now to take its place it
might as well be wiped out altogether.
Mr. DAWES. - I demand the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called, the morning hour now begins; and
,the regular business is the calling of commit-
tees for reports, beginning with the Committee
on Agriculture.
Mr-. REEVES. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me to introduce a bill for reference.
The SPEAKER. The- Chair will not recog-
nize in the morning hour any gentlemen ex-
cept those who are authorized by the standing
committees to make reports. The gentleman
from Ohio will proceed, or the next committee
will be called.
CULTIVATION OF TUB PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. WILSON", of Ohio, from the Committee
on Agriculture, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do not pass, the bill (H. R.
No. 2261) to promote the cultivation of the
public lands; and the same was laid on the
table.
department os1 agriculture.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do not pass, the bill (H. R.
No. 1054) to abolish the Department of Agri-
culture ; and the same was laid on the table.
DISSEMINATION 01' INt'OItSIATION".
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported back the bill (H. R. No.
455) to procure and disseminate information
of the extent of cereal and other crops of for-
eign countries, and for other purposes, with
an amendment, in the nature of a substitute.
The SPEAKER. The substitute alone will
be reported, unless the reading of the original
bill is demanded.
ilr. HOLMAN. I reserve the right to ask
for the reading of the original bill after the
reading of the substitute.
The substitute was read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
as follows:
Thnt it shall be the duty of consuls of the various
ranks of the United Slates residing in countries
which raite crops of cereals or other agricultural pro-
ductions wlueh come in competition m the markets
of the world with such produce of the United States,
to collect and transmit quarterly to the Department
of State accurate statistical and other information
showing the condition of such crops inthe countries
in which they may reside ; and also to aid, as far as
practicable, the Department of Agriculture in pro-
curing ?uch rare and valuable floods and plants of
economic and medicinal value as their attention may
be directed to by the Commissioner of Agriculture.
Sec. 2. And he -it further enacted. That it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of State to forthwith
transmit the communications above provided for to
the Department ot Agriculture ; and it shall be the
duty of the Commissioner of Agriculture to prepare
and publish quarterly, in as compact a form as pos-
sible, the substancc of said information, showing
the condition of the various crops in each country
from which reports shall be received, correcting the
same by any other reliable information in "his pos-
session, and to distribute the same among the people
of tho United States.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TRANSPORTATION OF CATTLE.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, also, from the fame
committee, reported back, with an amendment
in the nature of a substitute, a bill (II. R. No.
2018) to prevent cruelty to animals while in
transit by railroad or other means of trans-
portation within the United States.
The substitute was read as follows:
Strike out nil after the enacting clause and inseit
1 the following1:
That no railroad company withinthoUnifccd States
whose road foims any part ol a line of road over
which caftlc, sheep, swine, or otheranimals shall be
conveyed from one State to another, or the owners
or masters of steam, sailing, or other vessels carrying
ur transporting cattle, sheep, swine, or other animals
from one State to another, shall confine the same
in cars, boats, or vessels of any description for a
longer period than twenty-eight consecutive hours
"without unloading- the same for rest, water, and
feeding, for a period of at least five consecutive
hours, unless prevented from so unloading by storm
or other accidental causes. In estimating such con-
finement the time during which the animals have
been confined without such rest on connecting roads
from which they arc received shall be included.it
being the intent of this act to prohibit then* con-
tinuous confinement beyond the period of twenty-
eight hours, except upon contingencies hereinbefore
stated. Animals so unloaded shall be properly fed
and watered during such rest by the owner or person
having the custody thereof, or in ease of his default
in so doin?, then by the railroad company or own-
ers or masters of boats or vessels transporting the
same, at the expense of said owner or person in cus-
tody thereof; and said company, owners, or masters
shall in such eases have a lien upon such animals for
food, care, and custody furnished, and shall not be
liable for any detention of such animals authorized
by this act. Any company, owner, or custodian of
such animals who shall fail to comply with the provis-
ions of this act shall, for each and every such oilen.-o,
be liable for and forfeit and pay a penalty of not less
than $100 nor more than $500: Provided, however.
That when animals shall be carried in cars, boats, or
other vessels in which they can and do have proper
food, water, space, and opportunity for rest, tho
foregoing provisions in regard to their being un-
loaded shall not apply.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the penalty
creatcd by the first section of this act shall berecov-
ered by; indictment in the circuit or district court of
the United States holden within the district where
'the offense may have been committed or the person
or corporation resides or carries on its business; and
it shall be the duty of all United States marshals,
their deputies and subordinates, to prosecute all vio-
lations of this act which shall come to their notice
or knowledge.
Sec. 3. And he it farther enacted, That any person
or corporation entitled to lien under the first section
of this act may enforce the same by a petition filed in
the district court of the United States holden within
thedi?trict where the food, care, and custody shall
have been furnished, or the owner or custodian of
the property resides. And said court shall have power
to issue all suitable process for the enfoicement of
such lien by sale or otherwise, and to compel tho
payment of all costs, charges, and expenbes of the
proceedings.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I wish to
ask the gentleman from Ohio a question, if he
will allow me.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Does_this
law apply to the shipment of stock upon the
Mississippi river on steamboats plying between
St. Louis and New Orleans?
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Of course it does
not. Provision is made in tbe bill that where
on the steamboat or vessel of any kind, or
railroad car in which stock is carried, provis-
ion is made for feeding, watering, and resting.,
the law shall not apply. It only applies to
railroads thathave no such facilities, to through
lines of railroad,
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Bat it
does not apply to steamboats that have all the
accommodations necessary?
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Oh, no ; it expressly
says that it does not apply in such cases.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It seems tome that this
is a very important bill, and proposes the exer-
cise of an extraordinary power by Congress.
I would like to bear from the chairman of the
committee whether this bill does not interfere
with the Constitution, whether it is not an un-
justifiable and unwarrantable interference with
corporations established by the several Sutes.
It seems to me that it does, and that it inter-
feres with the States themselves and their own
internal police. I think it is a regulation which
this Congress has no right to establish. It
seems to me that the bill is a very extraor-
dinary one.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I desire to say, for
the information of the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin and of the House, that this bill has been
very carefully matured and considered, and
that it lias been submitted to some of the most,
able legal gentlemen of this House ; and iJiey
have fully acquiesced in the constitutionality
of its provisions.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it may perhaps be proper
that I should say a word or two in explanation
of this bill, for the satisfaction not only of the
gentleman from Wisconsin, but for the satis-
faction of other members of the House, It is
well known to all that the transportation of
cattle from the West, and from the Southwest*
