484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
Swann, Sypher, Taffe, Van Auken, Van "Wyck,
Ward; William B. Washburn, Wilkinson, Eugene
M. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—66.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
DEATH OF IION. JOHN COVODIS,
The SPEAKER. The Chair has received
& telegram, which will "be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Harrisbueg, Pennsylvania,
. . January 11,1871.
Hon. J. G. Blaine, Speaker of the House:
It becomes my painful duty to inform you that
Hon. John Coyodk died suddenly about five o'clock
this morning in this city. His remainswili be taken
to his residence, in Westmoreland county, at twelve
o'clock to-night. In bis death we have lost a good
citizen, a valuable and faithful public servant, and
a true patriot. JOHN W. GEARY.
CHEROKEE NEUTRAL LANDS.
Mr. ARMSTRONG, by unanimous consent,
.submitted a report, in writing, from the Com-
,ii ttjee.on*lndian Affairs, on the bill to dispose
of the Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas to
actual settlers;' which report was ordered to
be printed, and recommitted to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
TRANSPORTATION OF CATTLE.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bill in relation to the transportation of
cattle, &c.
The SPEAKER. The last vote shows that
~a quorum is present, and the original tellers
will resume their places.
Mr. Wilson, of Ohio, and Mr. Eldridge
resumed their places as tellers.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 91, noes 30.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. BIGGS. Is itin order to move that the
bill be laid upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BIGGS. Then I move that it be laid
upon the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
22, noes 86.
The SPEAKER. One fifth have voted in
the affirmative.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldridge
and Mr. Upson were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-eight, more than one fifth
of those present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAWES. Has not the- morning liour
expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. DAWES. Then I demand the regular
order of business.
death of hon. john covode.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and unanimously adopted :
Resolved, 'That a committee of eight members be
appointed to attend the funeral obsequies of Hon.
John Covode, late a member of this House from the
State of Pennsylvania,
charges against a member.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] who moved the com-
mittee of investigation asked by Hon. James
Brooks desires to be excused from service on
that committee, owing to the fact that he is
u member of the Committee of Ways and
Means. This statement is made to show why
his name does not appear in the list of the
committee, which the Chair announces as
follows :
Mr. Bixghaji of Ohio, Mr. Poland of Ver-
mont, Mr. Kerb of Indiana, Mr. Beaman of
Michigan, and Mr. Biggs of Delaware.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
$Cr. J}AWJ3S, I move that the House
resolve jtself jsto tlja Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My col-
league will pardon me one moment before lie
asks a vote on his motion. The House will
remember that the amnesty bill was postponed
to this time, and I then pledged myself to take
it up. I desire to have it now brought up and
disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The first special order is
a report from the Committee on the Public
Lands. Next to that is the land-grant bill to
the State of Wisconsin. The amnesty bill is
the third on the list of special orders. Special
orders take relative position according to their
VACANCY IN OHIO DELEGATION.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to allow me a moment. I have
received from Ohio a telegram requesting me
to ask whether or not the Governor of Ohio
has been informed of the vacancy in the third
district of Ohio, caused by the appointment of
Mr. Schenck to the mission to England.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is able to an-
swer the gentleman. The resignation of the
honorable gentleman from Ohio was read in
the House on Thursday, and the succeeding
morning the Chair advised the Governor of
Ohio, by letter, of the fact of such resignation.
The Chair cannot answer whether the letter
has been received or not.
EXECUTIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Scofield in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of House bill No.
2524, making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1872.
Mr. DAWES. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of that bill to give the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] an opportunity to
bring up a bill ot pressing importance. I hope
there will be no objection.
Mr. BENJAMlif. What is it ?
Mr. DAWES. An appropriation for the
improvement of the Louisville and Portland
canal.
The motion was agreed to.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. BECK. I desire the Clerk to read the
bill which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole and made the special order for
yesterday. The reasons for this bill are stated
in a letter from General Weitzel, -which has
been placed this morning on the desks of
members.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows:
A bill (II. It. No. 2616) making an additional appro-
priation for the improvement of the Louisville and
Portland canal lor the fiscal year ending June
30.1871.
Be it enacted, &c„ That the additional sum of
$200,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the improvement of the Louisville and
Portland canal during the current fiscal year, to be
expended in accordance with existing laws.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Will the
gentleman yield to me for an amendment to
the bill ?
Mr. BECK. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I desire
to say that I am instructed by the Committee
on Appropriations to offer an amendment, to
add to the end of the section the following
words:
For the completion of the section work at the Des
Moines rapids, $541,000.
This proposition has been considered by
the Committee on Appropriations, and I am
instructed to report it as an amendment to this
bill. It is a very urgent improvement that is
asked for. It is recommended by General
Humphreys, the chief of engineers, on the
report of General Macomb, who has charge
of this work, and who states that unless this
appropriation is made now great disaster is
likely to happen to the work when high water
shall come in the spring. H is a peculiar
work, unlike any other in the United States.
I do not wish to take up the time of the com-
mittee in explaining it, unless it is desired
that I shall do so. I simply state that it is the
opinion of the engineer officers of the Army
that unless this appropriation is made great
loss will be sustained, and great delay will be
caused in the completion of the work.
Mr. NIBLACK. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, for the benefit of
gentlemen on this side of the House who
may not have heard distinctly the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn,] I will state
that these appropriations are in the regular esti-
mates, and are for the purpose of carrying on
public works already begun. Congress will
appropriate these sums of money before it ad-
journs in the general appropriation bills if we
should fail to pass this particular bill. But
these appropriations are urged upon us by those
in charge of the works, and it is simply a ques-
tion whether we shall appropriate them in a
special bill, thus enabling the money to reach
sooner the purpose to which it is to be devoted,
or whether we will allow them to go over for
the present to be considered in the general bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I may
state that I do not wish that this should pre-
judice in any way any work that may be in-
cluded in the general appropriation bill. I
move this under the instruction of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, because it is a mat-
ter of great urgency. And if the eommiltee
will have patience to listen to me for a moment
I will state why this improvement of the Des
Moines rapids is unlike any Other improve
ment in the country. It consists in recovering
a canal from the bed of the Mississippi river.
At this point of its course the Mississippi runs
over a smooth bed of limestone for seven miles,
and this bed we recover from the Iowa shore.
An embankment, seven miles in length, is
erected in the bed of the river. Gentlemen ,
will see how that embankment must continue
to be exposed to destruction until completed ;
and the officers who have the work in charge
state that it is now in great hazard; that unless
it can be completed before the high water of
the spring sets in there is danger that great
damage will ensue, and that it will then cost
more money to complete the work than if the
appropriation is made now.
I do not offer this to prejudice in the slightest
degree the bill of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, which makes an appropriation equally
urgent with that which I ask. These are both
great national works. There are no improve-
ments more urgent, and none in the comple-
tion of which a greater number of the people
of the United States are more interested.
Mr. BECK. I wish to say a word or two
to show why this bill should pas8. • I desire to
occupy as little of the time of the committee
as possible, but will refer gentlemen to the
report of General Weitzel, the superintendent
of this improvement of the Louisville and Port-
land canal, a copy of which was laid on the
desk of every member this morning. Gentle-
men will see from that report that unless this
appropriation of $200,000 is now made the
work which has been already done, or very
much of it, will be lost by reason of tlje caving
in of the banks of the canal. Last year Gen-
eral Weitzel asked for §450,000 for this
work. _ We gave him $250,000. And now the
Committee on Appropriations have determ-
ined, I believe unanimously, that the otner
$200,000 should be given, believing, with Gen-
eral Weitzel, that if this was not done great
loss would be occasioned. Cincinnati, Pitts-
burg, and all the business men on the upper
Ohio, have been crying out for this improve-
ment, and unless this appropriation is made
