1260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15.
shall always be found favoring any proper
measure of economy with regard to the ex-
penses of the Government. I trust I shall
' also be found capable of discriminating be-
tween a true economy and that false economy
which is the greatest wastefulness. -
I know of no greater wastefulness than that
which tends to bring into the service of
the Government, in perhaps its most import-
ant department, the Supreme Court of the
United States, men of inferior capacity and
of inferior character. A very acute and witty
observer said once that the end of all govern-
ment was to give to a man a constable at his
door and twelve honest men in the jury-box.
In this country and at this day, when the tend-
ency is far greater than it was in the country
and in the day when that observer wrote to
withdraw from juries the complex controver-
sies of our more and more -artificial civiliza-
tion, and to confide them where, in my judg-
ment, they are best confided, to the ability, to
the learning, to the honesty, and to the sole
responsibility of a single judge, we should
revise that saying. We should Say rather that
the end of government is to give to a 'man
a policeman at his door, twelve honest men
in the jury-box, and a good judge upon the
bench. With such a government there would
be no cause to fear for the rights of the
people, either in regard to their lives, their
liberties, or their property.
A Senator has suggested, and perhaps it has
been suggested more than once in the course
of this debate, that high salaries had an inju-
rious effect upon the character of the court. I
ask, Mr. President, whether that is the expe-
rience of history? Let us look at that coun-
try—I mean England—whence we draw so
much of our jurisprudence and of our practice
in regard to courts. What has been the expe-
rience there? For years—I had almost said
for two centuries'—in that Country the salaries
of the principal judges have been on the most
liberal scale. I have not the precise figures at
hand, but I will speak far within bounds. The
salary of the lord chancellor of England is
to-day a great deal larger than the salary of
the President of the United States. The sal-
ary of the chief justice of each of the three
courts, the queen's bench, the common pleas,
and the exchequer, is also much higher than
the salary of the President of the United States.
There is, I believe, scarcely a judge among the
twelve judges of the three courts whose salary
is not twice as large as the largest amount now
proposed to be paid to the Chief Justice of
our Supreme Court. All this is besides an
ample retiring pension, quite sufficient to sur-
round the declining years of a judge with com-
petence and comfort.
What has been the result of that_system in
England ? Has the result been to impair the
character of the judges or the usefulness of the
courts? lias it been such as to affect inju-
riously the administration of justice in that
country? We allknowthatexactly thereverse
is the truth. I do not see so much to admire
either in the form of the Government of Eng-
land or in the administration of it as some do,
especially in these latter days. I regard it as
a Government which, both in its form and in its
administration, bears with great harshness, and
indeed in some respects with cruel oppression,
upon the masses of the people as distinguished
from the privileged classes. Long ago, sir, in
my judgment, the English Government would
have suffered a very important and radical
change but for the influence of the judiciary.
That has been the salt which has preserved the
body-politic. They have had there an honest,
able, and faithful judiciary. Every man there
knew that as between him and any other man
he stood upon the same ground in the courts
with his opponent, no better and no worse. 1
speak of private controversies only, and to them
I confine my remarks. In no other department
of the Government do men stand on the same
footing of equal rights and justice as in the
higher courts. The policy there has been by
the highest rewards to procure for the bench
the very best men; to place the judges at once
at ease in their private affairs; and as a policy
it has been an entire success.
Now is it desirable that we should have for
our Supreme Court the best talent which our
country has to give, the highest character, the
utmost fidelity? If we desire them, we must
obtain them in the only way we get anything
else that is good, by giving for it a fair equiva-
lent. There is no other way that ever I heard
of. In that view, how shall we get proper men
for judges? We must draw them from the
ranks of the bar. To do that we must hold
out to the bar a sufficient inducement. We
know how immensely the compensation of
the profession has increased within thfe last
twenty-five years. There is to-day in the
United States many a lawyer whose single
income year by year is very nearly as much as
the whole amount of the increased salaries
which the amendment of the Senate Committee
proposes to pay to the judges of the Supreme
Court, single lawyers whose income from their
profession is very nearly equal to all the sala-
ries put together which our Committee on
Appropriations propose,to pay to the nine
judges of the Supreme Court, the Chief Jus-
tice included. After that will any gentleman
seriously tell me that, in order to obtain the
best talent of the country, you have done any-
thing more than you should do in increasing
the salaries up to the amount fixed by our
committee, of $10,000 a year for each of the
judges and $10,500 for the Chief Justice.
Society has its demands and its duties; it has
its scales of living, as we all know. It is sim-
ply an absurdity for any one with any practical
experience of life in Washington to say that a
judge of the Supreme Court, who has a family
to support and who has his family around him
here, as I think a judge ought to have, can
live respectably or even decently on such sala-
ries as we have been paying to our judges of
the Supreme Court.
How it may be in other States than Cali-
fornia I do not know so well. Undoubtedly it
is true that in many of the States of the Union
the salaries of the judges are extremely, in-
deed inexplicably, low. In the State of Cali-
fornia we have never committed the mistake
of underrating the value of our judges or their
compensation. We have paid them liberally
at all times. The general result is entirely
satisfactory in the character of the men whom
we have secured as judges and in the char-
acter of the work which they have done for
the State. I will offer the thirty-four or
thirty-five volumes of supreme court reports
of our young State, not yet twenty-five years
old, for a comparison with the reports of any
State in this Union. I speak modestly, be-
cause I desire to be understood as speaking
relatively. I say, considering the diversity of'
the questions presented to our supreme court,
their novelty and their difficulty, the result, as
shown in that body of jurisprudence, is ex-
tremely satisfactory and entirely creditable to
California.
I know, sir, that in any vote which I shall
give here for a liberal increase of the salaries
of the judges of the Supreme Court of the
United States I need not fear any disapproval
at home. Strengthened in that belief and con-
fident in the justice of the position which I
have briefly stated, I shall not hesitate to vote
for so much of the amendment of our com-
mittee as proposes to raise the salaries of the
nine judges of our highest court. In so doing
I shall be serving the very highest interests the
country can have. What interests can equal
those that are involved in having the great
issues of our Constitution and laws dealt with
by a Supreme Court every way equal to the
trust ?
Mr. WARNER. I do not desire to protract
this discussion, but I wish to state a single fact
in regard to the circuit judge of the circuit in
which I live. That circuit embraces the six
States of Georgia, FJorida, Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, and Texas. The tact is, that
the proper traveling expenses of the judge in
that circuit consumed at leastlialf of his sal-
ary, and that in view of the fact that he has
felt himself obliged, as ail the judges do, I
believe, to accept passes from the railroads to
some extent. If he were to pay his fare upon
every railroad for every mile that he travels,
and upon every stage line, it would consume
at least $3,600 out of the $5,000 he receives.
Then it is to be remembered that while he is
paying that for his own individual expenses,
his family are at home equally expensive as if
he were with them. He writes me that he has
just returned from holding court at Austin,
Texas, to reach which place he had four hun-
dred miles of stage travel to perform. I sim-
ply state the fact.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
make an inquiry of the Chair, which is this:
if this amendment should be voted down,
would not the proposition of the House for
an increase of the salaries of the Supreme
Court judges still be before the Senate for
their action ? I supposed that both branches
of this subject were retained for disposal, so
that one might be in harmony with the other.
I ask the Chair, if this amendment should be
voted down would not the amendments pro-
posed by the House of Representatives still
remain to be voted npon ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They would.
They, have been reserved in a former part of
the bill, the Chair is advised.
Mr. COLE. It would be so, I apprehend,
if any one should raise a question upon that,
or move to change the proposition of the
House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is pro-
posed to change it by the committee.
Mr. COLE. That is the proposition of the
Senate committee, which is now under con-
sideration.
Mr. CONKLING. If this is voted down
the House proposition will stand.
Mr. COLE. Unless some one moves to
change it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If it were
not for the constitutional prohibition against
Senators accepting office I should suppose
that a very large number of Senators expected
at some time before they died to be placed upon
the supreme bench of the United States.
[Laughter.] Judging by the eulogiums we
have heard this morning, that seems to be the
highest pinnacle upon which gentlemen can
ever hope to be placed; but I suppose it would
be quite unfair to impute any such desire to
Senators in view of the constitutional provision.
It does seem to me that if we roach the point
proposed by the House for raising these sala-
ries it will do very well. I hope, therefore,
that the amendment proposed at the close of
the bill will be defeated.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to say in
behalf of the district judges thai one import-
ant reason why I introduced the bill for the
increase of their salaries was the inadequacy
of the salaries on which the district judges are
required to support themselves. Our district
judge is compelled to go to California, six
hundred and fifty miles, as far as it is from
New York to Charleston, and pay nis expenses.
He receives, I think, a salary of ^:!,u00 in
greenbacks, and all his expenses are in gold.
This consequently reduces his >alary to about
three thousand dollars, and during the war he
only got about fit; eon or eighteen hundred dol-
lars at the price cunency sold. Consequently
he became involved in debt; he is now in deb;,
and I know his necessities. Speaking in his
behalf, 1 desire thut the district judges shuil
at least receive $5,000. I know not how n.
may be with the judge in New Hampshire. 1
am told there is a very small amount of busi-
ness done m his district, and perhaos the pres-
ent salary would be sulliciont for that judge ;
