1872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
literature here from Paris showing the value
of these manuscripts, and there is very good
reason for believing that this is the only oppor-
tunity in the world for procuring them. The
appropriation is not large. The Librarian
thinks it is very desirable to have them. The
joint Committee on the Library think so, and
it is by their direction I move this appropria-
tion. I hope there will be no opposition to it.
Mr. COLE. It has been impossible for me
to be "present in the Committee on Appropri-
ations during the consideration of every bill,
and as the Senator states that my colleague on
the committee says the committee indorse it,
of course that will end the matter so far as I
am concerned.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I move to amend the bill on page
19, after line four hundred and fifty-five, by
inserting the following:
That there be, and hereby is, appropriated for
amount to pay expenses of printing the laws and
journals of the Legislative Assembly of theTerritory
of Wyoming, for the session commencing October,
1869, and for incidental expenses of the Legislative
Assembly and secretary's office, including of&eo
rent, furniture, repairs, stationery, blank bonks,
lights, fuel, and printing, for the year ending 18T0,
$4,250.
Let me call the attention of the chairman
of the committee to the second page of the esti-
mates of the Secretary of the Treasury. He
will find that this amount is estimated for, and
recommended by the Secretary of the Treasury
as the deficit of last year.
Mr. COLE. I find that in the supplemental
book of estimates, and from all the informa-
tion I can gather on the subject, this probably
may be a deficiency.
Mr. BAYAltD. I move to amend the bill
on page 13, after line two hundred and ninety-
four, by inserting the following:
..Provided, That no part of the money hereby ap-
propriated slttill be applied to the payment ef what
is known as the Chorpenning claim.
Mr. COLE. We have put that in two bills
already.
Mr. BAYARD. This amendment is offered
for the purpose of reserving any of those diffi-
cult questions of construction in this appro-
priation. It seems that this money was paid
heretofore under a mere difficulty of construc-
tion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer the fol-
lowing amendment.:
For this amount, to onable the Secretary of the
Interior to liquidate indebtedness incurred by the
superintendent of Indian affairs for Montana Terri-
tory during the year 1869, as approved aud recom-
mended by the Department, $17,920 97.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay for
buildings erected at Fort Union, Montana Territory,
for the use of that agency, by tho authority of the
United States Indian agent, and for depredations
committed by a war party of Indians, which claims
are approved and recommended by the Department,
$16,635.
Mr. COLE. I should like to have an explan-
ation of'this amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. It is recommended by the
Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear your recom-
mendations, and tell us whether the amend-
ment was referred, and all that.
Mr. HARLAN. It has been referred.
Mr. COLE. I certainly feel like resisting
this claim, after having resisted the claim pre-
sented by the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr.
Ramsey.] It is no more meritorious than his.
I therefore move to lay it upon the table. It
ought to go with the other.
Mr. HARLAN. This is entirely different
Jrom the claim that was laid on the table to
which the honorable Senator refers. This is
*or money expended under the direction of the
Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Contrary to law?
Mr. HARLAN. No, I do not think it vio-
lated anylaw. I do not think an officer of the
Government would violate the law, unless the
contingency was very great.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you not know that
they often violate it?
Mr. HARLAN. My honorable friend from
Vermont knows that there is a very marked
difference between doing a thing without au-
hority of law and doing a thing in violation
of law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not see that.
Mr. HARLAN. This was not in violation
of any law that I am aware of, but it was in
harmony with the law. They were there in-
structed to make provision for these Indians,
and they were under the necessity of procuring
buildings in which to shelter the agent and
protect the property of the Government.
Mr. COLE. I move to lay the amendment
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN. I find an error in a refer-
ence to another law on the twentieth page of
the bill. It is in the clause making an appropri-
ation for the payment of pensions to the sol-
diers and the sailors of the war of 1812. It
provides that the provisions of the act passed
at the last session shall be applicable to the
pensions granted to those soldiers, " except
the twelfth section thereof." I do not find
any twelfth section in that law. It intends to
except these soldiers probably from some pro-
vision in the act of last session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
West Virginia states that there is a clerical
error in the provision in regard to paying the
pensions of the soldiers of the war of 181*2.
The Senator can reserve that, and have the
correction made after the bill shall be reported
to the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole will be
regarded as concurred in, if there be no objec-
tion, except the one reserved by the Senator
from Kansas [Mr. PoMERor] on the twelfth
page.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to reserve two
amendments on the ninth page.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does any Sen-
ator desire to reserve any other amendment?
There appears to be none other reserved. All
the amendments except these three will be
regarded as concurred in, and the Secretary
will now report the first reserved amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was on page 9, after line one hundred and
ninety-four, to strike out the following clause :
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay bal-
ancedue on the indebtedness incurred for the Indian
service in California by Austin Wiley, former super-
intendent of Indian affairs, $10,559 54, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. GASSERLY. I am not certain that I
understand the effect of that vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to retain
this paragraph in the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I assent to that.
The next reserved amendment was on page
0, after line one hundred and ninety-nine, to
strike out the following clause :
For subsisting seyen huudred and forty-seven
Ponca Indians from December 1, 1870, to July 1,
1871, including liabilities for the purpose already
incurred, $15,836 64.
Mr. HARLAN. This is for the subsistence
of Ponca Indians on the Missouri river ; and
I may state here, I think without the violation
of any confidence, that it was talked over in
the committee of conference on the Indian
appropriation bill, and would have been pro-
vided for in the amendments to that bill only
that the conferees on the part of the House
said this amount had been put in another bill.
I therefore think it would be unwise to strike
it out here. It is really needed. The crops
of these Indians all failed last year.
I Mr. COLE. There is a provision similar
to this, but larger in amount, for tho next
fiscal year.
Mr. HARLAN. But this is for the present
fiscal year.
Mr. COLE. I am aware of that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole, striking out this
paragraph. ,
The amendment was non-concurred m.
The next reserved amendment was on page
12, after line two hundred and sixty-six, to
strike out the following clause from the appro-
priations for the Post Office Department:
For additional pay to ten female clerks, (folders,)
at $i80 each per annum, in order to make their pay
for the year ending June 30,1871, $900 each, $1,800,
or so much thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. POMEROY. I asked for a separate
vote on that amendment simply because l
could not see the least sense in the world in
striking down the compensation of these per-
sons below $900. Let me call the attention
of the Senate for one minute to the fact that
these persons have to eat, drink, and live.
We pay $1,200 a year to the poorest male
clerks that we have. These female clerks can-
not get board one dime cheaper than men can;
and yet you are not willing to pay them $900
a year. There is not the least sense in this
discrimination. The House agreed to this
clause ; it came herein the bill from'the House,
and our committee propose to strike it out so
as to reduce this pay still lower. It is too
small a matter and too contemptible a thing
to talk about.
Mr. COLE. I helieve this is not reducing
the salary. This is a proposition to raise these
salaries, and I believe it is in contravention of
existing law. I think that was the point we
discovered in committee as the reason why
these salaries should not be raised. These
persons are employed in a different department
of labor from those who receive $900 a year.
The Senator's sympathy ought to extend to
those poor women who scrub out the Treasury
Department and the other Departments for
much less wages than these persons get, for
two or three or four hundred dollars a year.
His sympathies, I have no doubt, will extend to
them as well as this class, who are employed in
a different capacity from the rest in the Post
Office Department. I am afraid this is a prop-
osition raising salaries. It is providing a larger
appropriation for these salaries than is author-
ized by law.
Mr. POMEROY. I dispute that point. If
the Senator will show me that law, I will give
up the case.
Mr. COLE. I have not time to hunt the law.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no such law.
Mr. COLE. Custom makes law.
Mr. POMEROY. Now, Mr. President, these
persons are doing the work formerly done by
men at a much larger price than this. This
folding for the last year has been done by
women, and they expected to receive and the
Postmaster General intended to pay them $900
a year, while men have been paid $1,200 for
this service. The House of Representatives
have agreed to give them $900, and put it in
this bill, and the committee now propose to
strike it out. I hope the Senate will not con-
cur in the amendment. It is not a matter that
we want, to occupy the time of the Senate about,
but if we can succeed in getting tho attention
of the Senate to it I think they will correct
the matter. There is no justice in it. There
cannot be any good ground offered for strik-
ing out the clause. These persons cannot any
more afford to work for $900 a year than men
can who get $1,200, young men, poor men, or
rich men, no matter about that. They have
all got to live. They have got to eat, drink,
and be housed. It requires as much to house
the one as it does the other. This is a species
of cruelty that ought not to be practiced in
this direction.
Mr. COLE. The Senator has not answered
my chief objection. Ho says there can be no
law for this. Custom is law. We have been
