1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1261
■but I understand it was not the intention of
the committee to make any discrimination.
Mr. STEWART. The reason why there is
no discrimination made is this: we propose to
pass a law making it mandatory on the circuit
judges, as I stated before, where the district
judge has not sufficient to do in his own dis-
trict, that lie shall help out where there is too
much lo do. The circuit judges are now by
law authorised to assign the district judges in
this way ; but they say they do not (}o it, for
the reason that the district judges in districts
where there i:i little to do have very small
salaries and are allowed nothing for travel.
Formerly they we:e paid I raveling fees and
expenses; but that law led to an abuse and
we repealed it. It' the judges of the circuit
Courts will take the district judges who have
not sufficient to do and put them where there
is something to do, calling on them when it is
necessary, it will give something for all the dis-
trict judges to do and about an equal amount.
Consequently their salaries should be equal.
Mr. CORBETT. Then I understand if the
judge in New Hampshire has not a sufficient
amount of business to do there he can be
ordered to New York or Charleston.
Mr. STEWART. Yes; and he would be a
good man to send. He is an able man.
-Mr. CORBET!'. The business can be equal-
ized in that way. Hence it will bo necessary
to advance the salaries and give them suf-
ficient, as mileage is stricken off and they
receive no pay but their salaries.
Mr. WILSON. It is in order, I believe, to
move to amend the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. WILSON. I move in the fourth line to
strike out the word " ten " and insert>! eight,"
so that the salary of the Chief Justice shall
stand at SS.oO).
Mr. CONKLING. That is so now if we vote
this down. *
Mr. WILSON. But I want to go through
and make changes throughout the section.
Then I propose in the sixth line to strike out
" ten" and insert •' eight," and in the seventh
line to strike out ".five hundred;" so that the
circuit judges will stand at $7iOOO instead of
$7,000 ; and to strike out "five hundred " in
the tenth line, and to strike out after the word
'' dollar.-','' in the twelfth line, "and of each
district judge. 8-3.00.).
Mr. CONKL1NO. May I make a sugges-
tion to the Seiir.'or
.Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Chair whether
the ann-nd'iv'i'.t. now i-j not divisible? Before
the Sena'e amends i* is it not divisible?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In what
respect?
Mr. CONKLING. There are various sub- >
stamive propositions in the amendment. It is
to increase the salaries of the judges of the :
Supreme Court by so much, and the judges i
of other courts by so much. Can we not •
divide the question and vote separately Qi) the
various courts ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator can move to strike out from the section
certain parts, which has the effect practically
of dividing the question.
Mr. CONKLING. Then it is the same
thing. What I want to suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts is this: as to the judges
of the Supreme Court, if that part of the
amendment applicable to tlieui fails it leaves
the salary just as he proposes that it shall be,
and therefore lie can reach his purpose by vot-
ing against that part of the amendment. The
amount he states is precisely the amount as
the bill comes from the House; so that if this
part of the amomlmeni fails the Senator will
attain liis> ohjeoi.
Mr. WILSON, r understand that the first
part of mj amendment relating to the Supreme
Court is avoiding to the House bill. 1 am
willing to vote for that. There is nothing in
the House bill in regard to the circuit court
judges. They have now 80,000, and it is pro-
posed to give them $7,500. I propose to make
it, $7,000. Then, as to the judges of the Dis-
trict of Columbia and to the judges of the Court
of Claims, it is proposed to give $'5,000. It
is proposed to give the district judges $5,000.
It does seem to me we ought not to adopt that
sum. I propose to strike that portion of the
section out. We want good men and able men.
I am as anxious as anybody to secure good
men; but I do not see how this increase of
salary is to bring us able men or good men.
Most of the district judges are men of capacity
and character. There are some that are said
to be almost worthless; some of them are said
to be poor judges, if not corrupt men. I do not
wish to give these men a salary of §5,000.
Mr: WILLIAMS. The Senator will allow
me to make a suggestion. I think when a
Senator states before the country that there
are certain judges who are corrupt he ought
to be specific. This is an imputation that
applies against the entire number of district
judges of the United States. I know some of
those judges who are as good and as pure men
as there are in the world, and who are entirely
competent in every respect to sit upon the
supreme bench. I think the Senator ought
to be a little guarded in making that charge
against all the judges.
Mr. WILSON. I make no such charges
against all the judges or any of the judges.
I beg the Senator's pardon. The most of
those judges are men of capacity aud high
character, aud in their neighborhood and in
the country everybody knows it and accords it.
There are some of them, however, who are
men of very limited capacity. Against a very
few of them charges have been made in their
sections of the country ; and, I take it, we all
understand who these men are. I do not wish
to vote to raise the salaries of men that I have
no faith in. I have the highest respect for the
Supreme Court, and the circuit court, and
nearly all the judges of the district courts.
Judges, like other officers, must be known by
their acts.
It seems to me there is another reason, and
that is that in some of the.districts the judges
have an immense amount of labor to perform
and in other districts they have very little. We
are told that they may be sent from one place
to another. That is a mere matter of law, and
will not practically be carried into effect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is a question not
entirely easy to decide, it is true. I was my-
self opposed a year ago to the increase of
these salaries, not because the increase would
be wrong in itself in overpaying these gen-
tlemen, for I think it would not; but I thought
it was true then, and I am compelled to say
I think it is true now, that the salaries of the
judiciary of the United States are not out of
proportion below other salaries in the United
States. The truth -is that we are underpaid
for the labor and the time that we are obliged
to devote to the public service, unless you pro-
ceed upon the ground that only men of com-
petency should enter the public service, who
do not need to bo supported by the public,
with their families, while they are engaged in
performing public duties. Therefore I thought,
and still tlunk, in view of the enormous bur-
dens that the country has been obliged to take
upon itself aud to bear, that it would be
wiser not to raise any salaries until we shall
have been able to see our way more clearly to
an increase of our revenues eomparative'iy
and a reduction of our taxation. But I do
think if we are to raise these salaries, and not
others, we ought to raise them up to an ade-
quate point at once, instead of skipping from
a thousand dollars to a thousand dollar,;, as
has sometimes been suggested as the best, way
to do it. So that if these amendments are to
be adopted at all, changing the salaries of the
judiciary or any other of tiie high officers of
the Government, I think we had better pay
them now, once for all, an adequate and com-
plete compensation such, aa the committee
has reported, and not undertake, as they say
in the North, to split the difference with them,
and give them three fourths of what they are
entitled to instead of the whole, if you are to
make any change at all.
As to the district judges, in some of the dis-
tricts if they had no other duties to perform
than those that belong to other important dis-
tricts it would be true that they are paid more
than the time and labor which they are to
devote to that sort of service would require.
But Senators must not forget that by law a dis-
trict judge now is just as much bound to hold
court and perform judicial duty in any other
district than his own as he is at home, pre-
cisely. Whenever the public service requires
his labor, the circuit judge has only to say to
him,"go," and be must go. It is a matter of
duty, a matter of legal obligation. The district
judge in the State of Vermont is obliged by law
to hold court in the city of New York, where
they have not a sufficient supply of judges, it
is said, and the district judge of Vermont has
held, month after month, courts in New York
undfe the law, and as part of his duty, he not
being obliged to devote all his time to the busi-
ness of the courts of the United States in Ver-
mont, because with us there is great confidence
in the local tribunals, and therefore ninety-
nine out of a hundred of the cases over which
the State courts have jurisdiction are tried in
the State courts to the acceptation of every-
body, except the party who gets beat, and he
is never satisfied, of course.
So that, Mr. President., without intending
to occupy the time of the Senate upon this
point, it appears to me that if we are to do
anything we had better do the just, and whole-
some thing of paying these gentlemen an ade-
quate salary at once, such as the committee
has reported.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts made a statement which was rather a
subject of surprise to me, and that is, that it
is well known to the country that there are
several of the district judges who are bad man.
Now, I venture to ask the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts whether, if that be true, we ought
not to pay to the district judges a sufficient
salary to enable us to secure good men; and
if the charges which he has made here against
some of the district judges are true, whether
measures ought not to be taken to present those
judges for impeachment in the proper form,
instead of throwing out a general accusation
of that kind against men who are not here on
trial?
It has beau said that soma of these district
judges do not perform much work. That is
true. Doubtless there are district judges whose
services are entirely performed within the
period of three or four weeks in the year. But
it must be remembered that the judge must be,
in the first plaee, a conipetent person ; and in
the next place, it must be remembered that this
is the only duty he can perform; that he can-
not engage in any other business: that, however
little or much the duties of his district may
demand of his time, he cannot devote himseif
to making money in any other way, nor to any
other occupation for getting a living. In the
district of South Carolina the judge is em-
ployed at least ten months in the. year in actual
sessions in court. In the State which my friend
from New Hampshire represents it is possible
that, the judge may get through with his duties
in six weeks ; but during the rest of the year
that judge cannot engage in the practice «f his
profession, while he has spent ft lifetime in
fitting himself for that duty.
I n my own city there are twenty lawyers, not
one of whom would accept a judgeship of thi;
United States in the circuit court at $7,o0l>,
because they could not afford it; and yet there
are many of those twenty lawyers who are not
men who have the necessary qualifications to
§o on the circuit bench of the United States,
he truth is, in order to get the proper men,
