1871.
?HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
making an appropriation heretofore of $720 a,
year, I think, or about that, for this class of
persons, persons who render a certain descrip-
tion of servic.e; and now the proposition is to
raise them all up to $000. It is a proposition
iiot to reduce but to raise salaries.
Mr. .POMEROY. The Sehator said it was
against tho law. I deny that. There is no
law against it. I want him to produce the law
for that pta-teraent.
Mr. WILLIA-MS. I think it has been a
recognized rule of the Senate not to raise
salaries,in appropriation bills.
Sir. POMEROY. This does not raise any
salaries.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The objfect of an appro-
priation bill is to appropriate such salaries as
are provided for by law. Now, the law pro-
vides that these persons shall receive a certain
compensation for their services. It is the duty
of the Committee oh Appropriations to see that
the amount necessary to pay them is appro-
priated ; but it is not the province of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, or of an appropria-
tion bill, to raise these salaries beyond what
the law prescribes; aud if that be the effect of
this clause, as stated by the chairman of the
committee, I think it ought to be stricken out,
though I favor giving these ladies a good com-
pensation for their services.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator bases his
action entirely on the statement of the chair-
man of the committee. The facts are that
there are ten of these persons employed where
men have heretofore been employed, and the
only question is whether they shall have $900.
There is no law saying that they shall have
six or seven or eight hundred dollars. They
are doing that work under the appointment of
the Postmaster General, and he supposed and
liiey supposed that they were to have $900.
Mr. SAWYER. There are ten of these ladies
in the Post Office Department who are called
folders, some of whom are sometimes assigned
to the same class of duties as are performed by
those who receive $900; but most of them are
employed in folding or doing work for which
the same qualifications are not necessary as for
the female clerks. I should have no sort of
objection to the adoption of the salary of $000
for these ladies if it stopped there; but they
are nuw paid at the rate of $720. They were
put into the Department at the rate of $720.
They are very glad to retain these places at
$720, and there are hundreds who are apply-
ing for the same places at the same salaries. If
" we adopt this amendment, we shall have next
year an application from the same class of
employes in the Treasury Department, of
whom there are a large number, who are paid
at the same rate, to increase their salaries up
to $900.
Mr. POMEROY. There is about as much
sense in that argument as in saying there are
thousands of men who will take any other
offices under the Government.
Mr. COLE. I rise to a point of order.
The Senator from Kansas has spoken several
times in the course of this debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The Chair sustains the
point of order against the Senator from
Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I make the point on the
Senator himself that he has spoken more than
twice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California is not now attempting to
speak. The Chair cannot correct him for hav-
ing spoken hitherto. The question is on con-
curring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, striking from the bill the
provision for additional pay for ten female
clerks.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. COLE. I wish to move an amendment
on page 20, line four hundred and sixty-nine.
My attention lias been called to this by the
Senator from West Virginia, [Mr. Boremajt.]
41st Cosa. 3d Sess.—No. 118.
The committee recommend an amendment in
line four hundred and sixty-nine, striking out
thewords " except the twelfth section thereof."
The PRESIDING OFFICER.* The Chair
•will state that it is w.ithin his knowledge tbat
the committee agreed to report in favor of this
amendment, but by a clerical ferror the amend-
ment is not inserted in the bill. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from California.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line four hundred and
fifty-four on page 10:
For deficiency in appropriation to pay the salary
of Governor, secretary, and judges or the Territory
of Dakota, for tho year ending June 30,1870, $1,700,
or so much of the same as shall be necessary for that
purpose.
The papers in this case went to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. I had them in my
possession. I cannot remember the precise
sum of this deficiency. It is between sixteen
and seventeen hundred dollars, as stated by
the Treasury Department. I have therefore
put it at $1,700, with the limitation that only
so much shall be used of it as may be neces-
sary.
Mr. MORTON. It is necessary to pay the
salaries of the present officers of the Territory.
Mr. COLE. The papers in this case have
been mislaid. I remember very distinctly the
Senator from Maine speaking upon the subject
two or three times, and I am aware that the
papers were referred to the committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. And they are precisely
what I state.
Mr. COLE. It is a deficiency, I do not now
remember how it occurred, of some little drib-
lets to each of these officers.
Mr. HAMLIN. It occurred precisely in
this way: in ttie change of territorial officers
preceding the time when the present officers
went there there had been changes, and they
lapped over and they took a part of the salary
appropriated for the judges and Governor of
1870 and paid it to the preceding judges and
Governor.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask leave to make a report
from a committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will receive it.
income tax.
Mr. SCOTT, from the committee of confer-
ence appointed by the two Houses to consider
the question as to the power of the Senate to
originate the bill (S. No. 1083) to repeal so
much of the act approved July, 1870, entitled
"An act to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes," as continues the income tax
after the 81st day of December 18G9, submit-
ted the following report:
The managers on the part of the Senate of the
conference committee appointed by the two Houses
of Congress to consider the question raised by the
resolution of the House, adopted on the 27th of Jan-
uary, 1871, directing the return to the Senate of
Senate bill No. 1083, to repeal so much of the aet
approved July 14, 1870, entitled "An act to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes," as continues
the income tax after the 31st day of December, 1869,
with the suggestion that section seven of article one
of the Constitution vests in the House of Represent-
atives tha sole power to originate such measures;
and by the resolution of the Senate of February 1,
1871, returning said bill to the House, report:
That, having met, after full and free conferencc,
the joint committee have been unable to agree.
The managers upon the part of the House of Rep-
resentatives, Messrs. Hooper, Allison, and Voou-
hees, maintained "that, according to the true intent
and meaning of the Constitution, it is the right _of
the House of Representatives to originate all bills
relating directly to taxation, including all bills im-
posing or remitting taxes; and that, in the exercise
of that right, the House of Representatives shall
decide the manner and time of the imposition and
remission of all taxes, subject to the right of the
Senate to amend any of such bills, originating in
the House, before such bills have become a law.''
Tho managers upon the part of the Senate main-
tained "that, according to the true intent and mean-
ing of the seventh section of the first article of the
Constitution,4 bills for raising revenue' are those
bills only the direct purpose of which is to raise
revenue by laying and collecting taxes, duties, im-
posts, or excises, and that a bill may originate in the
Senate to repeal a law or portion of a Jaw which
imposes taxes, duties, imposts, or excises;"
In advising adherence to the position taken by the
managers upon the part of the Senate, they deem it
a proper occasion to present the reasons which, in
their opinion, justify them in that advice.,
, The words of thfc Constitution which are viewed in
these opposite senses are as followg:
" All bills for raising revenue shall originate in the
House of Representatives ; but the Senate may pro-
pose or concur with amendments as on other bills."
In seeking for the meaning of this provision, we
naturally look at the history and circumstances
which preceded and attended its adoption, at tho
practice of Congress in its legislation under it, and
at the construction which has been put upon it by
commentators.
The men who framed our Constitution were stu-
dents of the unwritten constitution of England, and
there can be no doubt that this provision is such a
modification of tho practice of the House of Com-
mons, as to rhoney bills, as they believed suited to
the now Government they were then forming.
That wo may see clearly what that practice was,
and the reasons which are assigned for it, wo quote
thewords of Sir William Blackstone:
"The peculiar laws and customs of the House of
Commons relate principally to the raising of taxes
and the elections of members to serve in Parliament:
" First, with regardtotaxe53.it h the ancient indis-
putable privilege and right of the House of Cofcn-
mons that all grants of subsidies or parliamentary
aids do begin in their house, and are First bestowed
by them; although their grants are not effectual, to
all intents and purposes, until they have the assent
of the other two branches of the Legislature. The
general reason given for this exclusive privilege of
the House of Commons is that the supplies are raised
upon thebody ofthe people, and therefore it is proper
that they alone should have the right of taxing them-
selves. This reason would bo unanswerable if tho
Commons taxed none but themselves; but itis noto-
rious that a very largo share of property is in the
possession of tho House of Lords; that this property
is equally taxable, and taxed as tho property of the
Commons; and therefore the Commons not being the
sole persons taxed, this cannot bo the reason of their
having the sole right of raising and modeling the
supply. The true reason, arising from the spirit of
our constitution, seems to be this: the Lords being
a permanent, hereditary body, created at pleasure
by theking, are supposed more liable to be influenced
by tho Crown, and when once influenced to continue
so, than the Commons, who are a temporary, elect-
ive body, freely nominated by the people. It would
therefore be extremely dangerous to give the Lords
any power of framing new taxes for the subject; it
is sufficient that they have a power of rejecting, if
they think the Commons too lavish or improvident
in their grants. But so unreasonably jealous are tho
Commons of this valuable privilege that herein the/
will not suffer the other houso to exert any power
but that of rejecting; they will not permit the least
alteration or amendment to be made by the Lords to
the mode of taxingthe people by a money bill; under
which appellatioh are included all bills by which
money is directed to be raised upon the subject,
for any purposo or in any shape whatsoever; either
for the exigencies of tho Government, and collect-
ed from the kingdom in general, as the land tax;
or for private benefit, and collected in any partic-
ular district, as by turnpikes, parish rates, and tho
like."—ttlackstonc's Commentaries, bookl, chapter 2,
pages 1G8,169.
Money bills, in the practice of Parliament, embrace
not only those by which money is directed to be
raised, but also those by which supplies are granted,
orw hat we term appropriation bills. Not only was
the right claimed and exorcised by the Commons to
originate both these classes of bills, but finally, in
1678. their claim was urged so far as to exclude tbe
Lords from all power ot amending bills of supply.
On the 3d ot July in that year they resolved—
" That all aids and supplies ought to begin with the
Commons, and that it is the undoubted and sole right
ofthe Commons to direct, limit, and appoint in such
bill the ends, purposes, considerations, conditions,
limitations, and qualifications of such grants, which
ought not to be changed or altered by the House of
Lords.''—May1 ^Parliamentary Practice, pages 506,507.
Bearing in mind the practice and the reasons for
it, as given by Blackstone, we next come to consider
the circumstanccs attendantupou the adoption of tho
clause of tho Constitution, the true intent and mean-
ing of which is the subject of disagreement between
tbe House and the Senate. .
No question could have presented itself m'ore for-
cibly to the minds of the members of the Convention
which framed the Constitution than that of taxation.
Tne inability of the Confederation to enforce its re-
quisitions for revenue upon tbe States was one of
the leading causes, if not the leading cause, which
led to the call for that Convention. .
What light, then, do the proceedings which re-
sulted in the adoption of the clause under consid-
eration shed upon its meaning?
That Convention met on the 14ta of V -n
a majority of members did not appear until tne^otn
of that month. , . 
The first proposition bearing upon this quostjon
was offered immediately after the adoption ox the
rules for regulating the proceedings, upon the Z.ili
of May. It appears in the resolution offered .by
Edmund liandolph. The prior resolutions having
provided for two branches ot a national Legislature,
the sixth reads thus: - \.L c
"That each branch ought to possess the right of
Originating acts.—1 Elliot's Debates, page 14-1,
