436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11.
States has ever given for all the improvements
of rivers and harbors since 1824, when these
appropriations were first commenced. The sain
of $1,918,200 has already been appropriated
for the improvement of the Des Moines rap-
ids, and for the Louisville canal the sum of
$5(32,200 has already been appropriated.
Now, Mr. Chairman, all the estimates of the
engineers, which are just as pressing and just
as binding upon this House in regard to a hun-
dred and fifty other harbor and river improve-
ments in which almost every member of this
House is interested as they are in regard to
these two, amount in the aggregate to a little
Over ten million dollars, as they did last year
to over ten million dollars.
Sir, I have to say to you and to this Com-
mittee of the Whole that this House cannot
meet all the requests of the engineers. The
finances of the country will not permit su-ch
extensive appropriations, however desirable
they may be in themselves. It has become
the duty of the Committee on Commerce to
single out these works, and to apportion from
the amount which we shall recommend so
much, and so much only, to each one as the
necessities of the case and the necessities of
the Government and its interests require.
I have another thing to say to gentlemen
here. These two works 1'ally around them for
their support gentlemen who do not favor gen-
eral appropriations for other river and other
harbor improvements; and if gentlemen wish
to fritter away the aid which should be given to
a general bill, then let them pass these special
appropriations and prepare to bid farewell to
tlie support of some of the gentlemen who ask
for these two appropriations.
Now, sir, the committee to which I belong
have examined, every report and every ap-
pendix to every report, and have made their
calculations and have prepared their statistics,
so that they hope to be able to present to this
House a bill which shall not exceed the amount
of the appropriation made at the last session
of Congress ; that was three or three and a half
million dollars. They believe that that is all
which the interests and finances of the coun-
try will permitthis Congress to appropriate for
these public works ; not all that we would de-
sire, but all that it is prudent and appropri-
ate for Congress to give at this time. It is
necessary that we should make some reduction
of the estimate in reference to each of these
works, some upon these two as well as upon
olhers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MYEIiS. I desire to enter my earnest
protest against the introduction of this amend-
ment. The chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes,] time and again,
heretofore as well as at this session of Con-
gress, and particularly latterly, has in a loud
voice warned the House not to fritter away its
time, but to proceed to the consideration of
the appropriation bills for the necessary ex-
penses of the Government. Heretofore, when-
ever motions have been made, reports from
appropriate -committees that seemed in any
•way to infringe upon the notions of the several
gentlemen of the Committeeon Appropriations,
they were met with the outcry of economy :
"The people demand economy; we cannot
pass these large appropriations." Yet we all
know the fact that early in the last session of
Congress the economical gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Washburn] came in here and in
hot haste got through an enormous appropri-
ation for the improvement of the Des Moines
rapids. Plight after that, as soon as that object
was accomplished, his voice was heard among
the loudest of those denouncing this squander-
ing of the public money.
And now, not waiting for its legitimate turn,
finding the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations [Mr. Dawes] very willing to
yield to this bill, the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Washburn] again comes in ahead of
the regular appropriations, which seemed so
lately to demand the immediate attention of
this House, and brings forward once more a
little bill for this work, appropriating a large
amount. And upon'what pretext? Why, sir,
it is said, year after year, that it is absolutely
necessary to make the appropriation to save
this great work; that it is absolutely necessary
that we should from year toyear expend a
large sum to save this work in his particular
locality.
Sir, it is just as necessary that a number of
other works- which have been pronounced fit
to be constructed by this Government shall
have the attention of this House, and that
they shall have its attention in their order. I
hope the House will not allow this bill to pass
out of its regular order. It is foisted upon
our attention in a manner peculiar to that gen-
tleman, bat not in deference to the exigencies
of the other works for which we have hereto-
fore made appropriations: We are going to
repeat, it appears, what has been attempted
with regard to another committee;. we are
going to undertake to forestall the action ot
an appropriate committee which has been
examining the case, and pass an appropria-
tion before the suitable committee can report.
When this proposition comes in at its appro-
priate time I shall not make any factious
opposition; but I hope that at this time the
proposition will not be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Conger] seems to be
apprehensive that the Committee on Appropri-
ations are disposed to infringe upon the pre-
rogatives of the Committee on Commerce, of
which he is a member. Now, I will assure the
gentleman that no men in this House appre-
ciate more highly the labors and the policy of
the Committee on Commerce in reference to
river and harbor improvements than do the
Committee on Appropriations. No men in this
House have accorded to that committee more
hearty support in the measures which they have
brought herein reference to rivers and harbors
than have the members of the Committee on
Appropriations; and no men in this House
will more heartily promise in advance, from
the knowledge they have of what that commit-
tee has done, their support for the measures
which the committee is expected to report.
This bill is not now presented with any dis-
position to withdraw from that committee one
particle of the matter properly before it.
But, Mr. Chairman, the bill before the Com-
mittee on Commerce is designed to provide
appropriations to take effect from and afterthe
1st of July next. Here are two great public
works which have received the attention of the
country for years. The Government has sanc-
tioned these works under a report of engineers
of an estimate of the entire cost. Under that
report it has been necessary from time to time
to make the appropriations.
A great part of the work upon the Des
Moines rapids consists of two walls built in
the bed of the river. -Whether the work is
proper and necessary is for the Department
and the engineers, under the sanction of Con-
gress, to say. They have said that this is a
proper public work. Those walls are just upon
the edge of the water. Several hundred thou-
sand dollars have been expended for earth work,
put in behind them. If left there during this
winter without further work upon them, the ice
in the spring will wash them all out. Thus all
the money already appropriated will be lost,
and the completion of this public work greatly
postponed.
Now, Mr. Chairman, because the bill pro-
posed by the Committee on Commerce is not
to take effect until next July, the engineer de-
partment, the Secretary of War, and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, without any desire
to infringe upon the province of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, have felt it important that
this measure should be passed at once in the
interest of economy for the prosecution of im-
portant public works, in such a manner that
the least possible amount of money will be
wasted, and the most valuable results obtained
from the expenditure.
I know that this bill is exposed to such inti-
mations as that of the gentleman' from Mich-
igan, [Mr. CosopR,] enforced by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers.] 1
am aware that this proposition may be con-
strued into an indirect attempt to get more for
river and harbor improvements in particular
localities than would be obtained if tlie appro-
priations were deferred to take their place in the
regular river and harbor bill. But if the gen-
tlemen making this intimation would look into
the special character of this bill and this work
they would see at once that it is unworthy of
them to oppose the bill upon that ground.
There are certain river improvements which,
in their importance with reference to the com-
merce and the business of the country, rise
above those general improvements that char
acterize the bill of the Committee on Com-
merce for this session, as they did that of last
year. Certain great channels of water com-
munication in this country deserve to be lifted
out of that family of appropriations embraced
in the ordinary river and harbor bill—deserve
the special attention of Congress, because they
are the arteries -while the others are merely
the veins. The effect of these improvements
upon the great channels of trade in tbis coun-
try is as visible in the life and growth of busi-
ness as is the vital importance of the arteries
in the human system. Let us not, then, con-
tend whether one or another committee should
have precedence in reference to such a meas-
ure as this. Let ua not ask that proper anil
needful appropriations for great public works
shall be delayed so that the elements shall
each winter blot out all that has been done
the preceding summer. Let us not illustrate
in our legislation the remark of the gentleman
from Kentucky, in reference to the embank
ments around this Capitol, that all that Sisyphus
can do in the summer is to restore what has
been washed down in the winter.
I hope, therefore, on no such inconsider-
able objection as the fact that this is to be
advantaged in time over the other appropria-
tions, or upon any reason arising out of some
chronic opposition to general appropriation
for these improvements—upon no such small
objection as that arising out of some interest
ki another quarter which is asking for an
appropriation, will this House be induced to
omit this appropriation at this time, which
has been brought here under the statement
of the Committee on Appropriations, derived
from official sources, that unless this appro-
priation be now made hundreds of thousands
of dollars of valuable public works will go
into the Gulf of Mexico.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MYERS. I should like to know whether
this wall will be enough to prevent this being
washed away next winter.
-Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Mr. Chair-
man, of course no one in this House can doubt
the importance of this improvement. I am
very sorry to differ from my colleague on the
Committeeon Commerce from Michigan, [Mr.
CoiTgkr.] This is a work of such a character
that I do not think any technicality ought to be
interposed ; none whatever. What has been
said in the report which lies upon the desk of
every member here I know, from recent per-
sonal observation, to be true so far as regards
the Louisville and Portland canal; and 1 wish
to say to this House that one of two things
must happen if this appropriation bill is not
passed: either thecommerce of the Ohio liver
must entirely cease for this winter, or the
work which has been so far completed must
suffer serious injury or be entirely destroyed.
In New Orleans to day the priee of coal has
more than doubled because it is impossible for
steamboats or rafts to get to the lower Missis-
sippi in consequence of this obstruction. The
