1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1263
supposed tbat by raising their salaries they
would be able to go into other districts as they
had been doing before, without paying their
expenses; but it seems to have been under-
stood by the district judges that they were not
compelled to go out of their districts. Now,
my understanding of the statute and of the
duties of a judge of the district court is that
he is just as much compelled to hold a court
in one district of the United States as another
when the law requires it; but in order to make
that clear, and that there may be no misunder-
standing about it, I have prepared an amend-
ment which I trust the Senate will adopt, which
I will read, as it is in my own handwriting. It
is to add to this section the following :
(And it shall be thednty of tbepireuit judge in each
judicial circuit, whenever in his judgment the public
interest shall so require, to designate and appoint, in
the manner and with all the powers provided in an
act to provide for holding the courts of the United
States in case of the sickness or other disability of
the judges of the district courts approved July 29,
ISoO, the district judge of any judicial district within
his circuit to hold a district or circuit court in the
place or aid of any other district judge within the
same circuit: and it shall be the duty of such district
judge as shall be for that purpose designated and
appointed to hold the district or circuit court as
aforesaid without any other compensation than his
regular salary as established bylaw.
That will make the performance of duties
by the district judges somewhat equal, if the
circuit judges do their duty and the district
judges do their duty, and it will also relieve
us of the necessity of making additional dis-
tricts, because there are many district judges
in the United States who do not hold court
four weeks in the year. Let them go into
those districts where it is said there is such a
crowd of business and hold the courts there,
when we give them $5,000 a year for doing it.
I hope the Senate will agree to that amend-
ment-
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations as it now stands pend-
ing—it has not been adopted ; it has been
amended on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts—is still open to amendment as
to the rate of pay, for example, of the judges
in this District ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, except in
regard to the four amounts which have been
specifically put in; but the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois is an amendment to add
to the section, after which it will be open to
further amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I am aware of that. The
amendment now offered proceedsupon the pre-
sumption that the equality of district judges
which appears here is to be preserved. There-
fore I suggest as to the order of business, that
the section had better be perfected, if it is to be,
before this amendment is offered, because if
the equality which at this moment prevails
shall be destroyed by motions which shall be
submitted to graduate the pay of the district
judges, then the principal reason which now
appears for this amendment would not exist.
I do not know but that it is the purpose of
some other Senator, perhaps the Senator on
my right, [Mr. Hamlix,] to make the motion,
and it' so, I will not make it; but the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts leaves
an equality between the salaries of the chief
judge and the associate judges in both of the
courts here, the Court of Claims and the
supremo court of the District. I think that
is objectionable; and so I think it is quite
objectionable to equalize the pay of district
judges; and therefore, unless some other Sen-
ator proposes a motion to test the sense of
the Senate in that regard, I shall move to
strike out the words "and of each district
judge, £5.000."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion
would not be in order at the present time, or
until action is had on the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois, unless he withdraws his
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. That may bo so. Of
course, if that amendment is insisted upon I
shall reserve this amendment until afterward.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Do not withdraw your
amendment; stick to it.
Mr. CONKLING. Whenever it is in order,
unless the motion is made by some other Sen-
ator, I shall move the amendment I have indi-
cated. It seems to me, however, as the Sen-
ator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] now sug-
gests to me, that it would be more logical to
perfect the section as it is, as we mean to
have it, before adding to it; but I have no
control over it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Sena-
tor from Illinois allows his amendment to be
reserved temporarily the amendment of the
Senator from New York can be offered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am in favor of keep-
ing the salaries of the district judges all alike,
and then requiring them to perform duty in
other districts. I think that would be better;
otherwise, I would withdraw my amendment
for the purpose suggested. But I think it
would be better for the public interest to put
them all together. It will make but a very
small difference in amount, if yon undertake
to grade them, and I think it somewhat im-
portant to require them to go into other dis-
tricts. I think it will save us from making
some new districts. On the whole, I think it
is better to keep them all at $5,000, and then
adopt the amendment I have suggested. If
the Senate should agree with me, that will
be an additional reason for adhering to the
salary of $3,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois insists on his amendment, having pri-
ority, being first acted upon.
Mr. CONKLING. I will only say at this
moment that unless some other Senator shall
anticipate me, I shall move to graduate the
salaries of the associate judges as compared
with the chief judges of the Court of Claims
and the supreme court of the District; and
also to graduate the salaries of the district
judges, disbelieving as I do in the efficiency
of the amendment now offered. As the law
stands, the district judges are liable to be
called upon to go from their own district to
another district to hold court. It is now pro-
posed to make it mandatory, in the language
of the Senator from Nevada some time ago :
and I submit that that will result in the pres-
ent condition of things, namely, that when
there is a necessity for a district judge to go.
and he chooses to go, it is convenient for him
to go, he will go; and that will be all there
will be of the effect of it after we shall have
adopted this amendment. Therefore I shall
vote to graduate the salaries of the judges
of these different courts.
Mr. STEARNS. One thought occurs to me
in connection with this idea of sending district
judges from one district to another. It will
be recollected that the bankrupt law provides
that the district court shall be open for business
under that law at all times, and it is well known,
too, that in involuntary cases the adjudication
must be by the judge of the district court. It
seems to me 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
request the Senator from Minnesota to suspend
his remarks. The hour of half past four o'clock
having arrived, the Senate now takes a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
order- of business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The legislative, executive,
and judicial appropriation bill is before the
Senate, the pending question being on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. TuvmbvLl] to the amendment report-
ed by the Committee on Appropriations as an
additional section to the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was detained in my
committee-room this morning when the morn-
ing business was being transacted, and* as
there is no quorum present at this moment, I
ask permission to present a petition and to
make some reports of a formal character. I
suppose there will be no objection to present-
ing those before we commence with the appro-
priation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois asks unanimous consent to
present a petition and some reports.
Mr. COLE. Cannot the Senator as readily
put them over until to-morrow?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the Senator
cannot go on with the appropriation bill in the
condition of the Senate at the present moment,
and I thought that I had better occupy the
time in presenting some reports.
Mr. COLE. I am only afraid it will open
the door for other business. That is all I am
alarmed about.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should object to doing
any business of any importance in the pres-
ent condition of the Senate. I suppose there
could be no objection to presenting petitions
or reports.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will receive the petition.
petition.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of J.
N. Lee and others, soldiers of the late war of
the rebellion, praying such an amendment to
the homestead law as will be to their benefit;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
reports of committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 120-3) to regulate the taking of testi-
mony in the courts of the United States, and
prescribing fees to be charged for the issuing
and service of the necessary papers therein,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its in-
definite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am also directed by
the same committee, to whom was referred
the bill (5. No. 1234) supplementary to an
act entitled '-'An act to protect all citizens of
the United States in their civil rights, and to fur-
nish the means for their vindication," passed
April 9, 18G6, to report it back adversely.
This bill was introduced by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Soixer,] and 1 think he
would like to have it go on the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will go
on the Calendar with the adverse report of the
committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1278) to
confirm certain bona fide titles, have instructed
me to report it back adversely. The bill was
introduced by the Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Ramsey,] who is not now in his seat,
and I have no ohjeetion to its going on the
Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be placed on the Calendar with the adverse
report of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1204) to
extend the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
have instructed me to make a similar report
in that case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no dissent, the bill will be indefinitely post-
poned.
Mr. RICE. I wish that bill to go on the
Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse report
of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL, frem the same commit-
tee, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. It. No. 28-i) proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
