1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBli.
t'875
the act supplementary to an actio regulate the duties
on imports and tonnage. (Statutes, vol. 3, p. 869,
ch. 50. March 3,1817.)
Third. To continue inforceactpassed20thofMay,
ISIS, supplementary to the act to regulate the col-
lection of duties on imports and tonnage, pnssed
March 2,1799. (Statutes, vol. 3, p. 563, ch. 44. April
13,1820.)
Fourth. To equalize the duties on vessels of the
republic of Colombia and their cargoes. (Vol. 4,
1>. 154. ch. 26. April 20, 1826.)
Fifth. In addition to an act concerning discrim-
inating duties of tonnage and imports, and to equal-
ize the duties on Prussian vessels and their cargoes.
(Vol. 4, p. 303, ch. 11. May 24,1823.)
>S>xth. To repeal the tonnage duties upon ship?
and vessels of the United States, and upon certain
foreign vessels. (Vol. 4, p. 425, ch. 219. May 31,
MO
£>'>vfnth. To explain and amend the eighteenth
section oftheactof July 14,1832, to alter and amend
rim several acts imposing duties on imports. (Vol.
4.  «. 035. ch. 53. March 2,1833.)
L'-r/hih. An act concerning the duties on lead.
'Vol. 4, }). 717, ch. 139. June 30,1834.)
jS'utfh. Furtherto suspend the operation of certain
i foviso3 to an act to alter and amend the several
imposing duties on imports, approved July 14,
j(Vol, 4, p. 778, ch. 44. March 3,1835.)
'Ct n'h. To suspend the discriminating duties upon
,roods imported 111 vessels of Portugal, and to reduce
.!<" duties on wines. (Statutes, vol. 5, p. 725,ch.309.
July 4. 18-56.)
L'/fiventh. Explanatory of an act to release from
duty iron prepared for and actually laid on railways
M d inclined planes. (Statutes, vol. 5, p. (51, ch. 233.
July i. 1836.)
Twelfth. An act regulating commercial intercourse
with the port of Cayenne, in the colony of French
(JJuuna, and to remit certain duties. (Statutes, vol.
■r\ p. 4S9. June 1,1842.)
Thirteenth. To reduce the rates of postage, to limit
the use and correct the abuse of the franking priv-
ilege, and for prevention of frauds on the revenues
*">t thePo^t Office Department. (Statutes, vol. 5, p.
7-52. ch. 4J. March 3,184-5.)
j our.'ecnth. An act reducing the duty on imports,
;■ -)<! tor other purposes. (Statutes, vol. 11, p. 192,
^>i i'S. March 3,1857.)
fiU'irntlt. Supplementary to act to authorize a
li.i ional loan, and for other purposes. (Statutes,
vol. 12. p. 313. ch. 48. August 5, 1846.)
,v I'tcenth. An act to authorize the refunding of the
n«monnl debt. (Statutes of second session Forty-
Tiitl Congress, p. 272. July 14, 1870.)
Having examined the adoption of this clause of the
Constitution and the practice under it, let us now
look at the construction which has been put upon it
by commentators and others of authority. In aiding
u-< to construe it we quote what Gouverneur Mor-
ris, one of that committee ot revision, says in his
remarkable letter to Timothy Pickering, written in
1814:
"What can a history of the Constitution avail
toward interpreting its provisions? This must be
done by comparing the plain import of the words
wub the general tenor and objectof the instrument.
That instrument was written by the lingers which
write this letter. Having rejected redundant and
equivocal terms, I believed it to be as cle.ir as our
l.mguiJgc would permit, excepting, nevertheless, a
p.u t ot what relates to the judiciary."
If the language had been, " ail bills for the pur-
po^e of raising revenue," it would hardly be con-
tended that the plain import of these words would
include not only a bill to appropriate revenue, but
also one to repeal an act which had for its purpose
the raising of revenue. And yet if these words had
been inserted, it is submitted they would have been
considered redundant, andstricken out. # Thewords
now used convey the same meaning as if Mr. Ran-
dolph's amendment bad been adopted, the term
" revenue" being substituted for money. A bill for
raiding revenue, in the plain import of the words,
means a bill which intends to have, and will have,
the effect of raising revenue; not of raising in the
of increasing, but of producing, yielding rev-
eirio.and pui ting it into the Treasury.
George M.ison,in assigning his reasons for notsign -
im; the Constitution, (1 Elliot's Debates, page 494,)
" The Renatehave the power of altering all money
bill?, and oi originating appropriations of money,
and (he salaries of the officers of their own appoint-
ment. in conjunction with the President of the Uni-
i cil States, although they are not the representatives
of the people, or amenable to them."
Stoiy. in his Commentaries on the Constitution,
ni'ier reviewing the practice as to money bills in the
British Parliament, nnd the history of the clause in
our Constitution, says:
" What bills are properly bills for raising revenue,
in the sense of the Constitution, has been matter of
pome discussion. A learned commentator supposes
Hint every bill which indirectly or consequentially
may raise revenue is, within the sense ot the Con-
stitution, a revenue bill. I£e therefore thinks that
the bills lor establishing thePostOffiue and the Mint,
and reculating the value of foreign coins belong to
this class, and ought not to have originated, as in
fact, they did. in the Senate. (1 Tucker's Black.
Com., appendix 261 and note.) But the practical
construction of the Constitution has been against
his opinion. And. indeed, the history of the origin
ot the power already suggested abundantly proves
that it has been confincd to billsto levy taxes in the
strict sense of the words, and has not been under-
stood to extend to bills for other purposes which
may incidentally create revenue, £Jo cue supposes
that a bill to sell any of the public lands, or to sell
the public stock, is a bill to raise revenue in the
sense of the Constitution. Much less would a bill be
so deemed which merely regulated the value of for-
eign or domestic coins, or authorized a discbarge of
insolvent debtors upon assignments of their estates
to the United States, giving a priority of payment
to the United States in cascsof insolvency, although
all of them might incidentally bring revenue into
the ireasury." (Section 877.)
The same view is taken in Bouvier's Law Diction-
ary, title " Money bills." Rawle. in his view of the
Constitution, (page 60,) questions the policy or neces-
sity of tbis exception, but says, "It was probably
supposed that the members of the House of Repre-
sents!! ves, coming more frequently from the body
of the people, and from their numbers, combining
greater variety ot character and employment, would
be well qualified to judge not only of the necessity
but also of the methods of raising revenue. Oa all
other subjects a bill may originate ineither House."
Cuitis.m his History of theConstitution. considers
that the adoption of this clause was influenced by
the settlement of the mode of electing the Presi-
dent, in case of failure to choose by the electors. He
says:
"To this great influence [that of electing the
President by the Senate] many members from the
largerStates desired, naturally, to add the privilege
of confining the origin of revenue bills to the House
of R-eprescntatives. They found in the committee
some members from the smaller States willing to
concede this privilege, as the price of an ultimate
election of th« Executive by the Senate, and of other
arrangements which tended to elevate the tone of
the Government by increasing the power and influ-
ence of the Senate. They found others also who
approved of it upon principle. The compromise
was accordingly effected in the committee, and in
this attitude the question concerning the revenue
bills again came before the Convention.
'"But there, a scheme thatseeraed likely to elevate
the Senate into a powerful oligarchy, and that would
ccrtainly i>ut it in the power of seven States, not
containing a third of the people, to cleet the Exec-
utive, when there failed to be a choicc by the elect-
ors, met with strenuous resistance. For theso and
other reasons not necessary to bo recountedhere.the
ultimate choice of the Executive was transferred
from the Senate to the House of Representatives.
This change, if coupled with the concession of rev-
enue bills to the House, without the right to amend
in the Senate, would have thrown a large balance
of power into the former Assembly; and, in order
to prevent this inequality, a provision was made, in
the words used in the constitution of Massachusetts,
that the Senate might propose or concur with amend-
ments, as on other bilis. With this addition the re-
striction of the origin of bills for raising revenue to
the House of Representatives finally passed with
but two dissentient votes/' (Vol. 2, pages 221-2.)
Adding as a foot-note:
"Tho history of this provision shows clearly that
a bill for appropriating money may originate m the
Senate."
The only authority quoted as directly asserting the
view now taken by the House managers is Tucker's
Blackstone, (vol. 1, page 195,) and note in appendix,
(pngo 261.)
Trie first reference we find to be a discussion, not
of this clause of the Constitution, but ot the equal-
ity of representation in the Senate, and, taken all
together, does not sustain the position for which
it is Quoted. It reads thus:
"As States, then, Rhode Island and Delaware are
entitled to an equal weight in council on all occasions
where that weight does not impose a burden upon
the other States in the Union. Now, as the relation
between taxation and representation in one brunch
of the Legislature was fixed by an invariable stand-
ard, and as that branch of the Legislature possesses
tho exclusive right of originating bills on the subject
of revenue, tho undue weight of tho smaller States
is guarded against effectually in the imposition of
burdens. In all other cases their interests as States
are equal, and deserve equal attention from the Con-
federate Government. This could no way be so effect-
ually provided for as in giving them equal weight
in the second branch of the Legislature, and in the
Executive, whose province it is to make treaties, &e.
Without this equality somewhere the Union could
not, under any possible view, have been considered
as nn equal alliance between equal States. Thedis-
parity which must have prevailed had the appor-
tionment of representation been the same in the
Senate as in the other House would have been such
as to have submitted the smaller States to the most
debasing dependence. I cannot, therefore, but re-
gard this particular in the Constitution as one of
the happiest traits in it, and calculated to cement
the Union equally with any other provision that it
contains."
On page 261 is a discussion of the power to coin
money, and in a. note the opinion of the annotator
is shown to be contrary to the practice of the Gov-
ernment in its early history. We give it in full.
Speaking of the bill which allowed a charge for coin-
age at the Mint, he says:
"Consequently, every bill for this purpose, or for
any other 1)y which a revenue may be raised, should
uncinate in the House of Representatives. Yet I
am very much mistaken if a recurrence to the early
Journals of the Senate of the United States would
not prove that the several acts lor establishing the
Post Office, for regulating the value of foreign coins,
and for establishing a Mint, all originated in the
Senate. Tho reason of the acquiescence of the House
of Representatives on these occasions probably was,
that no revenue was intended to be drawn to the
Government by these laws; -whereas, strictly speak-
ing, a revenue is raised by the act establishing the
Mint (2 Cong., c. 16, sec. 14) equal to one half per
cent., as an indemnification to i be Mint lor the coin-
age; and in the case of the bill fur establishing tho
Post Office, there can be no room to doubt that it
operates as a revenue law, and that to a very con-
siderable amount."
To show, however, the same author's view of the
clause now under consideration, we quoto him on
page 215:
" In the course of this parallel we have seen that
every deviation in the Constitution of the United
States from that of Great Britain has been attended
with a decided advantage nnd superiority on the
part of the former. We shall perhaps discover, be-
fore we dismiss the comparison between them, that
all its defects arise from some degree of approxima-
tion to the nature of the British Government.
"The exclusive privileges of the House of Com-
mons, and of our House of Representatives, with
somesmall variation, arethesame. Thelirstrelates
to money bills, in which no amendment is permitted
to be made by the House of Lords, is modified by our
Constitution so as to give the Senate a concurrent
right in every respect, except ia the power of ori-
ginating them, and this upon very proper principles;
the Senators not being distinguished from their fel-
low-citizens by any exclusive privileges, and being,
in fact, the renresentatives of tho people, though
chosen in a different manner from the members of
the other House, no good reason could be assigned
why they should not have a voice on the several
parts of a revenue bill, as well as on the whole taken
together."
Without extending these quotations further, wo
may safely s.iy. not only that the legal authorities
sustain tho position taken by the managers on tho
part of tho Senate, but many of them point out also
the dissimilarity between our Government and that
from which this restriction was borrowed, and that
the provision is a remnant of English law and cus-
tom, not in haimony with our institutions.
The grant ot the power of amendment was a sur-
render of the whole principle, for the power of
amendment has no limit. If the House propose to
tax at one rate, the Senate may amend to another—
lesser or greater. To any bill for raising revenue
they may add amendments which increase or dimm-
ish burdens; which select new objects of taxation,
or omit those proposed by the 11 mse. If they increase
salaries, or make appropriations, taxation may bo
necessary to pay them if the House concur. So, if
they propose to repeal the income tax, can more be
said than that other taxes may be necessary, or may
not be? Is the power to depend upon such a. con-
tingency? If so, where does this limitation stop?
As Congress can exercise only the powers granted,
and such powers as are necessary to carry them info
effect, is it not reasonable to say that when one
branch of Congress claims any power to the exclu-
sion of the other branch that exclusion should be
as plainly written as an express grant of power?
Brought to that tett it will bo haid to find ?uch
exclusion of the power to repeal a Jaw in the words
"all bills for raising revenue shall originate in tho
House ot Representatives."
Looking at the origin and history of this clause, at
the constant and unquestioned practice under it in
the passage of so many laws which in.iv affect reve-
nue, at the preponderance of legal authority in con-
struing it, and at tho manifest difference between
the structure and poyrors of our Government and
those ot the British Government, up >n whose prac-
tice this distinction is sought to bo established, wo
cannot doubt that the Senate had tho power to
originate the bill which has given rise to this
question; and, so considering, we do not think
further conference necessary.
JOHN SCOTT,
ROSCOE CONKLIKG,
E. CASSERLY.
The reading of the report having been com-
menced,
Mr, SCOTT. I presume it will not be the
pleasure of the Senate to hear that report read
at length at this time. It is long. The sub-
stance of it is that the committee failed toagree,
that no farther conference is necessary, and
advising an adherence to the position hereto-
fore taken by the Senate. 1 move that the
report be laid upon tho table and printed ; and
it had better be printed iti the Globe also.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE EltOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr, McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. 11. No. 281G) making
appropriations for the support of the Army
lor the year ending June, 30, 1872, and for
other purposes, asked a conference on the dis
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. O. J. Dickey of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. James B. Beck of Kentucky, atid
Mr. John A. Logax of Illinois, managers at
the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed, to the amendments of the Senate -
