THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
amount, itisabsolutely necessary—if we would
have any general and justaction upon the sub-
ject; if we would limit, the expenditures of the
country to a sum which Congress is warranted
in expending-for these/>bjects; and would have
these expenditures made with reference to the
importance of the points at which they are to
be expended—that the whole of these claims, in
respect of rivers and harbors, should be referred
to some one person or committee who can
examine them all, and thus determine their
relative importance. These bills have there-
fore, by the rules and long-established usage of
the House, been all sent to the Committee on
Commerce, and have been by that committee
referred to a sub-committee, one of the most
active members of which is my friend from
Michigan, [Mr. CoxCbr.]
I do assure the' House that the West is not
wanting in attention before that committee;
ita claims are asserted by that gentleman and
others before the sub committee, the House
may be sure, quite as fully, to say the least, as
they deserve. He has given to this whole mat-
ter of river and harbor improvement more
attention, I venture to say, than any other
member of the snb-committee or any mem-
ber of the House except his colleague on the
committee from Wisconsin, [Mr. Sawyer;]
and that sub-committee is engaged now in
attempting to apportion such aggregate sum
as Congress will be willing to appropriate for
these purposes to those objects of improvement
which are most essential.
Now, it must be obvious if gentlemen can
come into the House and spring special bills
upon us in this way that we shall be unable
to arrive at any general and just measure of
legislation upon this most important subject.
It is for that reason, without reference to the
merits of these cases, that I now resist this
bill, and still more the amendment that has
been offered to the bill by the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Washischn.] For if we be-
gin with the Louisville and Portland canal,
and follow it by the Des Moines rapids, there
is no other improvement in the country that
cannot with equal propriety, as to the manner
of bringing it before the House, be tacked
upon the bill.
Look at Hell Gate. The entire commerce
of the country coming to the port of New
York from the East has now to go some fifty
miles round, because that most important work
has not been completed.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will Hell Gate wash
away ?
Mr. POTTER. No ; butif the Government
will give only money enough to finish the work,
partly done and most needed, the obstruction
to its navigation will be washed away. The
evil now is that these obstructions are not
washed, or rather blasted away sufficiently; and
that until this is done so much of the vast
commerce of New York is obliged to traverse
an unnecessary distance and be exposed to
unnecessary difficulty and delay.
Mr. STEVENSON. These two improve-
ments covered by this bill are the only ones
that are being washed away.
Mr. POTTER. Oh, Mr. Chairman, I ani on
the sub-committee of the Committee on Com-
merce, and nobody connected with the Gov-
ernment or interested in public works ever saw
fit before this morning to bring to my notice
any such pressing necessity for legislation as
this. I learn it for the first time—and I have
not been negligent in the discharge of my du-
ties—here and now, when this House is called
to act in this unusual manner upon a measure
thus introduced from the Committee on Appro-
priations. I do not dispute the facts, because
I am not instructed as to the facts; but it is
very extraordinary that if sur-h a condition of
facts exists it has not been communicated in
some wayto the sub-Committee on Commerce,
who have had charge of the subject of fiver
and harbor improvements almost ever since
the beginning of the session.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, I desire to say
in behalf of the bill that I presented, and in
answer to the objections made by various gen-
tlemen, and especially by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers,] that this bill was
not slipped in in an improper way. It was re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations by
the House, reported back by the Committee on
Appropriations, and made the special order for
yesterday, and it is now up in accordance with
that order, which was made openly and with-
out objection from any quarter.
I desire to say to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania that he is not representing the inter-
ests of his State in opposing this bill. Pitts-
burg, western Pennsylvania, and Cincinnati are
more largely interested in it than Louisville.
The city of Louisville is to-day collecting half
a dollar per ton upon all the commerce of
the Ohio and Mississippi rivers that passes
through the canal. The object of this appro-
priation is to remove a great impediment to
commerce going up and down, to and from
Cincinnati and Pittsburg, from New Orleans,
St. Louis, and every other place on the lower
Ohio, the Mississippi, and the Missouri, and
all their tributaries.
As to the objection that this bill does not come
from the Committee 011 Commerce, let me say
thatihe Committee on Commerce is not charged
with the duty of bringing in a deficiency bill for
the present fiscal year. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Potter] says that he has never
before heard of this appropriation; that his com-
mittee has not heard of it, although it has been
shown here that these works must be washed
away or greatly injured and delayed unless more
money is appropriated. AH that has been said
by gentlemen of the Committee on Commerce
has no concern with this matter. I tell that com-
mittee that they never have had a bill referred
to them to malje appropriations to make up the
deficiencies necessary to complete the works of
the current fiscal year.
We are not attempting to interfere with the
regular appropriation bill for works of public
improvement during the next fiscal year. The
Committee 011 Commerce may do that if they
want to. All that we now ask is that certain
sums of money shall be appropriated to prevent
what has been done so far from going to waste
between now and the time when the regular
appropriation bill from the Committee on Com-
merce can be considered by this House and
their appropriations be made available.
Sir, I will state that the city of Louisville
does not get the whole benefit of this work ;
she really cares but little about it; but it will
benefit every man in fourteen States who is
now taxed half a dollar per ton on all pro-
duce on the Ohio river because of the condi-
tion of the Louisville and Portland canal; and
that burden has been greatly increased by
the new railroad bridge built across the falls,
and which, for all but about thirty out of the
three hundred and sixty-five days of the year,
prevents boats from passing down the river
except through this canal.
Now this canal, which will cost when com-
pleted less than $4,000,000, and which is now
in such condition that the city of Louisville
taxes all commerce at the rate of half a dol-
lar per ton, and'which to-day would sell for
$5,000,000, must be stopped because some-
body has not had it referred to his commit-
tee, or because some gentleman upon the
Committee on Commerce has not been con-
sulted in regard to it, or because some other
work is not tacked on to it which could not
be passed without it. Sir, what officer of the
Government has come here and said that there
is a pressing necessity for the immediate ap-
propriation of money for any work but these
two ? Does anybody ask-an-KtWitiOTial appro-
priation for improving Hurl Gate fuWr&tdur-
ingthe current'year? No; but the Corurmtiee
on Commerce feel that they have been treateB'-
with indignity because they have not been
allowed to consider it first. Sir, they have
not considered it because they have not been
asked to consider it, and there was 110 pro-
priety in asking them to do so. .It lias been
referred to another committee, which is the
proper committee to report in such exigen-
cies, and that committee has reported it to this
House. And the necessity for this improve-
ment must be made apparent to every man
who has the capacity or has taken the pains
to understand it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. Congress, by law, has
authorized the construction of this work at
Louisville. Congress, by law, has authorized
the improvement of the Des Moines rapids.
We have already spent a considerable amount
of money at each of these points. The officers
who have these works in charge have come to
us and reported that further appropriations are
absolutely necessary for their continuance.
In all the speeches made here I have heard
110 objections raised against these works as
being useless or unnecessary. I have heard
nothing said against them on the ground that
they were in themselves unimportant. On
the contrary, every gpntleman has conceded
the importance of these works and the neces-
sity of completing them. But gentlemen say
that because these works are not connected
with other works that are unimportant in them-
selves, and cannotstand upon theirown merits,
they are disposed to vote against these two
works now. Now, sir, that is the very reason
why I am disposed to vote for these works,
or, in other words, why I would vote against
them if they were connected with the thou-
sand and one other improvements all over the •
country, and which are entirely useless, and
why I would vote against the waste of money
proposed to be appropriated for other im-
provements. I know it has become too much
the custom to oppose works, however import-
ant they may be in themselves, unless they
are coupled with something that cannot stand
by itself, with some little nook or corner of
somebody's Stale or some gentleman's dis-
trict, that this House, or but a few members
of this House, ever heard of before, and which
is connected with it in order to secure some-
body's rote.
"Now, much as I believe in the importance
of these works, if they are made to form com-
pany with other works in which the country
has not an equal interest I shall be disposed
to vote against the whole measure. I am
opposed to all such legislation, and have ever
opposed it since I have been a member of this
House. It is because these works are brought
in here by themselvcsand because their import-
ance is conceded by every member on this
floor that I support them and shall vote for
this appropriation.
Mr. CALKIN. I move to strike out the
enacting clause of this bill. I ask a vote 011
that proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not
debatable.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. It has been sug-
gested by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Potter] that the attention of the Committee
on Commerce has never been directed to the
immediate necessity of an appropriation for
this improvement at Des Moines rapids. In
answer to that suggestion I ask the Clerk to
read an extract from a report of the chief of
engineers upon this subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
Letter fromthe Secretary of War in answer to a resolu-
tion of the Souse of December 12, 1870, trinxm-it/i>>y a
report upon the present condition of the Des Moines
rapids improvement.
The Secretary of War, in obedience to the resolu-
tion of December 12,1870, has the honor to submit to
the House of Representatives the accompanying
report upon the presentcondition of the I)esMoines
rapids improvement, and the public injurylikely to
ensue from a suspension of the work during the
present winter.
% W5I. W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of HW.
