1264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H,
K. No. 488) to enable owners to obtain dupli-
cates of lost evidence of indebtedment against
the United States, have instructed me to report
it back and ask to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration. The opinion of the Judi-
ciary Committee was not favorable to this
resolution, but I have been requested 
_ Mr. FENTON. I was about lo ask that
that, bill might be referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary be discharged from its
further consideration, and I have no objection
myself to its being referred to the Committee
on Finance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection that order will be made, and the
joint resolution wili be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2925)
to amend an act entitled " An act to require
the holding of additional district and circuit
courts of the United States in the district of
Indiana, and for other purposes,-' approved
June 30, 1870, and for other purposes, have
instructed me to report it back and recom-
mend its passage. This is a bill in regard to
the clerks of courts in the State of Indiana at
two places. I do not see the Senators from
Indiana in the Chamber. I suppose it might
be put on its passage now. However, let it
go on the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill'(II. Tt. No. 2792)
to change the time for holding the district and
circuit courts of the United States at Erie,
Pennsylvania, have directed me to' report it
back without amendment. It is a bill of a few
lines, and I suppose there will be no objection
to its passage now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That might as well go
through. It is a mere matter of form.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a mere local matter
providing for the holding of a court.
Mr. PATTERSON. [ should like to have
the conference report on the territorial bill
acted upon, as I have to leave for New York.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is any objection
let the bill go upon the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom were referred the peti-
tion of W. L. Barnes, praying for the passage
of a general law authorizing the formation of
corporations; the petition of citizens of Indi-
ana, praying an amendment to the Constitu-
tion so as to prevent the appropriation of public
money for religious purposes; the petition of
a committee of the National Labor Union con-
vention, praying for the passage of a bill sup-
plementary to the civil rights bill; and the
petition of citizens of Michigan, praying the
passage of a bill authorizing* the holding of
terms of United States courts at Bay City, in
that State, asked tp be discharged from their
further consideration; -which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The last petition relates
to a bill that is now on the Calendar.
BILLS INTHODUCISD,
Mr. FENTON. I have been requested to
ask the consent of the Senate to introduce a
bill, that it may be referred to ths Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, which meets
to-morrow morning.
.By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1345) to provide for
additional mail service to Brazil out of in-
creased importations of coSee by mail steam-
ers; which waa read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on.Post Offices and Post
K-joads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by unanimous
couseuti obt&in§4> leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1346) to establish a mail route from
Cross Plains) Tennessee, to Lafayette, Macon
county, Tennessee; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
message kr05i tlle house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clinton Lixot, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 2634) to amend an act approved
May 31,1870, entitled "An act to enforce the
rights of citizens of the United States to v.ote
in the several States of this Union, and for
other purposes," in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
DISTRICT TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT.
Mr. PATTERSON. I submit a report from
the committee of conference on the District
territorial bill, which I asii to have read.
' The Chief Clerk read the report as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 594) to
provide a government for the District of Columbia,
having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recemmend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from its vote of non-con-
currence and agree to the amendment of the Hougo
of Representatives, with the following amendments,
to wit;
Jn section one, line six, after the word " Colum-
bia,add " by which name it is hereby constituted a
body-corporate for municipal purposes, and may
contract and be contracted with, sue and be sued,
plead and fro impleaded, have a seal, and exercise
all other powers of a municipal corporation not
inconsistent with the Constitution and laws of the
United States and the provisions" of this act/'
In section two, line seven, strike out the word
" reside" and in lieu thereof insert the words " shall
have resided."
In lino eight in same section, after the word " Dis-
trict" insert the words "twelve months before his
appointment."
In section three, line twelve, after the word
" reconsidered," strike out the word " and."
In section four, line twenty-three, strike out the
word 44 officers," and in lieu thereof insert" offices."
In section Ave. line five, after the word "mem-
bers," insert "nf whom two shall be residents of the
city of Georgetown, and two residents of the county
outside of the cities of Washington and George-
town."
In the same section, line eighteen, strike out the
words "qualified voters," and substitute in place
thereof the word "population."
In the same section strike out all after the word
"respectively," in lino twenty-one, as far as and
including tho word "that," in line thirty, and in
place thereof insert: "For the purposes of the first
election to be held under this act, the Governor and
judges of thesupremecourt of theDistriet of Colum-
bia shall designate the districts for members of the
house of delegates, appoint a board of registration,
and persons to superintend the election and the
returns thereof, prescribe the time, places, and man-
ner of conducting such election,"and make all need-
ful rules and regulations for carrying into effect the
provisions of this act not otherwise herein provided
for: Provided, That the first election shall be held
within sixty days from the passage of this act. In
the first and all subsequent elections the persons
having the highest number of legal votes for the
house of delegates, respectively,shall be declared by
the Governor duly elected members of said house."
After section five insert as a new section the fol-
lowing:
Sec, 6. And he it further enacted, That the Legisla-
tive Assembly shall have power to divide that portion
of tho District not included in the corporate limits
of Washington or Georgetown into townships, not
exceeding three, and create township officers and
prescribe the dutiesthereof; butail township officers
shall be electcd by the people of the townships re-
spectively.
In section six, line three, strike out tho word
4 twelve " and substitute in lieu thereof the word
"three."
4 In line four of said section sixstrike out the words
'firstsection" and substitute in place thereof "pas-
sage of this act."
In line eight of the sam$ scction strike out tho
words "prior to" and substitute in place thereof
"immediately preceding."
t In iine nine of the same section, after tho word
'District" insert'*and for all subsequent elections
twelve months' prior residence shall be required to
constitute a voter."
In section seven, line five, after the word ".over"
insert "upon final judgment duly recovered."
4 In scction nine, line twenty, strike out the word
' provided " and substitute in lieu thereof the word
punished."
In section, thirteen, lino seven, after the word
elected" insert "or appointed," and after the
word "house"insert " as herein provided."
In hnenineteenof thesameseetion,aiterthewovd
law" insert 44in at least two newspapers in the
District."
In line twenty-one of the same section strikeout
the words "at the time," and substituto in lieu
thereof "in the act."
In section sixteen, line two, strike out the words
"local or."
In section twenty-one, line ten, after the word
"other" add "nor shall said cities, or either of
them, be taxed for the exclusive benefitof thecounty
outside of the limits thereof: Provided, That the
Legislative Assembly inay make appropriations for
the repair of roads, or for the construction or repair
of bridges outside the limits of said cities."
Strike out all of section twenty-four after the word
"District" in line seven of said section.
After section twenty-four insert as a new section:
And be- it further enacted, That there shall bo
appointed fry the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, a
board of health for said District, to consist ot five
persons, whose duty it shall he to declare what shall
be deemed nuisances injurious to health, and to pro-
vide for the removal thereof; to make regulations
to prevent domestic animals from running at larggs
in the cities of Washington and Georgetown; to pre-
vent the sale of unwholesome food in said cities:
and to perform such other duties as shall be imposed
upon said board by the Legislative Assembly.
In section twenty-five, after the word "of,'? in line
two, insert "register of wills, recorder of deeds."
At the end of section twenty-six add the following
proviso: "jProvided, That the powers of corpora-
tions so created shall be limited to the District of
Columbia."
In section twenty-nine, line two, strike out tho
words " police judge or judges," and substitute in
place thereof " other officers."
In thcsamcsection, after tho word "take," in line
four, insert the words "and subscribe;" and after
the word ."take," in line sixteen, insert the words
"and subscribe;" and in line twenty-three, after
the word "taken" insert the words "and sub-
scribed."
- In section thirty-two. after the word "Columbia,"
in line four, insert "and shall have the qualifications
of a voter;'' and in line nine of the same section,
after the word "Representatives," insert " and shall
also be a member of the Committee for the District
of Columbia."
Strike out all of section thirty-four.
In section thirty-five strike out fiom the word
4 all," in line two, to the word "belonging," in lino
three, and substitute in place thereof the words
" real estate."
Strike out all oflinefiveandlinesixinsaid section
thirty-five, as far as and including the word "sched-
ules, 'and insert " and the grounds whichhave been
dedicated to the public use as parks and squares."
In line six of the same section strike out the word
two," and substitute in lieu thereof the word
'five."
In the same section strike out all after the word
taken" in line ton, as far as and including the word
aforesaid" in line twelve, and insert "and the
aggregate of the valuation of private property in
said District, whenever made by the authority of tho
Legislative Assembly, shall be reported to Cungre^
by the Governor."
Strikeout all of said section after the word "an-
point" in line fifteen, and substitute in place thereof
' and under such regulations as ho shall prescribe."
Strike out all of section thirty-six.
# In section thirty-seven strike out the word "two,"
m lino three, and substitute in place thereof the
word lour."
Strikeout all after the word "therein" in lino
eight, as far as and including the word/' President,"
in line twelve, and in place thereof insert "one of
said board shall bo a citizen and resident of George-
town, and one of said board shall be a citizen and
resident of tho county outside of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown. They."
Inline fourteen strike out the words "for mis-
behavior," and substitute in lieu thereof "by the
President of the United States."
In line fifteen strike out the word " ordinances "
and substitute in place thereof the word " regula-
tions/'
In line sixteen strike out tlie words " relating K"
ana substitute in place thereof the words ' for keep-
ing m repair; " and after the vm-1 ".ivmiim
tho same line, insert the word " alleys."
In lme nineteen strike ont the Voids "leccivc
and, and after the woid "disbui&e" illicit the
words upon their warrant."
_ In lme twenty after the words " United Sutes "
insert tQr the District of Columbia," and trer the
words property-holders" insert the words "in
pursuance of law."
In line twenty-one after the word " avranw " in-
sert the word "alleys," and after the woid " sewers "
insert and roads and bridges."
In line twenty-two strike out the words "and
collect; also strike out the words " they shall pre-
scribe from and snl^ribUo in pj.^e thereof the
words shall be prescribed by law upon."
In hnetwuity-three &tiike outthe woids "owners
3I50 strike out tho word "speedily," aud
substitute m place thereof the word "specially."
«« 1 • i e twenty-six after the word "cost" infoH
whiea snrn sanll be collected as all other taxes are
collected.
• "?u J\n e twenty-nine after tho word "Assembly"
insert a.l contracts made by the said board of
puime works tdull be in writing, and shall be signed
t making tho pa me, and a copy theicuf
shall be filed in the office of the secretary of the Dis-
trict : and said board of public works shall have no
power to make contracts to bind said District to the
1 payment of anysumsof money except in pursuance
