18?6
CONGRESSIONAL globe.
March 2,
to the bill (Hi R. No. 2789) making appropri-
iitibhs for the iiavalservice for the year ending
Julie 3D", 1872, and for other purposes^ asked
n, conference Cm the disagreeing votfeg of the
two lipases thereon, and had appointed Mr.
(J. C. WasHbcmi of Wisconsin,- Mr. Aaron E.
Stjsvess of New Hampshire, and Mr. Eugene
Hale of Maine, managers at the same on its
part.
The message likewise announced that the
jTouse fukher insisted on its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate upon the bill (H. R.
No: 2524) making appropriations for the legis-
lative. executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June30, 1872,
tiiat it. further insisted on its amendments to
flit) said bill, and asked a further conference
tm the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. H. L. Dawes
of Massachusetts, Mr. W. S. IIolman of Indi-
ana. ami Mr. Shelby H. CtJLLOM of Illinois,
as the managers at the second conference on
its part.
The message also announced that the House
agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the
bill (II. R. No. 990) to provide for the collec-
tion of debts due from southern corporations,
and for other purposes.
I he message furlhw announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 2919) to provide a board
of commissioners for the examination of cer-
tain claims; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3070) to divide the State
of Illinois into three judicial districts, and for
other purposes.
ENnor.i.KD litnts signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they v/ere thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 1134) relating to internal
taxes;
A bill (S. No. 1-11) relating to records of the
courts of tin? United States;
A bill (H. 11. No. 3035) to enable the Jack-
son, Lansing, and Saginaw Railroad Company
to change the northern terminus of its road
from Travel se bay to the straits of Mackinaw,
and for other purposes ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1582) authorizing terms
of the United States district couit to be held
at Helena, Arkansas ;
A bill (II. R. No. 200) for the relief of
Abram G. Snyder, of the Watervliet arsenal,
at West Troy, New York ;
A bill (II. 11. No. 1(530) granting a pension
to Tuscannah Snyder;
A bill (II. R. No. 1831) to confirm the title
to the llancho del Rio Grande, in New Mex-
ico, to the heirs and legal representatives of
the original grantees thereof;
A bill (H. R. No. 2301) granting a pension
to Anthony D. Havely;
A bill (S. No. 518) for the relief of Bless-
ington Rutledgo ;
A hiil (S. No. 1206) to create an additional
land district in the Territory of Washing-
ton;
^ A bill (S. No. 90-1) granting a pension to
Elizabeth A. Snunreori;
A bill (S. No. 923) granting a pension to
Leann Cox;
_A. bill (S. No. 930) granting a pension to
Hiram R. Rhea;
A bill (S. No. 974) for the relief of Nancy
S. Led ford;
A bill (S. No. 1005) granting a pension to
Julia Tray nor ;
A bill (S. No. 10S7) granting a pension to
Mary B: Collins ;
A bill (S. No. 1101) for the relief of Rox-
alatia W. Sawyer :
A bill (S. No. 1210) granting a pension to
Adam D. Myers;
A bill (S. No. 1309) granting a pension to
Martha-. J. Willey;
A bill (S. No. i061) for the relief of W, B.
Carpenter; -
A bill (S. No. 1214) for the relief of Charles
T. Jackson, H. D., of Boston;
A bill (S. No, 1241) to adjust and fix the
compensation of the assistants employed in the
Librkry of Congress;
A bill (S. No. 1272) to correct an error in
the passage of an act entitled " An act for the
relief of the officers and crew of the ship Night-
ingale," approved June 1, 1870;
A bill (S. No. 1302) for the relief of Alex-
ander J. McMillan, of ninth Minnesota volun-
teer infantry.
A bill (S. No. 851) granting a pension to
Olive Coombs;
A bill (S. No. 1371) granting a pension to
Ellis H. Haines ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 190) to com-
pensate John L. Miles, late second lieutenant
second Indiana battery, for one horse lost in
the service;
li joint resolution (S. R. No. 209) author-
izing the President to nominate and, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
appoint Lyman G. Spaulding a master in the
Navy of the Uuited States;
A joint resolution (S. II. No. 277) for the
relief of settlers on the public lands ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 286) to close
the accounts of R. E. Do Russy, late colonel
corps of engineers :
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 313) author-
izing tlie nomination and appointment to the
retired list of the Navy of certain volunteer
officers ort the active list of the Navy who are
disabled in consequence of wounds received
during the late war; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 409) granting
the Chicago and Illinois Southern Railroad
Company the right to build a bridge across
the Wabash river, and declaring the same a
post road.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (II. R. No. 3073) to divide the State
of Illinois into three judicial districts, and for
other purposes, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (II. R. No. 2919) to provide a board
of commissioners for the examination of cer-
tain claims was read twice by its title.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
iicxds.) The Chair on looking at the bill
observes that it relates to certain claims for
quartermaster stores, and the Chair will take
the advice of the Senate whether it shall go
to the Committee on Claims or the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOWE. It is broader than that. It
refers to the claims arising in the southern
*
The' PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will take it to be the pleasure of the Senate to
refer it to the Committee on Clainis, and it will
be so referred.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (II. R. No. 299-3) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for
the fiscal years ending June 30, 1870, and June
30, 1871, and for former years, and for other
purposes.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the bill
on page 18 by striking out lines four hundred
and twenty-three, four hundred and twenty-
four, and four hundred and twenty-five. I
ask the Secretary to read those three lines,
that the Senate may understand the motion.
The Chief Cleik read the words proposed
to be stricken out us follows :
For collection and payment of bounty and other
claims to colored soldiers, sailors, marines, or their
heirs, $40,000.
_Mr. BAYARD. Now, Mr. President, all
discrimination by reason of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude is supposed to
have been abolished by the amendments to the
Constitution of the United States and by the
legislation thereunder, and I am unable to see
why it is that the people of the United States
should pay out of their Treasury the sum of
$40,doi) for the purpose of collecting bounty
and other claims for a single class of our people.
There is no moire,reaSQn why tlie widow or the
orphan of a white soldier; \Vho may be, and
thousands of them are, I grieve to say, in very
great distress, should n,ot have pecuniary aid
from the Treasury fbr the collection of claims
and bounties due thefti as well as this other
and more favored class, in respect to whom
Congress seems so much to reserve their sym-
pathies. 1 ask the committee who reported
this bill what justification they have for sin-
gling out in this way a class of people of this
country, appropriating money for them to the
disadvantage of others? Whyshould we pay
for these and not for others? If there be any
reason for this I should like to hear it. If
there be none, the.n the people of this country
will be aware that the objection has been made,
and probably understand what it means.
Mr. SAWYER. If the chairman of the com-
mittee will allow mc, I should like to answer
that question.
Mr. COLE. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. It is well understood that
this clause alludes to those colored soldiers
who have pensions from the Government in
consequence of their services in the late war.
It is also well understood that, owing to the
peculiar influences under which those colored
men had been placed prior to their enlistment
in the Army of the United States, they had no
education. Itis equally well understood that the
reason they had no education was because the
law of the States in which they lived did not
allow them to be educated. They have there-
fore been left in ignorance, unable in many
cases to protect their own rights, liable to be
imposed upon by white sharpers who have had
the benefit of better education in other States.
Therefore, in view of the fact that under the
operations of the Government itself in main-
taining its own integrity these men had been
made free, at the same time that it was impos-
sible in a moment to endow them with all that
intelligence which was necessary to enable them
to protect their own rights, it is incumbent upon
the Government to protect them to the extent
of its power. It has therefore been the cus-
tom for tho last two or three years for the
Government to aid these men in securing the
rights which had been given to them through
agencies appointed by itself. A branch of the
business of the Preedmen's Bureau, and a very
large branch of it in the latter stage of its
existence, was to see that these men got their
claims; and this appropriation of $40,000 is to
see that the pensions which have been grouted
to these men, who, notwithstanding they had
no status in the community whose interests
and whose Government they came forward in
the hour of peril to protect, did so come for-
ward to see that those men shall have those
pensions and get the whole of them, instead of
getting a small percentage and having the rest
absorbed by land sharks and claim agents.
Mr. President, if there ever was a case in
the world where $40,000 were well expended,
it is in seeing that these men who caine for-
ward, as they did in the hour of the nation's
peril, to the relief of the nation, shall have all
the money which the Government has seen fit
to give them. I regret that my friend from
Delaware, who claims as a member of the
Democratic party to bo one of the best friends
of the negro, should be willing to strike out a
provision here which is intended to secure to
the negro rights which belong to him as they
do belong to the white man, but which from
his antecedents—antecedents with which the
political friends of my honorable friend from
Delaware have had something considerable to
do—-are very different from those of the white
man.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to state to the Sen-
