1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1265
of appropriations made by law, and not until sucli
appropriations shall have been made. All contracts
made by said board in which any member of said
board shall be personally interested shall be void,
and no payment shall bo made thereon by said Dis-
trict or any officers thereof."
After the word "District" in line twenty-six, sec-
tion forty, add:
Provided* That the charters of said cities sever-
ally, and the powers of said levy court, shall be con-
tinued for the following purposes, to wit; forthe
collection of all sums of money due to said cities,
respectively, or to said levy court; for the enforce-
ment of all contracts made by said eitics, respect-
ively, or by said levy court, and all taxes hereto-
fore assessed remaining unpaid; for the collection
of all just claims against said cities, respectively,
or against said levy court; for the enforcement of
all legal contracts against said cities* respectively, or
against said levy court, un til the affairs of said cities,
respectively, and of said levy court, shall have been
fully closed; and no suit in favor of or against said
oorporations. or either of them, shall abate by rea-
son of the passage of this act, but the same shall be
prosecuted to final judgment as if this act had not
been passed.
Also add:
Sec. 41. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be no election holden for mayor or members of the
common council of the city of Georgetown prior to
the 1st day of June, 1S71, but the present mayor and
common council of said city shall hold their offices
until said lit day of June next. No taxes for gen-
eral purposes shall hereafter be assessed by the mu-
nicipal authorities of the cities of Washington or
Georgetown, or by said levy eouTt. And upon
the repeal of the charters of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, the District of Columbia
be, and is hereby declared to be, the successor of
said corporations, and all the property,of said cor-
porations, and of the county of Washington, shall
become vested in the said District of Columbia, and
all fines, penalties, C03ts. and forfeitures which are
now by law made payable to said citie?,respectively,
or said levy court, shall be paid to said District of
Columbia; and the salaries of the judge and clerk
of the police court, the compensation of the deputy
clerk arid bailiff of said police court, and of the
marshal of the District of Columbia, shall be paid
by said District: Provided, That the moneys col-
lected upon the jadgraents of said police court, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, shall be applied
to the payment of the salaries of the judge and other
officers of said court and to the payment of the neces-
sary expenses thereof; and any surplus remaining
after paying the salaries, compensations, and ex-
penses aforesaid, shall be paid into the treasury of
the District at the end of every quarter."
And the committee further recommend that the
House agree to the amendments to the House amend-
ment herein proposed.  
JAMES W. PATTERSON,
HANNIBAL HAMLIN,
Managers on, the part of the Senate.
BURTON C. COOK,
JOHN A. BINGHAM.
DANIEL W.VOGKHEES,
Managers on the part of the Home.
The report was concurred in.
united states courts at erie.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The appro-
priation bill is now before the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask the Senator from Cali-
fornia to yield one moment to permit me to
call up a bill, reported by the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, to chaBge the time of
holding the courts at Erie, and put it on its
passage. It is a bill to which there is no ob-
jection, and it is very desirable that it should
. be passed at once.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to my friend
from California that as that bill is a purely
local matter, not involving any expense to the
Government for a wonder, being a mere ques-
tion as to what time the court shall be held, I
think my friend from Pennsylvania ought to be
allowed to secure its passage.
Mr. COLE. Is it the bill reported to-night
from the Judiciary Committee?
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir.
Mr, EDMUNDS. It is a mere matter of
local consideration, without expense to the
Government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill at this
time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con*
aider the bill (H. R. No. 2702) to change the
times for holding the district and circuit courts
of the United States at Erie, Pennsylvania.
It provides that from and after this date the
July terms of the district and circuit courts
of the United States in and for the western
district of Pennsylvania, at Erie, shall be cora-
41st Cong, 3dSsss.—No. 80.
tnenced and held on and after the third Mon-
day of July in each year, and the January
terms of the court at the same place shall be
commenced and held at Erie on and after the
second Monday in January of each year.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
tice meter.
Mr. COLE. I hope we shall now have the
regular order.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator from
California give way to me for one moment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not a second.
Mr. BAYARD. There is a joint resolution
which the honorable Senator from Vermont,
I believe, desired to examine respecting the dis-
continuing of the use of the Tice meter, which
has been passed by the House of Representa-
tives and received the approval of the Finance
Committee, which I should like to have acted
upon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that the Tice meter
resolution ?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object most decidedly.
Mr. COLE. I hope my friend from Dela-
ware will not persist in his request.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That matter will lead to
debate. It is a very serious question whether
we ought to do that.
Mr. BAYARD. It is reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance favorably.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know; and I have a
report of the Qommittee on Finance exactly
the other way a year or two ago.
Mr. BAYARD. But the difficulty is this:
I believe the last report, like the last will, is
the best.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But this is a case of
deed, not will. The rule is reversed in the
case of a deed, I believe.
Mr. COLE. I call for the regular order.
Tbe PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being interposed to the consideration of the
joint resolution, debate upon it is out of order.
Mr. DAVIS. My constituents are very much
iuterested in that joint resolution in regard to
the Tice meter, and I want it acted upon now.
I move to set aside the pending and all pre-
vious orders that it may be taken ap; and upon j
that question I ask for the yeas and nays. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The appro- |
priation bill being under consideration, the -
question is on the amendment moved by the ;
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbvll] to the
amendment of the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will again
be reported to the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, did you hear
the motion I made?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not hear tbe Senator. Will .the Senator
repeat his motion ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will speak a little louder, j
then. I move to postpone the pending and
all previous orders and to take up the resolu-
tion referred to by my honorable friend from
Delaware; and upon that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, upon which he asks for the yeas and
nays. [Putting the question on ordering the
yeas and nays.] It requires one fifth of a
quorjtra to order the yeas and nays. But six
Senators have risen, which is not a sufficient
number.
Mr. DAVIS. Then let us have a count.
Mr. BAYARD. Here is another Senator.
Is not that enough of those present ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays are ordered.
Mr. WARNER. I hope the Senator from
Vermout will withdraw his objection and allow
this matter to be considered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not do anything
of the kind, with the highest respect for my
friend from Alabama. We adopted this Tice
meter on the utmost consideration. The Com-
mittee on Finance induced me to believe that
the Tice meter would be tbe salvation Of the
country, and I do not know but that it has
been; certainly, the country has not gone to
perdition yet. But, seriously, we eame here to-
night to go on with the appropriation bill and
endeavor to get forward the business work of
tbe session, item by item and detail by detail;
and I submit to my friend from Alabama that
it is not tbe fair thing to undertake to force
into this night session any other question than
the mere business one of going on with this
bill.
Mr. WARNER. The Senator will concede
that I did not make the motion,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly not, I did not
say that the Senator did.
Mr. COLE. I desire to say a word to my
friend from Kentucky, who is anxious that a
quorum shall be present before we proceed
with the further consideration of the appro-
priation bill. I submit to him that the import-
ant question pending on this bill was decided
before we took a recess, and the questions
that are immediately to follow that are not so
important. I therefore suggest that it is hardly
worthwhile to wait for an exact quorum before
we proceed to consider these minor questions,
mere matters of detail, after we have determ-
ined the main question, as we did before the
recess. I appreciate the kindness he mani-
fests in his disposition to stand by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations in the consideration of
these bills ; but I submit that the presence of
a quorum can hardly be desired by him at this
time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
California will give way for one moment, the
quickest way to dispose of this matter is to
vote. If the Senate is disposed to put aside
the appropriation bill and take up another
question, let us vote upon it. I do not believe
they will do any such thing.
Mr. COLE. The only question in my mind
was as to whether there was a quorum present
or not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a quorum here.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say one word in rela-
tion to the Tice meter. It is regarded by dis-
j tillers in Kentucky 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of
the joint resolution, and the merits of the Tice
meter are not now before the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not hear what the Chair
savs.
Ths PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thought it his duty to remind the Senator that
tbe merits of the Tice meter are not before
the Senate on this motion to proceed to the
consideration of the joint resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not intend to discuss it.
I merely intended to say that it is regarded by
the distillers in Kentucky as the greatest abom-
ination this side of Vermont, [laughter ;] and
they are very anxious to get rid of it.
In relation to the suggestion of my honor-
able friend from California I will say this:
I voted for the evening session ; I want the
appropriation bills first considered ; but I want
them considered when there is a quorum pres-
ent. There are some amendments to be offered
to this bill that I desire to discuss and to pre •.
sent to the Senate; and I want the Senators
that with me forced an evening session to be
present and to take part as a portion of the
constitutional quorum of the Senate before
we proceed to that business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say, in reply to
the good-natured remark of my friend from
Kentucky, that I quite agree with him about
the view that Kentucky has, with its whisky,
of Vermont. Probably, as he says, Vermont,
next to the Tice meter, is the greatest abomi-
nation that Kentucky lias 
