1266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Mr. DAVIS. I did not say that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; .1 say probably.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will have it so,
he .may.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Because after the rebel-
lion the fondest thiig that Kentucky has left
to her now is whisky; and as Vermont is not
very much in favor of that, I quite agree with
my friend that the chief trouble. wi,tb her is,
first, the Tice meter ;, and,second, Vermont,
or vice versa; I do not know which.
Mr. DAVIS., yermont would be a little
better if she was a little fonder of old Bourbon.
[Laughter.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 82 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Cnsserly, Davis, Fowler,
and Hamilton of Maryland—5.
iNAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Cole, Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds. Fenton,-Flanagan, Gilbert, Har-
lan. McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Revels, Riue, Robertson. Ross, Sawyer,
Seott. Sherman. Spencer.Sprague, Stearns, Stewart,
Samner, Thayer, Trumbull, Warner, Willey. and
Wilson—32.
A BSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames,BIair, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Uattell, Chand-
ler, Conkling, Ferry, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harris, Hill, Howard, Howa, Howell. Johnston,
Kellogg, Lewis, MeCreery, Morrill of Maine. Mor-
ton, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey. Saulsbury.
Sehurz, Stockton, Tburman, Tipton, Vickers, Wil-
liams, and Yates—36.
So the motion of Mr. Dayis was not agreed to.
enrolled bills.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolutions:
A joint resolution (S. R. No..179) authoriz-
ing water-gauges to be established and observ-
ations to be made upon the Mississippi river
and its principal tributaries with a view to
obtaining information required for the pro-
tection of the alluvial lands against overflow,
and for the improvement of navigation;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 501) for the
relief of George P. Robinson, eighth regiment
Maine volunteers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2536) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2996) to authorize the
Worthington National Bank of Cooperstown,
New York, to change its name and location.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I now call for the regular
order.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2524) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1872,
the pending question being on the amendment
offered by Mr. Trumbull to the amendment
reported by the Committee on Appropriations
as an additional section to the bill.
Mr. STEARNS. Mr. President, when the
Senate took a recess I was about to make a
suggestion in connection with this subject which
I deem of importance, to my constituents at
least. I suppose the object of this amendment
is to keep the district judges employed, to
provide that in those districts where there is
little business the judge may be sent to other
districts such portions of the time as they are
not employed in their own. I was about to
remark that the bankrupt law required the
district court to be open for business at all
times.
As you are all well aware, in a class of cases
which of all others require prompt action,
namely, where creditors desire to secure their
claims against failing and absconding debtors,
the bankrupt law has practically deprived the
State courts of jurisdiction. The law makes
it in effect a fraud on the act for a creditor to
resort to such remedies as the State courts
afford. The only officer that has jurisdiction
to act promptly in those cases is the United
States district judge. Now, a creditor comes
into a district and finds one of his debtors con-
cealing goods, giving fraudulent preferences,
or otherwise in failing circumstances, and he
desires to take steps to secure his debt. If
he goes into the State courts it is a fraud on
the act. If the purpose which I understand
to be intended by the Senator from Illinois is
accomplished in a district such as ours in Min-
nesota, where the judge is engaged in other
business than bankruptcy but a small part
of the year, I understand he may be for one
month, two months, or three months off in
some other district. I submit that the Federal
Government having deprived the State courts,
practically, of jurisdiction in a class of cases
which of all others require prompt action, we
have no right now, fro'm mere motives of
economy, to so arrange that the only officer
who can grant relief in cases of that kind shall
be for any portion of the year removed beyond
the reach of suitors.
It has been remarked that bankruptcy busi-
ness is nearly finished ; that there is but little
more of it. I think Senators who take that
view of it are mistaken. I know that in my
district—for I have had something to do with
these matters—there has been more bankrupt
business during the last year than ever before.
It is true, perhaps, that the number of cases
has not been so great as during the first year,
when debtors were clearing off old debts; but
the importance of the business, the amount
of property, the amount of money that passed
through the hands of the bankrupt court, was
very much larger last year than it ever- had
been before. Collectors-are beginning to ascer-
tain the power and extent of this law. At
first it was not understood, and collectors were
allowed to go on collecting their debts in the
State courts as formerly, against the spirit and
intent of the bankrupt law.
But I say the full scope of the bankrupt law
is now coming to be understood, and those
who are engaged in the matter of collections
know that it has become to be the chief engine
used by merchants, especially from the western
States, for making their collections. And if
we send the judge off half the time I believe
dishonest men will take advantage of it, and
make arrangements to conceal their goods, or
fraudulently dispose of them, or give fraud-
ulent preferences during the time that the
judge is so absent from the district, knowing
that the creditor dare not proceed in the State
courts, and cannot proceed in the United
States court for want of a judge. It seems to
me it would be a mistaken economy to attempt
anything of that kind, and would work great
injustice to those districts from which the
judges would be sent to other districts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois to the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. BOREMAN. I believe that the Sen-
ator from New York [Mr. Conkling] is not
in his seat. He spoke of proposing, at the
proper time, to amend this section by striking
out the district judges. As he is not here, I
will make the motion he suggested; that is to
strike out "and each district judge, $5,000."
Mr. President, I suggested to day that a
considerable portion of this section I thought
ought not to become a law at this time. I
made that suggestion because of the great
amount of debt there is upon the country, of
the great complaint in regard to taxation, and
because I believe that the judges to whom I
refer now get a pay commensurate with the
work they do.
With regard to the district judges it will be
found that prior to 1867 their salaries were
much lower than they are at present. Some
of them got but $2,000; some $2,500; some
probably as high as $3,500 salary. I find that
on the 2d of March, 1866, less than four years
since, and two years after the end of the war,
when the cost of living and other matters which
enterinto the expenses of judges had begun to
decrease, Congress passed an act increasing
the salaries of the district judges. Some of
them were increased to $5,000, as the judge
in California; some others were put at $4,000;
aud then there was a sweeping clause, which
I will read in a moment, making the salary of
all the rest $3-500. Thus the salary of some
of the district judges was increased nearly one
hundred per cent., and none of them less than
fifty per cent.; and now, inside of four years,
it is proposed to increase the salaries of all
these judges, save the California district judge,
another fifty per cent., or nearly so. I ask
the Clerk to read in the act of March 2, 1867,
section nine, which I send to the Chair.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the salary
of the district judge of thedistrictof Californi a shall
be $5,000; thesaiaryof the di-trict judge of the: dis-
trict of Louisiana shall be $4,500; the salary of the
district judge of thedistrictof Massachusetts north-
ern, southern, and eastern districts of New York,
eastern and western districts of Pennsylvania, the
district of Maryland, northern district of Illinois,
southern district of Ohio, and tbe district of New
Jersey, shall be 84,000 each; and the salaries of«the
district judges of every other district shall be $3,500
each; and said salaries shall bein fullcompensation
for all official services performed by such judges,
and shall take effect at the commencement of the
next fiscal year; and no other allowance or payment
shall be made to them fortravei, expenses, or other-
wise; and the amount necessary to pay tho increased
compensation herein provided for shall be paid out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated. "
Mr. BOREMAN. The expenses of these
judges since the passage of that act have not
increased. That was a considerable increase
of salary. The debt of the country is large;
our taxes are heavy ; and if the Senate is now
willing to increase the salaries of these judges
fifty per cent, more, I shall say nothing fur-
ther about it; I can only vote against the
increase.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
West Virginia to the amendment of the com-
mittee, in lines twelve and thirteen to strike
out the words "and of each district judtre,
$5,000."
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I am per-
fectly aware that in 1867 there were certain
amendments added to an appropriation bill
increasing the salaries of some of the district
judges. But since that time Congress has
seen fit to give those courts an amplification
of jurisdiction that I very much regret, but
which, notwithstanding, adds exceedingly to
the labors of the judges. The result ot the
legislation of Congress in the last three years,
from 1868 to the present time, has been in all
the districts, excepting those where there is a
large admiraliy practice ill the Federal courts,
to quadruple the business that existed thereto-
fore.- So many cases arising under the internal
revenue laws, so many cases arising under the
various enforcement laws that Congress lun
passed, have given to the district judges a con-
stant occupation that entitles them 10 the very
moderate increase upon their salaries pro-
posed by this amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations.
For a great many years past this proposed
salary of $5,000 per annum has been grossly
inadequate as a compensation for the services
rendered by many of the district judges ; aud
it has also been perhaps in excess as a com-
pensation for the set vices rendered by the
judges in other more inland districts. The
question that I should make, or, to put it more
accurately, the criticism that I should pass
upon this amendment of the committee, isthat
it does not discriminate. There are judges of
the district courts of the United States *0 day
that earn $10,000 per annum of public moneys
as fairly and equitably as do any other public
officers of the United States earn the salaries
