1871.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
the benefit that this bill will be to the people
of Pennsylvania. I know it; It is a benefit
to the whole country, and so far it is a benefit
to Pennsylvania. 1 have voted. for .the con-
struction of the works now in progress. I
desire to say to gentlemen that my record is
consistent in that respect. .1 have voted for
river and harbor improvements, and I am in
favor of them. I shall never limit my vision
to the State upon which the more immediate -
benefits may be conferred by these works. If
it is to the interest of the section of the coun-
try where it is to be built it is to my interest aud
to the interest of the State of Pennsylvania.
I am in favor of the works now under con-
sideration, and those wTho oppose them now
cannot be put by gentlemen in a false position
therefor. I have already stated that at the
proper time I would make no factious opposition,
as I know some gentlemen whom I have in my
eye have done in reference to similar measures.
I stated that this bill came before the Com-
mittee of the Whole in an unusual manner.
Such is the case. The Committee on Appro-
priations consented to have laid aside the
general appropriation bill, for the purpose of
taking up a special appropriation bill making
an appropriation for a particular locality, which
is a most unusual proceeding.
It is said that this Des Monies appropriation
is needed at once, that the work will be washed
away, and this great feature of public improve-
ment which we have inaugurated rendered
useless unless the appropriation is now made.
Those are just the words used one year ago by
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn]
in inference to a similar appropriation then
urged: that if we waited for the regular appro-
priation all the work now done would _ be
rendered useless, and all that sort of thing.
Perhaps this is true; if so, the House, under-
standing it, will vote an appropriation to con-
tinue this work ; and in that vote I will concur.
But if we had not had this discussion, with an
imprinted bill only before us. brought in in
an unusual way, through the instrumentality
of a gentleman who seems to have special favor
for his own projects, the House would not have
had any information about this matter. Noth-
ing but this opposition, nothing but this discus-
sion, has brought out the necessity, if there be
any necessity, for this appropriation. It is a
large appropriation, and neither by printed
report nor by printed bill have we had hereto-
fore an opportunity to examine the measure as
members should be enabled to examine propo-
sitions of this character.
That is my objection. I have attained the
object I had in making it; and I still say that
it is a pity trie House was not fully informed
in regard to the matter, in order that members
might deieimine whether, just at this time
every year, on hurried information that a par-
ticular wall is about to be Washed away, thoy
shall vote whatever is demanded, as though
the Government itself depended on this won-
deiful wall. My opposition is not to this
public work, but to the mode in which this
amendment for its continuance is made to
supersede ail others.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHANKS. I believe that this bill ought
to be passed for the reason that a very large
section of country is very largely interested in
the proposition. I am always willing to vote
here for any proposition for improvements at
places where such improvements are necessary
for the commercial interests of the country.
There is one other matter to which I wish to
call attention. I have heard it said .that there
has been a large amount of money expended
at the falls of the Ohio. Permit me to say
I hat that is the only place on that river from
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, to the mouth of the
river where money is expended. There is no
other place on that stream where an expendi-
ture of money is required. Take the Missis-
sippi from the falls to its mouth, take the
Ohio from Pittsburg to its mouth, and this is
the only place where appropriations of money
are necessary to remove any natural obstruc-
tion;.aud, even if these expenditures have
been considerable, I ask whether the vast and
populous section interested is not entitled to
have its welfare cared for to this extent. I
ask that this appropriation be made. It is not
divided into small sums, as are the-appropria-
tions along the lake coast, which make a large
sum in the aggregate, and for-which we all
vote, -and vote very cordially. This appro-
priation is for a single locality, the only dan-
gerous spot on the -whole river,
Mr. HAWLEY. Mr. Chairman, most of
the remarks made to-day have been either in
favor of or opposed to the improvement of the
Ohio river. Now, in what I have to say I wish
to speak in behalf of the Des Moines rapids,
and to call the attention of the committee to
the condition of that work and its present
necessities. On this point I wish to speak a
little more fully than 1 had the opportunity of
doing when before upon the floor.
There has been perhaps a million and a
half dollars expended toward the iraprove-
mentoftheDes Moinesrapids. It is estimated
by the chief of engineers that some §>800,000
will be required to complete the work. Now,
until the last dollar necessary to complete the
work is expended the whole appropriation
heretofore made or that hereafter may be made
will be productive of no useful result, because
the improvement consists in the construction
of a canal through the whole length of those
rapids, and it is necessary that the whole work
should be completed before any benefit can be
derived from it.
General Wilson, who made the survey prior
to the beginning of the work, stated, in furnish-
ing to Congress the reasons why the improve-
ment should be made, that the four States of
Illinois, Iowa, Wisconsin, and Minnesota suf-
fered a loss of $10,000,000 annually by reason
of the obstruction in the Mississippi river at
the Des Moines rapids. Now, in view of that
statement, I appeal to the House to vote the
appropriation necessary to carry on the work,
that it may at an early day be completed. It
has been conceded by every gentleman who
has spoken to-day that this work is a national
one, and that it is necessary. The opposition
to the passage of this bill is based mainly upon
the ground that the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Washburn] who introduces this amend-
ment very often opposes appropriations for
other sections of the country. But, sir, the
gentleman from Wisconsin is not the only man
interested in this work ; the whole Northwest
is interested in it; my district and every State
in the Northwest is interested in it. It seems
to me this House will fail in its duty if it
refuses to make the appropriation necessary
for carrying on this work.
It is said this proposition is brought forward
by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Wash-
burn,] and that it has not been referred to the
Committee on Commerce. The river and har-
bor appropriation bill last session was reported
to the House and passed at the suggestion of
the Committee on Appropriations; and why?
Because that committee can report at any time.
It has power to report any of these bills when-
ever it sees fit. The Committee on Commerce
cannot do that. The reason exists, therefore,
why the Committee on Appropriations should
have charge of this subject, because it is neces-
sary that this appropriation should be made at
once, so that they may have funds to go on
with the improvements before the expiration
of the present fiscal year. If the appropriation
is left to be made by the Committee on Com-
merce or any other committee, in that event
the Government will not have this appropri-
ation to use before the expiration of the pres-
ent fiscal year, so as to prevent the great dam-
age which wc have been advised by the officers
of the Government will result fx-om delay in
making the appropriation.
Mr. WELKER. I wish to suggest to the
gentleman that the Committee ©n;-€!oi me*ce
was called but a few,days ago, and wjll riot
again be called or havje ah p.p,pdrtnnityr to re-
port before the end of this,session, .wjii;le the
Committee on Appropriations has, the power,
under the rule, to'report at any time.',' ;'''
Mr. HAWLEY. That confirm^ the rem'arlt I
made, ajid shows, the necessity.why, ye. should
go on with the bill before th'e.House. Now, Mr.
Chairman, it is conceded .that this is a great
national work. If there be a national work for
which an appropriation ought to be made, it
is this which I now urge upon youf attention.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POTTKR. Mr. Chairman, in reply to
the suggestions about jealousy on the part
of the Committee on Commerce, which have
been made by gentlemen, I desire to declare for
myself that I have no such feeling whatever.
As a member of that committee I find, as I
believe every one of my associates finds for
himself, more calls on my attention and more
work to do than can be conveniently dis-
patched, and, so far as I am concerned, when
I can conscientiously delegate any of the labor
which comes upon me as a member,,of the
House to some other geutleman, l am always
most glad to do so.
My objection to the bill under consideration,
therefore, is not because of the committee which
reports it, but because of the manner of legis-
lation which this system of reporting bills in-
volves. I claim that you cannot have an in-
telligent and just determination of the suiiis
to be expended for river aud harbor improve-
ment unless all the points to be improved aio
considered, aud the whole sum to be expended
is apportioned by one person or set of persona.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the real point in regard
to this particular improvement is that the
additional appropriation demanded must be
expended at once, or else the money already
expended on the work will be lost. 1 am not
disposed to resist necessary expenditures in
such a condition of affairs; and if the House,
after the exposition the case has received, is
satisfied as to the existence of the necessity
claimed, 1 shall be content,with whatever vote
they may give.
But 1 desire to call the attention of the
House to the suggestion made by the gentle-
man from Kentucky, that this was a deficietcy
bill. We had during the last session this vsry
subject of river aud harbor improvements
befoie the Committee on Commerce. App' o-
priatious were recommended running up to
an aggregate of some $0,000,000. We w.tre
assured irom the Senate that no more than
about three million dollars in the aggregate
could be allowed, and we were obliged to iip-
portion that $3,000,000 in such a manner as
the commerce and condition of the business
of the country seemed to require. We than
allotted to this Louisville aud Portland canal
a large proportion of that amount, but stili a
less sum than was recommended. The defi-
ciency talked about arose because we did rot
allow all that was recommended and claimpd
for the work; but the same deficiency, if it
can be so called, existed in reference to neai ly
every other public work which was recom-
mended to us. That is all the propriety there
can be in styling this a deficiency bill. T.ie
same thing is true in this respect of the Des
Moines rapids as of the Louisville and Port-
land canal. If the House now feels satisfied
that these works are about to be washed away
and destroyed unless these additional appropri-
ations are made to save them, then the appro-
priations may be warranted ; but that is, as it
seems to me, the only ground upon which the
appropriations can be at all justified-
On motion of Mr. BECK, by unanimous
Consent, all further debate was terminated.
The question first recurred on the, amend-
ment of Mr. Washburx, of Wisconsin.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 79, noes 0; no quorum voting.
Mr. CALKIN. I call for tellers.
