1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBl.
1670
it is due. The Senator declines to make it
until I am through. I really did not mean to
offend the Senator awhile ago by declining then
to be interrupted. I shallnot press the question
now if it at all annoys him. I understood him
to say something of the sort, that it is the usual
practice to supply the needs of the Post Office
Department in respect of revenue bybills for
deficiencies. If that be the usual practice, as to
which the Senator from Vermont is much bet-
ter informed than I am, it is a very wrong prac-
tice. Why should the Post Office Department
be, in this respect, an exception to the other
Departments of the Government? It may be
paid that the revenue of the Post Office Depart-
ment fluctuates. So it does; but not so much
:is to justify so great a departure from the pre-
vailing proper practice in the other Depart-
ments.
Since the Senator spoke of the practice with
regard to the Post Office Department, I have
looked at the act of last session, now in my
hand. I find here a very respectable list of
appropriations, a list which does not look at
all in the direction of the practice as stated
by the Senator from Vermont, but in the con-
trary direction. I find here, " for transporta-
tion of the mail inland," &c., " $13,500,000."
I find "for pay of postmasters, $5,000,000
" forpay of clerks in postoffices, $2,500,000
" forpay of letter-carriers, $1,250,000 "for
postage stamps and envelopes, $520,000,"
'■for miscellaneous payments, including bal-
ances due to foreign countries, $850,000
for money transferred by postmasters and de-
posited in the Treasury or postal receipts,
$1,000,000." I find a Post Office appropria-
tion bill for nearly twenty-four million dollars
in the items which I have read, without refer-
ence to the smaller items in the bill, calling
probably for another million or two. Now, we
have a bill calling for nearly five million dol-
lars more for the same Department.
As I said, I am .not certain that I heard the
Senator distinctly as to the practice in making
appropriations for the Post Office Department.
Yet, it seems to me one thing is entirely clear.
Last session, in June, we appropriated over
twenty-four million dollars for the Post Office
Department. That should have been enough,
it seems to me, to carry it on. The period
is not very far back when that sum covered
the expense of all the civil Departments of
the GoVernment. Now, sir, in addition to
$24,000,(500 last year, we have a deficiency
bill for nearly five million dollars. Is there
any explanation of this? If there is, what
is it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, there is
one observation of my friend from California
that perhaps is worthy of a special notice. He
says that the Republican party, and the Senator
from Vermont in particular, seem to have for-
gotten history in connection with the events of
the last ten years. Possibly that is so ; but we
have not given any very strong evidence of it
so far, according to my friend and his asso-
ciates, who are accusing us all the time of talk-
ing about that history. I believe he called it
the vice of forgetting history ; but, Mr. Presi-
dent, there is one vice in connection with his-
tory that is rather worse than that of forgetting
it—I am sure my friend from California can-
not imagine what it is; everybody who knows
him knows he cannot imagine it—and that is
the vice of perverting history ; an idea, I pre-
sume, that has never occurred to him or his
associates, of making a true history seem to be
a false one, and of making the history of treason
and of blood for which somebody is responsi-
ble—respect for him and his party prohibits
me from saying who I think it is—seem to be
that we have only had a grand romance in
which all sides and both sides, and particularly
the under side, as they say in a dog fight, merit
the most sympathy. He is welcome to that
view of history. No doubt, a hundred years
hence, he will be famous from the fact that he
has adopted that view of history, So much for
history, Mr. President; now let us come to the
case.
My friend from California admits, for he is
a candid man, that this method which has
been practiced through that two thirds of a
century in which his party has had the control
of the Government, of never settling appro-
priation accounts, of holding over balances,
of leaving the Executive of the nation to take
all the appropriations and devote them to one
service or one branch of the service, if he
pleases, is a great abuse; and his only attack
upon us now is that we have not corrected.that
abuse sooner; that we have been in power
since 1861, and, as he phrases it, have hugged
that abuse to our bosoms until 1870. Very
well, sir; that is a pretty good ground of com-
plaint. If we had had time we should have
corrected it sooner. But, Mr. President, we
had a pretty heavy load to carry after we came
in, from 1861 to 1869, four years of war and
four years of something else that was almost
worse than war—the incubus of an accidental
Democratic rule which came in, it must be
said, under Republican auspices; the rule of
Mr. Johnson. And while we had to carry the
Democratic party, as a soldier carries hisfdried-
up rations in his knapsack, on our backs, while
we were fighting the rebels, we had not a large
amount of time in which to devote ourselves
to correcting old Democratic abuses in the
Treasury.
I have no doubt that my friend's party would
have been vastly better suited if we had gone
to some northern State, where we could be
safe, and had devoted ourselves to the subject
of accounts, instead of carrying on war against
his friends in the South ; but we did not ex-
actly take that view of it; and in carrying on
that war, and in carrying my friend and his
party upon our shoulders at the same time, he
must confess that we had a pretty heavy duty
to perform. Possibly we ought to have rem-
edied this abuse earlier; but the earliest mo-
ment that we could reach it we did remedy it,
and we cut up, what my friend admits to be an
abuse of administration, that came to us from
him and his colleagues. And now he turns
around and finds fault with us, that, having
cut up that abuse, we are obliged to carry
on the Government by appropriating money
directly which before had been taken by stealth
by Executives.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to add one historical fact?
Mr. EDMUNDS. .Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. At the first session of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress, when this subject was
first discussed, the House of Representatives
then being Republican, passed this very pro-
vision, carrying over appropriations into the
Treasury and prohibiting transfers of appro-
priations, and it was defeated by a Democratic
Senate. The war then came on, and the mat-
ter probably escaped notice for a time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am much obliged to
my friend from Ohio for this statement. It
only corroborates the facts and the theory
that I was laying before the Senate, and in
a very powerful way. We have sought, as
you will find, as we have always sought, Mr.
President, to correct abuses in administration
whenever we had the power, whether they were
abuses in our party or out of it, an observation
which, I take it, can scarcely be said of that
distinguished and long-gone-by party of which
my friend from California is the leader at this
time.
Now, then, let me come to the Post Office
and see what has been done about the defi-
ciencies in that Department. My friend says
we made large appropriations at the last year.
So we did. We made the usual ones for carry-
ing on the service, for carrying newspapers,
for carrying letters, for carrying on intellect-
ual and social intercourse in all parts of the
country. Does he object to that? Has not
the Democratic party gotten over its time-hon-
ored theory that information and education are
injurious to a free people ? Has it not recovered
from that disease ? I take it my friend from
California would agree with me that money
cannot be better spent, so it be rightly and
fairly and economically spent, than In the
transmission and diffusion of intelligence in a
Republic.
Now, compare the cost of this dissemination
of intelligence under Democratic and under
Republican administration. I will begin with
the year 1857, when that great.public function-
ary from Pennsylvania, Mr. Buchanan, began
his administration, and I find that the postal
reve nues all put together were $8,053,1)00, (I
leave off the hundreds and cents for brevity,) and
that the expenses of his first year were $11,507,-
000, a deficiency of over three million dollars.
In 1858 the revenues were $8,186,000 and the
expenditures $12,721,000, "a most gratifying
increase of expenditure," a former Commis-
sioner of Agriculture used to say, exceeding,
I havo no doubt, the most sanguine expecta-
tions of that great public functionary in dis-
posing of the people's money under his Admin-
istration. Then we come to 1859, in which
the receipts, constantly diminishing you will
notice, were $7,968,000 and the expenditures
$14,984,000, a deficiency of almost seven mil-
lion dollars. Then we come to 1860, which,
fortunately for the pockets of the people and
the Treasury, was the last of his and the Demo-
cratic years, and we find that the receipts were
$9,218,000 and the expenditures $14,874,000,
more than five million dollars of deficit then,
nearly six millions.
Now, sir, take it through the troublesome
times of the war, when everything was swelled
by the depreciation of currency and the rise
of prices, and all that manner of wrong and
peculation which must necessarily accompany
warfare, because the officials of the Govern-
ment cannot devote themselves to repress-
ing it, and you find that the income of the
Department steadily increased, and that its
expenditures steadily decreased ; since the war
and particularly since the present Adminis-
tration came in, they have reduced this deficit
so that now it is only a little over three mil-
lions against the sixes and the sevens of the
Administrations of my friend and his col-
leagues. And, that also Mr. President, in the
face of the fact that the service in the sparsely-
settled portions of the country, over the Terri-
tories and over the new States, has been more
than quadrupled. And yet wo are gravely
flouted here, in the face of an intelligent
American people, as if we had contrived to
defraud them by a purposely-contrived under-
estimate of expenditure and an under appro-
priation. I am astonished that the' Senator
from California should undertake to arraign
the liepublican party and this Administration
for bringing politics into the discussion of
appropriation bills, following a speech of his
own, which insinuated, what upon the truth
he could not have said, that we had concealed
from the people the true state of the postal
service for the last year. I am astonished at
it. My friend had forgotten, no doubt, that at
the last year we had corrected this long time
abuse as to the transfer of appropriations, and
that we had made no provision at all for this
constantly diminishing deficiency in the postal
service—which had always been appropriated
for before—by a mere clerical accident, a mis-
take which anybody could see, and which every
intelligent person in the country knew must
have happened.
Now, Mr. President, I do not want to bring
politics into appropriations; but when my friend
from California comes five thousand miles, or
whatever the distance may be, to this capital
to bring politics into appropriations he must
take the benefit of politics in appropriations.
He must not expect that he is to arraign the
political fidelity or the political honor of the
party to which I belong by accusing us of
undertaking to cheat the people in the face of
the facts I have stated ; and if he does so," he
