1268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
trict judge is greatly incumbered with duties,
and it is said his pay is inadequate. I will
assume that in all these exceptional cases,
for the convenience of my argument. By what
kind of reasoning is it that we jump to the
conclusion that not raising the salaries of these
men essentially—because I think some of them
receive $5,000 now—we proceed to raise the
salary of everybody else where there is no
extraordinary service performed, and no extra-
ordinary inadequacy, and no inadequacy at all
of compensation* as I submit?
We are told by the honorable Senator from
Delaware—I say "told" in a quasi sense;
he admits that an amendment which has been
adopted to the bill this evening furnishes some
reason for this. I send to the Secretary and
beg him to read the law in the light of which
the conference committee reported the present
schedule, and I wish he would be good enough,
on page 230 of the Digest, which I send up, to
read sections seven and eight, and let us see
with what understanding it was as to the duties
of these men, in transposing the districts, that
this tariff was adjusted.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"7. It shall be the duty of such distriot judge as
shall be for that purpose designated and appointed
(as in the preceding sections provided) to hold the
district court or circuit court as aforesaid, and dis-
charge all the judicial duties of the district judge
who shall be sick or otherwise disabled as aforesaid,
so long as such sickness ojfother disability shall con-
tinue; and all the acts, and proceedings in said
courts, or by or before the said district judge so des-
ignated and appointed, shall have the same force,
effect, and validity as if done and transacted by and
before the district judge of said district.
"8. It shall be lawful for such circuit judge or the
Chief Justice of the United States, as the case may
be, from time to time, if in his judgment the public
interests shall so require, to make a new designation
and appointment of any other district judge of any
judicial district within the same circuits as afore-
said, with the powers and for the duties and pur-
poses mentioned in the preceding sections of this
act, and to revoke and determine any previous desig-
nation and appointment."
Mr. CONKLING. What act is that ? Look
at the head of the page.
The Chief Clerk. The act of July 29, 1850.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well, Mr. President.
Then for seventeen years there had been these
provisions, and acting in the light of these ob-
ligations the two Houses of Congress adjusted
the present salaries. What are these obliga-
tions? Are they not that one judge being ill
or one judge being overburdened or occupied
too much, any and every other district judge
in the same circuit is to coma to his relief?
Have we said anything more than that now ?
But it has been said, I am told, that judges
have declined to go on the ground of inade-
quacy of pay. Well, sir, I hope not, in the full
sense which those words import. I hope that
there is no district judge who, holding his office,
disregards and disobeys a clear mandate of the
law. If it has laid upon him burdens greater
thai; he can bear, the reason would be a good
one for vacating his place; as an honorable
Senator before me said this afternoon, he is a
freeman and lie can resign. I hope it is not a
common thing that judges holding their offices
during good behavior are guilty of the ill be-
havior of refusing to execute and abide by
the law. Now we have laid on them the same
obligation in other terms, and the argument is
that by an indiscriminate increase of salary
we are going to promote th«ir efficiency !
Mr. President, I answer the argument twice.
First. I think it would be a surrender in Con-
gress, and a most indefensible thing, to attempt
as the remedy for a judge refusingto discharge
his duty to induce him by additional pay to
do it. But, second, 1 deny altogether that it
will have any such effect. A judge who refuses
now, because his salary is $500 less or more, to
comply with that requirement of law is not, I
think, likely to be rendered adiligent and will-
ing judge by any such arrangement as this.
Mr. BAYARD, I wish to ask my honorable
friend from New York a question as to the
statute to which he has referred. This statute
provides fer the performance of the duties by
another district judge in case of the sickness or
other disability of the judge of the district.
Mr: CONKLING. Now look at the next
section, if you please ; section eight.
Mr. BAYARD. I am looking at the law
which was read from the desk, the same book ;
and the language is, " sickness and disability
aforesaid," which refers to a previous section,
and the first place that phrase is used is sec-
tion five. It is there provided that—
" In ease of the sickness or other disability of any
district judge of any judicial distriot of the Unitett
States, which shall prevent him from holding any
stated or appointed term of the district court of his
district," &c.
Then sections seven and eight provide that
where such sickness or disability occurs 
Mr. CONKLING. Will my honorable friend
be good enough to read section eight ? It is
very brief.
Mr. BAYARD. I will.
"That it shall be lawful for sueh circuit judge, or
the Chief Justice of the United States, as the ease
may be, from time to time, if in his judgment tho
public interest shall so require, to make a new
designation and appointment of any other district
judge, of any judicial district within the same cir-
cuits as aforesaid, with the powers and for the duties
and purposes mentioned in the preceding sections
of this act."
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly; "duties and
purposes mentioned," and not merely "in the
cases mentioned," to wit, the sickness or dis-
ability of the judge.
Mr. BAYARD. I confess that I find no
other pretext or power for the appointment
of a man to take the place of another except
the named man is sick or disabled; and what
I intended to ask was, what do you mean by
"sickness or disability?" "Disability," as
we understand it, does not refer to the mere
inconvenience of attending or mere preoccu-
pation ; but a judge is disabled from holding
court, in addition to sickness, from the fact
of his interest, his incompetency to try a par-
ticular case equitably and judicially. Is not
that the meaning of the word? This matter
of judicial disability has a signification.
Mr. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
were right in that view, the act of 1867 would
cure it; but as he makes the point, and seems
to think I fell into an error, I am sure if he
will look at it he will see that it does not bear
any such construction. The eighth section is
not limited, as the seventh section is ; and in
confirmation of that I may remind the Sen-
ator, and I think he knows it if he will reflect
on it, that the practice has never been re-
stricted to any such case. On the contrary, the
judges have been summoned from one district
to another merely because the circuit judge,
or district judge, as the case might be, was
occupied excessively or was sitting at cham-
bers. Therefore 1 submit that it does not
change the law, and that the added induce-
ment of an increase of salary is not to make
the law essentially more efficient.
But, Mr. President, I object to this for
another reason. The honorable Senator from
Delaware allowed my somewhat courageous
and persistent friend from Nevada to argue
him out, in part, of his suggestion that no such
arrangement for moving the pawns upon the
board would render less horizontal, essen-
tially, and less equally unequal, if I may so
speak, this provision than it is now. The
honorable Senator from Nevada undertook to
show him how it was that they could move
them around in such a way that wherever a
man was found idle he would be picked up and
set to work ; and in that way it was to be very
well that they should all be paid alike. There
is no such thing as that within possibility.
The map will not show it, nor will the knowl-
edge of any lawyer in this body show any such
thing. It is not so.
I know that a judge may come from Ver-
mont to New York when we need him, and
I know that at some other time a judge' may
come from New Hampshire when we need
him; and Judge Woodruff may send up to
Maine and get the district judge to come down
from there and hold a court; but, when all is
done, does anybody suppose that this judge
up in Maine is to be occupied, as Judge Blateh-
ford is occupied, with a procession of people
going to him morning, noon, and night, for
chamber business, from Christmas to New
Year's, and from New Year's around to Christ-
mas again, saying nothing about his business
in term time? Everybody knows it is not so.
He will go down once in two or three years
and hold a court for two or three weeks, assum -
ing that this all works out its appropriate
result; and the difference to be gained in that
way will be a drop in the bucket, I submit;
and the fact remains that here is $64,500 voted
to be equally distributed in the result and
unequally as to the amount it adds. Here is a
district judge who is receiving now $3,500 a
year, which was judged by both Houses a few
years ago to be enough, and with which he
was satisfied, and is satisfied now; you are to
give him $1,500 more. Here is another judge
who is receiving now $5,000, and is overbur-
dened with work; he does not get any more.
Now, sir, I submit one of two things is true:
either there is no grievance here to be rem-
edied, there is no occasion for legislation, or
else there is an occasion for discriminating
legislation, for finding out who it is that is not
paid enough and giving him enough. That,
I humbly submit, is the remedy.
As I have said thus much, I beg to make
one other remark. I dissent totally, pleasant
as it is and popular as it may be in some quar-
ters, from the idea that I have heard advanced
by several Senators here to day, that if you
can find a man in judicial office who could
earn more somewhere else in the profession
you have found a case of inadequate compen-
sation. I do not belfeve one word of it. I
disbelieve it for various reasons which enter
into the good sense of mankind the world
over.
By what sort of test do you determine the
value of a thing? The amount of money which
will obtain it in the market is one mode of
judging of its value, is it not? Do these
offices go begging? Is it true that a place
upon the highest judgment-seat of this nation
goes about as a mendicant, supplicating re-
spectable men to receive it? No, sir; that is
not so. Is it true, on the other hand, that at
this time more than at other times the em-
ployer of public servants, the United States,
is able to pay abundant compensation? No,
sir; that statement is false ; the reverse of it
is true. Is it true that we adjust other salaries
by any such mode of measurement as this?
No, sir; that is false. Why, sir, the court but
interprets the laws which we sit here to make,
and those who sit here should be fit for their
places as well as judges of the Supreme Court.
In theory of law they are. And shall I be told
that $8,000 a year, for example, is inadequate
pay for a judge, while $5,000 a year is adequate
pay for a Senator?
Mr. BA.YARD. My honorable friend will
permit me to ask him this question: does he
not know that there are members of Congress
whose earnings in their profession as lawyers,
outside of their salaries here, are more than
double what they get in this body, and that
judges cannot do that?
Mr. CONKLING. I will make a very frank
confession to my friend if he will hear me
a moment. I could not remain in public life
six months if I did not practice myself.
Mr. BAYARD. That is exactly what I
' mean.
Mr. CONKLING. I am perfectly willing
to admit that it is only by dint of extreme
exertion in vacation that I am able to be here
during the session. There is no doubt about
that. What of it?
Mr. BAYARD. That is not the case with
judges.
Mr. CONKLING. I am aware that that is
not tho case with judges. But in order that I
may take a case that steers clear of that dis-
