187],
W® CONGRESSIONAL firLOp.
naval appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 2789) making
appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 1872, and for other pur-
poses, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentative* ; and
On motion of Mr. COLE, it was
Revolved, Th.it the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
bv the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Hottses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
spiiagtre, Mr. Cragtx, and Sir.' Stockton.
NAVIGATION OS THE BOSPXIOBUS.
Mr. MORTON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President be requested, if pot
incompatible with'the public interests, to transmit
to the Senate copies of any correspondence from the
legation of the United States at Constantinople,
relating to the restrictions on the passage of the
straits of the Dardanelles and the Bosphorus by the
ships of other nations.
amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. NYE, Mr. VICKERS,
Mr. MORRILL 'of Vermont," Mr. "BLAIR,
Mr. DAVIS, "Mr. CORBETT, Mr. PATTER-
SON", Mr. BAYARD, and Mr. WILSON sub-
mitted amendments intended to be proposed
by them to the bill (H. R. No. 3064) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the year ending June
SO, 1872, and for other purposes ; which were
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(FT. R. No. 3036) making appropriations for
the repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public works on rivers and harbors,
and for other purposes; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.'
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
3064) making appropriations for sundry eiyil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1872, and forother purposes;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-
posed to the bill (H. R. No. 3064) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1872,
and for other purposes ; which was referred to
the Committee on'Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
fortification bill.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the fortification bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 2860) making appropriations for the
construction, preservation, and repair of cer-
tain fortifications and other works of defense
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
Mr. COLE. Let mo suggest to Senators that
we proceed to the regular order. We can get
through this bill in n minute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The biU is re-
ported from the Committee on Appropriations
without amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and
ordered to a third reading.
Mr. POMEROY. ' Before the "bill passes I
wish to call the attention of the Senate to one
fact. We make these appropriations year by
year to carry on these works, tint we never
finish them. I have never knowu an appro-
priation made to finish one of these works.
Why is it that we cannot have 'some estimate
njade for finishing a work, so that we shall
know how much to appropriate, on the idea
that the work can at some time or other be'
closed ? For ten years I have been in the Sen-
ate, and I have seen the appropriations made
year by year; so much to carry on the work in
such a harbor, so. much on such a river, ?.nd
some of the riyers ape hardly to be found in
9,ny geography or' on' anyatl^s ; but year by
year these Appropriations go on, and we never
see the end. I want the Committee on'Appro-
priations, who seem to be careful' in every-
thing else, but who let this bill go untouched,
to inquire, at some stage of the proceedings,
■yh'en these fortifications will be done. I
want to know what is to be the ultimate ex-
pense of the schemes we are embarked in.
As the Committee on Appropriations had
let one bill pass through their hands without
being touched, I rose only to call the attention
of the Senate to that fact;
' The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS subsequently moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill wag
passed, for the purpose of striking out in lines
six and seven the words "such appropriations
not to be coyeredinto the Treasury until other-
wise hereafter provided;" but, by unanimous
consent, this amendment was made without
reconsidering the vote on the passage of the bill.
message from the house.
A message froni the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that Mr. S. S. Burdett, of Missouri, had been
appointed a conferee, in the place of Mr.
Shelby M. Cullom, excused, on the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial appropriation bill,
(H. R. No. 2524.)
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 1204) to authorize the restora-
tion of James Belger to the rank of major and
quartermaster in the Army; and
A bill (S. No. 1041) to relieve certain per-
sons therein named from the legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution, and for other pur-
poses.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President;
A bill (H. Ii. No. 2925) to amend an act
entitled "'An act to require the holding of
additional district and circuit courts of the
United States in the district of Indiana, and
for other purposes," approved. June 30, 1870,
and for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 996) to provide for the col-
lection of debts due from southern railroad
corporations, and for other purposes.
RIVER AND IIARBOlt BILL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 3036, making appropriations for rivers
and harbors.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Lwill say to the Senator
from Michigan that I have tvvo reports to make
from the Committee on Finance of bills of a
general character which the Secretary of the
Treasury is very desirous to have passed.
They are short bills, and if they are read now
they can be passed in a minute, for I am sure
there will be no objection to them. If there
should be any objection to them 1 should, be
willing to let them go over. They are bills of
a general character, affecting alike all sections
of the country.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the river and
harbor bill will now be proceeded with. I
think it can be passed between now and half
past four o'clock if I am not interfered with.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator objects 1
■will not rasikg these reports now, but I will
take the gfst opportunity to do so. : ! '
lilr. CHANDLER. 1 hope we may pass the
bill before the recess. ~ '
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 3036) making appropriations for the re-
pair, preservation, and completion'of certain
public works on rivers and harbors, and for
other purposes, is now before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole. The bill will be read
by the'Secr.etary, and the amendments reported
by the Committee on Commerce will be con-
sidered as they p,re reached in their order in
the reading of the bill.
"Mr. POMEROY. Before the hill is read I
■jvish to ask whether the thirtieth rule applies
to it? '
' The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not, ac-
cording to the previous rulings of the Senate.
Several rulings have been made that that rule
does not apply to this bill, as it is not one of
the nine general appropriation bills necessary
for carrying on the Government.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was in line eleven of section one, to
reduce the appropriation for improvement of
Superior City harbor, Wisconsin, from §60,000
to $40,000. * ' "
Mr. HOWE. I hope that ameijdment will
not be insisted upon. The 'engineers ask for
$100,000, the House of Representatives agreed
to an appropriation of $60,000, and I do not
understand why it should be reduced.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will tell the Senator.
Superior has had several appropriations for
the improvement of the harbor; but there is
no railroad communication with Superior,
while Duluth is the terminus of the Northern
Pacific railroad. The committee took "off
$20,000 of this item and put on $60,000 for
Duluth, so that the bill will stand $40,000 for
Superior and $60,000 for Duluth.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like the com-
mittee to explain why the Government need
be appropriating for two such establishments
within four miles of each other.
Mr. CHANDLER. My impression is tijat
Duluth will be a great town; it is the terminus
of the'Northern Pacific railroad.
Itfr. POMEROT- Are you going to abandon
the other place, after spending thousands and
thousands of dollars on it'/
Mr. CHANDLER. I cannot answer that
question ; but there is quite a town at Duliith.
Mr. CAMERON. Had we not better' wait
until Duluth shall become a great town? I
move to strike the whole out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment is not in order at this time, as the amend-
ments of the committee are first to be disposed
of. It will be in order, if the amount be
changed, to move to strike out the clause after
the amendment of the committcc shall be dis-
posed of. The question is on the amendment
of the Committee on Commerce, reduping this
appropriation of $60,000 to $40,000. Is the
Senate ready for the question?
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senate is not quite
ready for the question. I was at a great deal
of a loss to know what reason would be as-
signed for this proposed amendment, and of
all the reasons that I could possibly conjec-
ture I certainly did not anticipate the reason
which is assigned by the chairman of the Com-
mittee 011 Commerce. Now, if it be possible,
I would be glad to have this cup passed from
me; but if it is not, the will of the Senate must
be done, and not my wish. I want the Senate
to hear, however, what this proposition is.
The Government of the United States has
been employed for a good many years, not in
making harbors where there are no harbors,
but in improving harbors which afford some
facilities to commerce, but not adequate facili-
ties to commerce. In the West and on the
line of the lakes these' harbors halve been
found at the mouths of rivers aifording water
