1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1269
tinction, let me ask my friend this question:
what does he think of a Cabinet minister in
this city whose entire salary goes to pay his
house rent? What of him? He does not
practice law.
Mr. DAVIS. He is a great fool to submit
to it. FLanghter.]
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
from Kentucky has risen from the sofa, but
he has not waked up to tell us that.
Mr. DAVIS. I was listening to your follies
very attentively. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
does me great honor to listen to me when I
am in sucu a mood.
Now I say, Mr. President, neither to pro-
long this dictission nor to treat it with levity,
that Cabinet officers, Senators, foreign minis-
ters, heads of bureaus, officers of this Gov-
ernment are nowhere paid npon the theory
that the man is equal to the place, and that
being equal, he could earn more somewhere
Mr. DAVIS. That is true.
Sir. CONKLING. Of course that is true;
wsd that, therefore, I say to my honorable
friend, is not one of the follies which at this
Moment I am committing.
Now, Mr. President, what does this show?
To be very brief about it, it shows that the
so-called honors of public place, whatever they
may be, the distinction of public position, in
the estimation of mankind, creates an induce-
ment for holding it; and it shows that as the
soldiers of France fought for their ribbon and
their decoration, so members of the bar labor
to achieve distinguished professional and judi-
cial eminence; and when you come to say that
because my honorable friend from Delaware
can earn as a lawyer and still more as a rail-
road man, for example 
Mr. BAYARD. Which he is not.
Mr. CONKLING. Whichheisnot—a vastly
larger compensation than he receives here, you
thereby prove that he should receive more, yon
make an argument which I say is wholly unten-
able. So when you attempt to argne that a
man who exchanges the golden harvest of his
profession, a man who goes from that arena
in which he wins honors that are to be weighed
in golden scales, and ascends to the highest
judicial position the nation has, is a loser and
unfairly treated unless he receives as much in
money as he did before, you make an argu-
ment which, in my judgment, is unsound.
Sir, 1 believe I am ready, whatever the de-
mand or the cry of eccnomy may be, to vote a
just compensation for every public servant. I
should distrust myself if I doubted it. But I
insist upon it that this is not the time to resolve
doubts against the Treasury. On the contrary,
no salary should be raised until you find one
which, trying it by the rales that apply to such
eases, is an inadequate salary, an unjust salary.
When you find that ease 1 am ready to vote
for an increase of that salary. I submit that
the cases of these district judges, save in the
exceptional instances, are not such cases, and
that it is an improvident, and, in my judgment,
an unwarrantable provision to appropriate
$64,500 for the purpose of making the salaries
of all the judges alike, when the duties of all
are so essentially unlike in the labors they
involve.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from New
York has utterly misconceived the arguments
that have been made in favor of adequate com-
pensation for judicial labor. To say that a judge
should be compensated by any rule of com-
pensation that he could make at the bar if he
were to continue the practice of the law, is
absurd. That is not the mode of getting at
the question at all. As I said this morning,
judges who are fit for their jjosition are gen-
erally devoted to their profession and are poor
men, for they have not given their attention
to money-making. They are men, however,
who have succeeded at the bar sufficiently to
make a good living. They generally have
families. To say that they shall be compen-
sated so that they can live, so that their com-
pensation shall support an ordinary family in
comfortable circumstances, is to say that the
very class of men who deserve those offices
may have them. If yon put the salary below
a living rate, you give them either to the rich
or to the dishonest. Inadequate compensa-
tion for judges denies you the services of the
very class of men you want. It. is in behalf
of the people who have their cases to be tried
that I plead for placing the judges out of the
hands of the shark or the rascal.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the Senator
a question ?
Mr. STEWART. Any question.
Mr. CONKLING. Has he ever known
a case within his memory — I speak of the
supreme bench, for example — where a good
judge, the highest example of his profession,
could not be found to take the office for the
reason that the pay was inadequate ? I know
he can refer me to one instance in which a
gentleman descended from the bench of the
Supreme Court, decked with all the new honors
with which he was clothed, and resumed the
practice of his profession; bat I ask him whether
he knows of any case where the office has been
community where they live. - This salary of
$5,000 will be no more than sufficient to make
the district judges independent.
I agree with the Senator from Delaware,
that it any change is to be made in the amount
named here it-would be by increasing the sal-
aries of a few of them. But I think there is
more in this idea of equalizing the labor than
is suggested by the Senator from New York,
It does not cost a man any more to live if he
has to work all the time than if he has to work
only a part of the time. Five thousand dol-
lars is as small an amount as will support
the family of a judge, whether he has much or
little to do. If you require him to be a judge,
the people of the district where he administers
justice are entitled to have a judge who does
not belong to anybody, who is independent.
They are entitled to an independent judiciary.
The question is not as to the amount of labor
performed, but it is to give a sufficient salary
to obtain a man who can administer justice
properly and be his own man.
Mr. BAYARD obtained the floor.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Delaware yield to the Senator
from Arkansas ?
Mr. BAYARD. What does the Senatorfrom
refused because there was no man in the first J; Arkansas desire to say?
rank of the bar who would or was glad to " """"
it ?
Mr. STEWART. I do not want to discuss
the circumstances of the judges upon the
supreme bench. I know from my personal
knowledge that their salary is inadequate to
support them. I know that they are labor-
ing under disadvantages and embarrassments
that the highest tribunal of this country ought
not to labor under.
Mr. CONKLING. This bill now raises their
salary $2,000.
Mr. STEWART. I think that inadequate.
I think it ought to be $10,000: but it had
better be raised $2,000 than not raised at all.
Now, as to the district judges, there may be
places perhaps in this country where it can be
done, but if there is any place where such a
man can live comfortably on less than $5,000
a year, and not be in the hands of either the
shark or the rascal, I do not know of it. I
have known of instances where district judges
of the United States, men who were as pure as
men could be, honest, endeavoring to discharge
the duties of their offices, had their property
mortgaged, their homesteads mortgaged ; they
were in debt to the bank, in debt here and
there, in order to live and support their fam-
ilies; and although they had the confidence of
the community, still they felt humiliated, and
they were liable to be laboring under suspicion
by parties who had suits.
Mr. DAVIS. Do you make a distinction
between a shark and a rascal?
Mr. STEWART. I think there is a slight
distinction. Now, I undertake to say that any
argument based upon what a man could make
Mr. RICE. I desireto make a speech against
this amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. In favor of this measure ?
Mr. RICE. Against striking out the pro-
vision for Salaries for the district judges.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to yield-
ing to the Senator from Arkansas as a matter
of courtesy, if he desires to go on now.
Mr. RICE. No : I was not aware that the
Senator had the floor.
Mr. BAYARD. I propose to say something
in the same behalf myself. The honorable
Senator from New York is in error, I very
respectfully submit to him, as to the condi-
tions-precedent under which any district judge
in any given circuit may be called on to aid
another district judge. I do not find that he
may be called in toaidhimin any case except-
ing where such judge shall be sick or disabled.
There is no other contingency in which you
may make an idle judge busy, except where
the judge into whose district he is called to
go shall be sick or disabled ; and I submit very
respectfully to the Senate that those words
have an ascertained meaning. As to the word
" sick,'' that we understand. It is a physical
debility that prevents his performance of the
duties. Then what do you mean by "judicial
disability?" You simply mean that a man is
judicially incompetent to sit in a case; you
mean that he is by means of kindred so related
to the parties concerned in the issue that he
may not be a fair judge. You do not mean
that he is to be preoccupied, yon do not mean
that he is to be overworked.
Bat I submit to those gentlemen of this
body who have considered the meaning of the
ttigULUCliti UOOCU UJJUU <* LtiOtU wutu LUttixv y "«■** ^ vuv
out of office is hot a sound one; what he could | terms, that where you speak of "judicial dis
make in his profession is not material; but ' ability," you mean the case of a judge who is
the true question is, what salary is adequate to | not qualified to sit fairly in a particular cause ;
place these high offices within the reach of : that is all. And when you consider all the
honest men who are capable of filling them? i sections of the act of 1850, not only section
As to the Cabinet officers, they ought to have ;j four but section eight, which 1 was requested
a higher salary than they now receive. They • ' '* ~ J
ought to have enough to support them prop- 1
erly in the places they occupy—nothing, more, j
nothing less. Any other theory is wrong, is
unfair, is unjust, particularly with reference to
the judiciary. The whole country looks to the
judiciary. The judiciary is the only arm of
the Government by which the poor can be pro-
tected, particularly now in the South. You are
legislating constantly to impose new duties
upon the judiciary. The whole country looks
to the judiciary for protection ; and yet you
pay your judges salaries that will not support
them and their families, salaries that must
make them dependent upon somebody, in the
some little time back to read, you will find
that they all refer to the same case precisely,
and that is, where a district, judge shall be
sick or disabled his place may be filled by
j auother district judge of the same circuit.
| Mr. SCOTT. It is entirely evident that
I there will be no further action on this bill to-
! night, and I ask the Senator from Delaware
i to yield for a motion for an executive session,
I as there are a number of nominations which
; have come in that ought to be disposed of.
; Mr. BAYARD. For that purpose I yield,
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
] from Pennsylvania moves that the Senate pro-
I ceed to the consideration of executive business,
