1270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Mr. NYE. I appeal to -my friend from
Pennsylvania to withdraw that motion for a
moment. : • •
Mr. SCOTT. For what purpose 1
Mr. NYE. This day was assigned for the
business of the Committee on Territories. Now
I want to know, if it is within the knowledge
of the Chair, how we can have an opportunity
to get that business before the Senate, and
whether it will be necessary to move again that
to-morrow or gome other day be set aside for
that business? " -
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it would be necessary for the Senator
to make a motion to that effect.
Mr. SCOTT. I prefer that the sense of the
Senate be taken on the motion I make.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania declines to yield.
Mr. NYE. I move then that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is in order. Pending the motion to go into
executive session the Senator from Nevada
move's that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 24 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Edmunds, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Maryland, Osborn, Itice, Robert-
son, Spencer, Sumner, and Tipton—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Davis, Flanagan, Fowler, Harlan, Mc-
j)onald, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Pomeroy, Ross,
Sawyer, Scott. Sherman. Sprague. Stewart. Thayer,
Trumbull, Warner, Willey, and Wilson—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattail,
Chandler, Cragin, Fenton, Ferry. Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harris,Hill, Howard, Howe, Howell, John-
ston, Kellogg, Lewis, McCreery, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Stearns, Stockton, Thurman,
Vickers, Williams, and Yates—38.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuses to adjourn ; but no quorum is present.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be directed to request the attendance of
the absent Senators.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont moves that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. COLE and Mr. SPRAGUE called for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. THAYER. No business has intervened
since the last motion to adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Therehasbeen an inter-
vening motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An inter-
vening motion was made by the Senator from
California; and therefore the motion to ad-
journ is in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, is this
motion to adjourn in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is.
Mr. CONKLING. The only other inter-
vening motion was not entertained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
entertained the motion; but this superseded it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Edmunds, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Maryland, Osborn, Pomeroy, Rice,
Robertson, Spencer, Tipton, and Trumbull—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Davis, Flanagan, Harlan, McDonald,
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Ross, Sawyer, Sherman,
ISprague, Stewart, Thayer, Warner, Willey, and
Wilson—20.
ABSENT—-Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell,
Chandler, Cragin, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler, Hamilton
of Texas, Hamlin, Harris, Hill, Howard, Howe,
Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, McCreery, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Revels. Saulsbury, Schurz. Scott, Stearns,
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Vickers, Williams,
and Yates—41.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuses to adjourn, but no quorum is voting.
Mr. CQLE. My motion is in order now,
I believ#.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is that ?
Mr. COLE. It was the pending motion, I
believe, when the motion to adjourn was made.
If it is not alive yet, however, I can renew it.
It is that the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to
invite the attendance of absent members.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be directed to request the attendance
of absent members.
Mr. FOWLER. That question is debatable,
is it not ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. FOWLER. Well, Mr. President, let
me say 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend give way
for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. CONKLING. That would not be in
order.
Mr. FOWLER. As soon as I make a
remark I will yield. I wish to appeal to the
Senator who has charge of the present bill.
I hope he will withdraw his motion. I will
sustain him to-morrow morning, or at any
time he may commence this bill again, and
help to put it through, but it is very evident
now that we shall net get through to-night. It
is manifest that we are going to discuss this
question through, and it would be better for
him and better for all of us to go home to-
night, come back to-morrow properly, and go
to this business and pursue it thoroughly until
we get through. The Senate is in no temper
to stand by the Senator from California this
night.
Mr. CONKLING. Can the Senator name
any night when he thinks we can get through?
Mr. FOWLER. No, sir; no night. lean
tell the Senator from New York another plan.
Let us commence to-morrow at ten o'clock, or
any other day at ten o'clock, and go on to six.
Mr. CONKLING. Or any other time.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. FOWLER. Any other time; but not
to-night. The night is a bad time. I have
noticed that we put in most of the night in
discussion ; it is the greatest time for talking.
Everybody seems to be inspired with a desire
of talking. It is a bad time to do business,
and I do not like it. I hope the Senator from
California will take my advice for once, and I
will give way to see whether he will do it.
Mr. COLE. I am very glad that there is
one Senator who proposes to stand by the
Committee on Appropriations. It is a very
cheering proposition, and it is one that we
had not much reason to hope for from the
demonstrations we have had to-night. I oan
see, at the rate we are progressing, no time
when the appropriation bills are to be disposed
of. If upon every question that is presented
in connection with an appropriation bill in-
terminable discussion is to arise I certainly
cannot see the end of these bills during the
short space that is left of this session. I shall
at a very early time, perhaps to-morrow morn-
ing, ask unanimous consent to confine the
speeches on each amendment to five minutes,
and I hope we shall have no dissent from that.
If there are enough-present to-night to make
an agreement I would ask for it now; and I
think I had better ask for it now.
Mr. FOWLER. I pray the Senator from
California not to ask anything to-night; let us
wait until to-morrow morning.
Mr. SPENCER. There is no quorum, and
we cannot make an agreement.
Mr. COLE. I suppose we can agree to it
without a quorum. If we agree to it, I think
we shall have gained one grand point.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I am not through yet.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE. I snbmit this proposition, and
I should like to know if any Senator will object
to unanimous consent for this purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not I, certainly.
Mr. COLE. Then I ask unanimous consent
of the Senate to a rule that debates be con-
fined on each proposition or question arising
out of the appropriation bills to five minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order. I ask whether less than a quorum can
give unanimous consent to anything?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course they cannot.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point
of order is well taken. The Chair will state
that a vote by yeas and nays having developed
the want of a quorum the Senate can either
adjourn or send for absent members.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SAWYER and Mr. SPRAGUE called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 15 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Casserly, Ed-
munds, Flanagan, Fowler. Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland, McDonald, Pomeroy, Rice, Scott, Spen-
cer, Stewart, Trumbull, Willey, and wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Davis, Harlan, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Rob-
ertson. Ross, Sawyer, Sherman, Sprague, Thayer
and Warner—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell,
Chandler, Cragin, Fenton, Ferry, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Harris, Hill, Howard, Howe,
Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, McCreery, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pool,
Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Saulsbury, Schurz, Stearns,
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Vickers, Wil-
liams, and Yates—41.
So the motion was agreed to; and (at nine
o'clock and twenty-nine minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 15, 1871.
The House metattwelveo'clockm. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sy.mp-
son, one of their clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed, without amend-
ment, a bill of the House of the following title:
A bill (H. R. No. 2996) to authorize the
Worthington National Bank of Cooperstown,
New York, to change its name and location.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted upon its amendments, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill of the House No.
1227, to authorize the construction of a bridge
across the Missouri river, agreed to the con-
ference asked upon the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Thayer, Mr. Pomeroy, and Mr. Harlan,
as the conferees on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested, of the fol-
lowing titles:
A bill (S. No. 6S3) authorizing mail steam-
ship service-in the Gulf of Mexico, between the
port of New Orleans, Louisiana, and certain
ports of the republic of Mexico ; and
A bill (S. No. 1068) for the relief of Nich-
olas P. Trist, negotiator of the treaty of Guad-
alupe Hidalgo.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STOKES. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for the
regular order. I do this not on my own ac-
count, because I do not intend to speak, but
that time may be given to those gentlemen
who do.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the House bill No. 2634, re-
ported from the Committee on the Judiciary.
The House made this a special order, to the
exclusion of all others, to come up to-day
immediately after the reading of the Journal,
and ordered that at four o'clock, without any
