1884
THE OQNGRESSIQMj GLOBE.
March 2,
the direction of one of the justices of the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia, to
assses the damages due to each of the com-
panies, which damages shall be paid by the
said District of Columbia, who are authorized
to levy a sufficient tax for that purpose, in the
following proportions: one tenth of the dam-
ages by The county of, and nine tenths by city
of Washington.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, l'ead
the third time, and passed.
OIIIO JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a bill (H. R.
No. 2920) to divide the State of Ohio into
three judicial districts, that has been read, and
all that my colleague and I ask is the vote of
the Senate on it. The yeas and nays have
been ordered, and I will ask that the roll be
called on the passage of this bill. All we
desire is to have a vote.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is it sub-
ject to objection ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. How can a single objec-
tion put it off?
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Because the
river and harbor bill is before the Senate.
EAST TISNNI5SSEIS UNIVERSITY.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
918. It is a short bill and will occasion no
debate.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 918)
for the relief of the East Tennessee University
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes the Treasurer of the United
States to pay to the president of the East Ten-
nessee University the sum of $25,000, in full
compensation for all claim which could be
made by that university for the occupation of
their buildings at ICnoxville, Tennessee, and for
all damages and injury caused to the build-
ings and the grounds adjacent, and to the im-
provements and personal property connected
therewith; but before the sum be paid a release
in full of all claims against the Government
of all rents and damages that might, or could
be claimed by the East Tennessee University
is to be executed in due form by the proper
officers of the university, and deposited with
the Treasurer along with the receipt for the
money appropriated.
Mr. NYE. What is that $25,000 for?
TheJICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada objects.
Mr. FOWLER. It is for damage done the
university. If, is reported from the Committee
oil Military Affairs, and there is a printed
report. I think the Senator will withdraw the
objection.
Mr. NYE. I did not object. I wanted to
know what that $25,000 is for.
Mr. FOWLER. There is a report from the
Military Committee.
Mr NYE. That does not tell me anything
about it now. The Senator can tell what it is
for.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheChairunder-
stands an inquiry to be in the nature of objec-
tion. If the Senator from Nevada does not
object'and no other Senator objects, the bill
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is it about?
Mr. POMEROY. I understand there is an
amendment which has not been read.
Mr. WILSON. There is an amendment
which has not been read.
The amendment of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs was to strike out aM after the
enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
, That the Treasurer of the United States be, and he
18 hereby, authorized and directed to pay to the
president of the JSast Tennessee University the sum
SIS,503, in full ooiupcnn.ilion for all claims which
'«uld bo made by said university for all damages
caused to its buildings atKnoxville, Tennessee: Pro-
vided, That before said sum shall be paid a release
in full of all claims against the Government for all
damages that*might or could be claimed by said East
Tennessee University on account of said buildings
shall be executed in due form by the proper officers
of said university, and deposited with the Treasurer
along with the receipt for the money hereby appro-
priated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time. The bill was read the third
time, and passed.
MISSISSIPPI NAVIGATION IMPROVEMENT.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the Senate to con-
sider House bill No. 2499. It is a very short
bill. I have had none passed at this session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota asks unanimous consent for the con-
sideration of the bill named by him.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
2499) to amend an act entitled "An act mak-
ing a grant of land to the State of Minnesota
to aid in the improvement of the navigation
of the Mississippi river," approved July 23,
1868, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that in the selection of
the lands granted by the act of July 23, 1868,
pine lands may be selected and sold without
reference to the conditions of selection and
sale in the act set forth, except that they shall
be situate in the State of Minnesota, and that
where double minimum land is selected each
acrc of such land shall count as two in the
satisfaction of the grant; and that the time
for the construction of the lock and dam shall
be extended three years. This act is not to be
construed to increase or in any wise enlarge
the grant of land heretofore made for the pur-
pose stated.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is not a grant of land;
it is to amend a grant.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Iowa
wants to amend that bill. Let it be laid aside
a few moments until he comes in. I told the
Senator from Iowa that I would see that he
had an opportunity to put in his amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
laid aside.
IRON-CLAD CONTRACTORS.
Mr. NYE. I wish to call up for consider-
ation Senate joint resolution No. 320, for the
relief of certain contractors for the construction
of vessels of war and steam machinery.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
is the river and harbor bill. Nothing else can
be entertained but by postponing it.
SLOOP-OF-WAR ONEIDA.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not desire to post-
pone it, but I wish to state what is the bill
which I wish to call up, and if any Senator
objects I shall not press it. It is a bill for the
recovery of damages for the loss of the sloop-
of-war Oneida.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
2906) for the recovery of damages for the loss
of the sloop-of-war Oneida was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Navy, after con-
sultation with the Attorney General, to take
such measures, and'institute and pursue to
final judgment or decree, such proceedings
at law, or otherwise, as may be needful to
obtain full damages and indemnification for the
destruction and loss of the sloop-of-war Oneida,
in the bay of Yeddo, Japan, in January, 1870,
and to employ such legal counsel in the United
States, or abroad, as he may find requisite 10
accomplish the purpose.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
GRADE OP MARYLAND AVENUE.
Mr. HARRIS. I have a bill here that has
passed the House. I am sure there will be no
objection to it. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to repoct it.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
2959) to regulate the grade of Maryland ave-
nue from the end of the Long bridge to Twelfth
street was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It authorizes the Baltimore and Poto-
mac Railroad Company, at the expense of the
company, to change the grade of Maryland
avenue so as to establish a descending grade of
one and seventy-five hundredths of a foot per
one hundred feet from the center of Twelfth
street south to the center o,f Thirteen-and-a-
half street south, and a descending grade of
one and thirty hundredths of a foot per one
hundred feet from the centcr of Thirteen-and-
a-half street south to the top of the abutment
of the Long bridge over the Potomac river, as
newly-constructed, the present grade at the
center of Twelfth street south to be reduced
two feet, and the level of the top of the new
abutment of the Long bridge not to be more
than nine feet above the height of the old abut-
ment. If any actual damage shall be sustained
by the owners of any property on Maryland
avenue, or on the streets connecting therewith,
by reason of such change of grade, the railroad
company shall pay such damages as shall be
sustained, to be recovered in any court of com-
petent jurisdiction in the District of Columbia.
The change of grade is to be made under the
supervision of the proper municipal authorities
of the city of Washington or of the District of
Columbia, and in the manner to be approved
by them.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TOE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 574)
to extend the time for the reversion to the Uni-
ted States of the lands granted by Congress to
the State of Michigan to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Pere Marquette to Flint, in
said State, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 3074) for removal
of disabilities of certain persons within named,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
JAMES J. HILES.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask consent to call up House
bill No. 2396, for the relief of James J. Hiles.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
2396) for the relief of James J. Hiles, late a
private in the third Missouri cavalry, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs that from any money appropriated for
the payment of bounties there shall be paid to
James J. Hiles the sum of $100, being extra
bounty due him as provided by the act of July
28, 1866, he having served the term of three
years and four days as a private in the third
Missouri cavalry, and been honorably dis-
charged therefrom.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CALIFORNIA PORTS OF DELIVERY.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask leave to call up
Senate bill No. 1327. It is a bill to which
there is no sort of objection.
Mr. COLE. It has been read.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No.
1327) to create ports of delivery at Eureka
and Wilmington, in California, and provide
for appointment of deputy collector of Val-
lejo, California, and to abolish the office of
surveyor of said port, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed,
Mr. CHANDLER. I demand the regular
order.
