1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to tlie cost paid for said documentsso that
the clause will read:
Fortho public printing,$655,996 50: Provided, That
so much of section ton of the act approved June 25,
1864, entitled "An act to expedite and regulate the
printing of public documents, and for other pur-
poses," as provides that.the Superintendent of Public
Printing, under certain conditions therein stated,
may furnish extra copies of any document to persons
applying therefor, be, and the same is hereby, so
amended that ten per cent, shall be added to thecost
paid for said documents.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Laflin's
motion, to strike out the proviso as amended;
and being put. it was disagreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the commit-
tee now rise.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will let
us go on till half past four o'clock. We have
not, got started yet.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is not a quoruta
present, and I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
2524) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1872, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Also, that the committee had had under con-
sideration the bill (H. II. No. 2G1G) making
an additional appropriation for the improve-
ment of the Louisville and Portland canal for
the fiscal year ending June 80, 1870, and had
directed him to report the same to the House
with an amendment.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
The SPEAKER stated that the question was
upon agreeing to the following amendment,
reported from the Committee of the Whole on
(he state of the Union, to House bill No. 2010,
making an additional appropriation for the
improvement of the Louisville and Portland
canal for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870 :
For completion of section work at the Des Moines
rapids, &3il,0(K).
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to amend the title of
the bill by adding thereto the words u and for
other purposes."
The amendment was agreed to.
IMMIGRATION CONVENTION.
Mr. FINKELNBURGr, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the memorial^ of the Indian-
apolis Immigration Convention; which was
referred fco the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed in the Globe.
The memorial is as follows :
To the honorable the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States in Congress assembled:
Your memorialists would respectfully represent
that a convention in the interest of immigration
was held at Indianapolis the 23d day of November,
1870, at which the undersigned were elected as a
committee to lay before your honorable body, the
views of the convention and ask for such legisla-
tion at your hands as will correct the evils of which
wo complain. We would state that the convention
which wo have the honor to represent consisted ot
tick gales from twenty-two States and one lerritory,
ami that it was composed, in a great measure, or men
HMn-esL-nting the different benevolent societies 01 the
country organized in the interest of this subject, and
>11en who, tor many years, have been familiar with
t lie i ouuirements incident to the care and transport-
ation of immigrants from .Europe to the United
In presenting to you the views of the convention
we would stato their belief that immigrants are fre-
Quently I'laeed in badly-ventilated ships, supplied
with insufficient food, and deprived of the necessary
means of securing personal cleanliness, and unpro-
vided with proper medical attendance; and even in
the better class of vessels, where proper sanitary reg-
ulations are enforced, the laws of the United States
are often violated by over-orowding t'hestcorage.
Your memorialists believe that like and even
greater evils exist in the inland transit of immi-
grants, and they would call especial attention to the
fact that by'Jar the greater number of immigrants
landing at our sea-ports pass almost immediately to
the western and southwestern States and Territories;
and that during this transit they are subjected to
many abuses which are detrimental to both their
health and comfort, such as being crowded into cars
insufficiently ventilated, without fire in winter or
•vvator in summer, and not affording sufficient facili-
ties for obtainingcheap and wholesome food; being
unnecessarily delayed at way-side stations, where
they lind no protection from the heat of summer or
coldof winter; being sent by circuitous rou tesin order
to accommodate favored railroad? and steamboat
companies; being enticed by di&honost runnels into
disreputable boarding-houses against their wishes
and interests; notbeingallowed to have their baggage
checked through, and thereby frequently losing the
same; being insulted and plundered by dcck-hands
and thieves on the river and lake steamers; and. in
fact, suffering everything that men, women, and
children can suffer, who, ignorant of our laws and
language, are unable to protect themselves, and do
not receive proper protection irom the Government.
The annual report of the commissioners ot emi-
gration of the State of Now York for the year ending
December 8. 1869, fully confirms, in the minds of
your memorialists, the belief that it has become the
imperative duty of the national Government to carry
out the humanitarian designs of the convention wo
represent as expressed in the resolutions accom-
panying this memorial.
They would also call attention to the annoyances
and hardships imposed upon immigrants by the
action ot custom-house inspectors. It has been
alleged that the property of immigrants is often
seized on slight pretext, and either confiscated or
detained so long as to subject the owner to great
expense and loss of time in securing its release. As
the present inspectors speak only English, conti-
nental immigrants find great difficulty in ascertain-
ing what ai tides are dutiable and for what amount.
Your memorialist are convinced that if anational
bureau of immigration, for useful and practical in-
formation to the immigrants, and a board of commis-
sioners could be established, it would secure to the
imiuigiants the caie and protection of the General
Government from the time they land upon ourshores
until they reach their destination in such portion of
tiie United States as they may have selected for
future homes.
We believe that this can be best accomplished by
placing the control of this matter in the hands of
honest and eUicieuf" Federal agents, whose duty shall
be to direct and guide the immigrants whiloin tran-
sit, as well as to interpose in their behalf whenever
they may suffer wrong or require assistance, and we
believe that the labors of such officers would bo
greatly facilitated by secuiing the cooperation of
men who may be selected by the different State and
territorial governments, especially from the exist-
ing emigrant societies, to look after the interests of
the immigrants seeking their respective localities,
men who should be chosen for their integrity, intel-
ligence, and humanity, and who would bo ready at
all times to aid the Government bureaus with their
counsel and influence.
We would furthermost earnestly recommend that,
in tho framing of such a law as has been here indi-
cated, a provision, in substance as follows, should be
incorporated therein, namely:
"That no person shall be qualified to fill any office
under such law who shall be directly or indirectly
interested in any corporation or company having
lands for sale to immigrants, or in the carrying or
transportation of immigrants, either from foreign
countries to tho United States and its Territories, or
within the same, or who shall receive any fee or
reward, or the promise thereof, for any services
performed or any benefit rendered to any person or
persons, in the line of his duty under such act. And
that any officer who shall violate such provision
shall, upon conviction, be punished by both fine and
imprisonment, and forever after be ineligible to hold
any office of honor, trust, or profit of the United
States."
The convention has also instructed your memo-
rialists to call the attention of your honorable body
to the custom of imposing an indhect tax upon im-
migrants, which prevails at tho pert of New York
and other ports of the United States.
Your memorialists believe this to be wrong jn
principle, at variance with all ideas of sound polit-
ical economy, and contrary to the spirit of our insti-
tutions. If any seaport orany State of the United
States has the right to impose a capitation fax of
$2 59 upon every immigrant landed, they have the
same rightto require the payment of $2 50 per head
or to make the tax so heavy as to become prohib-
itory altogether. Or if New York or California pos-
sess the rightto impose a tax, either direct or indirect,
upon immigrants landing within their respective
jurisdictions or passing through their domain, Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, and every other Stato certainly
possesses the same right, and, should they each see
proper to exercise it, the immigrants would be
practically debarred from the privilege of seeking
homes in the farther West.
The deep interest which the people of the whole
country manifest in these matters wc have endeav-
ored to present leads your memorialists to hope that
your honorable body will take sucli action as in your
wisdoul may be deemed necessary to' correct th"se
abuses, to which your attention is called by1 tbeime-
inorial of the undersigned, and by the report adopted
with almost entire unanimity by the convention w-e
represent. . - -
FRANCIS DOWNS, Arkansas.
JAMES S. FOSTER, Dakota. •-
HENRY GR15ENEBAUM, Illinois.
J0IIN S. NEWMAN, Indiana.
M. J, BOHLFS. Jowa.
M. W. REYNOLDS, Kansas.
H. A.-MARSH, Massachusetts.
RICHARD R. ELLIOTT, Michiaan.
H.1MATTS0N. Minnesota.
C. D. LANDON. Mississippi, ' ■
DAN. O'MADIGAN, Missouri.
J. JJ. NOTEWARE, Nebraska.
CHARLES REAMLIN, Ohio.
J.DISTURNELL, New York.
M. R. MUCKLE. Pennsylvania.
C. J. COWLES, No7-th Carolina.
A. T. SHAW. Tennessee,
II. 3). COOKE, Washington city, JP. C. -
WILLIAM K. SMITH, Wisconsin.
j. 13. WALKER. West Virginia.
ED. M. McCOOK, Colorado.
APPORTIONMENT IN WYOMING.
Mr. NUCKOLLS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2G91) for an act
repealing an act of the Legislature of Wyoming
Territory, apportioning the said Territory for
members of the council and house of repre-
sentatives of the territorial Legislature; which
was read a first and second time, referred to-
the Committee on the Territories, and ordere'd
to be printed.
MINT LAWS. ■
On motion of Mr. KELLBY, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 859) revising the laws
relative to the mints, assay offices, and coinage
of the United States was taken from the Speak-
er's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Coinage, Weights,
and Measures.
FOllT GRATIOT RESERVATION.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2692) to authorize
the sale of a part of the Fort Gratiot light-
house reservation in the State of Michigan ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
MARINE HOSPITAL DDES.
Mr. CONGER also, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Commerce
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 449) to exempt
certain boats from the payment of marine
hospital dues, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and recommitted to the Committee
on Commerce.
LIGIIT-IIOUSK BOARD.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent to have printed a bill introduced by me
a few days ago, and referred by the House to
the Committee on Commerce.
No objection was made; and accordingly the
bill (H. It. No. 2018) to extend the jurisdiction
of the Light-House Board was ordered to be
printed.
HOMESTEAD ENTRIES.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent,, re-
ported from the Committee on the Public Lands
a bill (H. R. No. 2693) in relation to entries
under tho homestead laws by parties who served
in the Army or Navy of the United States for
ninety days during the rebellion; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
IMPORTATION* OF DISEASED CATTLE.
Mr. REEVES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted tho following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Itesolved, That in view of tho prevalence of infec-
tion and fatal disease atnongcattle in portions of tho
States of New York and Massachusetts, believer! to
have been introduced from Canada," the Committee
on Agriculture bo directed to inquire whether any,
and, if any. what, legislation is reauired to snore
effectually prevent or restrict the introduction and
distribution of diseased cattle into and through the
several States and Territories.
