1274
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
should seek to secure the purity of the ballot-
box, while the other party should resist every
effort that is made to accomplish that result.
This bill proposes a remedy in certain in-
stances, in the shape of two officials whose
duty it shall be to superintend the ballot-box,
one of each political party, and to see that
there is an hdnest and free and fair hallot j so
that, in the language of the President of the
United States, "every man who is entitled to
vote shall have the opportunity to vote just
once in every election;": All the rest is mere
machinery, to carry into effect this leading
proposition. .
It has been assailed very vehemently on the
ground that in a certain contingency the mili-
tary force can be called in. That contingency
will be found in the twelfth section of this bill,
which provides that where the marshal or his
deputies shall be resisted, or shall be met with
menaces, threats, and such violence as they
cannot deal with, they may call upon the by-
standers, the posse comitatus, for their assist-
ance, or they may invoke the aid of the naval
or the military power in the neighborhood.
In other words, they can call upon these arms
of the Government to assist and strengthen
the civil power in executing the laws. This
feature of the bill has been animadverted upon
very severely by gentlemen upon the other
side.
Sir, this is not the first time when this sub-
ject of employing the military to preserve the
peace and quiet of elections has been discussed
in this House. One of the prominent topics
that was under consideration in-the first ses-
sion I had the honor to serve here was a bill
providing for holding elections in -the city of
Washington. In June, 1856, an election for
city officers had been held here, at which the
marines had been brought in by the authority
of the Government; and the Government then,
mark you, was not in the hands of the Repub-
licans, but in the hands of the party supported
by gentlemen on the other side. This arm of
power was interposed for the purpose of secur-
ing and preserving the purity of the elections.
I will ask the Clerk to read from the Globe
a statement of the facts as they were presented
to the House by Hon. Henry Winter Davis,
who was at that time a .Representative from
the State of Maryland.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The election of last June would not have been
stainedbyinnocentblood; theAdministration would
not then have had a pretext tor ordering out the
United States marines at an election in the city of
Washington, and crime would not have been com-
mitted, the equal of which has not been perpetrated
since that dark and bloody day of 1770, when, in the
streets of Boston, the British squadron shot down
peaceable citizens, whose blood was the seed of the
Revolution. Theory of blood unavenged would not
have gone up from the streets of the city of Wash-
ington not merely unavenged; but whose authors, to
the deep disgrace of those charged with seeing that
the laws are faithfully executed, have never been, to
this day, put upon their trial oven, still les5* punished.
The confidence of the people in their freedom from
military violence would not have been shaken by the
awful sight of fourteen men shot dead and twenty
more wounded in the streets of the national capi-
tal; men in the uniform and with the arms of the
United States with impunity firiDg into a peaceful
crowd of spectators at a peaceful election precinct:
a fire made without warning, without any proclama-
tion, without any order to disperse—ay, sir, and worse
than that, without any reason to justify it. Sir, gen-
tlemen of the first position and standing in Wash-
ington were there and can testify to it. A dishonest
press has attempted, for the benefit of a political
party, to cover over the iniquities of that day; and
they have.-inthe opinion of the country, succeeded.
I desire here now to lift my voice, if it be not yet
too late, to wake the feeling of the American people
to the deep iniquity which was then committed."
Mr. MAYNARD. To that statement a
reply was made by Hon. Henry C. Burnett,
then a Representative from the State of Ken-
tucky, speaking in defense of the Administra-
tion and as the representative and exponent
of his party. I will thank the Clerk to read
an extract from what Mr. Burnett said.
The Clerk read as follows:
"A word more, sir, in regard to the press, which
the gentleman pronounces venal and corrupt. The
press of Washington, including the National Intelli-
gencer, the historical acouracy of whose statements
no one will gainsay, indorsed the action of the Admin-
istration and published to the country a justification
of it in calling out the marines. I appeal to the
House if the truth of the statements published by
these papers, without respect to party,and indorsed
by1 the finding of the grand jury, with all the facts
before them, can be overcome by the mere denun-
ciation of them by the gentleman from Maryland.
I ask the Representatives of the people how it is
possible to preserve order in this Jfederal city; how
is it possible to protect citizens here on a day like
that which occurred at the last election, when a gang
of rowdies from the neighboring cities came here,
driving resident citizens from the polls, and not only
driving them from the polls, butshooting them down;
and that, too, when they were around the ballot-
boxes exercising the right conferred upon them by
the laws of their country V'
Mr. MAYNARD. It will be observed that
in this debate, which occurred in the Thirty-
Fifth Congress, no question was made as to
the propriety of calling upon the military
power of the Government to assist in preserv-
ing order and securing the rights of the citizens
at the ballot-box. This was conceded on all
hands. It was insisted on the one side that
there was no proper occasion to justify the
exercisc of the power in that instance, and
that it was exercised without sufficient pru-
dence and due precaution. On the other hand,
the exercise of the power in the harsh, severe,
and unannounced method indicated in the
statement which has been read was vindicated
by the Democrats on this floor.
Why, sir, what is the object of the military
power of this Government in time of peace
except, subject to the civil authority, to make
the power of the Government respected and
feared by the rowdies, outlaws, assassins, and
similar characters, who are too strong to be
held in check by the ordinary means of exe-
cuting the laws?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CHURCHILL. Mr. Speaker, the Gov-
ernment of the United States was founded
upon a principle which, although not new in
theory to the speculators upon political rights,
was certainly new in practice, the principle that
government depends upon the will of the gov-
erned; in other words, that the will of the
majority of the people of any State, when that
will can be ascertained, is the proper law of
th.e country. The whole value, the whole moral
force of this principle depends, however, upon
the question whether or not, after the election
shall be held, the people believe that the result
of the election, as declared by the authorities
who preside over it, expresses truly the wishes
of the majority of the people. We have for
eighty years submitted quietly to the result of
elections on the assumption that this principle
has been faithfully observed. Elections have
been held for the highest and the lowest officers
in the State, and whoever has been declared
elected has been obeyed as the rightful officer.
But, Mr. Speaker, for some years past grave
doubts have prevailed in different portions of
this country as to whether the declared results
of elections have truly expressed the will of
the people. With regard to officers of States
and officers of minor communities this doubt,
so far as it exists, is left to be determined, as
it can only be determined, by the laws existing
in those States or communities. But so far as
regards members of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, although the first legislation in
regard to the matter is intrusted by the Con-
stitution of the United States to the States
themselves, the power is properly reserved to
Congress itself to determine by what rules
these elections shall be conducted; and if, in
regard to elections held under State laws for
national officers, this doubt exists, if in this
way the principle of representative govern-
ment is threatened, then the power is by the
Constitution reserved to Congress to determine
the manner in which elections shall be held,
and thereby to insure that the result, when
declared, shall be the^real will of the majority
of the people.
Mr. Speaker, the bill before the House is
intended to do nothing more than to remove
the doubts which have arisen as to whether the
declared results of elections held in different
parts of the country represent truly the will of
the majority of the people.
Mr. WOOD. Just here I would like to ask
my colleague one question. Has any doubt
been expressed by either of the political par-
ties as to the entire integrity and honesty of
the late election in our State ? Is it not admit-
ted by the leaders of the Republican party in
that State that the election was entirely fair?
This being so, how can there be any justifica-
tion for the passage of this bill at the present
time?
Mr. CHURCHILL. Mr. Speaker, in answer
to the question of my colleague, I will say that
under the provisions of the laws which this act
is intended to amend and extend we had in
the State of New York and in its doubtful dis-
tricts last fail a fairer election thau we have
had for years.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in order to show the
occasion for this measure, I will send to the
Clerk's desk to be read the report of a com-
mittee of elections in our own State of New
York, upon an election in the city of New
York, where two Democr&ts were contesting
the right to a seat in the Assembly, and where
there was an opportunity to learn the fraud-
ulent means for carrying elections which could
not be had under other circumstances} and
a3 at the election at which this case arose
members of Congress were elected as well as
members of the Assembly, it will be seen that
the frauds which deprived a member of the
Assembly of his seat also affected the right
to seats upon this floor.
The Clerk read as follows:
The evidence of illegal voting by repeaters in
this assembly district at the last general election is
overwhelming. It is conclusively shown, by the
testimony of numerous witnesses examined by your
committee, that gangs of these repeaters, on the day
of election, were traveling from polling-place to poll-
ing-place, and many of them are proved to have
voted.4 These repeaters are shown to nave come from
adjoining districts in gangs of twenty-five or thirty,
prepared with lists of names and residences, furnished
by their leaders, on which to vote, and are shown to
have voted from one to eight times each in this district.
At one polling-place thirteen of these, identified by
a Republican challenger as residing in a distant part
of the city, were allowed to vote unchallenged for
fear of 'personal violence. Twenty-three of these
repeaters appeared before the committee and testi-
fied to the casting by them of eighty-two ballots, in
the aggregate, for the sitting member.
The tact that there are seventeen polling-places in
this district will give some idea of the facilities
afforded for the operations of repeaters, some of
whom swear that they voted three times each at the
same polling-place.
One witness testified that he saw twenty-five or
thirty of them start out to vote from one house, and
saw their lists of over two hundred names and resi-
dences, from which they voted; saw them when they
returned, and heard them state the places they had
voted in the sixteenth ward.
# A capta'n of the police, Jwhosc precinct is in the
sixteenth ward, testified that the Nineteenth street
gang were many of them personally known to him;
that they were professional thieves, burglars, pick-
pockets, and highway robbers; that they were re-
peaters acting in the interest of the Democratic
party at elections. It is shown that they were em-
ployed by and used their influence in favor of the
straight Democratic ticket."
The fact that the civil magistrates of the city of
New York are elected by the dominant party, that
this practice of repeating by these violent chaiac-
ters has been reduced to a system, and that it is a
crime winked at by those whose business it is to
arrest it, beeomesat this time a matter ot the gravest
concern to the people of this State. Several of these
repeaters appeared a second time betore your com-
mittee, retractiu? their former testimony, and stated
that they did^ so under the threat of a prominent
official that in case they retused to retract they
would be sent to the State prison.
The leader of this gang of repeaters, after testifying
on the part of the contestant, was arrested at the
instance of the partisans nnd tnends of the incumbent
and incarcerated in the Tombs, lie was subsequently
produced ns a witness for the incumbent undertho
custody of officers from the Tombs, and reiterated
his former testimony, and was dif>missed to thecus-
tody ot the officers; was recalled after the lapse of
Mew minutes by the incumbent, and testified that
the other repeaters were bribed by him to swear
falsely in favor of the contestant, but still asserting
the truth ot his first testimony as before. Again he
was recalled by the incumbent, but, it being appa-
rent to your committee that improper influences
were being resorted to, they declined to have him
testify further. This witness and leader of these
repeaters was subsequently released on bail given
by some person unknown to the committee.
