1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1275
Kridence precisely similar to the above was given
by others of the gang, all protesting that they re-
tracted through fear. The manner in which these
retractions were made forces the conclusion that
there is a political power in thecity of New York of
sufficient strength and influence to grant immunity
from punishment of offenses of this class.
Mr. POTTER. My colleague yields to me
for a question. He has just stated that under
the act passed at the last session, the oper-
ation of which this bill is intended to enlarge
and extend, we bad a more honest election in
the State of New York than we ever had
before. Now I desire to ask my colleague, if
that be so, what is the purpose of enlarging
and extending the operation of the act of the
last session, and whether it be not, under the
pretense of securing an honestelection, to put
obstacles in the way of a fair and full vote?
Mr. CHURCHILL. I will answer the ques-
tion of my colleague. The object of this bill
is simply to perfect the bill of last summer
and to make it more likely to accomplish the
real object which was desired and intended to
be accomplished by it; and that is, that while
it shall exclude no honest man from the polls
and hinder no honest man in his effort to vote,
it shall prevent the repetition of such acts and
many other acts of offense against the elective
franchise as have been detailed. And I will
say further that the necessity of these amend-
ments for the proper working of these laws
has been affirmed by the leading officers of the
United States in the city of New York.
Mr. COX. I would ask the gentleman 
Mr. CHURCHILL. My time is limited, and
I decline to be interrupted.
Mr. COX. I only wished to know the
authority the gentleman was quoting from.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I quoted from the re-
port of the committee of privileges and elec-
tions of the Assembly of the State of New
York, a report made to that Assembly in the
winter of 1869, accompanied by testimony
fully establishing all that has been read.
Mr. COX. i got the impression that it
referred to last year.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I desire now to call
attention to the features of this bill to show
that there is nothing in it, so far as the prin-
ciple is concerned, which has not already been
fully considered both in the House and Sen-
ate, and, after such consideration, adopted as
the sense of the two Houses of Congress. The
first section of this bill, Mr. Speaker, is in-
tended as a substitute for the twentieth section
of the act of May 31, 1870, entitled "An act to
enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of this
Union, and for other purposes," and simply
adds to the misdemeanors which were created
by that section. It makes it a misdemeanor
knowingly to register a person not entitled to
registration and knowingly to exclude/rom
registration a person entitled to registration.
Mr. Speaker, I do not believe that there is
a gentleman upon either side of this House
■who will hesitate for one moment to declare
that for an officer of registration to exclude
from registration a person he knows is enti-
tled to be registered, or to permit to be regis-
tered a person he knows is not entitled to be
registered, is a crime, a crime against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, a crime against
that principle which lies at the very foundation
of oar representative institutions. That is the
first section, Mr. Speaker.
The sections which follow, from two to sevent
are intended to make more precise the duties
and the rights of supervisors of elections, offi-
cers who are authorized to be appointed by the
fifth section of the act passed on the 14th July,
1870, entitled "An act to amend the natural-
ization laws and to puuish crimes against the
same." And they do nothing further than
simply to define the powers, the rights, and
the duties of these officers, in order that they
may not only understand themselves what their
rights are, but also in order that whoever may
desire to interfere wi'h them in the perform-
ance of their duties may also know what the
rights of these officers are under the laws of
the United States.
The sections which follow, eight and nine,
are in lieu of section six of the same act to
which I last referred, authorizing the appoint-
ment of deputy marshals to attend elections
in places where it was believed and certified
that their attendance might be necessary; to
attend those elections for the purpose of pro-
tecting the supervisors of elections in the per-
formance of their duties. And they are required
to be members of different political parties, so
that they may act each as a check upon the
other, and that they may secure, as far as
possible, by their joint action, this result; that
when the election shall be closed and its result
declared that declaration shall state truly what
the will of the majority of the people voting
at that election was.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a remark?
Mr. CHURCHILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLDR1DGE. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman to the fact that he is
mistaken in regard to the terms which are
used as to these supervisors. It is not required
that they shall be of different political par-
ties. It is required simply that they shall be
of different politics.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Well, Mr. Speaker,
my, friend, who is very keen, perhaps sees a
distinction. 1 admit that I am unable to see
it. In this country a man's politics determine
his party, so far as I am aware. A man who
is Democratic in his politics is very certain to
be Democratic in his party affiliations.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Let me correct the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin. If he will refer to
page 4 of the bill he will see that it provides
that there shall be appointed commissioners
who shall be of different political parties.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. That is not so in the
bill I have before me.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I accept the correction
of my friend from Ohio, although I insist that
even if the language were precisely as stated
by the gentleman from Wisconsin, still the
result of it would have been the same.
The tenth section of this bill makes ita mis-
demeanor that there shall be any improper
interference with these supervisors of elections
and marshals in the performance of their
duties. If it be true that the office which is to
be conferred upon these parties is an import-
ant one, and one essential to the safety of the
Government and its continuance, then cer-
tainly it is a crime to interfere with them, and
this declaration, that such interference shall
be a misdemeanor, is proper.
The twelfth section provides that in case of
forcible resistance to the attendance of these
parties upon their duties, then the military and
naval authority of the United States may be
employed for the purpose of preserving the
peace.
The thirteenth section creates, it is true, a
new officer; to wit, chief supervisors of election,
who are to be appointed in each judicial dis-
trict where it is believed that the necessity for
officers of this kind may exist, and whose duty
it is to recommend to the circuit judge proper
persons to act as supervisors of election, to
assist the supervisors, to acquaint them with
their duties, to furnish them the blanks which
may be necessary in the performance of their
duties, and to assist generally in carrying this
law into effect.
Now, 1 do not care to take up any more of
the time of the House in the discussion of this
bill. As I have stated, the whole principle
of the bill has beeu fully discussed in both
branches of Congress and has been accepted
by the House, and accepted, I believe, by the
sentiment of a great majority of the American
people. I yield ten minutes to the gentleman
from Ohio. [Mr. Lawrence.}
Mr. LAWRENCE. 1 will occupy the atten-
tion of the House but a very few moments
while I present what I have to say upon this
bill. The single question for decision is this:
shall the citizens of the United States, in the
exercise of the elective franchise for the elec-
tion of Representatives in Congress, be pro-
tected against force and fraud by national law ?
That is the question. Now, sir, if there is any
one thing essential to republican government
it is that it should rest upon the free will of
the people who are to be governed. Mr.
Webster, in regard to the right of suffrage, lays
down two great principles of the American
system : first, the right of suffrage should be
guarded, protected, and secured against force
and against fraud; and second, its exercise
should be prescribed by previous law. I need
not at this day and in this House prououuee
any eulogy upon the elective franchise. It is
that power by which the people speak their
will through their representatives. It is the
power which makes and unmakes laws, and
makes and unmakes officers. Republican gov-
ernment may_ be of but little value unless the
elective franchise can be free, untrammeled,
and protected against force and fraud. This,
sir, is the object which this bill has in view.
I do not say that every provision in it is as
I could desire, but in its general purpose it is
so essentially necessary-and proper that 1 shall
give it my vote; and if the future shall dis-
close errors or defects they can be remedied
in the light of experience. It may be that
section twelve of this bill could be properly
modified somewhat.
In a report which 'I had the honor to make
to this House on the 23d of February, 1869,
I gave my views fully on the whole subject of
legislation to preserve the purity of elections,
and most of the measures there recommended
have received the approval of Congress.
Essential provisions of the act of May 31,
1870, which it is now proposed to amend, are
taken substantially from that report, and the
first section of the bill now before us is taken
from the same source. I do not deem it neces-
sary, therefore, now to enter at large into a
discussion of the various questions involved
in this bill.
Now, sir, there are two questions to be con-
sidered, I take it, and they are simply, first, as
to the necessity of this bill, and secondly as
to the constitutional power to enact it.
A few words as to its necessity. I suppose no
member upon his floor will pretend to deuy for
one moment that in every age and in every coun-
try where there have been popular elections
there have also be.en frauds and violence, and
it has been found necessary to guard against
both by law. From the earliest period in Eng-
lish history Parliament has enacted laws for
the protection of the exercise of the elective
franchise. One of the provisions of the bill
which was enacted by this Congress, and which
this bill proposes to amend, was taken from
section eighty-three of the statutes of sixth
Victoria, chapter eighteen. The English stat-
ute-books are full of laws designed to prevent
bribery, fraud, and violence, and to preserve
the purity of the franchise. Sir, in every
State of this Union it has been found neces-
sary to enact laws to protect the ballot, to pre-
serve the purity of elections, and this fact
shows there is a necessity for legislation upon
the subject.
Sir, we all know that Kuklux outrages have
been committed, not only in North Carolina,
where it was recently necessary to call out a
military force to protect the people at the elec-
tions, but in other States of the South; and
that in more than one city of this Union enorm-
ous frauds have been perpetrated upon the
ballot-box. I regret that in the discussion
of a grave question like this, one that under-
lies our republican system, there should be
manifested any party spirit or party feeling.
I submit that we ought to come up in a spirit
of patriotism and all agree to the enactment
of whatever laws may be necessary to secure
a free and untrammeled ballot.
