1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1*887.
down this appropriation it ought really to be
about doubled.
Mr. HOWELL. Certainly it should be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce, reducing the appropriation for the Des
Moines raDids from $275,000 to $200,000.
Mr. HO WELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas28, nays 19 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Bayard, Boreman, Buck-
ingham. Casserly, Chandler, Cole.Conkling, Corbett,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Howard, Johnston, Lewis, McCreery, McDonald,
Miller, Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Robertson, Ross. Saw-
yer. Scott, Speneor. Stockton, and Vickers—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Cameron, Davis. Flanagan,
Powler. IIarla.n, Harris, Howe, Howell, Nye. Pom-
eroy, Ramsey, llice, Sherman, Stearns, Stewart,
Tipton, Warner, and Wilson—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott. Anthony, Brownlow,
Carpenter. Catrell, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Jb'erry,
Hamlin, Hill, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Patterson, Revels, Saulsbury,
Scburz. Sprague. Sumner, Thayer, Thurman, Trum-
bull, Willey, Williams, and Yates—27.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWELL. I give notice that I wish
to have this amendment reserved, so that
we may have another vote upon it in a full
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa reserves this amendment when the
bill shall be reported to the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. While we are on this sub-
ject I wish to call attention to a fact alluded
to in debate, that the appropriation made last
January has been exhausted, and I desire to
have this clause amended so as to enable the
engineers to apply this small appropriation
during the current year, if it should become
necessary.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am perfectly willing
to make that applicable to the whole bill after
we get through with the amendments of the
committee, if the Senator will offer it, as the
other works are in the same situation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ments of the Committee on Commerce have
priority unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well; 1 will not offer
it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
gives notice of the amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask permission to make
a report from the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 2524) mak-
ing appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1872.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive the report.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SAWYER submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill(H.it. No. 2524) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending June
30.1872, having met, after full and free conference
have been unable to agi ee.
FREDERICK A. SAWYER,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
JOIIN W. JOHNSTON,
Managers on ike part of the Senate.
H. L. DAWES.
W. S. IIOLMAN,
S. S. BURBETT,
Managers ontlce put t of the House.
Mr. SAWYER. The committee recommend
that the Senate insist on its amendments dis-
agreed to by the House and ask for another
conference. Unless this is done at an early
hour the bill will be likely to fail, and it is
desirable that it should be done as soon as
possible.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina, from the second committee of
conference appointed on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial appropriation bill, reports
that the conferees are unable to agree, and
moves that the Senate insist still farther on its
amendments, and ask for another conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that is ordered I
should like to make an inquiry. 1 see it stated
in the newspapers, and I ask the Senator from
South Carolina if it is so, that the trouble is
on the various amendments raising salaries and
appropriating for a State Department building.
If so, I think the Senate ought at once to
recede ; and, if it is in order, I will make that
motion. I ask the Senator if the cause of dis;
agreement is the amendment increasing sala-
ries, and also the amendment providing for a
State Department.
Mr. SAWYER. I will state that there are
several subjects upon which the committees
have been unable to agree. One was upon
the increase of the salaries of judges of the
several courts, the district courts, the circuit
courts, the supreme court of the District of
Columbia, and the Court of Claims. Another
subject upon which they were unable to agree
was that of the park in this city. The third
was that of the purchase of the two squares
east of the Capitol; and the fourth was upon
the increase of the salaries of the heads of
bureaus. At this moment I do not remember
any other subject upon which there was any
difficulty; but upon those subjects both the
committees of conference on the part of the
Senate have found that it was utterly impos-
sible to agree with the committees of the
House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am in favor of reced-
ing from all those amendments, because I
think all of them are misplaced; but I will
not press a motion to recede now, as another
committee of conference may have better luck.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to ask the
Senator from South Carolina one question. I
understand that there is entire concurrence
between the committees of conference in
regard to the salaries of the judges of the
Supreme Court?
Mr. SAWYER. That was not an issue at
all, because the proposition to raise their sal-
aries came to us in the bill from the House
and was agreed to by the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from South Car-
olina, that the Senate still further insist on its
amendments disagreed to by the House, and
ask a further conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. How shall the
conferees be appointed?
Mr. SAWYER. By the Chair.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Edmunds, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Davis.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WARNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1373) to provide a board of commis-
sioners for the examination of southern war
claims; which was read twice by its title,
ferred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
RIVER. AND HARBOR BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H, R.
No. 3036) for the repair, preservation^ and
completion of certain public works on rivers
and harbors, and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading of the bill.
The next amendment, of the Committee on
Commerce was on page 7, line one hundred
and forty, to reduce the appropriation "for
improvement of the falls of the Ohio river and
Louisville canal" from $250,000 to $200,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 8, line one
hundred and sixty-three, to reduce the appro-
priation "for improvement for the East river,
New York, including Hell Gate," from $250,-
000 to $200,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 10, after
line two hundred and nine, to insert "For
improvement of harbor at Cambridge, Mary-
land, $10,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amend-
ment for the improvement of the harbor at
Cambridge, Maryland, is inserted in the printed
bill among the appropriations for the State of
Maine. If the chairman does not object, it
will be transferred to come in under line one
hundred and forty-four where there are other
appropriations for Maryland.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
transferred.
Mr. WARNER. I move to amend the bill
in lino two hundred and twenty-eight bystrik-
ing out "fifty " and inserting "one hundred
so as to make the appropriation for Mobile har-
bor $100,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. All amendments
are reserved until after the amendments of the
Committee on Commerce are disposed of.
The next amendment was to insert after line
two hundred and thirty-one " For improve-
ment of the harbor at Duluth, Minnesota,
$60,000."
Tbe amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
two hundred and thirty-three " For improve-
ment of the Willamette river, above Oregon
City, Oregon, $16,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add as an addi-
tional section the following:
Sec. 5. Thattbeunexpendedbalancesof appropri-
ations made by the act approved July 11,1870, enti-
tled "An act making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain public works
in rivers and harbors, and for other purposes." for
the fiscal year ending June 30,1871, are hereby reap-
propriated for the purposes therein specified.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question,
and declared that the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to have that
amendment read again, so that the Senate
may understand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
demand a division, and it will then be open to
debate. By the sound the ayes have it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I ask for a division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be again
reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. The calculations of the
War Department are based upon these unex-
pended balances. There may be a few thou-
sand dollars left over, and they calculate the
next year's appropriations, including those
balances; and this is an exceptional case to
all others. I hope the Senator will not raise
the question upon this case, for it is an excep-
tional case.
Mr. SHERMAN. My honorable friend from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] was rather pluming
himself to-day that the Republican party had
accomplished one great reform, by cutting off
the transfer of appropriations, and the using
of unexpended balances to cover all sorts ot
future expenditures. That was done only one
year ago ; and I am surprised that my friend
from Michigan should seek to tear out that
plume so soon.
There is no more difficulty in this question
in regard to public improvements than in
regard to anyother appropriations. I remem-
ber that after we passed the section at the heel
of the last session carrying unexpended bal-
ances to the general fund, as soon as we got
away and the accountingofficersaud the various
departmental clerks and heads of bureaus found
out that this had been done they threatened
to call us together in extra session, and I saw
published throughout the United States state-
ments that Congress, by its blunders, had upset
