1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
449
being referred to the Committee on Manufac-
tures. 1 still hope lie will give that consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first motion
to refer will be first put, by the usage of the
Senate. The question is on referring the bill
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SCOTT. I have no other desire than
that this bill shall be thoroughly considered in
q,ny committee to which it is referred. I can
only infer, from the fact that my friend from
New York desires that it shall go to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures, that some question is
to be made with regard to this bill. I do not
wish now to enter into any consideration of its
provisions. As it was before the Committee
on Manufactures of the House of Representa-
tives, and considered there, and as the bill
itself provides not only for an exposition of
manufactures, but of arts, agricultural pro-
ducts, and, indeed, a great variety of subjects,
I did not know but that it might be as well to
have it take some other direction in the Sen-
ate than that which it had in the House. I
have no desire, however, to interfere with any
appropriale reference; and the subject of
the bill being announced to the Senate, and
having made this motion after a conference with
others in the Senate on the subject, I shall
leave it to the decision of the Senate, and
have no feeling oil the subject of which com-
mittee it shall go to.
Mr. FENTON. Perhaps it would not be
proper at this time to state the reasons that
suggested to me the propriety of the reference
of a bill to the Committee on Manufactures,
except one that will of course be understood
by Senators on its mere statement, namely,
that this seems from the nature of the subject
involved in the bill to be the more proper ref-
erence. I may say, however, that I desire, as
I have no doubt my colleague will also, to
appear before the committee and present some
considerations relating to the place as well as
the subject involved in the bill—the place at
which this bill directs that this " world's fair,
or industrial exhibition," shall be held. I liave
no particular desire in the matter, and yet I
hope the Senate will refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures. If my fiiend will
not give way for that motion I must move to
amend his motion in that respect.
Mr. SCOTT. I suggest to mv friend from
New York that as the purpose of his motion is
now disclosed, and it seems to present a ques-
tion as to the claims of other places for the
exposition, he had better have it referred to
the Committee on Claims. [Laughter.]
Mr. FENTON. No, sir ; I think the Com-
mittee on Manufactures would be the proper
reference for the bill, and I suggest it.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The bill provid-
ing for the centennial anniversary of inde-
pendence at Philadelphia, by an international
exhibition, being before the Senate, the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania moves its reference to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the
Senator from New York to the Committee on
Manufactures. The first motion will be first
put, and the question is on referring the bill to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 am surprised that there
should be any objection to this little affair
going to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
I think that committee is very appropriate, for
the reason that it is composed of gentlemen
from all parts of the country, who can have no
local lnteiest in this matter of any account.
Thpy would certainly act upon the case with-
out prejudice, and I am sure will be glad to
do so.
Mr. CONKLING. We know over here, of
course, that the Senator is now doing some-
thing for the State of Pennsylvania, but we
cannot hear what it is.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I think my
very good friend from New York would not
give me that portion of his respect which I
believe I now have it I did not do all that I
could for Pennsylvania. But in this case Penn-
41st contr. 3d S-Ess.—No. 29.
sylvania is no beggar. She is not, like New
York, grabbing at everything that is offered
and trying to pick up that which is not offered
to her. There is hardly an office, no matter
how small, that is not given to New York if
the New York Senators can get it given there.
There is no part of the country in which they
quarrel so much about the gifts of the General
Government, and who shall get them, as they
do in New York.
There are many reasons why Philadelphia
should, be selected as the place for the holding
of this great exposition; historical recollec-
tions, recollections which appeal to the sym-
pathies and the generous sentiments of every
American. But, sir, I do not wish to discuss
that subject now. I am only surprised that
anyobjection should be made to the motion of
my colleague. If the motion had been made
by the Senator from New York originally that
this resolution should be referred to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures, I should notkave said
a word against it ; I should notkave suspected
that anybody was going to give any improper
ection on this subject, and I am sure that the
Senator from New York who made the motion
[Mr. Fextox] had no improper motive in
making it; but somehow everything seems to
he decided with the New York interest.
Mr. CONIvLING. I am surprised that the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania has
fallen into such au error about this matter as
he does. He seems to think that my colleague
and myself are jealous of Philadelphia. Ho
is entirely mistaken in that. We both of us
feel the greatest pride in Philadelphia as a
beautiful 
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow
me, I did not say anything which should lead
him to believe that 1 thought be or anybody
else was jealous of Philadelphia. I did not
intimate anything like that. New York has
enough to be proud of without being jealous
of any other place.
Mr. CONKLING. I was going to say to the
honorable Senator that we feel proud of Phil-
adelphia as one of the most flourishing suburbs
of New York, and anything that we could do
to contribute to the importance of Philadelphia,
or any of the other villages that surround the
city of New York, we should bo very glad to
do. [Laughter.] Therefore, nothing in the
world can be farther from our purpose than in
any way to depreciate or overlook the claims
of Philadelphia.
Mr. President, there are many people who
believe that the honorable Senator knows a
great deal more than he has stated as to the
way in which claims are arranged between
States, and between New York and Philadel-
phia. There are those credulous enough even
to believe that when the War Department was
under a former administration the State of
New York was indebted for a great many ap-
pointments to the selection of men who lived
ill the State of Pennsylvania, and never found
out that they lived in New York until they had
received decorations and appointments from
the War Department, which, it was said, were
distributed so plentifully in the State of Penn-
sylvania that itbccame necessary to locate the
residence of the surplus recipients somewhere
else, and, looking around for the most desirable
and eligible State, very naturally they were
located in New York. However, I do not wish
to go into that subject with my friend, because
he knows a great deal more about it than I do.
My colleague has moved to refer this bill to
a committee of which neither of the Senators
from New York is a member. It seems to me
that is a very fair proposition. He proposes
to refer it to a committee of which the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Mortox] is the chairman
and which has no representative from tlje State
of New York or the State of Pennsylvania
upon it. Why is not that a very fair proposi-
tion? I do not know but that there are reasons
making it more convenient to bold this exposi-
tion. if it is to be held, in Philadelphia than in
a much larger center and much more accessible
place. If there are the members of the Com-
mittee on Manufactures will be very well able
to ascertain that fact.
If this resolution is to go to the Committee
on Foreign Relations it is to go there for no
reason that occurs to me except that the very
distinguished Senator from th^ State of Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Cameron] is a member of that
committee, and is pretty certain not to be
ignored or overruled in the disposition of this
matter in his committee, even if New York
should show that it were better to have the
exposition there than in any one of the suburbs
or surroundings of that city. Therefore I think
it is a fairproposition that thisresolution should
go to the Committee on Manufactures, and let
them say whether such an exposition had
better be held in Philadelphia or whether it
had better be held in the largest city of the con-
tinent and the greatest railway and traveling
center of the continent, both internal and
external.
I shall vote with great pleasure for the
motion of my colleague ; and I presume that
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cameron] has now risen to concur with
me, and to withdraw what he said in favor of
the original motion of his colleague.
Mr. CAMERON. I have only risen for the
purpose of expressing my admiration of the
wit and originality of the Senator from New
York who has just taken his seat! What he
says about the suburbs of New York would be
very fine if it had originated with himself; but
it is not so fine, coming as it does from a col-
league of his in the other House. It is a com-
mon witticism of gentlemen representing the
State of New York in this House and the
Other.
Mr. CONKLING. We do not claim any of
it as wit. We simply state it as a geographical
fact.
Mr. CAMEPoON. Philadelphia is large
enough and rich enough and amply able to
take care of herself.
Then again the Senator has talked about
appointments credited to New York but given
to Pennsylvania. He has said that to me so
often privately, in jest, that he has come to
believe it is true. ITe is jesting now, certainly,
lie knows that is not so; but he has often
taunted me in that way in good humor, as I do
him sometimes, fori have no better friend here
than he is. In the appointments in the War
Department New York always got more than
her numerical share. She had men in the
Cabinet, and about the Cabinet, and in New
York, and about this city who were constantly
making claims to all they were entitled to and
a great deal more. When the Government
wanted loyal men to fill its armies I did, as
often as I could, select men whom I knew were
loyal and brave. I knew the people in Penn-
sylvania best, and whenever I could find a man
of that character there I gave her the appoint-
ment ; but I did not give her more than from
her population and for other reasons she was
entitled to, and my friend, the Senator from
New York, does not suppose that I did any-
thing in that. I know that I could not be hon-
ored with his good opinion if I had prostituted
that office in any way whatever.
Now, as to this question, as I said before,
I only objected to the reference proposed by
the Senator from New York [Mr. Fextox]
because my colleague's motion was originally
made in good faith, and because the committee
to which he proposed to refer the question was
as competent to act fairly and disinterestedly
upon it as any other ; and I looked upon the
second motion as made only because the Sen-
ator fiom New York thought (though perhaps
J may do him injustice) that New York would
be more likely to be selected for the place ot
the holding of this great fair if this bill were
sent to the committee suggested by him than
if it weit to some other committee.
I am Dot going to say anything about myself
