450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
nor about the city.of Philadelphia; only I hope
the next time my friend [Mr. Conklixg] gets
off wit he will let it be his own.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, this discussion
has, I confess, a little surprised me. I made
this motion for the reason stated by ine, that,
as I understand the bill, it asks the coopera-
tion of foreign Powers in this exposition. Now
I may call the attention of the Senate to the
fact—perhaps it has not arrested the attention
of many Senators—that this bill provides for a
celebration of the centennial anniversary ofthe
Declaration of Independence. It is not to be
supposed that by giving the Government's sanc-
tion to this centennial celebration at Philadel-
phia we shall deprive New York, or St. Louis,
or Cincinnati, or ail the numerous towns of the
country, from also having their centennial cele-
brations if they desire to do so. ^Bnt the pro-
priety of fixing with the national sanction this
centennial celebration at Philadelphia is per-
fectly obvious. I do not know but that the
very suggestion which the Senator from New
York has made about Philadelphia being a
' suburb of New York is one ofthe recommend- j
ations of the celebration there. We propose
to invite the honest, virtuous, intelligent por-
tion of the people all over the land to come to
Philadelphia, and, if it be a suburb of New
York, having of course all the virtues of the
country as contradistinguished from those of
the seething metropolis, people would rather
be quartered in the suburb, where virtue and
order and intelligence prevail, than in the heart
of the seething metropolis. 'J'his would be one
reason of itself, perhaps, why the centennial
celebration should be had at Philadelphia.
But the celebration should be had there
because the Declaration of Independence was
made there; and if our friends, the Senators
from New York, should succeed in transfer
ring the centennial celebration of that event-
over to New York, of course the next thing
would be a bill introduced to authorize the
transportation of the old bell and the State
house at Philadelphia bodily over to New
York, a movement which we are hardly pre-
pared for.
I hope, Mr. President, having made this
motion as I said because the cooperation of for-
eign Governments is invited and not from any
other reason—not because I suppose the bill
will not receive a fair consideration in any com-
mittee where the subject shall be considered
upon its proprieties, as the question is now mode
here that the Senators from New York- wish it to
go to a committee upon which no member from
Pennsylvania is—that there will be no such
reflection upon my colleague as to suppose that
he will not, in his well-known magnanimity,
give full consideration to all that the Senators
from New York can urge before that commit-
tee as a reason why the Declaration of Inde-
pendence ought to have been made in New
York instead of in Philadelphia.
Mr. FENTON. I do not wish to prolong
this discussion, and I only rise to remark that it
is apparent that this subject before any com-
mittee will involve considerable discussion and
inquiry. My reason tor moving to refer the
bill to the Committee on Manufactures was
simply that I belieyed that to be the more
appropriate committee. I hope it may take
that direction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, to refer the bill to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes '2'2, noes 12; no quorum voting.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a quo-
rum in Iho Chamber, and the Chair will again
count the Senate. Senators are requested to
vote in the affirmative or negative. The ques-
tion is oil the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-five,
noes not counted.
message from tub ii0us1s.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clixton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 2t316) making an additional appro-
priation for the improvement of the Louisville
and Portland canal for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1871, and for other purposes, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ocean telegraph cables.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits, by direction of the Senate, the concur-
rent resolution which was debated briefly yes- j
terday, and which he was directed then to i
submit this morning on the opening of the
session.
The Chief Clerk read the House concurrent
resolution, as follows:
Whereas several propositions relating to the con-
struction of lines of ocean cables from the shores of
the United States to the shores of foreign countries
ho ve been made in both Houses of Congress, and re-
ferred to several and different committees of the
same: Therefore,
Be it rcnolved by the Houie of Represented ivet, (the ,
Senate concurring) That all bills, resolutions, peti- :
tions, and papers whatsoever now before Congress
or ally committee of either House, or that may here-
after be offered, relating to the subject of ocean
cables, be, and arc hereby, referred to a.joint com-
mittee of five on the part of the Senate and eischt on
the part of the House, to bo appointed bv the Pre-
siding Officers of the two Houses, respectively, with
power to call for persons and papers, and to report
at any time, by bill or otherwise.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Minnesota [Mr. Ramkky] has moved the refer-
ence of this resolution to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, which has priority of the
motion to concur, made by the Senator fiom
Oregon, [Mr. Williams.]
Mr. HARLAN. If the vote on reference
can be taken without debate I have nothing
to say ; but there is a little bill here from the
House of Representatives, making a small
appropriation for the continuation of the work
on the rapids in the Mississippi river, called
the Des Moines rapids, thai ought to be acted
upon at a very early period.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will have to be referred.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to the
rpfarpnfP nf
Mr. EDMUNDS. The bill must, Iia referred.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think that bill
ought to be referred. I think it is very im-
portant to act on it promptly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let us take the vote on
this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion ofthe Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Ramsey,] to refer the resolution to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 hope this resolution will
pass in its present shape, without a reference
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. This
matter of telegraphing is becoming now as
much a necessity as ordinary postal arrange-
ments. At this time there are before the Sen-
ate some five or six propositions to create and
aid the construction of international telegraphs.
Those propositions are now in the hands of
almost as many committees, and the result will
be that if Congress continues to act upon the
subject by referring these propositions t# so
many different committees a conflict of legis-
lation will ensue which will be very disastrous
to the projects before Congress.
In my own opinion, the less law we have
upon the subject of those telegraph compa-
nies the better. But the idea has gone abroad
that some action is necessary of an affirmative
character—action, not by the State govern-
ments, but by the Government of the United
States—in order to secure to capitalists safety
for their investment in these exceedingly costly
cables. What is needed is, prompt action by
Congress to assure capitalists of the safety of
their investments in these telegraph lines.
The Committee on Foreign Relations would
in one respect be a very proper body to pass
upon these subjects in the view that, after all,
all laws that we may make in respect to inter-
national telegraphs will be very incomplete,
simply because we have no jurisdiction over
one end of these cables. Our laws can have
no effect, of course, outside of our own coun-
try; and therefore it has always seemed to me,
in regard to these international telegraphs,
that they should be regulated more by treaty
stipulation than by acts of Congress. It is
very essential, however, that there should be
prompt action on the subject, and I cannot see
any way in which that can be arrived at half
so well as by the appointment of this special
committee.
There are propositions now before the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, propositions be-
fore the Committee on Commerce, propositions
before the Committee on Public Lands ; and I
know not whether other committees may not
have charge of similar bills. It is plain that
all these bills should bo brought together, and
that there should be some general expression
of the will of Congress touching the whole
subject; and the more general that expres-
sion is the wiser will it be, in my opinion ; the
less attempt at regulation the better will it be,
simply because we cannot have any power
over one end of these telegraphic lines.
I trust, therefore, that the resolution now
before the Senate will not be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, but that it
may be passed upon directly, and I trust that
it will be adopted. I cannot see any reason. I
have heard no reason, why the Committee on
Foreign Relations should take this resolution
into their charge any more than they should
have ail the other propositions of a similar
nature withdrawn from the committees that
now have them under consideration and
brought into their hands. I hope, sir, that
the resolution will pass as it now stands, with-
out a reference.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have no desire to add t.o
the labors of the committee with which I am
associated; but I do suggest, or rather repeat
the suggestion which 1 made yesterday, that
the Committee on Foreign Relations for the
last two years has acted on references of this
character, and has given to them, I may say,
its most serious attention. I reminded the
Senate yesterday that there is now on our
Calendar a series of bills relating to interna-
tional telegraphs reported from that commit-
tee. Now, I put it to the Senate simply as
a question of business, is it expedient that
these bills, which, as I have already said, have
received tho serious attention of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, should be taken
from the Calendar and recommitted at this
late day of the Congress? I submit that it is
not. If there is to be any new committee of
the character contemplated, I submit that it
should be with a new Congress. This whole
matter, therefore, should go over to the Con-
gress which is to meet on the 4th of March.
It may be then considered advisable to create
a new committee: at least, should it be so pro-
posed, the argument that I now present, derived
from the labor of the committee on Foreign
Relations on this subject, could not be pressed.
I therefore think that the proposed reference
to the committee, at least for consideration,
ought to prevail. What, course the committee
will take when they come to consider it it is
not for me to say. I know not if the commit-
tee will not be glad to be discharged from all
further responsibility, even during this Con-
gress, in connection with these matters; but
it seems to me that the committee ought at
least to have the alternative of considering the
question.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, this question of
reference is always a very delicate one to in-
terfere with ; and yet sometimes we have to
choose between several committees proposed
or existing. One fact is quite apparent, that,
notwithstanding all the labors of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, we have no system
of ocean telegraphs that is at all reliable at the
present time,
