1888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
the whole operations of the Government,, and
that we had to be called back to repair those
blunders. But, sir, we were not called back.
The gocid sense of President Grant not only
approved what had been done, but from that
timis to this ho officer has complained of this
law except in one or two cases.
Now, what is the operation of it ? This money
is to be expended during the iifext fiscal year.
If it is not expended during the next fiscal year,
which expires on June 30, 1872, and if there
are no cbntracts outstanding against it, no bal-
ances unpaid for work done, nothing to be
charged against that particular fund, it is trans-
ferred to the general fund, and is subject to
appropriation next year or the year after.
There is no abuse in our Government that
has been so injurious in its results as this effort
to keep alive balances of appropriations. My
attention was called to-day to a very remark-
able ease. E'our years ago we appropriated
money to erect a building for the printing of
notes and other securities by the Government.
We appropriated $200,000 for that object. As
soon as that money was appropriated it was
transferred by Andrew Johnson for some pur-
pose ; I do not know what. I have not been
able to trace where that 5200,000 went. I
know very well that no building of that kind
was erected, and we shall be called upon in
the omnibus bill to-night to make good that
appropriation.
Now, sir, I say for one, with full knowledge
that what I say is correct, that there is no prac-
tical difficulty in enforcing this rule against the
engineer department or any other of the De-
partments of the Government; and I am not
willing that any exception shall be made except
in such a ease as, for instance, the north pole
expedition, where an expedition is going off
three or four years and the accounts must be
continued and kept running and where the
whole amount must be appropriated, or the
case of the erection of a public building, where
the fall amount is appropriated but cannot be
expended within the year. But the appropria-
tions in this bill arc current appropriations, not
for the completion of anything, but only for the
current expenditures during the fiscal year, and
this motley can bo used any time within the
year to pay for labor performed during the
year, or to meet contracts during the year, and
beyond that we ought not to go. 1 know the
business sagacity of my iYiend"from Michigan,
and he knows just as well as I do the import-
ance of having clean books and a balance-sheet
at least once a year and the necessity of com-
mencing with new appropriations.
Mr. CHANDLER. As 1 said before, this
is an exceptional case. I will give an illustra-
tion iu point. All these appropriations are
specific; they cannot be diverted from the
specific objects lor which they are made. An
appropriation was made to build a range-light
upon St. Clair Hats canal, which is completed.
The law of last year found the piles driven,
all the materials for constructing those lights
upon the ground, and there was not one dollar
to finish them. Why? Because every dollar
that had been appropriated was covered into
the Treasury, and we have been without a light
there for many months. We could not put up
lanterns at the end of the dock to enable ships
to go in and out without hitting against the
piers, although the money had been appropri-
ated and was set apart expressly to build these
lights. If a thousand or ten thousand dollars
is left over, but is included in the estimates and
in the contracts, I should like to know what
good reason can be given why if should not be
continued for the next fiscal year. Besides, all
the calculations of the engineers are based
upon the amount left onhaud. I will not dis-
cuss this question, but 1 ask for a vote. The
committee were unanimous iu proposing this
amendment as an exception to that general
rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A year ago we provided
and gave notice to all the Executive Depart-
ments that the estimates for this year should
not be based upon unexpended balances. We
declared that all unexpended balances should
belong to the Treasury again, so as to know
from year to year how the accounts stood.
Now, if this branch of the public service re-
quires more money than is directly appropri-
ated by the bill, which can be counted by dol-
lars, let my friend from Michigan move to
amend the bill by adding so much money, and
I will go with him. But it is a surrender of
the whole principle upon which we have stood
in trying to reform these enormous abuses, by
the transfer of appropriations and by the over-
lapping of appropriations, to adopt this amend-
ment. It is in effect a repeal in a wide branch
of the public service of that most wholesome
legislation which we adopted a year ago. In
that view of the case, I hope we shall disagree
to this amendment. Then, if my friend from
Michigan thinks it is necessary to increase his
appropriations to make up for whathe supposes
to be the deficiency, let us vote for it.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is too late to make
that increase now. I ask for a vote on the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
Committee on Commerce, to add a new sec-
tion to the bill, on which a division has been
demanded by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CHANDLER,. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope the Senate will by
fill means refuse to adopt the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have stricken all such
things out of all previous bills.
Mr. SAWYER. Every single appropriation
bill that has been reported here this year has
gone on the principle that the unexpended
balances should be covered into the Treasury,
and we shall never know where we are in the
world until we stick to that principle. Let us
have once a year at least a clean beginning
and know just where we stand. If we want to
spend $100,000 here and $100,000 there let
us appropriate it directly, and not appropriate
$50,000 on the idea that wo are only spending
that sura, when the other $50,000 is to be
obtained out of the pocket of some Treasury
official. It is a mischievous provision in all
its bearings. I hope we shall not adopt any
such amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I agree with every word
that the Senator has said, and I desire to say
one thing more. Hereafter, before we ever
make another appropriation for a single river
or a single harbor, 1 want an estimate of the
whole cost of the improvement. I do not pro-
pose to sit here year after year and vote
$10,000 to this and $20,000 to that work and
never know when it is going to be completed.
I want "a specific estimate for the whole cost,
and then let us appropriate either the whole
amount, or so much each year until the work is
completed.
Mr._ CHANDLER. The Senator will find
that in every case in the estimates of the
engineer.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; I have never
seen it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Here it is, if the Sen-
ator will read it.
Mr. POMEROY. If the report reads in
that v/ay it does not accord with the facts as
the Senator on my right [Mr. Edmunds] says.
I have hardly ever known one of these works
finished. I have heard it said year by year
that the appropriation then asked for would
finish the work; but after that it comes up
again, and then again. I hope this whole
service will be reformed. Let us make these
public improvements as we build our public
buildings. Let us have plans and specifica-
tions and estimates, and then provide that
they shall not exceed the estimates, so that we
may some day or other finish them. Other-
wise, these things will be appropriated for
year by year until the Treasury is exhausted
and swamped.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman, Bucking-
ham, Cassferly, Chandler, Conkling, Corbett, Davis,
Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Harris. Howard,
Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, McCreery, McDonald,
Miller, Osborn, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson,
Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, Viekers, and War-
ner—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Cattell, Cole,
Edmunds, Fenton, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Howell, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Patterson; Pomeroy, Ross, Sawyer,
Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Stearns, Tipton, Trumbull,
Willey, and Wilson—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Craprin, Ferry, Howe, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Pool, Revels, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sumner,
Thayer, Thurman. Williams, and Yates—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. By direction of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, I move to strike out the
fourth section of the bill. This is simply to
correct a clerical error. It should have been
included among the other amendments of the
committee.
The Chief Clerk read the section proposed
to be stricken out, as follows:
Seg. 4. That the Secretary of War bo, and he is
hereby, authorized and required to prevent or re-
move encroachments upon, or obstructions placed
in, the navigable waters of the ohannels and harbors
of the United States, said prevention or removal t.o
be made at the expense of the parties making or
causing said obstructions or encroachment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask if that is rec-
ommended by the Committee on Commerce?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; it is recom-
mended by that committee. It is owing to a
clerical error that the section was not printed
in brackets.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think the Sen-
ate understands the importance of this section.
It simply authorizes the Secretary of War to
remove obstructions from navigable rivers.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is very sweeping indeed,
and there is a bill now before the Committee
on Commerce which covers that ground. As
this provision is so sweeping, the committee
decided, I think unanimously, to strike it out,
and trust to independent legislation to regulate
that subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thiuk it would be wiser
for those who have any care for the navigable
rivers of the country to leave this section in.
It is simply discretionary. It proposes to
authorize the Secretary of War to remove
obstructions placed in the navigable waters of
the channels and harbors of the United States.
It seems to me, as a general principle, that that
is unobjectionable. The whole object of this bill
is to remove natural obstructions to navigable
waters ; but this section is designed to remove
artificialal obstructions from navigable waters.
I trust the amendment will not be agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I simply ask lor a vote.
The committee thought the provision entirely
too sweeping.
Mr. SCOTT. I think the Senate will see,
if they look at this section a moment, that
it is very likely to open up the discussion of
the very broad general question we had before
the Senate on an appropriation a few days ago.
lam glad to learn that the recommendation
comes from the committee which reported this
bill, to strike out the fourth section, because
its language is so general that it will require
the Secretary of War, not only to suspend all
works that are going on, but also to remove
works that are completed in any of the navi-
gable rivers of the United States. For instance,
we have at this session authorized the building
of bridges over the Wabash river, two over
the Missouri river—one at Omaha, another at
Boonville—and we have had a discussion hero
for several days as to whether there was an
obstruction in the channel of the Ohio river.
This section vests in the Secretary of War the
absolute discretion of removing from those
channels anything that he may, in his discre-
tion, decide to be an obstruction. If there
are obstructions there, let the courts take
