1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
Mr. SUMNER. I will remind my friend
that there is a bill on the Calendar, which I
have tried to get up, containing a system.
Mr. NYE. I understand that. The honor-
able Senator who is at the head of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, that desire the
reference of this resolution to them, says that
there are now several bills on the Calendar in
relation to this telegraphic system. Sir, that
is just the trouble. Each one of those bills
has its particular favorite scheme, and certain
persons favor each one of them; and I venture
the assertion that when action comes to be
taken upon them there will not be found suffi-
cient unity of sentiment in either branch of
Congress to adopt any one of them.
The honorable Senator from Delaware has
told y'ou, what I consider to be a great truth,
that these telegraphs have become as import-
ant to the commercial world as the very air
we breathe to the necessities of animal life;
that the old mode of doing business has ceased
to be rapid enough ; and, speaking in a com-
mercial sense, immediate action, the adoption
ot some principle of telegraph which is entirely
reliable, is a most eminent necessity.
So believing, I am in favor of referring this
subject to a joint committee, whose sole busi-
ness shall be to consider it thoroughly. They
will have before them all the light that has
been thrown on the subject by the investiga-
tions of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
They will take their bills, and, for aught I
know, may adopt one of them.
But, sir, one fact is apparent, and we see it
in our everydaj' experience: the Committee
on Foreign Relations are overburdened with
labor, with business that pertains to the main-
tenance of peace between the nations of the
earth and our own, so they have not that un-
divided attention to give to this system which
its importance and its immediate considera-
tion demand. While I have the highest con-
fidence in the integrity and intelligence of that
committee, yet I know how they are bur-
dened with work. We have seen our honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts laboring day
after day, taxing his whole energies—and he
has hardly strained them—to grapple with this
telegraphic system through which the com-
mercial arterial circulation runs. I hope that
he will yield for this once, and let us have a
committee whose sole business shall be to see
to it that this great necessity is immediately
attended to. I repeat, with the highest respect
for that committee, the exigencies of the times
demand that we should have a committee whose
sole attention shall be directed to this subject,
so that we may get action upon some well-con-
sidered bill. I hope, sir, that the Senate will
consent to refer this whole subject to a jo'fit
committee, as the public necessity demands.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I agree
to all that has been said of the importance of
telegraph lines. I think 110 one values that
new" medium of communication more highly
than 1 do. But upon that, as upon every other
subject, there is generally, and clearly here, a
question as to the adaptation of the means to
the end. The end to be reached, as declared
by the gentlemen who have spoken in lavor of
this resolution, is that the Senate shall act
with some singleness upon this subject. It is
said, and with much truth, that the different
bills introduced into this body on the subject
of telegraph communication have been referred,
not to one committee, but to several commit-
tees ; and to correct that error of practice it is
proposed to do what? To have a joint com-
mittee of the two bodies, to be composed of
eight members of the House of Representa-
tives and five members of the Senate.
I think it will bo admitted by every gentle-
man that a joint committee of the two Houses
is rather in the nature of an evil than other-
wise. There may be cases in which it is a
necessary evil; but, as a rule, the tendency of
such committees is to deprive each House of
its proper independence of action. It tends
especially to deprive the Senate, which is the
smaller body in numbers, and which has the
smallest representation upon the committee,
of its independence of action. For one, on
that ground alone, I regard a joint committee
as presumably objectionable; and in this case
I know of no adequate reason for permitting
ourselves to be drawn into such an objection-
able practice.
Rather than have a joint committee ap-
pointed, in which the Senate is liable to sur-
render itself to the House and to be Overruled
by the House, if there is no other mode by
which singleness of action can be procured on
the part of the Senate, why not raise a com-
mittee in the Senate on that specific subject?
If Senators regard it as of sufficient import-
ance to make a new committee for that sub-
ject, why not make a new committee in the
Senate, a new standing committee, to which all
bills in reference to telegraph lines shall be
referred? Is there any possible objection to
that? It is proposed any way to make a new
committee, and it is to be not only new but
joint. It has two objections; one is that it
adds to the list of our committees, and the
other is that it is a joint committee, in which,
I repeat, the inevitable tendency is that the
Senate shall, to a considerable extent, sur-
render its own independence of action.
There are other reasons which make me look
with some doubt upon this movement; but as
they refer to matters not in the Senate or to
persons in the Senate I shall not now allude
to them. I think, as the course of safety and
of proper action for ourselves, we should not
enter into this project for a joint committee.
I do not think it important whether this res-
olution should be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations or to some other com-
mittee ; but I certainly think it should go to
some committee for consideration ; and I can
think of no sufficient ground on which I, for
one, can be asked to vote for this resolution
without first having it go through the ordinary
consideration of some proper committee of the
Senate. As a member of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, I do not propose to press
its reference to that committee; but I say, refer
it to some committee ; refer it to the Com-
mittee on Commerce or to the Committee on
the Judiciary. Let us have the benefit of the
good judgment of the members of some com-
mittee of the Senate on this subject.
It may be said that a good deal of time has
been lost and nothing has been accomplished.
We are now very near the middle of the short
session of Congress, and I do not believe that
the effect of raising a joint committee will be
to hasten any movements in the direction of
these telegraph bills, nor do I think they are
cases for very great haste. The whole of those
bills as a rule propose to engage the country
in an entirely new policy, that of aiding in
some way or other some of the bills proposing
money, and others, in the most extraordinary
manner, as it seems to me, proposing grants
of land, to grant aid by the Government to the
building of these lines. _ That is an entirely
new point of departure in the policy of the
Government. I do not say that it is a vicious
point of departure so far as a money subsidy
is concerned, but it is one, at least, which
deserves our best consideration before we em-
balk in it. I trust, sir, that the resolution will
go to some committee to be considered, and
reported back to the body for its action.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to occupy
time. I only rise to say that I agree with the
Senator from California so far as his objection
to this resolution goes, arising from its being
for a joint committee. That subject was pretty
thoroughly discussed last year on the proposi-
tion to have Indian affairs considered by a joint
committee, and I think the very large pre-
ponderance of opinion in the Senate at that
time—and founded, in my judgment, on very
sound grounds—was that joint committees tor
the purposes of legislation ought not to be
had; that such a course impairs the independ-
ence of the agents (as committees are) of the
respective branches ; that it impairs the inde- •
pendence of the two branches, when they ought
to be independent, and that it is therefore
hurtful to legislation.
I have not the slightest objection to a special
committee of this body to consider all these
bills. I should go for it with the greatest
pleasure. I know some of the gentlemen who
are interested in having new telegraph lines ;
I sympathize with their wishes ; but I cannot,
for one, however friendly I may be to the pur-
poses they have in view, consent to disturb the
regular methods of doing business by creating
joint committees for the purposes of legisla-
tion. It is altogether wrong, as it seems to
me, and as I think, was the opinion of a large
majority of the Senate when the subject was
before considered. Therefore I should hope
this resolution might be referred, orsodisposed
of as not to create a joint committee, but I am
ready to create at any time when any gentle-
man will move it, so far as my vote goes, a
special committee of the Senate for this pur-
pose.
Mr. SUMNER. I have received within a
few minutes a communication from the other
end of the Capitol which, it seems to me, bears
so closely upon the pending question that I
shall be pardoned far reading it. It is a formal
letter addressed to me as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and
signed by eight members of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs in the House. It is as follows :
"House of Representatives, January 12, 1871" 
Mr. WILLIAMS. I rise to a point of order.
I have more than once been reproved in the
Senate for referring to what took place in the
other House for the purpose of influencing
the Senate; and it appears to me that it is not
strictly in order to read communications from
members of the House of Representatives for
the purpose of influencing the action of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The contents of
the letter have not yet been disclosed, but the
Senator from Massachusetts 
Mr. SUMNER. It is a communication from
the House Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts is aware of the rule, which the
Chair will turn to if he desires, that prevents
a reference to what has occurred in the other
House, because it conflicts with the proper
independence of the two Houses, in the lan-
guage of the Manual. If this relates to what
occurred in the other House it is not in order
here.
Mr. SUMNER. It relates to what occurred
in the other House on this pending resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then, by the
Manual, it would clearly not be in order.
Mr. SUMNEIl. It also states reasons why
it would not be expedient for the Senate to
proceed with this to day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read an extract from 8 Grey, to be found at
page 180 of the Manual:
" It is a breach of order in debate to notico what
lias been said on the same subject in the other House,
or the particular votes or majorities on it there; be-
cause the opinion of each House should lie left to
its own independency, not to be influenced by tho
proceedings ot tho other; and the quoting them
might beget reflections loading to a misunderstand-
ing between the two Houses."—3 Grey, 22.
Mr. SUMNER. Then, do I understand from
the Chair that it will not be in order for me to
read this letter ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know what the contents of the letter are.
The Senator from Massachusetts does.
Mr. SUMNER. Shall it be read at the desk
for information ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair puts
it upon the honor of the Senator himself, atter
the point has been made and decided by tho
Chair and the text of the Manual read, as to
whether it comes within this rale. If it
comes within this rule it ought not to be read
for information even, except by unanimous
i consent.
