THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
charge of them and remove them. I think
this section ought to be stricken out.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce, to strike outthe fourth section of thebill.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes 41,
noes not counted.
• Mr. CHANDLER. I am directed by the
Committee on Commerce to offer the follow-
ing amendment to come in on page 10, after
, Jine two hundred and nineteen :
- Forimprovement of White, Black, and Uttlo Red
rivers, in the State of Arkansas, 310,000.
£or improvement of St. Francis river, m the State
of Arkansas. $10,000. . .
For the improvement of the Little Missouri river,
in the State of Arkansas, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. The same committee
have directed me to offer another amend-
ment, to come in on page 10, after line two
huwdred and twenty-three:
For the improvement of the Tennessee river
$15,000: Provided, That one half of this appropria-
tion, as welt as the half of tho balance remaining of
the appropriations heretofore madeand unexpended,
shall be expended, below Chattanooga, and one half
above Chattanooga.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. The same committee
have directed me to offer the following
amendment, to come in on page 13, section
three, after line fifty-one :
For the survey of the Horseshoe falls, in the Dela-
ware river, below Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
l?or the survey of tho harbor of Norwalk, Connec-
ticut.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I also offer, from the
same committee, the following amendment, to
be inserted in the section in regard to surveys,
immediately after the amendment just adopted:
For a ship-canal, two hundred feet wide and twen-
ty-six feet deep, from the mouth of the St. Mary s
river to the mouth of the Suwannee river, Florida,
the harbors at the termini, with estimation for cost
of construction of canal improvement of ljarbor, ana
constructions of necessary breakwaters.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. Those are all the amend-
ments of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BLAIR. I offer the following amend-
, ment, to be inserted on page 7, after line one
hundred and thirty-eight:
For improvement of Alton harbor $15,000.
For the i mprovement of the mouth of the Missouri
river, $25,000.   „
For a general survey of the Mississippi river from
Alton, Illinois, to the mouth of the Maramec river
$25,000, including the harbor of St. Louis.
I will state that I hold in my hand a letter
addressed to the Secretary of War, and trans-
mitted by him to this body with his approval,
from Brigadier General A. A. Humphreys,
the chief of engineers, recommending the
appropriation. There was a survey made last
year of this portion of the river, including from
the harbor of Alton, in Illinois, to the mouth
of the Maramec river, including the harbor of
St. Louis. The survey has been partially made
and the chief engineer recommends the appro-
priation. I ask the Secretary to read the letter
to the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Office of the Chtef of Engineers,
Washington, D. C., Marchl, 1871.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith the
report of Lieutenant Colonel W. I(\ Raynold3 upon
the survey and examination of the Mississippi river
from Alton, Illinois, to the mouth of the Maramec
river, including the harbor of St. Louis, made in
compliance "with the requirements of the second
section of the act of July 11,1872, making appropri-
ations for certain public works.
This survey and examination, owing to the limited
time and fund3 at command, was necessarily incom-
plete. To reach a satisfactory conclusion as to plan
for and cost of securing a permanently improved
condition of the Mississippi river, within tho limits
named, requires the thorough, systematic survey
recommended by Lieutenant Colonel Kaynolds and
his assistant, Captain Allen.
The recommendations of Colonel Haynolds to im-
prove the harbor at Alton by closing the channel
west of Ellis'slsland, opposite Alton, bya cheaply-
constructed dam; to diminish tho abrasion of the
river banks opposite the mouth of the Missouri
river, by clearing Mobile chute and the slough west
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 119.
of Maple Island of snags and other obstructions to
the free flow of water, and to diminish the scour in
Sawyer's bend by clearing Pocket chute of similar
obstructions, are all concurred in. *
The reopening of Cabaret slough is desirable, but
until the detailed survey recommended is made no
proper project for this or -for other works, except
those named above, can be prepared.
The following estimate for operations during the
next season is submitted by Colonel Raynold3. The
appropriation of-that amount is recommended:
For Alton harbor     
For mouth q£ tjxe Missouri  2o,000
For a general survey1;.;  2ot000
$65,000
There was appropriated for the improvement of
the Mississippi river in the vicinity of St. Louis, in
1836. $15,000, in 1837, $35,000, and in 1844, $25,000; in
all $75,000; and it appears from a statement in a ro-
portto the city councils of St. Louis in 1869 that the
city had expended for various works for the improve-
ment of the harbor up to that date, $840,121.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. A. HUMPHREYS,
Brigadier General and Chief of Engineers.
Hon. W. W. Belknap, Secretary of War
Mr. CHANDLER. I think that is probably
a, meritorious work; but the Committee on
Commerce have not examined it, and I make
the point of order that it is not recommended
by a committee or by the Secretary of War.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan makes the point of order that this
amendment, although recommended by the
head of a Department, is not recommended by
any committee of the body. If it is in pursu-
ance of an estimate from the head of a Depart-
ment, that is one of the four classes under
which amendments can be received.
Mr. CHANDLER. It comes from a subor-
dinate, 1 understand, from Colonel Raynolds
or General Humphreys. It does not come
from the Secretary of War.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the amendment is not liable to the point of
order.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well. It may be
a very worthy and proper work; but the Com-
mittee on Commerce have not considered it.
Mr. BLAIR. I hope the Senator from
Michigan, before making opposition to this
amendment, will listen to what I have to say
about it. The recommendation by the chief
engineer was transmitted to this body only to-
day. If there had been time, the proposition
would have been submitted to the Committee
on Commerce and we would have sought their
recommendation; but it was impossible to do
it in time as it only came in this morning.
The amendment was, however, under the rule,
referred to the committee, which brings it
within the rule of offering it. I trust that the
Senator from Michigan, after hearing the state-
ment made by the chief of the United States
engineers in that letter, will not make opposi-
tion to this important improvement. The city
of St. Louis has already expended nearly a
million dollars to protect its own harbor, and
the sums expended by the Government of the
United States up to this time have amounted
only to $75,000. It is very important that
these appropriations should be made, because
there is danger that the abrasions of the cur-
rent of the river striking against the opposite
shore will injure and destroy our harbor.
Now, for a port so important as that ot the
city of St. Louis, with its immense tonnage,
for which the Government has only up to this
time expended $75,000 and the city has ex-
pended over eight hundred thousand dollars,
I think it is asking very little of the Commit-
tee on Commerce and the Senate that this
proposition should be voted. It is necessary
to carry on the survey and to protect the har-
bor of St. Louis. - ,
Mr. CHANDLER. This proposition and
those estimates of the engineers have never
been submitted to the Committee on Com-
merce. I will merely state that while the es-
timates are about eighteen million dollars the
appropriations which the committee have re-
ported amount to but a very small fraction
over four million dollars. Consequently there
are about fourteen million dollars of esti-
mates which stand in the same situation as
this proposition. The committee has used
its very best efforts in the premises, has en-
deavored to do its duty, and I hope the Senate
will stand by the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri.
The amendment was agreed to-rayes 21,
noes 19.  
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the bill
by striking out after the words " hereinafter
named," in the seventh line of the first page,
the words " such appropriations not to be cov-
ered into the Treasury until otherwise specially
provided ;" so that the clause will read:
That the following sums of money be, and aro
hereby, appropriated, to bo paid out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
War for the repair, preservation, and-oompletion ot
tho following public works, hereinafter named.
I will say to my friend from Michigan that
whatever reason might be given for continuing
the appropriations made at the last session,
which by a close vote the Senate have determ-
ined to do, yet there is no reason in the world,
for continuing this as a permanent provision
in the river and harbor bill. It repeals a gen-
eral law carrying the balances of appropria-
tions into the Treasury, in favor of the river
and harbor bill. The river and harbor bill is
a bill of annual appropriations, made for the
service of a given fiscal year. Congress de-
termines from time to time to expend so much
during that year for the repair and improve-
ment of certain harbors; for instance, this
year $-1,000,000; next year it may be deemed
inconvenient to expend so much, or it may be
convenient to expend mueh more.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator state
again what his proposition is?
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply desire to strike
out on the first page the words "such appro-
priations not to be .covered into the Treas-
ury until otherwise specially provided." I
think the words have got in here by misappre-
hension, probably by being overlooked.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator proposes
to leave the last section to stand.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ Leaving the rest of tie
bill to stand just as it is.
Mr. CHANDLER'. I will accept that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the words go out,
I presume.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio will be regarded as agreed to, and it is
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following pro-
viso, to come in at the close of the bill; I have
the consent of the chairman to offer it:
Provided, That any part of the appropriations
made by this act may. at the discretion of the sec-
retary of War, be applied during the current fiscal
year.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WARNER. I now renew the amend-
ment that I offered, to strike out_ fifty, in
line two hundred and twenty-eignt, page 10,
and insert "one hundred;" so as to make the
appropriation for the improvement of the har-
bor of Mobile $100,000". ~ -
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce had that subject under consideration,
and proposed what they thought was a proper
appropriation. I have nothing to say
the amendment. It is m the hands oftlre.k®ii-
ate. I hope they will stand by the c0®"1"®®:
Mr. WARNER. I hope this amendment
will be adopted. I call the at.ten ton of the
Senate to the fact that, while this bill aPPr°
priatessome $4,000,000, there isi given to ae
harbors of the country south of Baltimore,
about half a million of dollars, about one
ninth to the entire coast of the country from
