454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
destroy the uncompleted portion of the riprap
also; and thus an additional expense will be
incurred, which will be larger probably than the
appropriation that is now asked for to protect
and complete the work perfectly against the
ravages of the floods.
There is no loss by making this appropria-
tion, because what is done now will be done
without any additional expense, all the mate-
rial being on hand, the machinery being there
ready, and the workmen ready to be employed
at once and to be put upon the work, and it
can be completed now at this season of the
year probably almost as well at as any other;
I think in some respects it can be better done
now, at less expense, than it could at other
seasons of the year.
The report submitted by the Secretary of
War contains a letter from the engineer in
charge, from which I will read simply one
extract:
"Below is the estimate for completion: 10,668
cubic yards rock to be excavated; 114,961 cubicyards
earth to be excavated; 30,000 cubic yards rock to be
harrowed to complete embankment: 76,052 cubic
yards earth to be barrowed to complete embank-
ment; 500 cubic yards stope wall to be built; 0,200
cubic yards puddling; 600 linear rods building pub-
lic road; 57,708 cubic yards riprap wall; estimated
cost for completion, $341,ISO. The embankment has
b«en placcd in as perfect a state as possible, as far as
the funds on hand would allow, to preserve it from
the inroads of the ice and high water during the com-
ing spring, but unless the present uncompleted por-
tion of the embankment is finished, anil it and cer-
tain other portions oftheline protected by its riprap
wall, a large amount of washing away will be ddne,
which will necessitate the harrowing of a much
larger amount of material, and also a large expend-
iture for repairing in other ways the damaged por-
tions of the embankment. No exact estimate can
bemadeoftheamount ofdamage which will bedone,
as that depends on the height of water, amount of
ice, and the existence or non-existence of ice gorges.
But by the continuance ol the work during the win-
ter full protection to the section work can be given
before high water sets in, (generally about the mid-
dle of March.) In my opinion, therefore, I would re-
spectfully recommend and strongly urge that the
necessary appropriation lor this portion of this work
be made immediately, and that the further amount
for the rest of the work be made, so that woik may
be commenced in spring, as heretofore mentioned."
I need not read further. This sufficiently
states the condition of the work at the present
time and the great importance of the imme-
diate completion of the work necessary to pro-
tect, it from the rising floods of the spring, and
it will be great lack of economy and great lack
of prudence on the part of the Senate if they
permit this work to be destroyed, thus neces-
sitating a large appropriation hereafter to re-
pair damages.
Mr. RICE. I have a word to say in regard
to this bill, not with reference to the addi-
tional expense that will be incurred by not
completing the Louisville and Portland canal
now, but as to the condition of the country
below that canal. We get over the Ohio
river and from a point above the Louisville
and Portland canal a great portion of our
heavy freight. We get in that way our coal,
our bacon, our flour, our hay, and all that
kind of freight which we cannot afford to
transport over the railroads. This year that
canal has not been in operation by reason of
this improvement, and the whole country below
it is now suffering on account of the high price
of coal. We are paying a dollar a bushel for
it by reason of the want of transportation.
Every other species of heavy freight has been
retarded by reason of the non-completion of
that canal. If another season has to pass with
the canal unfinished, as the engineer reports
will be the case unless the work goes on now.
it will be a very great detriment to the whole
southern country. The boat lines that have
heretofore existed between Cincinnati and
Louisville and Arkansas have had to be stopped
during the past season, and will have to be
stopped during the season to come unless this
appropriation is made and the canal com-
pleted before high water.
1 hope, for the sake of tho country below this
canal, that the bill will be passed now. The
expense certainly cannot be any greater to
complete the canal now than after the spring
freshets ; and as the country cannot be dam-
aged by ita passage now, I see no objection,
as the bill has already been examined and
passed by the House, to the Senate passing it
without any reference to a committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, there are
three great national works which have been
taken in charge by the Government. One
is the Des Moines Rapids canal, another the
Louisville canal, and another the Sault Ste.
Marie canal. The Sault Ste. Marie canal is
the most important of the three ; that is to say,
there is more tonnage passing through that
than through either of the others, and its ton-
nage is increasing much more rapidly. The
necessity for an appropriation for that canal
is far greater than for either of the others, be-
cause all the work done upon it must be done
in the winter season. It is open to navigation
during the summer, and the work must be done
in the winter.
If this bill is to be acted on now, I desire to
offer an amendment appropriating §500,000
for the improvement of the Sault St. Marie
canal; but I would much prefer that the bill
should go to the Committee on Commerce
and be examined. It properly belongs to that
committee, and to no other. It has never
been before that committee in the other House,
and now it is proposed that it shall not be
examined by the Committee on Commerce
here. It will be remembered that we had this
same contest last year over this self-same
subject, and the Senate finally decided not to
pass such an appropriation as an independent
measure, but left it to go upon the river and
harbor bill, and it went there ; and it will go
thfre again.
Now, as to the quarrying of. rock in the
winter, any one acquainted with rock quarried
in the winter knows that it does not stand.
Rock quarried in the summer will stand twice
as long, or very much longer than that quar-
ried iu the winter. Then, again, it is much
more expensive to quarry rock in the winter.
Mr. RICE. I should like to call the atten-
tion of the Senator to the fact that the climate
where this rock is to be quarried for the Louis-
ville and Portland canal is very different from
that where rock is quarried in a cold country
in winter.
Mr. CHANDLER. I noticed that the mer-
cury was ten degrees below zero down there a
few days ago; and that is about as low as we
have it anywhere.
Mr. RICE. That only lasts in that climate
for one day. For the rest of the winter it is
very moderate.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is cold enough for
all practical purposes.
Now, Mr. President, I want these great im-
provements to go together. As I said before,
it is far more expensive to do this work in
winter. The days are much shorter and colder,
and the material becomes frozen, It will cost
double the amount to do this work now that
it will at a, later period. Then, sir, what is
the immediate, pressing necessity for the pass-
ing of this bill ? We are within six or seven
weeks of the end of this session. The river
and harbor bill, in which I believe every
single member of this body is interested, will
be before us within four weeks from to-d^y,
and I shall then ask the support of every
friend of these internal improvements in favor
of that_ bill; and I hope that every friend of
them will stand by the Committee on Com-
merce now. Let these go with the rest.
But, sir, I move the reference of the bill
now to the Committee on Commerce, because I
wish to offer an amendment to it. I was not
drepared to meet this subject to-day. I am
taken unawares. I have not the engineer's
estimates before me, and am not prepared to
argue the subject as I should like to do at this
time. I hope the bill will be referred in accord-
ance with the motion that I have made.
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. President, no one
knows better than the Senator from Michigan
that I always stand by him as a member of
his committee whenever I consistently can.
But, sir, this matter is of great importance to
us who reside upon the lower Mississippi. As
the Senator from Arkansas has so well stated,
we on the lower Mississippi must, of course,
depend upon the Ohio river for the transit for
all our heavy freight from Ohio, Kentucky,
and Pennsylvania. Coal to-day is twice as
much per bushel in New Orleans as it would
be had we the facilities that this canal would
afford us in the matter of transportation.
Now, I understand it is conceded that if'
this appropriotion is not granted much of the
work that has been performed on this canal
will suffer great injury. It is conceded that
if this appropriation is made it will hasten the
work very much indeed, and thus advance the
interests of the commerce of the lower Missis-
sippi especially. Now, while I dislike to dif-
fer with my friend from Michigan, the chair-
man of the committee of which I have the
honor to be a member, still I feel bound to
ask the Senate in this case to vote upon this
bill at once. I am satisfied that speedy ac-
tion upon it is demanded, in common justice
to the people of the lower Mississippi valley;
and I hope there will be no hesitation on the
part of the Senate in taking up the bill and dis-
posing of it without subjecting it to the delay
incident upon a reference to a committee.
Mr. POMEROY. I understood the Senator
from Michigan to say that this bill did not
coine from any committee of the House. Did
I understand him aright?
Mr. CHANDLER. Not from the Commit-
tee on Commerce in the House.
Mr. CONKLING. It came from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations there.
Mr. CORBETT. This bill embraces an
appropriation of something over five hundred
thousand dollars for the two works named.
Last year we had a bill before ns to make an
appropriation of about four hundred and fifty
thousand dollars to the Louisville canal. It
was then urged that it was necessary to exam-
ine the subject in the Committee on Commerce,
to see how much money we conld afford to ap-.
propriate to that work, and it was decided by
the Senate to refer it to the Committee on Com-
merce. They examined the question. A bill
was prepared in the House and sent to the
Senate appropriating the amount of money
that we thought we could appropriate for these
various works, and we gave to the Louisville
and Portland canal all that we could afford to
give, bringing it within the total amount of
appropriations that we could afford to make
during the year.
The appropriation named in this bill is cer-
tainly a large amount of money to be appro-
priated without an examination by a commit-
tee. It is a question whether a less amount
of money would not answer the purposes of
the work at the present time. There are other
important works for which appropriations must
be made at this session of Congress, and we
shall have to take the matter up within the next
mouth and dispose of it, and we can then de-
termine whether we can afford to give §500,000
or more to these two works. That is certainly
a question to be referred to the Committee on
Commerce, to whom all these subjects have
heretofore been referred, and by whom they
have been examined. Let them examine it,
and consult with the engineer and ascertain
the lowest amount that can be used to advan-
tage,and let such an appropriation be made.
But if we take up these appropriations by
piecemeal, and appropriate $200,000 to this
work and $300,000 to that, without reference
to a committee, it destroys the work of the
committee and the proper distribution of the
money appropriated to the various works. I
submit to the Senate whether it is not better
to refer this bill and to let the appropriation
be made according to the total sum that we
are able to appropriate for internal improve-
ments..
