1871.
THE.:;€/OICfiRESSIOlfAL GLOBE.
1281
open and shameless fraud. It is said the mili-
tary will be used at the behest of the Presi-
dent to overthrow the liberties of the people.
Sir, this law can no more be used for such, a
purpose than Jou the purpose of encouraging
repeating. The bill guards against the one as
much as against the other. The possibility
that any man will overthrow the liberties of.
this country by the military is far more remote
than the possibility that the fountain of all
law shall be poisoned and corrupted by such
irauds as are being committed year by year
in some of the cities of the Republic, by which
the will of the people is utterly set at naught.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, FMr.
Stiles. ]
. Mr. LOGAN. _ Before the gentleman yields
I desire to ask him a question, so that I may
vote understanding^. I want information in
reference to the twelfth section of this bill,
which provides that the marshal or his deputy
may by requisition call the military and naval
forces of the United States to his aid; and,
from the reading of the section, they would
then be under his command. I would like to
know, if a soldier in that command should
shoot a man down while in the performance
of a military act, under what jurisdiction
would he be tried, by a military tribunal or a
civil one?
Mr. BINGHAM. This amendatory act
provides expressly for the trial of all persons
offending against the provisions of the bill,
and the military or naval forces are only to be
called upon for the purpose of protecting the
officers from forcible resistance to the dis-
charge of their duties.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand that; but I am
utterly opposed to any law that would screen
a man from punishment if he willfully did a
wrong; and I know how it is where a man does
an act of that kind under military orders.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will answer the gentle-
man when I come to close the debate; but I
wish to say that it takes away none of the
concurrent jurisdiction of the States against
crime.
Mr. LOGAN. That is not the point. It is
not whether it takes it away, but the question
is this: where a soldier commits an offense
under a military order, while performing mil-
itary duty, the law is that he shall be tried by
a military court. Now, if a soldier in the per-
formance of duty, under the orders of one of
these deputy marshals, should shoot down a
man, I want to know whether he would be
subject to civil jurisdiction or to military
-jurisdiction?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no doubt he would
be subject to civil jurisdiction.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman has no doubt.
Well, I have. I insist that he would not be
subject to the civil jurisdiction.
Mr. BIINGHAM. I cannot yield further to
the gentleman. I have only fifteen minutes
left, having yielded five to the gentleman fr,om
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stiles.]
Mr. LOGAN. I only want to understand
the bill. I should desire to vote for any bill
which the Committee on the Judiciary might
report; but I must say that with this twelfth
section in it, unless I can be satisfied as to the
jurisdiction that would try a man for an act
committed under military orders, I cannot vote
for the bill, nor will I.
Mr. VOORHBES. I ask unanimous consent
that the time of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bikgham] be extended fifteen minutes. He
has been very kind and courteous to others,
and I think we should extend this courtesy to
him.
There was no objection ; and Mr. Bikgham's
time was extended fifteen minutes.
Mr. STILES then addressed the House for
five minutes. [His remarks will be found in
the Appendix.]
Mr. BINGHAM resumed the floor.
41st Con®. 3d Sjess.—ISfo. 81.
Mr.FINKELNBUKG. Will the gentleman
trom Ohio [Mr. Bingham] allow me to offer
an amendment to this bill?
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire first to offer a
substitute for this hill; and then, if it shall he
the pleasure of the House to entertain any
other amendment 
The SPEAKER. That will not depend upon
the pleasure of the House, but upon the pleas-
ure of the gentleman who has charge of the
bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the amendment is one
of importance it can be made in the Senate.
Mr. FINKELNBDRG. Let it be read.
Mr._ BINGHAM. I have no objection to
its being read when I shall have offered my
substitute. I now withdraw my motion to
recommit the bill, together with the amend-
ments I have reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary, and now move a substitute for
the bill.
The substitute was to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the bill and to insert in heu
thereof the following;
That section twenty of the act to cnforce the
rights of citizens of the United States to vote in the
several States of this Union, and for other purposes,
approved May 31, 1870, shall be, aud hereby is,
amended so as to read as follows:
*' Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That if at any
registration of voters for an election for Repre-
sentative or Delegate in the Congress of the United
States any person shall knowingly personate and
register, or attempt to register, in the name of
any other person, whether living, dead, or fictitious,
or fraudulently register, or fraudulently attempt to
register, not having a lawful right so to do; or do
any unlawful act to secure registration for himself
or any other person ; or by force, threat, menace,
intimidation, bribery, reward, or offer or promise
thereof, or other unlawful means, prevent or hinder
any person having a lawful right to register from
duly exercising such right; or compel or induce, by
any of such means, or other unlawful means, any
officer of registration to admit to registration any
person not legally entitled thereto, or interfere in
any manner with any officer of registration in the
discharge of his duties, or by any such means, or
other unlawful means, induce any officer of regis-
tration to violate or refuse to comply with his duty
or any law regulating the same ; or if any such
officcr shall knowingly and willfully register as a
voter any person not entitled to bo registered, or
refuse to so register any person entitled to be regis-
tered; or if any such officer or other person whose
duty it is to perform any duty in relation to such
registration or election, or to ascertain, announce,
or declare the result thereof, or give or make any
certificate, document, or evidence in relation Uiereto,
shall knowingly neglcct or refuse to perforin any
duty required by law, or violate any duty imposed
by law, or do any act unauthorized by law, relating
to or affecting such registration or election, or the
result thereof, or any certificate, document, or evi-
dence in relation thereto; or if any person shall aid,
counsel, procure, or advise any such voter, person,
or officer to do any act hereby made a crime, or to
omit any act the omission of whieh is hereby made
a crime, every such person shall bo deemed guilty
of a crime, and shall be liable to prosecution and
punishment therefor, as provided in section nine-
teen of said act of May 31, 1870, for persons guilty
of any of the crimes therein specified: Provided,
That every registration made under the laws of any
State or Territory, or for any State or other elec-
tion at .which such Representative or Delegate in
Congress shall be ehosen, shall be deemed to be a
registration within the meaning of this act-, not-
withstanding the same shall also be made for the
purposes of any State, territorial, or municipal
elections."
Seo. 2. And be it further enacted, That whenever
in any city or town having upward of twenty thou-
sand inhabitants ther eshall be two citizens thereof
who, prior to any registration of voters for an elec-
tion for a Representative or Delegate in the Con-
gress of the United States, or prior to any election at
which a Representative or Delegate in Congress is
to be voted for, shall make known, in writing, to the
judge of the circuit court of the United States for
the circuit wherein such city or Ijown shall be, their
desire to have said registration, or said election, or
both, guarded and scrutinized, it shall be the duty
of the said judge of the circuit court, within not less
than ten days prior to said registration, if one there
be, or if no registration be required, within not less
than ten days prior to said election, to open thesaid
circuit court at the most convenient point in said
circuit. And the said court, when so opened by said
judge,*shall proceed to appoint and commission,
from day to day and from time to- time, and under
the hand of the said circuit judge, and under the
seal of said court,for each election district or vot-
ing precinct in each and every such'city or town as
shall, in the manner herein prescribed, have applied
therefor, and to revoke, change, or renew said ap-
pointment, from time to time, two citizens, residents
of said city or town, who shall be of different polit-
ical parties and able to read and write the English
language, and who shall be known and designated
as supervisors of election. And the said circuit
court, when opened by the said circuit judge, as
required herein, shall therefrom and thereafter, and
up to and including the day following the day ot
election, be always open for the transaction of busi-
ness under this act; and the powers and jurisdiction
hereby granted and conferred shall be exercised as
well id vacation as in term time; and a judge sitting
atcuambers shall have the same powers and juris-
diction, including the power of keeping order and
ot punishing any eontemptof his authority, aswhen
sitting in court.
Seo. 3. And be it further" enacted, That whenever,
Irom sickness, injury, or otherwise, the judge of the
circuit court ot the United-States in any judicial
circuit shall be unable to perform and discharge the
duties by this act imposed, it shall bo his duty, and
he is hereby required, to select and to direct-and.
assign to the performance thereof, in his place and
stead, such one of the judges of the district courts of
the United States within his'circuit as he shall deem
best; and upon such election and assignment being
made, it shall fee lawful for, and shall be the duty
of, the district judge so designated to perform and
discharge, in the place and stead of the said circuit •
judge, all the duties, powers, and obligations im-
posed and conferred upon the said circuit judge by
the provisions of this act,
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the supervisors of election appointed
under this act, and they and each of them are hereby
authorized and required, to attend at all times and
places fixed for the registration of voters, who, being
registered, would be entitled to vote for a Repre-
sentative or Delegate in Congress, and to challenge
any person offering to register; to attend at all times
and places when the names of registered voters may
be marked for challenge, and to cause such names
registered as they shall deem proper to be so marked;
to make, when required, the lists, or either of them,
provided for m section thirteen of this act, and ver-
ily the same; and upon any occasion, and at any
time when in attendance under the provisions of
this act, to personally inspect and scrutinize such
registry, and^for purposes of indentification to affix
their or his signature to each and every page of the
original list, and of each and every copy of any such
list of registered voters, at such times, upon each
day when any name nray or shall be received, en-
tered, or registered, and in such manner as will in
their or his j udgment detect and expose the improper
or wrongful removal therefrom or addition thereto
ln^any way of any name or names.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That it shall also
be the duty of said supervisors of election, and they
and each ot them are hereby authorized and required,
to attend at all times and places for holding elections
of Representatives or Delegates in Congress, and
for counting the votes cast at said elections; to chal-
lenge any vote offered by any person whose legal
qualifications the supervisors, or either of them,
shalldoubt; to be and lernain where the ballot-boxes
are kept at all times after the polls are open until
cacii and every vote cast at said timeand place shall
bo counted, the canvass of all votes polled be wholly
completed, and the proper and requisite certificates
or returns made, whether said certificates or returns
bo required under any law of the United States, or
any State, territorial, or municipal law; and to per-
sonally inspect and scrutinize, from time to lime,
and at all times, on the day of election, tho manner
in which the voting is done, and the way and method
in which the poll-books, registry lisU, and tallies or
check-books, whether the same are required by any
law of the United States, or any State, territorial, or
municipal law, are kept; and to the end that each
candidate for the office of Representative or Dele-
gate in Congress shall obtain the benefit of every
vote for him cast, the said supervisors of election
are, and each of them is, hereby required, in their
or his respective election districts or voting precincts,
to personally scrutinize, count, and canvass each and
every ballot m their or his election district or voting
preemet cast, whatever may bo the indoisement on
said ballot, or in whatever box it may have been
placed or be found; to make and forward to tho offi-
cerwho, in accordance with the provisions of section
thirteen of this act shall have been designated as the
chief supervisor of the judicial district in which the
city or town wherein they or he shallserve shall be,
such certificates and returns of all such ballots as
said officer may direct and requiie; aud to attach
to the registry list, and any and all copies thereof,
and to any certificate, statement, or return, whether
the same, or any part or portion thereof, be requirod
by any law of the United States, or of any Stato,
territorial, or municipal law, any statement touch-
ing the truth or accuracy of the registry, or tho
truth or lairness of the election and canvass, whieh
the said supervisors of election, or cither of them,
may desire to make or attach, or which should
properly and honestiy be made or attached, in order
that the facts may become known, any law of any
State or Territory to the contrary notwithstanding.
bEC. 6. And be itjurther enacted, That, the better
to enable the said supervisors of election to discharge
their duties, they are, and each of tftem is hereby,
authorized and directed, in their or his respective
election districts or voting precincts, on the day or
days of registration, on the day or days when regis- *
tered voters may be marked to be challeuged, and
on the day or days of election, to take, occupy, and
remain in such position or positions, from time to
time, whether before or behind the ballot-boxes, as
will, in their judgment, best enable them or him
to see each person offering himself tor registration
or offering to vote, and as will best conduce to their
or his scrutinizing the manner in which the regis-
tration or voting is being conducted; and.atihe
