1871.
THE COMPRESSION"AL GLOBE.
whose auspices this institution is administered,
I should like to know, for reasons in addition
to those stated by the Senator from California,
why it is that any partienlar church in the Dis-
trict of Columbia has a right to call upon Con-
gress to maintain any charitable institution
which it brings into existence. If the Epis-
copal church, why not every other church,
whether itjje Protestant or otherwise?
Now, Mr. President, the truth is, as stated by
the Senator from Kansas, that there is another
hospital here which has no reference to sect,
no reference to color, no reference to race,
but embraces everybody. I am not prepared
to vote for any appropriation for that if it
were here. It is not here ; but in place of it
an appropriation is proposed for the benefit
of something which my honorable friend from
South Carolina greatly overrates and over-
states, as I understand the facts, as to the num-
ber of people provided for. But I do noteare
about that. Suffice it to say now that it is a
hqspital and home, such as you find in many
instances in the State in which I live, main-
tained by a particular church belonging to a
particular communion ; and I repeat that if
this is to be done I see no reason why there
should not be an appropriation for the chari-
ties of every church in the District of Colum-
bia. I hope the amendment of the committee
will be concurred in, and that this item will he
stricken out.
Mr. SAWYER. I understand this to be an
institution which is precisely what the letter
of the Secretary of the Interior says it is. There
are several ladies who have charge of it and
give their personal attention to it. They go
there constantly, and do the labor of nursing
the sick and educating these children as well
as nursing them. They are members, as I
understand, of the Episcopal church; but their
charities are confined to no sect. They ask
not the question whether the children have
been baptized in the faith of the Episcopal
church or in that of any church at all. The
fact that suffering and disease exist is the sole
claim to the aid which they desire to give and
do give to these children.
Mr. CONK LING. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLiNG. He said awhile ago that
if I had attended to the reading of the letter
of the Secretary of the Interior I should have
understood who they were that were cared for
in this school. Now, I wish to call his atten
tion to an error into which obviously he has
fallen. The appropriation is "for the erection
of a children's hospital and home for the St.
John's Sisterhood, in Washington, District of
Columbia.'.' That is what it is ; not a school
or anything but that which I have read now.
See what the Secretary says: "On the 1st day
of November last"—after speaking of other
things with which this has nothing to do—
"they added to their enterprise an infirmary
for sick and crippled children"—that is the
thing we are talking about—"and have thus
far received for treatment eighteen free pa-
tients." Therefore the Senator will see that
I do not find that they have seventy of one
class and twenty of another class ; but I find
that from first to last, counting all who have
come and all who have gone, the total is
eighteeu free patients that they have received.
This is just as I understood the facts to be,
without reference to this document.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator does not state
the ease with that fullness, it seems to me,
which perfect fairness requires. They have
some old poor whom they have provided for
out of contributions. But I do not wish to
prolong this discussion. It is too small a mat-
ter to waste time upon. I hope the Senate will
not strike out the appropriation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the SenaAe will
concur in this amendment. I am one of the
congregation of an Episcopal church, not this
one, but another church in the city, that does
the same aorj; of charitable work under another
name. You, sir, are a member of the congre-
gation of a Presbyterian or a Congregational
church in this town that does the same sort
of charity, gladly and willingly, under another
name. Some other Senator may be a member
of a Catholic or a Methodist church or any
other church in this town that doss the s&me
thing in some. o,ther way and under some other
n ame. Now, if you ate to establish a public
hospital, as I agree perhapsyou ought to do, in
this city, it should be a hospital that knows no
sect, no color, and no race, nothing except a
common humanity, and under a control which,
gathering into it the representatives of all sects,
shall receive the destitute and the homeless
and the sick of all sects for care and protection.
If you take this one step for these very worthy,
admirable young people, you commit your-
selves in honor to take the same step forevery
other one, and thus you will divide up and
split up and spoil your charities in the fact
that a dozen institutions of this kind cannot
flourish as well as one for double the money.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the ebair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Committee on Appropria-
tions striking out the clause.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be continued.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was after line four hundred
and twenty-eight to insert " for compensa-
tion of librarian of the Senate library, in the
office of the Secretary of the Senate, $2,220."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and seventy, to strike out the words
"provided that any excess of" and insert
"and any;" and in the next line to strike
out the words "for this purpose over said
amount" and insert "on a plan that shall
cost a greater sum to complete it; " so as to
make the clause read:
For the extension of the Government Printing
Office building, upon the plans prepared by thearcbi-
tect of the Capitol extension, including the cost of
hoisting-works, said appropriation to be available
during the present fiscal year, $45,000; and any
expenditure on a plan that shall cost a greater sum
to complete it shall be deemed unlawful.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and two, to strike out "seven" and
insert "six;" and in line five hundred and
three to strike out " six " and insert " five; "
so as to make the clause read:
For surveying the public lands in Kansas, at rates
not exceeding ten dollars per lineal mile for stand-
ard lines, six dollars for township, anu five dollars
for section lines, $40,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and thirty-six, to strike out "eighteen"
and insert "fifteen;" in linefive hundred and
thirty-seven to strike out "fifteen" and insert
"twelve; " and in the same line to strike out
"twelve" and insert "ten;" and after the
word "dollars" in line five hundred and
thirty-eight to insert the following proviso:
Provided, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, in his discretion, may hereafter author-
ize public lands in said State, densely covered with
forests or thick undergrowth, to bo surveyed at aug-
mented rates, not exceeding eighteen dollars per
mile for standard parallels, fifteen dollars for town-
ship, and twelve dollars for section lines.
So as to make the clause read:
For surveying the public lands in California, at
rates not exceedingfifteen dollars per lineal nule for
standard lines, twelve dollars for township, ana ten
dollars for section lines, §70,009: Provided, That the
Commissioner of the General Land OSiee, in his dis-
cretion, may hereafter authorize public lands m said
State, densely covered with forests or thick under-
growth, to ba surveyed at augmented rates, not
exceeding eighteen dollars per mile for standard
parallels, fifteen dollars for townsmp, and twelve
dollars for section lines.
Mr. COLE. The bill as it came to us from
the House was in strict accordance with the
estimates of the Department and the recom-
mendation of the Department. The cojnmit-,
tee, without my concurrence, have seen fit to
change.it to correspond more closely with the.
law of last year. I do not resist the action of
the committee. It was done, however, with-
out ray vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and forty-six, to strike out " eighteen"
and insert "fifteen;" in line five hundred and
forty-seven to strike out "fifteen" and insert
"twelve ;" and in line five hundred and forty-
eight to strike out "twelve" and insert "ten
so as to make the clause read:
For surveying the public lands in Oregon, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile
for standard lines, twelve dollars fortownship, and
ten dollars for section lines, 835,000.
Mr. CORBETT. Does this increase the
amount over last year ?
Mr. COLE. The bill corresponds with the
estimates, but the committee have seen fit* to
change them as to California and Washington
Territory. I do not resist the action of the
committee. It is doue, however, withoutfmy
vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and fifty-one, to strike out "eighteen"
and insert "fifteen ; in line five liundred and
fifty-two to strike out "fifteen" and insert
"twelve; and in line five hundred and fifty -
three to strikeout "twelve" andinsert "ten;"
so as to make the clause read :
For surveying the public lands in "Washington
Territory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars'
per lineal mile for standard lines, twelve dollars
l'ur township, and ten dollars for section lines,
$40,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line five •
hundred and seventy, to insert the following:
And all the surveys of public lands as aforesaid
shall be let, upon jiablic advertisement for thirty
days in some newspaper in and for each State or
Territory, respectively, in which such surveys are
to be made, inviting proposals, to the lowest com-
petent and responsible bidder, being a practical
surveyor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
line five hundred and seventy-eight to line five
hundred and eighty three, in the following
words:
For surveying and establishing that part of the
eastern boundary of the Territory of Colorado which
lies between the thirty-seventh and fortieth parallels
of north latitude, estimated at two hundred and ten
mil es, at a rate not exceeding thirty dollars per mile,
$0,300.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
clause in lines five hundred and eighty-four,
five hundred and eighty-five, and five hundred
and eighty-six, as follows :
Xo mark and define the boundary lines between
the Territory of Utah on the north and of Idaho on
the south, $0,480.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to know why
the committee propose to strike that out.
Mr. COLE. These three several paragraphs
are strickcn out. We haye no information as
to the necessity for them. No information
was brought to the attention of the committee
upon which they could rely explicitly in regard
to the survey "of those border lines, and we
were of opinion that the States adjoining the
Territories ought to join in the expense of
making the survey of the line. I know it'is
customary on our side of the continent, the
western coast, for the States, where the line
is between States, to bear the expense, and
where it is betweeu a State and Territory the
State bears her proportion of the expense.
Mr. HARLAN. lie honorable Senator
will observe that reason would not &pp y in
this case. This is a line between the Terri-
tory of Utah and the Territory of Idaho-~a
