458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
Sir, the practical question for the Senate to
consider is whether it is necessary to refer this
matter to the Committee on Commerce or any
committee of this body, when all the inform-
ation is before the Senate that could be pro-
cured by a reference to a committee.
Mr. CONKLING. What work does the
Senator especially refer to ?
Mr. KELLOGG. I speak, of course, of the
Louisville and Portland canal. I prefaced my
remarks a moment since by stating that I was
not especially interested in the appropriation
for the Des Moines rapids; but still that is
recommended by the Secretary of War in the
usual maimer, or at least by the corps of en-
gineers ; and if a committee of this body take
favorable action upon a recommendation of
that kind, as is usual, I do not know why the
Senate itself cannot rely on a recommendation
such a3 is contained in this report from the
Secretary of War. recommending an appropri-
ation in behalf of the Des Moines rapids. I
would far sooner vote for that, even if I had a
doubt, than to lose the inestimable advantage
of the appropriation asked for in this bill for
the Louisville and Portland canal, recom-
mended as it is by Major Weitzel and indorsed
by General Humphreys. Of the necessity of
it, as I stated before, there can be no question.
For instance, in the single item of coal.
Coal is fifty per cent, higher in the city of New
Orleans, and all the cities along the coast
below Memphis to New Orleans, than it would
be if this work were open. We want the work
completed. It will promote the interests of
the South. The people of the lower Missis-
sippi demand it. Steamboating and rafting
cannot be done with the same facility that
they could be if this canal were finished.
Kentucky, Pennsylvania, and Ohio depend
upon the Ohio river for transportation at this
time. If this work were completed, and the
canal opened, it would facilitate transportation
and put the lower Mississippi in direct com-
munication with Kentucky, Ohio, and Penn-
sylvania, to the advantage of all that region
of country. I think the least the Senate can
do is to act on this bill promptly and at once.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, if this were
a new matter, if there was any doubt about it
at all, I should vote for the reference of this
bill. I think it best always that bills should
be referred unless there be special reasons to
the contrary. Now, sir, the nation has under-
taken these two great works. They are to be
finished. I believe that, when we enter upon a
•work, the true way is to have the appropria-
tions so made that the work shall be continued
without interruption. I think wehave lost mil-
lions of dollars by not acting up to this rule.
It will cost no more money to finish these two
great national works by making this appro-
priation now than it will by referring the hill
and allowing the matter to remain unacted
upon for weeks or months. On the contrary,
I believe the works will becompleted at a less
cost if we make this appropriation, and make
it In season. I shall, therefore, vote for the
passage of this bill now, because I wish to have
these two great national works completed.
There is another thing about it. I do not
desire the lumping together of a great many
of these works. I would rather vote for
these appropriations separately, on their own
individual merits. I do not want one measure
to carry another. I think it is a bad mode of
legislation. I shall vote for this appropriation
because we have entered upon the work ; it is
of great importance to the country, and we
ought to so make the appropriations that it
shall be continued right on until finished. I
ara ready to vote for these other appropria-
tions when they are brought regularly before
us and shown to be necessary; but let them
stand by themselves. For one I have never
yet voted, and never shall while I have a seat
here, for one measure because it will carry
another that I should like to have. I think
that whole system vicious. As the facta are
all before us in this case, and we understand
all about it, I shall vote for this hill and let
the other matters come up in their proper
order. I trust every Senator who is in favor
of these measures will look at them just, as he
would if they were for his own State, and vote
upon them according to their merits.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not rise for the
purpose of discussing this question—certainly
the Senate understands it—but to ask that we
may come to a vote. This bill was taken up
informally, and I trust the Senate will dispose
of it without debating further this question of
r©ference.
Mr. POMEROY. I should not say anything
on this subject if I thought we were going to
vote; but I wish to say that I do not consider
this a good way of legislation. Appropriation
bills are difficult enough, even when they have
had the concurrence of a committee. I never
knew an appropriation bill of this character to
be pressed upon the attention of the Senate,
unless it had the sanction of some committee
of this body; and I have seen such bills linger
here day after day when they had the appro-
bation of one or two committees.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that if
these individual propositions could stand on
their own merits, one by one, he would like it
better. So should I. But 1 desire each one
to be considered by a committee ; otherwise
what is the use in having committees ? I know
nothing about these specific appropriations
further than is known to every Senator. But
why are we to have committees if such appro-
priations are not to be examined by a com-
mittee ? This bill has never been before the
Committee on Commerce in the House, as I
understand; and now an effort is made to keep
it away from the Committee on Commerce in
the Senate. This mode of doing business does
not strike me as the way in which we ought to
legislate; and that is the only suspicion that
I know about it. I should suppose that the
friends of this measure would gladly commit
it to the hands of one of our standing commit-
tees; and when it shall have received their
indorsement, 1 do not know of any reason
why all of us should not vote for it. But to
try to pass it without that concurrence is to
my mind a bad way of legislation. I shall
vote to refer the hill.
Mr. SCHUKZ. 1 think there is, if possible,
a still worse way of legislation; and that is,
that way of legislating which permits works
to be built in summer to be washed away
in winter, to be built again in the following
summer.
Mr. POMEROY. I had not quite concluded.
You can always get up a show of necessity for
an appropriation. I have heard that argument
urged before. You can always make out a
case, that unless you do a thing in a particular
time, out of the usual way, it is going to dam-
age the country exceedingly. Last year, on
the spur of some alleged necessity, we were
urged to act at once on this subject, and the
same argument is repeated now. I have always
found that we go faster when we go slowly;
that is, that we act better when we act more
maturely in our deliberations. This argument
of necessity, that the work is all going to be
washed away unless this bill is put through
on the whip and spur to-day, does not strike
me favorably at all. That is one of the
things that arrested my attention. I do not
think 1 should have opposed it if I had not
heard that.
_ Mr. SCHURZ. In order to prove the neces-
sity for this appropriation, I will read an offi-
cial report made by General Humphreys t.o
the Secretary of War, and transmitted by the
Secretary of War to the lower House of Con-
gress, which will be found in to-day's Globe:
"Office of thu Chief ox? Enginkeks,
V/ashixoton, D. C., December la, 1870.
"Sir: In compliance with (ho resolution of the
IIou?e oe" .Representatives of December 12, request-
ing information as to the uresent condition of the
lies Memos rapids improvement, &c., referred to
this office for report, J have respectfully to transmit
a copy of :i com mumcation,dated December 15. just
received from Colonel J. N. Macomb, the officer of
engineers in charge of the work. From this report
it appears that ail immediate appropriation of
$3-11.000 is required, m order that operations may be
continuously carried on during the winter months
along the unfinished portion of the section-work, so
S3 to protect the portion already construetedfroui
the effects of high water and ice upon the opening of
spring. This protection will be effected by complet-
ing the unfinished portion of the embankment and
riprap wall.5'
It is evident from this that if we refer this
bill to a committee, and the committee take
time in considering it, and then it comes back
to the Senate, by that, time the embankment
will be washed away in all probability, and then
we shall have to make an appropriation not
only for what is to be done now but for what
was done last summer. I think that is certainly
the most vicious way of legislation that can be
devised.
Mr. DAYIS. The honorable'Senator from
Kansas triumphan tly asks what the Senate has
committees for. I will answer the question.
It is to give the Senate information; and if
the Senate had as much information upon all
subjects that are referred to committees as it
has upon this subject now belore the body we
should have no need of committees at all. No
committee can enlighten the Senate in relation
to the proposition now before it. The informa-
tion is before the Senate in the official reports
of able engineers who know infinitely more
about the subject than the Senate know, be-
cause the Senate know nothing except from
the reportsiof these committees. We have all
the light on this subject that the Senate can
possibly get, and now is as good a time to act
upon it as we shall have in the future. The
argument of the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson'] i3 exhaustive on the subject,
and I trust that the friends of the measure will
debate it no more, but come to a vote.
Mr. CHANDLER. The letters from the en-
gineers which have been read are in the usual
form. I suppose there are about one hundred
and fifty equally urgent, and showing an equally
immediate necessity for an appropriation, and
probably more necessity.
Ther  has been already appropriated to the
Des Moines rapids $1,918,200. The appropri-
ations have been enormous; and if the engin-
eers have left the work in an unsafe state tliey
are not suitable engineers for the work.
The Lonisville canal, although not owned by
the United States, but the property of a pri-
vate company, has already received from the
Treasury of the United States $562,200. The
whole amount of the appropriations recom-
mended by the engineer corps for that work—
I have them not before me, and speak from
recollection; I have sent for them, and hope
to receive them within a moment or two—is
about fourteen million dollars. Now, whether
Congress will decide that it can accept these
estimates, and make the appropriations asked
for or not, is in the future. Last winter, it will
be remembered that one particular work was
brought in here, and the whole amount of the
estimate of the engineers was put into a special
bill, and it was attempted to be thrust through
in hot haste. This winter it appears that we
have the same old thing in a new shape. These
two works hitch horses together, and thus hope
to pull the load through.
I hope, sir, that these two works will share
the fate of other works of internal improve-
ment ; that if we can afford to take the esti-
mates of the engineers we shall take them all;
and if we cannot afford to take them, that we
shall do the very best we can with what we can
afford to appropriate. I hope that every indi-
vidual in this body who has any interest in the
passage of a river and harbor bill will vote to
refer this bill to the Committee on Commerce,
where it belongs, and not permit a single work
to be selected out and the estimate of the
engineers for it adopted in full, while others,
perhaps, receive little or nothing.
Mr. MOllTON. The Senator from Michi-
