1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1283
suit be in actual custody on mesne process therein,
it shall be the duty of the marshal, by virtue of the
writ of habeas corpus cum causa, to take the body of
the defendant into his custody, to be dealt with in
the said cause according to the rules of law and the
order of the circuit court, 01* of any judge thereof in
vacation. And all attaehmentsmadeand all bail or
other security given upon such s>uit or prosecution
shall be and continue in like force and effect as if
the same suit or prosecution had proceeded to final
judgment and execution in the State court. And if
upon the removal of any such suit or prosecution it
shall be made to appear to the said circuit court
that no copy of the record and proceedings therein
in the State court can be obtained, it shall be lawful
for said circuit courtto allow and require the plain-
tiff to proceed de novo, and to file a declaration of
his cause of action, and the parties may thereupon
proceed as in actions originally brought in said cir-
cuit court: and on failure of so proceeding, judg-
ment of no/i prosequitur may be rendered against the
plaintiff, wirh costs ior the defendant.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, Thatin any ease
in which any party id or may be by law entitled to
copies of the record and proceedings in any suit or
prosecution in any State court, to be used in any
court of the United States, if the clerk of said State
court shall, upon demand and thepayment or tender
of the legal fees, refuse or neglect to deliver to such
party certified copies of such record and proceed-
ings, the court of the United States in which such
record and proceedings may be needed, on proof
by affidavit that the clerk of such State court has
refused or neglected to deliver copies thereof on
demand as aforesaid, may direct and allow such
record to be supplied by affidavit orotherwise as the
circumstances of the ease may require and allow;
and thereupon such proceeding, trial, and judg-
ment may be hud in the said court of the United
States, and all such processes awarded, as if certified
copies of such records and proceedings had been
regularly before the said court; aud hereafter in all
civil actions in the courts of the United States either
party thereto may notice the same for trial.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That sections
five and sis of the act of the Congress of the United
States approved July 14,1870, and entitled "An act
to amend the naturalization laws and to punish
crimes against the same," be, and the same are
hereby, repealed, but this repeal shall not affect any
proceeding or prosecution now pending for any
offense under the said sections, or either of them,
or any question which may arise therein respecting
the appointment of the persons in said sections, or
either of them, provided for, or the powers, duties,
or obligations of such persons.
Sec. 19. And be it juither enacted. That all votes
for Representatives in Congress shall hereafter be
by written or printed ballots, any law of any State
to the contrary notwithstanding; and all votes
received or recorded contrary to the provisions of
this section shall be of none effect.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will now hear the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Finkelkburg.]
Mr. E^NKELNBURG-. I will move it to
the substitute; to strike out of section twelve
of the substitute the following:
And to require the commanding officer of the
nearestUnited States military or naval force to de-
tail and furnish forthwith asutficientportion of such
military or naval force to enable the said marshal
or his deputies to discharge their duties under this
act and the act hereby amended. And itshall be the
duty of such commanding officer, upon such requi-
sition being made, to obey it without delay, and
forthwith to detail and employ the military or naval
force of the United States under his command in
the aid of said marshal or his said deputies, and
under the direction of the said marshal, *r any or
either of such of his deputies as are herein empow-
ered to make such requisition, to such extent as may
be necessary to enable said marshal or his deputies
to perform all the duties imposed on them by this
a#t or the aet hereby amended.
That will leave the section to read as fol-
lowg;
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That the mar-
shal,or his general deputies, orsuch special deputies
as shall be thereto specially empowered by him, in
writing and under his hand and seal, whenever he
or his said general deputies or his special deputies,
or cither or any of them, shall be ioreibly resisted in
executing their duties under this act or the act
hereby amended, or shall, by violence, threats, or
menaces, be prevented from executing such duties,
or from arresting any person or persons who shall
commit any offense for which said marshal or his
general or his special deputies arc authorized to
make such-arrest, are, and each of them is hereby,
empowered to summon and call to his or their aid
the bystanders or posse co/nitatwi of his district.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is right.
I trust my colleague [Mr. Bikgham] will allow
it to be offered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no objection to per-
mitting the House to vote on it- I now move
to recommit the hill, so that no other amend-
ments may be offered.
The SPEAKER. That is not necessary.
The gentleman has the floor to close thedebate.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, the debate
to-day has taken so wide a range that it would
be utterly impossible for any man, within the
time alloted me, to even refer intelligibly to
all that has been said by way of objection to
this bill. I shall have accomplished my pur-
pose if I shall succeed in putting the House
in possession of the views which I entertain in
regard to the constitutionality of this bill and
the necessity for its enactment.
Gentlemen have asked here where is yonr
authority to make this legislation? That ques-
tion was answered in the beginning by the
commanding minds of the Republic who had
more to do with framing that admirable sys-
tem of civil polity known as the Constitution
of the United States than-any other. I refer
to those great minds of the Constitutional
Convention, Alexander Hamilton and James
Madison.
In reference to the meaning of this pro-
vision in the original text of the Constitution,
"the Congress shall have power to make or to
alter such regulations" fixing the time, place,
and manner of holding elections for Repre-
sentatives in Congress, each of them notified
the country that without it the system would
be defective; that without it the national Gov-
ernment would be at the mercy of the States;
that without it it would be in the power of
the States, acting separately and without vio-
lence, to demolish the national Government.
I cannot make their words stronger by any
words of mine.
In answer to what gentlemen have said here
to-day I beg leave to read in the hearing of
the House a few words uttered by Madison
in the Constitutional Convention, and a line
or two from the language used by Hamilton
upon this subject while the Constitution was
on trial for its deliverance before the people
of the several States of this Union. With the
reading.of these weighty words I trust that,
in the judgment of the House and the coun-
try, the gentlemen who have made objection
to the legislation here proposed on the ground
of want of constitutional power will be suffi-
ciently answered.
Madison used this language:
"The necessity of a General Government supposes
that the State Legislatures will sometimes fail or
refuse to consult the common interest at the expense
of their local convenience or prejudices. The policy
of referring the appointment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the people, and not to the legislatures
of the States, supposes that the result will be some-
what influenced by the mode. This view of the
question seems to decide that the Legislatures of the
States ought not to have the uncontrolled right of
regulating the times, piaccs, and maimer of holding
elections. It was impossible to foresee all the abuses
that might be made of the discretionary power.
Whether the electors should vote by ballot or viva
voce, should assemble at this place or at that place,
should be divided into districts or all meet at the
same place, should all vote for all the Representa-
tives, or all in a distiict vote for a number allotted
to the district, these and many other points would
depend on the Legislatures, and might materially
affect the appointments." *****
"What danger could there be in giving a control-
ling power to the national legislature? Of whom
was it to consist? First, of a Senate, to be chosen by
the State Leaislatures. If the latter, therefore, could
be trusted, their representatives could not be dan-
gerous. Secondly, of Representatives olected by the
same people who elected the State Legislatures.
Surely, then, if confidence is due to the latter, it
! must be due to the former."
Hamilton, writing in the fifty-eighth num-
ber of the Federalist, with reference to the
necessity of the same provision, uses these
words:
" Suppose an article had been introduced into the
Constitution empowering the United States to regu-
late the elections for tho particular States, would
any man have hesitated to condemn it. both as an
unwarrantable transposition of power an«l as a pre-
meditated engine for the destruction of the State
governments? Xhe violation of principle in this
eaj-c would have required 110 comment, and to an
unbiased observer it will not be less apparent in
tho project of subjecting the existence uf the na-
tional Government, in a similar respect, to the
pleasure of the State governments. An impartial
view of the matter cannot fail to roult in a convic-
tion that each, as far as possible, ought to depend on
itself for iu own preservation."
Mr. Speaker, those last words constitute a
key to this whole controversy. Your Consti-
tution would have been only a glittering bauble
if it had not conferred, as it did confer, upon
the national Legislature the power of self-
preservation. Why, sir, who does not know
that the power of the nation is the national
power to legislate? Who does not know that
those who are to exercise the legislative power
can only be chosen by the people in organized
States? Who does not know that if the State
Legislature should choose to incumber the
exercise of this power with inconvenient or
impossible conditions, and if the national
Congress had not the power to overrule or
alter such conditions, the nation would perish?
How could the Republic live one hour without
the legislative department, through which and
by which the people may exercise the power
to make laws for their protection ?
Mr. Speaker, I esteem as highly as any gen-
tleman on this floor the rights of the people
to their local State governments. While I
intend here and now, at all times and every-
where, according to the measure of my
strength, to vindicate those rights in their just
extent, I beg leave to say that I esteem as well
the national power to correct the abuses of
State legislation and to secure and enforce by
the silent operation of law the equal rights of
all the people of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, the people of this country
learned wisdom in that terrible ordeal through
which they passed during the four years of our
strange, unmatched, and unnatural rebellion.
There was not a thoughtful man in the country
who did not learn from that terrible trial the
weakness of the Constitution. Thus instructed,
men did gird themselves to the work of pro-
viding against that weakness by the Constitu-
tion in the future by incorporating into the
text of the instrument the power of the national
Congress to correct and restrain by law the
abuses of State authority. It is written there
so plainly that no man can mistake the effect
and strength of the amendment. The words
are " No State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the immunities and priv-
ileges of citizens of the United States," " and
the Congress shall have power by appropri-
ative legislation to enforce" the amendment.
The very first article of your Constitution,
sir, provides that the people of the several
States shall every two years choose Represent-
atives to Congress. According to the whole
number of representative population in each
this representation is to be apportioned. The
additional amendment to the Constitution is,
that citizens of the United States hereafter,
having like qualifications of age, residence,
sex, property, &c., shall, without regard to
race, color, or previous condition of servitude,
have the equal right to vote as citizens of the
United States in the several States of this
Union. Surely that secures the equal right to
vote to all citizens resident in each State,
without distinction of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, who have the other
qualifications required by the State for Repre-
sentatives in Congress. This amendment hav-
ing become part of the Constitution, the act
to which the bill now pending is amendatory,
approved on the 31st day of last May, by its
first section, for the first time in onr history,
declares this equal right to the ballot among
citizens of the United States having equal
qualifications, without regard to race, color, or
previous condition of servitude, in the several
States of this Union. Chiefly, sir, to make
! good this provision of the Constitution, chiefly
I to secure the equal right on the part of citizens
| in other respects qualified, the act of the 31st
| of May was passed.
i Here we are to-day, Mr. Speaker, engaged
1 in the unseemly spectacle of wild and angry
! debate, in which the spirit of party seems
stronger than the spirit of patriotism. It is
true, sir, the question in controversy is, shall
we, by good and just legislation, enforce this
inestimable right of the equal enjoyment oa
