1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457
gan says that the Louisville canal is owned by
a private company. I will state that the Uni-
ted States holds all the stock in that company
but five shares of $100 each. The Govern-
ment owns it; and the tolls have repaid all
that the Government paid out for this stock,
and $25,000 more. But that was the old canal,
which was found to be wholly inadequate to
tlie wants of commerce, and the Government
lias already entered upon and accepted the
policy of the construction of the new canal.
It is not a new question; but it is a thing upon
which the Government entered years ago. The
question of this appropriation has been settled
by repeated reports of the engineers, and by
one report, I believe, from the Committee on
Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is be-
fore the Senate as in Committee of tlie Whole
and open to amendment.
Mr. COLE. I move its reference to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 move to amend the
bill by adding the following:
And for the improvement of the St. Mary's Falls
ship-canal, $3U0,UUU.
L will state that the St. Mary's Falls ship-
canal has nearly double the commerce passing
through it that either of these other works
has, and likewise that the completion of a
railroad from Duluth, on Lake Superior, to
two hundred miles west of St. Paul opens up
the whole of the traffic of the great Northwest
over the Northern Pacific railroad, that must
likewise pass through that canal. But to-day
the tonnage of that canal is very much more
than that through either of the other works.
I will further state that this work must be
done in the winter, and it is the most urgent
of them all. I hope if this bill is to pass, and
any work is to be selected for preference, that
the St. Mary's Falls canal will at least be
placed upon an equal footing with these other
works.
Mr. KELLOGG. Why cannot the work be
done as well at any other time as in winter?
Mr. CHANDLER. It cannot be done at
any other time ; it must be done in the winter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Michigan.
The amendment was rejected—ayes nine,
noes not counted.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson", its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled joint resolution (S. R. No. 262) author-
izing the appointment of commissioners in rela-
tion to the republic of Dominica; and it was
thereupon signed by the Vice President.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 5th of December,
1870. the probable cost of the improvement of
the Umpqua river and the Willamette river,
above Oregon City, in Oregon; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the bill (S. No. 298)
to relieve members of Congress from impor-
tunity, and to preserve the independence of
the different departments of the Government.
Mr. ROSS. I ask the Senator from Illinois
to yield to me for one moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will yield informally
for any matter that will not take time.
Mr. ROSS. I ask the indulgence of the
Senator from Illinois and of the Senate for a
few minutes to consider Senate bill No. 1117.
I make this request now, as I am about to
leave the city this evening to be absent for
some weeks, and I am very anxious to obtain
the action of the Senate on this bill before
doing so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If there be no
objection the special order will be passed over
informally and the bill referred to by the Sen-
ator from Kansas taken up. The Chair hears
no objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 1117) to
authorize the appointment of a commission to
investigate claims arising from depredations
committed by or upon Indians in Kansas..
Mr. ROSS. The committee report a sub-
stitute for. the original bill, and I suppose it
will only be necessary to read that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading of
the original bill will be omitted unless it is
called for by some Senator.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, which was to
strike out all of the original bill after the
enacting clause and to insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of tho
Interior to cause to be investigated, under such
rules and regulations as he may establish, all alleged
claims for property unlawfully taken in Kansas, or
for damages sustained in said State, by reason of
depredations committed without the bounds of any
Indian reseivation since the 1st ^lay of January,
1860, by any of the Indian tribes or members thereof 1
located in tho State of Kansas with whom treaties
of peace have been or may hereaiter be made. It
shall also be the duty of the Secretary to cause to
be investigated all claims made by any suchlndiau
tribes, or members thereof, for indemnity for spo-
liations committed within any Indian reservation m
said State by white persons not members of such tribe
since the date aforesaid, and to report the same to
Congress, with tho evidence taken in each case, to-
gether with his judgment of its merits; and whatever
sum or sums may be tound to be justly due, when
approved by Congress, shall be paid by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, if against Indians, out of any
moneys due or to become due from the United
States as annuity or otherwise, to such tribe ortribes
against which said sums shall bo found due ; a,nd
whatever sum or sums shall be found to bo justly
due to Indiana for spoliations by whites not members
of any Indian tribe, then such sum or sums shall be
paid out of any unappropriated funds in the Treas-
ury of the United States, upon approval by Con-
gress, as aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 should like the Senator
from Kansas to inform us whether this bill
commits the United States to pay out of its own
funds any allowances or reports which this
commission may make ?
Mr. ROSS. The bill expressly provides that
no money shall be paid on any award made by
the Secretary, except by the action of Congress
directing an appropriation. The claims are to
be examined and acted upon bv Congress,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
bill read again.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see the object
ofmaking an appropriation at all. To me there
is a little confusion in regard to that bill.
Mr. HARLAN. Does the bill now contain
an appropriation ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The biil makes an appro-
priation upon the consent of Congress. We
ought to strike out all about the appropriation.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that,
and the committee did not intend to even im-
pliedly make an appropriation. They intended
to authorize the Secretary of the interior to
make an investigation and report the evidence
and his judgment upon it to Congress for the
action of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will see that,
based upon the language of this bill, a resolu-
tion might be introduced giving the assent or
approval of Congress to the awards of this
commission without exciting attention and
appropriating in fact a large sum of money.
I think it would be better to strike out the
appropriation and leave that matter for the
future.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. ROSS. I do not see how the bill can
be construed as making an appropriation in
any sense whatever. All these claims have to
be submitted to Congress, with the judgment
of the Secretary of the Interior; and then it
will be in the discretion of Congress to decide
whether a dollar of appropriation shall be
made,- for Congress is to make appropriations
based on the awards of the Secretary. Really
the Secretary has the same power now that is
conferred on him by this bill; but this simpli-
fies and systematizes the matter so that he can
proceed in better order than he can now. One
object of this bill is to avoid in future the
ingral'tment upon our appropriation bills of
many claims of this character which come in
from year to year and every year. The object
is to systematize the matter so that such claims
can be paid under some sort of rule which
shall be known and uuderstood by Congress
when it shall be established by the Secretary
of the Interior.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the
bill 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
uoy in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio
must first move to reconsider the motion by
which the hill was ordered to a third reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I submit that
motion.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
now before the Senate and open to amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move to amend the
bill so as to provide that the judgment of the
Secretary and the evidence furnished shall
be submitted to Congress, striking out tho
appropriation. The Secretary can put it in
proper form.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clep.k. The amendment pro-
posed, if adopted, will make the bill read :
That it shall be the duty of tho Secretary of tho
Interior to cause to be investigated, under such rules
and regulations as he may establish, all alleged
claims tor property unlawfully taken in Kansas, or
for damages sustained ill said Slate by leason of
depredations committed without the bounds of any
Indian reservation; since the 1st day of January,
1860. by any of tho Indian tribes, or members thereof,
located in tho State of Kansas, with wlium treaties
of peace have been, or may hereafter be, made. It
shall also bo the duty of the Secretary to cause t.o be
investigated all claims made by any^uch Indian
tribes, or members thereof, for indemnity for spolia-
tions committed within any Indian reservation m
said Stato by white persons, not members of-such
tribe, sines the date aforesaid, and to report tlio
same to Congress, with the evidence taken m each
case, together with his judgment of its merits.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON. I move to amend the bill
by adding the words ''and Nebraska" where
ever the word "Kansas" occurs, inasmuch as
Nebraska is traversed by the same great thor-
oughfare, the one equal to it that traverses
the State of Kansas, and inasmuch as in file
matter of transportation and otherwise attacks
have been made upon trains, and upon the
property of citizens of the State, to as great
an extent, I think, as have occurred in our
sister State of Kansas. In order that our
claims, also arising from the same causes re-
ferred to in the bill, may be put upon a like
basis, 1 move that after the word "Kansas"
shall be inserted the words "and Nebraska,"
so that the investigation shall extend to claims
alike in both States.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
