m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. On motion of Mr. Ross, its title was
amended so as to read, UA bill to authorize
the Secretary of the Interior to cause to be
investigated claims arising from depredations
committed by or upon Indians in Kansas and
Nebraska."
recommendations to office.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
298) to relieve members of Congress from
importunity, and to preserve the independ-
ence of the different Departments of tho Gov-
ernment, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, to
the amendment reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary was to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause and to insert the following :
That hereafter it shall he unlawful for any mem-
ber of either House of Congress, or Delegate from a
Territory, verbally or in writing, to solicit, recom-
mend, or advise the President of the United States,
or any head of a Department, or of any bureau
thereof, to appoint any person to office or employ-
ment; and it shall bo unlawful for the President or
any head of a Department or bureau to make any
appointment so solicited, recommended, or advised
on the privity of the applicant; and any person who
shall violate this act shall be guilty ot a misdemeanor,
and, on conviction thereof, shall be lined not exceed-
ing SI,000: Provided, That this act shall not apply to
the action of Senators upon nominations submitted
by the President to the Senate, nor to any advice,
verbal or in writing, which may be offered at the
request, in writing, of the President, or any head
of a Department.
Theamendment of Mr. Morrill, of Vermont,
was to insert at the end of the reported amend-
ment " nor to any advice, verbal or in writing,
which may be offered at the request, in writing,
of the President or any head of a Department."
Mr. IIAllLAN. Is the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont susceptible of amend-
ment at this stage?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is an
amendment to an amendment, and therefore
cannot be amended.
Mr. IIAHLAN. It has not been unusual,
when an amendment was pending in the nature
of a substitute to a whole bill, to consider that
amendment as the bill itself. If this could be
treated in that way 
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objec-
tion be interposed the Chair will receive the
amendment,.
Mr. IIAHLAN. I suggest that the words
"in writing" be stricken out. If the Presi-
dent of the United States saw proper to make
an inquiry verbally of a Senator or member in
relation to a nomination that he contemplated
making, I think there would be 110 objection
to answering it. I will offer the amendment
at all events.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa proposes to strike out of the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont the
words "in writing."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Since discussion arose
upon this bill, and there were some objections
made to the portion of it that imposes a penalty
upon the President—that point, I think, was
made by the Senator from Indiana and others
who thought it unnecessary to go so far—I have
prepared an amendment which I think will
make the bill less objectionable. My object is
to begin to take a step, go as far as we can in
correction of what I think every member of
the Senate and the House agrees is a very great
abuse. If we can correct it, if we can devise
some practical mode of accomplishing the
object which all think it desirable to accom-
plish, much good will result. The great trouble
seems to be in arriving at a practical way of
doing it. The general bills to reform the civil
service by introducing a system of competitive
examination, contain a great many details, and
we have not been able to arrive at any agree-
ment in regard to them. I have prepared one
or two amendments to the phraseology of the
bill under consideration, and I will state how
it would read if these shauld be adopted, think-
ing that the bill in that shape will obviate
some objections that have been suggested. If
the -bill should be amended as I propose it
would read thus:
That hereafter itshall be unlawful forany member
of either House of Congress, or Delegate from a Ter-
ritory, directly or indirectly, to solicit, recommend,
or advise the President of the United States, or any
head of a Department, or of any bureau thereof, to
appoint any person to office or employment, except
it be iu writing in response to a written request
from the President or some head of a Department,
or by a Senator in giving his advice and consent in
the manner provided in tho Constitution ; and it
shaii be unlawful for the President or any head of
a Department or bureau to make any appointment
so solicited, recommended, or advised, on tbe priv-
ity of the applicant, and any member of Congress
or delegate from a Territory who shall violate this
act shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on con-
viction thereof, shall be fined not exceeding §1,000.
That would confine the penalty entirely to
members of Congress, and would not impose
any penalty on the President. It would authsr-
ize the President or any head of a Department
to ask information at any time and authorize
the person applied to to reply. I think it would
be a step iu the right direction, and I should
be very glad if we could accomplish that much.
I state this because there are two or three
amendments pending which are, as I think,
incongruous somewhat to the present amend-
ment offered by-the Senator from Vermont,
who I am sorry is not in his seat. It will be
seen that I have embodied in the provision I
have drawn the words "except by a Senator
in giving his advice and consent in the manner
provided in the Constitution." If the pending
amendment-should not be agreed to I will at
the proper time offer an amendment in the
language which I have just read to the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I had occa-
sion to make some remarks about this bill a
few days since. To those remarks the Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] replied
the day before yesterday; that is to say, he
replied to one branch of the argument only,
to that part which referred to the constitution-
ality of the bill. 1 submitted other arguments
to show that the bill ought not to be passed,
and I believe that to those suggestions the
Senator from Illinois did not reply. I will
discuss this bill, therefore, as if it were
amended in the manner now indicated by the
Senator from Illinois, its author. The only
change he makes in it is that if the Presi-
dent shall in writing request the opinion of a
Senator or Representative it may be given in
writing. He also makes it unlawful for the
President to appoint any person who has been
recommended by a Senator or Representative
with his privity ; but he confines the penalty
to the Senator or Representative, making it
unlawful, however, for the President to appoint
any person who has been recommended by a
member of Congress with his privity.
This bill is entitled, " A bill to relieve mem-
bers of Congress from importunity and to
preserve the independence of the several De-
partments of the Government." To relieve
members of Congress from importunity it is
proposed to fine them for being importuned 1
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will ob-
serve that an amendment is proposed to the
title of the bill. The title, as proposed to be
amended by the Committee on the Judiciary,
will read: "A bill to preserve the independ-
ence of the several Departments of the Gov-
ernment." The Senator will see theamend-
ment on the printed bill.
Mr. MORTON. I was not aware of that;
but I see now that it is so marked. The pro-
tection of members of Congress from impor-
tunity is abandoned. It seemed to me from
the first that the proposition to fine the persons
who were importuned was somewhat illogical.
It would be much more logical, it seemed to
me, to fine the persons that importuned them.
The Senator, in his speech the other day, as
I reviewed it in the Globe of yesterday, has,
unintentionally of course, failed in every in-
stance to present properly the positions which j,
I took. I am for reform in the civil service.
I am for practical, genuine reform. I believe
that some reforms can be made, and when they
are presented I shall vote for them with pleas-
ure. But I do not regard this as a reform.
Much that is called reform is spurious and sen-
sational. A proposition to fine members of
Congress for recommending to office—a right
that belongs to every citizen of the United
States—it strikes me is spurious reform.
Mr. President, a great deal of cheap popu-
larity has been acquired in the last two or three
years by an advocacy of what is called civil
service reform. A great many persons are
talking and writing about that who, I think,
scarcely understand what it means. At any
rate, the abuses to be reformed have been
greatly exaggerated. They are not so num-
erous, nor are they so flagrant as has been
represented by the Senator from Illinois.
A great deal is said in these times against
politicians, and it has been shown how beauti-
fully this Government would work if it was not
for the politicians; that the Government could
be run better without politicians than with
them ; and it seems to me to be somewhat fash-
ionable to denounce members of Congress as
corrupt. I must question the taste of the Sen-
ator from Illinois iu dealing in these general
and extensive charges against members of Con-
gress. They may be deserved in some cases,
but not generally. The cases where they are
deserved are the exceptions.
The Senator seems to consider that we can
enter upon an administration of the civil ser-
vice which would require perfection in human
nature, require men to be destitute of ambition,
of jealousy, of all the passions which ordin-
arily interfere with the proper administration
of Government. Sir, we shall never have such
an administration. It is not possible. We
must take human nature as it is. Plato's dream
of a republic can never be realized. It was
Utopian then ; it will always be Utopian.
The Senator says that he is in favor of organ-
izing the civil service so that officers shall be
appointed without regard to politics. I will
read what he said on that subject:
"What is the remedy for this state of things? A
civil service system has been proposed, one where
there should be competitive examinations, and un-
der which appointments should be made "without
regard to politics, end the best men should be sought
to discharge the duties of the respective offices to
which they might be appointed, I think if a sys-
tem of that kind could be devised it would be very
desirable that we should adopt it."
This is to extend to all the appointments
of the Government, as I understand, below
the grade of heads of Departments. That is
not distinctly stated in that paragraph, but I
gather that from other portions of the Sen-
ator's speech. Now, sir, to have appoint-
ments made without regard to politics will
suit our Democratic friends remarkably well
while they are not in power, but it would not
suit them one moment after they came into
power.
The Senator went on to state some of the
abuses which required this interference, and I
wish to call the attention of the Senate and
the country to them. He first said:
"Not only that, but the independence of the
Departments themselves is broken down by this offi-
cial influence that is exerted upon them by the mem-
bers of Congress. _ We are told that a moiety, th.it
less than halt, of the clerks who are einnloycd in
Washington can do the business. Why, then, have
we twice as many ? The late Secretary of the Inte-
riortells youitisbecausemembers of Congress insist
that one more shall be appointed: because, as Gen-
eral Dix says, in the post office at New York, per-
sons are appointed at the instigation of Senators,
and hold places, who make their appearance but
once a week. That is the abuse. If Congressmen
were entirely disconneotcdwith these appointments,
if they had no friends in the Departments, it' none
oi those who had rendered political service to them
were to be alfected by it, do you believe, sir, does
anybody believe, that we would sit here and allow
any Department of this Government to have twice
as many clerks as it needed?
" Do you believe that we would agree that the peo-
pleofthis country should be taxed to pay double the
amount necessary to perform the clerical duties of
this Government by the employment of worthless,
