1284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
the part of citizens of the United States to vote
as guarantied by our amended Constitution?
That is the whole of this quarrel, sir. I listened
to the gentleman's words here about the want
of " due process of law." There is nothing, I
respectfully submit, in this objection. It has
been decided by the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States long ago, and, so far as -I know, is
nota question by any intelligent jurist in Amer-
ica, that the words quoted by the gentleman
from your Constitution." due process of law"
simply mean the law of the land.
Mr. MAYHAM. I should like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. BINGHAM. Please excuse me at
present.
Mr. Speaker, the other objection is raised
here that officers charged with the perform-
ance of a very important duty, to wit, to
secure to the feeble, the aged, and infirm an
equal right with the strong and influential at
the ballot-box, when they go to choose Rep-
resentatives in Congress, shall, in case they
are forcibly resisted in the discharge of this
duty, be permitted to call upon the posse comi-
tatus to aid them. In order to do what? In
order to secure by the presence of the people
a decent respect to their own laws and silence
the cry of violence and force.
Mr. Speaker, this public opinion, which
manifests itself by the silent uprising of the
people in obedience to the express letter of
1.1'eir own law is mightier than arms. It is
because from the beginning it has been the
custom and right of the pe'ople to incorporate
just such language in their legislation that it
finds place in this twelfth section of this bill.
The provision is: if the officer charged with
the duty prescribed shall be forcibly resisted in
the execution thereof he shall summon to his
aid the people themselves. When the people
come in their might for the vindication of their
own rightful authority, the voice of the mob is
hushed into silence; the law speaks aud is
obeyed. That is, we are told, oppressive and
wrong! As obedience to law is the duty of
all, its enforcement, if need be, is surely aright
of the people.
My friend from Illinois [Mr. Logan] asked
me a question I was not then ready to answer.
I believe, on reflection, for every abuse and
wrong—and I mean by an abuse or wrong any-
thing not done by authority of law, but against
law to the injury of any citizen—ail these offi-
cials and their aiders would be answerable in
the tribunals of the United States aud within
the jurisdiction where the wrong is committed.
Still, sir, if it is the pleasure of this House to
strike out so much of the twelfth section as the
question raised by my honorable friend from
Illinois refers to I shall not complain of it,
for there will be enough of the section left to
answer the purpose and secure the enforce-
ment of the act.
The residue of this bill in its main features
has received the sanction and the very strong
vole of both branches of Congress. This is
only a change in detail of what is already on
the statute-book, save and except the last sec-
tion of the bill, which declares that hereafter
in all elections for Representatives of Congress
the vote shall be by ballot, written or printed,
anything in the law of any State to the con-
trary notwithstanding, and that the votes given
or recorded contrary to the provisions of this
section shall be of none effect.
The power thus to regulate is given to Con-
gress by the provision of the Constitution to
which I referred before, which declares that
Congress shall have power to alter the State
regulations as to the manner of holding elec-
tions for Congress. It is so interpreted by the
argument of Madison, from which I read. He
declared in that argument expressl>thatit was
deemed important to vest this power in the
Congress of the United States, whether the
vote should be viva, voce or by ballot.
Mr. Speaker, it is well enough l'or gentle-
men when they make these appeals to party
passion and party prejudice on this floor, and
all in the name of the people, to take notice
of this fact, that upon this question of the
mode of exercising the elective franchise in
the United States the American people have
almost already reached unanimity. They de-
clare that the ballot is the rightful way in
which to assert this power; that it will be
freer thereby from restraints; that the citizen
will be more likely to be enabled, unawed by
power, unrestrained by any influence what-
ever which for the time being may be present,
to pronounce his own best judgment in the
selection of Representatives in Congress.
What objection can there be to the ballot?
I want to know. It occurs to me that there
is but a single State in the Union to-day that
tolerates the old method of voting viva voce.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. COX. I would like to ask my friend,
when he seeks to make uniformity as to suf-
frage in this country, what sort of provision
he would make for Rhode Island, for instance,
where there is a real estate qualification of
$134 o*er and above all incumbrances; or
with reference to Massachusetts, where the
ability to read and write is a qualification ? I
would ask him, Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BINGHAM. That is all the gentleman
needs to say on that subject. I am speaking,
Mr. Speaker, upon another and different sub-
ject. The qualification of electors and the
manner of holding or conducting elections are
as distinct from each other as light and dark-
ness.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to a point of order. I
ask that gentlemen who are surrounding the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] shall
resume their seats.
The SPEAKER. The Chair requests gen-
tlemen to resume their seats. When.order is
restored the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] will proceed.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, it did not
occur to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] when he asked his question that the qual-
ifications of the elector and the manner of
holding or conducting an election are very
different things. The State prescribes the qual-
ifications of the electors, subject to the limita-
tion of the Constitution which I cited at the
outset, and subject, if you choose, to the other
general limitation that Congress shall guar-
anty a republican form of government. But
the manner of exercising this power by the
elector in the choice of Representatives to Con-
gress is the very power conferred by the Con-
stitution upon Congress, and which the framers
of the Constitution deemed essential to the
security and the stability of the national Gov-
ernment. That, sir, is the power we are assert-
ing here to-day.
We do not make registration laws by this
bill. We provide, however, in order that there
may be no abuse, no corruption, no fraud on
the part of the State officials in the execution
of the registration law, that there shall be at
the registration of electors for Representatives
to Congress Federal officers, chosen from the
opposing parties, and who shall also partici-
pate in conducting the election, simply to the
end that there may be fair play and the enjoy-
ment of equal rights under the laws of the
State. That is prescribing the -manner simply
in which the election shall be conducted.
The object of the bill is very manifest, and
in my judgment just as it is manifest. It is to
prevent, under the law and by virtue of the
law, any violation of the rights of the citizen by
fraud or corruption on the part of any one to
whom is intrusted the conduct of the election
or the registration of voters.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to call his attention to the fact that all these
marshals are not required to be of different or
opposing parties ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I am not speaking of the
marshals at present. The marshals are simply
to keep order and to protect the persons of
voters. I am speaking of the means provided
by this bill to secure an equal right to be regis-
tered and vote, where that right is acknowledged
both by the national Constitution and the State
law. I am speaking also of the other provision
of this bill which secures an honest acknowl-
edgment of the clearly expressed will of the
qualified electors at the election of Represent-
atives in Congress. I am speaking of tha whole-
some provisions of this law, in short, which by
wise and just enactments put an end, I hope
for ever in the future, to fraud and bribery and
intimidation and corruption on the part of
officials or hired interveners, when the people
assemble to elect their Representatives in Con-
gress.
As gentlemen choose to talk about an appeal
on this question from our action to the people,
I choose to strike hands with them and go to
the people on the question, shall we have
guarded aud sheltered by national law here-
after the rights of the people at elections,
their equal rights as secured by the national
and the State Constitutions in the choice of
national Representatives, and shall we have
the will of the people carried out after it is so
declared at the ballot-box by a fair count and
fair return ? I have no doubt, Mr. Speaker,
how that issue will terminate. Gentlemen
have taken npon themselves the role of proph-
ets, and have undertaken to tell us what sort
of a fate awaits us if we dare to adopt the
proposed legislation to protect the ballot-box
against bribery and fraud and perjury, and
to protect each citizen in his equal right with
every other citizen to vote, free of undue re-
straint or menace or intimidation, for national
Representatives. I believe, sir, that the people
are equal to the task of first requiring the
enactment of just such laws here, and of sus-
taining them elsewhere, at the ballot-box, by
their suffrages.
I am willing that the issue shall be made
up, and let the people speak upon this ques-
tion. The bill interferes with no reserved
rights of the States. If the States do not
choose to hold their elections on the same day
for mere State officials, be it so; but with
regard to the vote for Representatives in Con-
gress, I take it that the great majority of the
people of every State in the Union will admit
that the nation has a right to be represented
at every election for Congress by its own law
and by its own officials as well as the State.
I have given the words, the thoughtful words
of the makers of the Constitution in support
of that right. No law of any State by this
bill is in any manner wrongfully impaired.
Mr. COX. Will my friend say that the laws
of Massachusetts and Rhode Island are not
changed?
Mr. BINGIIAM. That question has noth-
ing to do with my position. It does not touch
the matter I am discussing. There is no law
of any State regulating an election which is not
left in full force and effect by this bill, save as
to the form of vote. It can hardly be claimed
that the State laws are impaired by the pro-
vision for Federal officers to be present at a
Federal election, when the Constitution grants
to Congress the power so to legislate, and so
provides because that power is essential to the
national Security and the national life.
Mr. Speaker, I believe I have occupied more
than the time which the House by its courtesy
extended to me. I am willing to submit this
question to the consideration of the House
without further remark, only regretting that I
was constrained by the very exigency of the
case to speak so hurriedly upon a question so
important to all the millions of the living
present and to the millions of the bereaftoi
in this country. Sir, if this beautiful fabric
of ours must perish aud go down in darkness
it will not be until that day comes when the
people will prove so false to themselves and
so false to the great trusts committed to their
