1896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE).
March 2,
words " the unexpended balance of former
appropriation being no longer available under
the provisions of the act of July 19, 1870."
Mr. COLE. That is a pretty good argu-
ment in the bill, but it has no business there.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to give notice that I
wish to reserve the amendment with regard to
the court-house at Wiiliamsport.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The notice will be en-
tered.
The next amendment was on page 48, sec-
tion three, line twenty-one, to strike out
" $70,000;" so that the clause will read :
For Whale's Back light-station: completing the
construction of the works at Whale's Back light-
station, Portsmouth, New Hampshire, any balances
that may remain unexpended ot the existing appro-
priation on June 30, 1871.
Tiie amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 48, section
three, line twenty-eight, to strike out "$30,000"
at the eud of the paragraph ; so that it will
read:
3?or Salem harbor light-station: completing the
three small lights at Salem harbor, Massachusetts,
any balances of the existing appropriation which
may be unexpended June 30,1871.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendmentwason page 48, section
three, lines thirly-four and thirty-five, to strike
out, " $17,931 43;" so that the clause will read:
For Plymouth, Duxbury, and Kingston light-sta-
tion: Completing the light-houso to mark the pier
at the harbor of Plymouth, Duxbury, and Kingston,
any balance of the existing appropriation that may
be remaining J un e 30,1871.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 49, section
three, line forty-eight, in the appropriation
for Race Rock light-station, to strike out
the words ''the unexpended balance having
reverted to the Treasury under act of June
12, 1870."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 40, sec-
tion three, line fifty-two, in the appropriation
for Penfiekl Reef light-station, to strike out the
words "in addition to any balance that may
remain June 30, 1871."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 4'J, sec-
tion three, line fifty-seven, in the appropri-
ation for Black Rock light-station, to strike
out the words "in lieu of appropriations
- reverted to the Treasury under act of July
12, 1870." j
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. McCREERY, (at eleven o'clock and
forty three minutes p. m.) Withaview of ascer-
taining the feelings of this house, I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Several Senators. No; no ; let us get
through with the bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 49, sec-
tion three, in line sixty-two, to strike out the
clause " for Flynn's Knoll light-station: com-
mencing the construction of a proper light-
house on Flvnn's Knoll, in the lower bay of
New York, $100,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 50, sec-
tion three, line seventy-two, to strike out the
words "purchase of sites and erecting beacon-
lights at Hockoling's Point, Red Hook, and
Pulpit Point, on the Hudson river, New York,
$2,000."
Mr. CONKLING. I do not understand why
that is stricken out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is merely repetition,
nominally increasing the appropriations.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I have no objec-
tion.
The amendment was agree'd to.
The next amendment was on page 51, sec-
tion three, line ninety-seven, in the appropri-
ation for Absecom light-station, to strike out
the words "in addition to any balance that
may remain unexpended June 30, 1871."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 51, sec-
tion three, line one hundred and two, in the
appropriation for Christiana beacon, to strike
out the words "in addition to any balance that
may be unexpeuded June 30, 1871."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 51, sec-
tion three, line one hundred and nine, in the
appropriation for Bodie's Island light-station,
to strike out the words "in addition to any
balance of the existing appropriation unex-
pended June 30, 1871."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 52, sec-
tion three, line one hundred and thirty-seven,
in the appropriation for Alligator Reef light-
station to strike out the words "in addition
to any unexpended balance that may remain
June 30, 1871."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page54, section
three, line one hundred and seventy-one, in
the appropriation for Trinity Shoals light-sta-
t.ion, to strike out the words "in place of a
former appropriation for Shell keys, destroyed
by a tornado."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 54, section
three, line one hundred and seventy-eight, in
the appropriation for Swash light-station, to
strike out the words "original appropriation
reverted to the Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 54, section
three, line one hundred and eighty-one, in the
appropriation for Matagorda light-station, to
strike out the words "funds for reestablishing
lights on the southern coast reverted to the
Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 56, section
three, line two hundred and twenty, in the
appropriation for Spectacle Reef light-station,
to strike out the words " in addition to any
unexpended balance that may remain June 30,
1871."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 50, section
three, after line two hundred and twenty-three,
to strike out the words " for the construction
of a light-house on Anacapa Island, off the
coast of California, $85,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 56, sec-
tion three, line two hundred and twenty-seven,
in the clause making appropriations for fog
signals on the lakes, to strike oat the words,
"the balance of the appropriation which
reverted to the Treasury under act of July
12, 1870."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. There was an appropri-
ation, struck out jast now, for a light-house on
Anacapa Island, on the coast of California,
which I desire to have reserved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
noted and reserved.
The next amendment was on page 57, sec-
tion three, line two hundred and fifty-three,
to reduce the appropriation for Huron Island
light-station from $3,000 to $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was on page 57, sec-
tion three, after line two hundred and fifty-nine,
to make the clause for Duluth light-station read
as follows:
For Duluth light-station: erection of a beacon-
light and dwelling for the keeper on Lake Superior,
at the terminus of the Northern Pacific railroad,
Minnesota, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 58, sec-
tion three, after line two hundred and sixty-
three, to strike out the clause " for Detroit de-
pot; commencing the construction of an oil-
vault, vault, and fire-proof storehouse at the
lighthouse depot, Detroit, Michigan, $35,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 59, sec-
tion three, after line two hundred and ninety-
one, to insert "for a life-saving station on
Narragansett Beach, Rhode Island, under acts
approved July 20, 1868, and March 3, 1869,
$7,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out the fourth
section of the bill, in the following words:
Sec. 4. That whenever it shall be shown to the
satisfaction of the Secretary of the Treasury that
parties are entitled to refund of duties under the
twenty-sixth section of the act of July 14.1870, and
joint resolution approved January 30,1871, it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of tbeTreasury to draw
his warrant upon the Treasury, directing said Treas-
urer to refund the same out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page GO, sec-
tion five, line seven, after the words " German
empire," to strike out the words " and when
the appointments hereby authorized have been
made, the mission to Prussia and the North
German Union shall bo discontinued so
that the section will read :
Sec. 5. That there be appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of $17,500 for the salary of an envoy extra-
ordinary a.nd minister plenipotentiary, and $2,500
for the salary of a secretary, and $1,800 for that of
an assistant secretary of legation to the German
empire.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This com-
pletes the amendments of the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to reserve that
last amendment. I think there should be
some reason given for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reserved.
Mr. SAWYER. I have an amendment to
offer from the Committee on Appropriations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
received first, according to the custom of the
Senate.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as section six :
That in consideration of the services rendered by
the Sisters of Our Lady of Mercy, of Charleston,
South Carolina, to the sick and wounded Union
officers and soldiers while said city was under bom-
bardment during the war, there be paid to them out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of $-20,000, to be expended under the
direction of Sister M. Zavier, in rebuilding their
orphan asylum in said city.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope that amend-
ment will not be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was not agreed to
in committee, as far as I know.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, we agreed to it.
Mr. SAWYER. I understood the commit-
tee agreed that it should be inserted in the
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I certainly did not know
they had.
Mr. SCOTT. This amendment raises a ques-
tion which has been very much discussed in
the Senate. It is simply a question whether
property destroyed by the operations of the
war in actual conflict shall be paid for. I do
not wish to enter into any extended debate
upon the question, but simply to state to the
Senate the two principles that are involved in
this amendment that we may dispose of them.
I hold in my hand a pamphlet which contains
the history of this case, and states clearly that
the hospital which is the subject of the claim
here was destroyed by the bombardment of
Charleston. It is true that the Sisters of Mercy
who bad that hospital in charge nursed, as was
their profession and vocation to do, the Union
