1898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
woman in Vermont was battered down by Fed-
eral cannon under such circumstances, or any
where else?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you want an answer
now?
Mr. THURMAN. Any time you please.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, Mr. President, there
is more than one house in the State of Ver-
mont which has been battered down by this
terrible war, the bouse that contains the hus
band, the father, the son, the brother ; every
house almost in the State of Vermont has been
battered down ; and instead of mere clay and
mortar and wood life-blood has flowed out of
it; and we do not make any claim upon the
Government. Wehave done our duty simply.
There may be some in Ohio, possibly not the
Senator's friends, not mine, in Vermont, but
many in Ohio, some in the party of my friend,
many, perhaps, in my party—it is no party
matter. But, sir, if you are to make a pecu-
niary recompense or healing for the woes of
this war, which come from it by bombardment
which overthrows a house, why not for that
which by the bullet or the bomb-shell destroys
life, more valuable than any property in the
world? You have failed in such an effort.
There is nothing you can do to replace such
losses; and he, therefore, who undertakes to
pay the Sisters of Mercy of South Carolina for
the house that they had, that in the heat and
conflict and warfare has been destroyed, be-
cause they have been the ministers of mercy
to suffering men, undertakes to put them on
a level and a platform above and higher than
that of all the citizens of the United States
who have contributed more holy, more valu-
able things than these houses and hospitals
which have been bombarded.
- There is the difference, sir; there is the dis-
tinction ; and every man who has a heart in
his body, as my friend has, and a soul and an
intelligence in his brain, cannot fail to under-
stand it. This claim, therefore, for recompense
because the property of these people held in
a southern State which was in the heat and
conflict of war has been destroyed, resting
upon the simple ground that they in their indi-
vidual and benign capacity ofSisters of Mercy,
for whom 1 have the greatest admiration, have
ministered to our soldiers as well as to those
of the enemy alike, stands upon a shameful
and mischievous sham. That is the truth about
it. Now, sir, this is a private claim and noth-
ing else, and I make the point of order that it
is so.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will first rule on the point of order which the
Senator from Vermont raises. In the opinion
of the Chair this is a private claim, " In con-
sideration of services rendered" it directs so
much money to be paid out of the Treasury.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I am
very sorry that the Senator from Vermont has
on two or three occasions made a speech and
then moved to lay a proposition on the table
at the end of his speech ; and he now makes a
speech and raises a point of order that pre-
cludes debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ruling
of the Chair does not preclude debate. The
Chair is very liable to err, and will be very
happy to be corrected if he is in error.
Mr. THURMAN. But debate is allowed
only on the question of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate on
the question of order is allowed if the decision
of the Chair is appealed from.
Mr. POMEROY. At the request of the
Senator from South Carolina I renew an amend-
ment which was offered by him to insert—
For the erection of a building for the Bureau of
Engravingand Printing of the Treasury Department,
to oe located near said Department buildings, and
built upon plans which shall insure its completion
for the sum hereby appropiiated, $200,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is this an
original amendment?
Mr. POMEROY. This is an amendment
to the bill based on an estimate of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to see the
evidence of that.
Mr. SAWYER. I was about to appeal on
the point of order from the decision of the
Chair. I have the utmost respect for the
decision of the Chair, but I wish to submit the
fact that the proposition I moved is not a pri-
vate claim. I desire to place that point before
the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask my friend from South
Carolina upon what law it is based?
Mr. SAWYER. Upon the law of charity.
Mr. HAMLIN. Is that the basis of appro-
priation bills ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from South Carolina appeals from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator from Mich-
igan will withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator re-
new it?
Mr. COLE. I will give way to the Senator
to renew it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I insist upon my mo-
tion unless the Senator will agree to renew it.
Mr. COLE. I wish barely to make a sug-
gestion. We are through now with the amend-
ments of the Committee on Appropriations,
and I should like to have the bill reported to
the Senate, and then to-morrow, if there are
amendments to be offered, let them be pre-
sented. I hope none others will be offered;
but if gentlemen wish to present them, they
can do it to-morrow. I hope that course will
be pursued, that the bill be reported to the
Senate and that we proceed to vote upon the
questions as they arise.
Mr. CHANDLER. I renew my motion that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. NYE. I wish to be allowed to ask a
question.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; I withdraw
the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed that there are some reserved
amendments.
Mr. COLE. To be voted on in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No; they
are to be acted upon in Committee of the
Whole. They were merely passed over for
the time being.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I send an amendment
to the Chair.
Mr. BAYARD. I have an amendment to
offer.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have an amendment
which I should like to offer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ments passed over will be acted on before other
amendments are received.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the bill had bet-
ter be reported to the Senate.
Mr. NYE.^ I have two or three amendments
to offer to this bill, and I wish to ask whether
if I do not offer them to-night I can offer them
to-morrow ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That de-
pends upon whether the bill shall be disposed
of to-night or not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do notthitk
the Senate understand the request made by the
Senator from California. If the Senate under-
stood it, I am sure it would be acceded to. All
that he asks is to have the bill reported to the
Senate and then all gentlemen will have the
same right to offer their amendments, or to re-
serve votes upon any amendments, that they
would have in Committee of the Whole.
Several Senators. Let us do that.
Mr. COLE. I would add to that, that I
supposed these reserved amendments were
reserved to be voted on in the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. No; they must be voted
onwhen we concur, in the Senate. I have no
objection to the bill being reported to the Sen-
ate if the reserved amendments can be retained
until to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those amend-
ments have not-been acted on in committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish to reserve the amend-
ment relating to the St. Paul custom-house.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let them all
be reserved.
Mr. COLE. No, only particular ones.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ All the
amendments of the committee are disposed of.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask a question
of the Chair? I want to understand this
arrangement. Will it be in order in the Sen-
ate to move to strike out portions of this
bill?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those por-
tions that have not been adopted in committee ;
and those can be stricken out if the question
on them is reserved.
Mr. CHANDLER. I renew the motion
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I want my amendment
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan moves that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HAMLIN. Has the bill been reported
to the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not.
Mr. COLE. I hope we shall wait until it is
reported to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Michigan insist ou his motion?
Mr. CHANDLER. I do.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 28, noes 14; and the Senate (at
twelve o'clock and thirty minutes) adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 3, 1871.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, -Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D. '
The Journal of yesterday was read in part,
when
Mr. DAWES moved that the further reading
of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it not in order to move
to suspend the rules so as to dispense with the
further reading of the Journal?
The SPEAKER. That could have been
done yesterday, but the motion would not be
in order now.
The Journal having been read, was approved.
message fkom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Stmp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate had further insisted on its amendments,
disagreed to by the House, to the bill (H. R.
No. 2524) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1872,
had agreed to the further conference asked by
the House, and appointed as conferees on the
part of the Senate Mr. Edmunds, Mr. Harlan,
and Mr. Davis.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 1S27) to create ports of
delivery at Eureka and Wilmington in Cali-
fornia, and provide for the appointment of
deputy collector of Vallejo, California, and to
abolish the office of surveyor of said port;
An act (S. No. 918) for the relief of the East
Tennessee University ; and
An act (S. No. 1294) to authorize the pro-
mulgation of the general regulations for the
government of the Army.
The message also requested that the House
return to the Senate the bill (H. R. No. 2860)
making appropriations for the construction,
preservation, and repairs of certain fortifica-
tions and other works of defense.
The message also announced that the Seriate
