460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
Mr. President, not only have I referred to
the example of the late Secretary of the Inte-
rior, when he was himself in office and had
the responsibilities of office, but I might refer
to the report made by the Secretary of the
Treasury, Mr. Boutwell, and the reduction in
force by Mr. Boutwell and by Mr. Cox, both
beginning at the same time as heads of Depart-
ments. The Treasury Department and the
Interior Department came to Mr. Boutwell
and Mr. Cox from Johnson's administration,
not the most economical in the world. I am
inclined to think that there were more persons
employed in the Departments under his ad-
ministration than were required, and allow me
to say that is an abuse you can never correct.
Why? Because the number of persons required
to be employed must be determined by the
heads of Departments, under this or any other
system. They are to judge under any system
you can adopt. I do not care how the clerks
may be examined or how recommended, if the
Secretaries choose to employ more than are
required it is an abuse that you cannot correct
by legislation, only by changing the officers.
The evil complained of by the Senator is not
to be removed by his proposition at all. It
will exist as well under the system he proposes
as under the present system, because, after all,
it must be left to the head of the Department
or to the head of the bureau to say how many
shall be employed or how many are needed,
and if he, out 01 favoritism to his friends or his
relations, or from any other cause, chooses to
employ more than are required, the abuse will
be just the same that it is under the present
system. Sir, J believe there were more em-
ployed in t.he Treasury Department nnder the
late Administration than were required. And
now I will read what Mr. Boutwell said in his
first report on that subject:
"lit March histdSGO) there wove employed in ihe
Treasury Department at Washington tweuty-cisht
hundred ami ltirt.y-eifilit cleiks, messengers, and la-
1)01 (■] S, at a inoni hlv cost of 51. At present
the whole number ol m:,m employ^ is twenty-four
hundred and lor!v-oue, ami their monthly pay
amounts to 8-i, ilunvuis a decrease of ex-
penses at the rate uf ui pur aunuai. It was
Jound necessary, hou evet, iiuiinsi the penod men-
tioned, to increase the >orce in the intet tia! revenue
ollh.e and ei the olhce of tin: Kust Oouiptioiler. This
increase, m the aggregate, is at the rate of $80,440,
per annum. This statement does not relate to the
force employed 111 the -Bureau ot Engraving and
printing."
While Mr. Boutwell found it in his power to
dismiss four hundred and forty-seven clerks,
and has made no gn-at pretensions to civil
service reform after all, we find the number of
clerks in the Ulterior Department diminished
one duiing the adonnistiation of the late Sec-
retary of the Interior.
The Senator complains, too, in his statement
that there are a lur^e number of incompetent,
and worthless cieiks empioj-ed. fs that true?
[ submit that the Senator fiom Illinois is mis-
taken, that that too is a gross exaggeration,
It ought no! to go to the country unlt-ss there
is some evidence of its being true. There are
incompetenteieiks; nodoubt aboutthat. There 1
always w<ll be, and you cannot "provide any '
system under which now ami then ati ineom- I
petent clerk will noteut;u- these Departments; 1
but 1 make a statement which I believe to be !
true, that the civil service of this Government I
now is conducted as well as any civil service !
in the world where there are an equal number
of clerks employed.
I believe the clerks here as a general thing
are as competent, as well qualified, and men
of as good character as eau be found in any
other country, and a« have been found too in
any former Administration here. I believe the
civil service of this Government is now carried
on as wei!, and perhaps better, than at any
former period of our history. We have gone
on improving and reforming in one particular
and in another particular, and this civil service
is getting better from ye u- to year; but it is
not l.-ee from ik-loe's. Utiles refurms cairbe
made, no doubt, and I stand ready to vote for
them; but I stand here in defense of this great
body of men, to say that a large portion of
them are not worthless and incompetent, as
charged by the Senator from Illinois. I will
road what he said about that:
"Do you believe that we would agree that the peo-
ple of this country should be taxed to pay double the
amount necessary to perform the clerical duties of
this Govern meat by the employment of worthless,
incompetent, and supernumerary clerks, if wo, had
no connection with their appointment?"
Upon this subject allow rue to read what the
Secretary of the Treasury said in his last
report. I call the attention of the Senator to
this statement:
"In justification of the present tenure, and as a
proper recognition ot the services of the oliicers and
clerks employed in this Department, I express the
opinion that the business, upon the whole, is not
only done in a satisfactory manner, but that it will
compare in accuracy and efficiency with the business
ot the country generally which is carried on by cor-
porations or individuals."
What evidence have we that the business is
not well done in this Department? Has any
proof been offered by the Senator or by any-
body else, or even by the late Secretary of the
Interior, that the business is not well done—
as well done as it ever was, and as well done
as it is in any other country? A system that
might be appropriate to Great Britain would
not be appropriate here; our institutions are
different. In England the tenure of office in the
civil service is for life. They hold their offices
during good behavior; that is to say, during
life. Can we adopt the life tenure here?
Why, sir, ten thousand men in this city hold-
ing office for life would form a privileged class
that would revolutionize the very foundation
principle of this Government. We have but
one life tenure under our Constitution, and if
we had it to make over again we would not have
that. I refer to the Supreme Court of the
United States. An experience of seventy-five
years has shown that the reason which induced
the incorporation of the life tenure in the or-
ganization ot that court is not a good one ; it
has failed; and we would not now reestablish it.
Certainly we would not apply the life tenure lo
seven or ten thousand men in the employment
of the Government, and place them beyond
the ordinary responsibilities that men in office
are placed under. If a man has an office for
life it takes a very serious cause to get him
out. An ordinary delinquency, an ordinary
neglect or abuse or failure is never sufficient
to oust a man who holds an office for life. No,
sir, we cannot afford to adopt the English
system under any circumstances; it is anti-
republican ; it is contrary to the fundamental
principles of this Government ; and yet the
Senator held up to us the beauties ot the Eng-
lish system!
Sir, what is the fact there? Are the English
cletks better qualified than those in our De-
partments arc? Front the evidence I have,
they are not: but they have one quality that
our cleiks have not got; that is, they have ''the
insolence of office" that results from a life
tenure. I could refer to facts on tills point.
You iiave all read Little Dorrit by Dickens,
where he described the Circumlocution Office
and the Somerset House, and everybody rec-
ognized the picture as being drawn from life,
in which he shows "the insolence of office"
resulting from the life tenure. No, sir, we do
not want that.
I have said this much in vindication of the
heads of Departments and of the heads of bu-
reaus, and in vindication of the character and
qualifications of the clerks themselves. I do
not. suppose the Senator from Illinois intended
to do injustice, but I teil him these charges are
grossly unjust, both to the officers and'to the
clerks themselves.
Mr. Boutwell, I believe, has given his opin-
ion too in regard to the question of the tenure.
Here is what the Secretary says, and I call the
attention of the Senate to it. After making
certain other statements, and giving- statistics,
he says :
" These statements show that the changes in the
Department arc not so numerous as to deprive the
service of tile knowledge derived from expeiicuce.
On the other hand, the introduction of new men se-
cures additional energy and efficiency. Two errors
prevail in the community in connection with the
subject. One is that under a republican Govern-
ment every man has a right to an office. This is in
no sense true. The only light is that of the people
to elect and to have appointed to office persons best
qualified to perform the work."
Again:
" I am also fully convinced that any more perma-
nent tenure of office would materially impair ihe
elliciency of the revenue system. There are many
thousand men employed in the customs and i litem.tl
revenue service, and, however careful the prelim-
inary examination might be, the evils which now
impair its efficiency would undoubtedly evi.-t. No
system of examination could exclude all thn.-e who
are dishonest, or who, under the piessurc ot ac-os-
sity or the oflcr of sudden wealth, miaht yield to
temptation. It often happens, and it would happen
under any system, that men ;u o found who are hon-
est, temperate, and apparently capable, and yet lack
the energy or the courage essential to the enlorce-
nieutof the revenue laws, a duty which often requires
sagacity and a kind of intelligence too subtile for
discovery through formal questions. Men who are
thus unqualified should be lomoved from office, and
this without an investigation, which, indeed, might
furnish nothing tangible in justification of the act."
I am not arguing against competitive ex-
aminations; I am in favor of them ; but they
are not infallible by any means. Men may
pass an examination, and a first-rate exam-
ination, and yet be utterly unqualified for the
position. How does it happen so often that
the young men who graduate at law schools
and carry off the first prizes fail in the prac-
tice o( tiie law? So in regard lo medicine.
And how often does it happen that those who
take the honors of the class at West Point do
not succeed upon the field of battle or m the
Army? You can adopt no system that will
guard against the exceptional cas«s that were
referred to by the Senator from Illinois.
Now, Mr. President, we have a statute which
provides for these examinations; it's an old
one; and I beg leave to refer lo it to show that
this system of competitive examinations is not
new. We have had it ever since 18o3, though
a good many people do not teem to know that
fact. I will read Irom the act of Match 3,13-jd :
"Xo clerkshall be appointed ia either of tho four
classes until after he lias been examined and louod
qualified by a board, to consist of three examiners,
one of them to be the chief of tho bureau or olfice
into which ho is to be appointed, aud the two otln-is
to be selected by«fhe head of the Depart meat row-bich
the said clerk will be assigned. Nor shall any clerk
in the Departments herein named receive any other
salary or money for extra services than tl o sum or
sums specified in this section. a.t any tune after this
section has been executed by a classiilcatio i of the
clerks as it prescribes.''
For seventeen years the Departments have
been administered under the operation of this
law ; and yet under this very system incompe-
tent aud worthless cleiks, it is said, exist, in
great numbers in the Departments. Against
the statement of the Senator I'lom Illinois I
put the testimony of the Secretaries themselves,
and against the statement of the Secretary
of the Interior I pat his own practice. If
he made that statement, then, according to it,
there were twice the number of clerks in the
interior Department when he went there that
were required. And yet there was but one less
when he left than when he entered the Depart-
ment.
The Senator from Illinois said tho other day
that for ihe first fifty years of this Government
members of Congress did not recommend ap-
pointments to the President. I confess 1 was
astonished to hear that statement. Of course
the Senator believes it to be true; but! do not.
I think *he is mistaken, f do not think the
evidence can be furnished to establish that
statement, i remember inathe quoted a letler
from Mr. "Wirt, saying that, membeis of Con-
gress ought not to interfere in appointments ;
bat },Ir. Wirt did not say that they had not
done so. On the contrary, the implication was
that they h;id,,rmd that Mr. Wirt reprobated the
practice, Thai was the inference to be drawn
from the fetter relerred to by the Senator,
hy. ; ihiSpiacfice of Kjcmiunendjitiuns by
members of Congress has existed from the
