1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
had agreed to the amendment of the House to
the bill (S. No. 881) granting lands to aid the
construction of a railroad from the western
boundary of Minnesota, at the junction of the
Sioux Wood river, with the Red River of the
North, to the Winnipeg district of British
America.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed House bill of the following
title, with amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 2995) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for the
fiscal years ending June 30, 1870, and June BO,
1871, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, House bills of
the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 2396) for the relief of
James J. Hiles, late a private in the third Mis-
souri cavalry;
An act (H. R. No. 2906) for the recovery
of damages for the loss of the sloop-of-war
Oneida;
An act (H. R. No. 2959) to regulate the
grade of Maryland avenue from the end of the
Long bridge to Twelfth street; and
An act (H. R. No. 3048) to authorize the
establishment of certain free public highways
in the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses.
fortification appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The Senate has, in the
message just received by the House, requested
the return of the bill (H. R. No. 2860) mak-
ing appropriations for the construction, pres-
ervation, and repairs of certain fortifications
and other works of defense. If there be no
objection, the request of the Senate will be
complied with.
There was no objection ; and the return of
the bill was accordingly ordered.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask unanimous con-
sent that Senate amendments to tha. bill (H.
R. No. 2995) making appropriations to supply
. deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal years end-
ing June 30, 1870, and June 30, 1871, and for
other purposes, be taken from the Speaker's
table and non-concurred in, and a conference
asked with the Senate.
There being no objection, it was ordered
accordingly.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and submit the following conference
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses oil the amendments to the
hill (H. E. No. 2524) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses ot the
Government for the year ending June 30,1872, Sav-
ing met, after full and free conference have been
unable to agree. H.L.DAWES,
W. S. HOLMAN,
S. S.BCEDE'fT
Managers on the part of the House.
J?. A. SAWYER,
' JOSTIN S. MORRILL,
JOIIN W. JOHNSTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, before moving
for a, new committee of conference it seems to
this committee that the House should keep in
mind one thing, and that is that the amend-
ments over which the difference arises do not
legitimately and properly belong to an appro-
priation bill, and that they are insisted upon
by the other branch, which cannot originate
these appropriation bills at all. I hope the
new committee which may be appointed will
bear in mind that if this bill fails at all it will
be because the other branch insists upon put-
ting on appropriation bills items which really
do not belong to them, items which involve no
principle at all, items about which there may
be with great propriety diversity of opinion
and which may as well be considered in a
future Congress as now. It is upon such ques-
tions that a bill containing $18,000,000 for the
support of the Government will be imperiled
to-day. I move a new conference, with the
understanding, which is due in courtesy to the
Senate, which has appointed an entirely new
committee, that an entirely new committee
will be appointed on the part of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House ordered a new committee
of conference; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to present a report
from a committee of conference.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of introducing a resolution.
The SPEAKER. That cannot interrupt a
report of a committee of conference. A con-
ference report is of higher privilege than a
suspension of the rules. By reference to the
Manual the gentleman will see that a confer-
ence report will interrupt a roll-call or even a
motion to adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is under the rules
which I move to suspend.
The SPEAKER. It is a long-established
usage, essential to the good understanding of
the two branches of Congress. Conference
reports on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses are of the highest privilege known to
parliamentary law.
southern pacific railroad.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask for the reading of
the conference report I have submitted.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
vote of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 647) en-
titled "An act to incorporate the Texas Pacihe
Railroad Company and to aid in the construction
of its road, and for other purposes,' having met,
after full and free conference, have recommended,
and do reoommend to their respective Houses as
f°Thatthe Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendments of the House, and do concur m
the same with the following amendments thereto,
"inlineone, section one, strike out "Southern"
and insert" Texas." , ,,
In section two, line six, strike out bouthern
and insert ".Texas." , „
In section three, line two, strike out Southern
and insert "Texas." , „ ,
In section four, line two, strike out bouthern
and insert " Texas." „
In section six, lino seven, strike out bouthern
and insert" Texas." , ,
In line thirteen, same section, make same change.
In section seven, line one, make same change.
In section nine, line four, make same change.
In section eleven, line one, make same change.
In section fifteen, line one, make same change.
In section fifteen, line four, make same change.
In section fifteen, line eight, make same cbange.
In section fifteen, line ten, make same changc.
lnsection fifteen, line fourteen, make same change.
In section seventeen, line one, make samechange.
In section nineteen, line one, make same change,
In section twenty, line four, make same change.
In section twenty-one, line two, make same
C^Strtke out so much of the House amendments as
reads as follows, it being the last clause of said
amendments, namely: Ametnitt|_V,iL0™ PoHfl J
will read, 'An act to incorporate the Southern Paeihc
Railroad Company and to aid m the construction of
its road, and for other purposes..
lnsection one, line twenty-eight, of Senate bill,
for "John S. Sprague" insert John T. Sprague;
and in line thirty-one, same section, tor J. b.
Williams" insert "J. T. Williams. ... ,
Strike out the twenty-third section of said amend-
ments being in tbe following words, namely:
SEC.'23. And be it further enacted. That this act shall
be in force from and after its passage. #
In section one of said amendments, m line twelve,
strike out the words "on the eastern boundary of the
8 AnYonTthe fiheenth lino of same section strike out
fhp words " the route known as. _
And in same section, line thirteen, after the word
" Marshall." insert the following:
County of Harrison, State of Texas; thence by
Airppt and eligible route, to be determined
by said c <fmp any!n ear 111 e thirty-second parallel of
nnrth latitude, to a point at or near El Paso, thence
bv the most direct and eligible route, to be selected
by said company, through New Mexico and Arizona,
to a point on the Rio Colorado at or near the south-
eastern boundary of the State of California; thence
by the most direct and eligible route to San Diego,
California.
In section two, linetwenty, after the word there-
on," insert tbefollowing: "inmoneytothetrerisurer
to be elected by said commissioners, who shall give
bond for its safe-keeping, and paymentto the treas-
urer of the company when organized.'
In section thirteen, line two, of said amendments,
after the word " annually " insert the words " by the
1st day of July;" and at the end of said seetion
thirteen insert the following: .
And further, the names and residences of the
stockholders, of the directors, and of all other offi-
cers of the company, the amount of stock subscribed,
and the amount thereof actually paid in; a descrip-
tion of the lines of road surveyed and fixed upon
for construction: the* amount received from pas-
sengers, and for freight, respectively, on the road; a
statement of the expenses of-said road and its fix-
tures; and a true statement of the indebtedness of
said company, and the various kinds thereof.
Inscrtas an additional section, after section twenty-
one of said amendments, the following section: '
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That the jRew
Orleans, Baton Rouge, and Vicksburg Railroad Com-
pany, chartered by the State of Louisiana,, snail
have the right to connect by the most eligible route,
to be selected by said company, with the said Texas
Pacific railroad at its eastern terminus, and shall
have the right of way through the public land to the
same extent granted hereby to the said Texas Pa-
cific Railroad Company ; and in aid of its construc-
tion from New .Orleans to Baton Rouge, thence by
the way of Alexandria, in said State, to connect "with
the said Texas Pacific Railroad Company at its east-
ern terminus, there is hereby granted to said com-
pany, its successors and assigns, the same number
of alternate sections of public lands per mile, in the
State of Louisiana, as are by this act granted in the
State of California to said Pacific Railroad Com-
pany ; and said lands shall be withdrawn frpm mar-
ket, selected, and patents issued therefor and opened
for settlement and preemption upon the same terms
and in the same manner and time as is provided,
for and required from said Texas Pacific Railroad
Company within said State of California; Provided,
That said company shall complete the whole of said
road within five years from the passage of tbis act.
Insert the following additional section after the
last preceding: , , _t .. * xt.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted* That for the par-
pose of connecting the Texas Pacific railroad vita
the city of San Francisco, the Southern Pacific Kail-
road Company of California is hereby authorized
(subject to the laws of California) to construct a
line of railroad irom a point at or near iehachapa
pass, by way of Los Angeles, to the lexas Pucifie
railroad, at or near the Colorado river,.with tbe
samerights, grants, and privileges, andsubject to the
same limitations, restrictions, and conditions as were
granted to said Southern Pacific Railroad Company
of California by the act of July 27,1866; Provided,
however. That this section shall in no way affect
or impair the rights, private or prospective, ot tbo
Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company, or any
other railroad company. ^ WHEELER,
JOHN A. LOGAN,
W. C. SHERROD,
Managers on the part of the House.
J. M. HOWARD.
J. W. FLANAGAN,
1VM. P. KELLOGG,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
committee ok conference.
The SPEAKER. The committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2509) to abol-
ish the offices of Admiral and Vice Admiral
in the Navy having been unable to agree, and
a new conference having been ordered, the
Chair appoints, as conferees on the part of the
House, Mr. Starkweather of Connecticut,
Mr. Jcd  of Illinois, and Mr. Van Tbitmp of
Ohio.
southern pacific railroad,
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the committee of confcrence on the
Southern Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. WHEELER. It will be seen by the
report which has just been read that one of
the branches in the original Senate bill has
been adopted by the conference committee.
This is what is known as the New Orleans
branch, running from the city of New Orleans
to Marshall, Texas, about three hundredmiles.
It is contended, with great force, that this
Southern Pacific road should connect directly
with a sourthern port. It is alleged also tha^
this branch will be of great service in the con-
struction of the main line, and of great benefit
to the commerce of the country.
In addition to this branch the Southern Pa-
cific of California is authorized to extend its
line from the thirty-fifth parallel, to which it
