1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
very beginning of this Government. Attention
was not called to it perhaps until very recently.
The number of officers to be appointed was
very small then compared with what it is now.
The crowd, great now, was small then ; bat
the practice was the same. Our fathers, for
whom I have great reverence, were governed
by the same motives that govern men in these
days. I know that I was brought up to believe
that our revolutionary lathers were a race of
men the like of whom had never been in the
world and never would be again. But when I
came to read their history, their correspond-
ence, their biographies, I became satisfied that
they were governed by like passions with our-
selves. Sir, they recommended appointments
just as we do; bin they liad not nearly so
many to recommend. I do not refer to that
except in answer to the statement that for the
first fifty years of this Government members
of Congress did not recommend persons for
appointment.
But the Senator refers to the crowd of office-
seekers that haunt members of Congress and
that haunt the anterooms of the White House.
I ask him, ifhe changes the system, if he makes
it a penal offense for a member of Congress to
recommend anybody for office, how that will
diminish the number of office-seekers? Will
that cut off the ambition of men all over (his
country? Will they be any less desirous of
office than they arc now? Certainly not. And
if they cannot apply to a Senator or .Repre-
sentative they will comehere themselves; and
the crowd of office-seekers will be greater than
it is now. Why, Air. President, appointments
have got to be made; this Government has got
to be carried on ; and the thousands of offices
have got to be filled. There will be competi-
tion lor them, as there always has been. Men
will come in droves just as they always have
done. If they cannot present their applica-
tions through members of Congress they will
go up in an army to the White House and seek
to do it themselves; and if they cannot get
admission they will seek to do it through gen-
tlemen who open brokeis' offices here for the
purpose of securing appointments, and who
secure appointments for money, just as lawyers
secure patents for fee). This work has got to
be carried on ; appointments have got to be
made. They must be recommended by some-
body ; they must be presented by somebody ;
and how does the Senator propose to get clear
of the office-seekers by making it a penal
offense for a member of Congress to recom-
mend a man?
But the Senator says that officers ought to be
appointed without regard to politics. When-
ever you can carry on this Government with-
out regard to politics that doctrine will do.
But this is a Government of the people and a
Government of public opinion, in which the
mass of the people take a deep interest, as
they do not in England and in countries on
the continent of Europe. Just so long as the
character of this Government continues as it
is appointments will continue to bo made wi'h
reference to politics; and 110 system can be
devised that will prevent it. I do not care how
many competitive examinations you institute,
or whether you make the tenure for life or a
tenure for ten years, you cannot change that
thing unless you change the character of the
Government. But what propriety is therein
it? A man high in office, who has climbed up
the political ladder, may then turn around and
slap the faces of his friends who helped him
up, if they should want appointments, and call
that virtue ! Would it make it virtue?
The amendment suggested by the Senator
to his bill is. that, the President may in writing
call upon a member of Congress lo answer
in writing in regard to a recommendation to
office. That is the establishment of a circum-
locution office—''how not to do it." The
Senator from Illinois may be with the Presi-
dent of the United States, and the President
may choose to consult him about an appoint-
ment ; but the President must sit down and
put his question in writing in duo form, signed,
sealed, and delivered, I suppose in the pres-
ence of witnesses, and then the Senator, in
writing in due form, may answer that ques-
tion !
The Senator represented me the other day
as saying that I was opposed to his bill because
it was necessary that members of Congress
should have the right to recommend in order
to secure their elections. I beg leave to say
that I said nothing of the kind, nor did I in-
tend anything of the sort.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will look
in vain for any statement that I made that the
Senator said that. I quoted his language; and
he will not find in my remarks that I used the
language that he now attributes to me.
Mr. MOIITON. I read to-day the passage
in the Globe, and I will say to the Senator that
1 think it leaves that inference in regard to my
position.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not dispute as to
any legitimate inference; but the Senator is
mistaken about any such language haviag been
used by me; and what I did say I thirek does
not warrant his conclusion.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator's statement
is sufficient, but I will restate what I did say.
I said that upon recommending good appoint-
ments, the popularity or the reelection of a
member, might materially depend, and that
that furnished to the President a security for
good recommendations from them, which he
could not get from anybody else. If a pri-
vate person, if a postmaster, if some person
not connected with the Administration, should
recommend an appointment, there would be
no responsibility resting upon that person iu
regard to it, either directly or before the pub-
lic; but if it is understood that the appoint-
ments have been made at the instance of the
Representative, and they are bad appoint-
ments, it goes directly to the question of his
popularity, and therefore the President has
that security that he will make good recom-
mendations.
But it is said the member of Congress will
recommend his own friends. Well, sir, after
all it is not a very bad thing for a man to rec-
ommend his own friends, provided they are
as well qualified as somebody else's friends,
lie has to recommend somebody's friends, and
if he recommends his own, provided they are
as well qualified as another man's friends, what
is there wrong about it ?- The point I make is
that as the thing stands now, a Senator or a
member of Congress is held responsibile at
the bar of public opinion for an appointment,
it being supposed that he recommended it, and
therefore if lie does recommend his friend
the President has the assurance that he will
recommend a good friend, one thatis qualified
and respectable, because if he fails to do it
the responsibility for it will fall upon him, in
common with the Administration.
Now, Mr. President, take the Departments
here under any system you can adopt, if you
cut off members of Congress from making rec-
ommendations; and I would say to the Sen-
ator that his intimation that those who oppose
this bill oppose it because they are interested
in having those appointments made does not
hit me. I have been in the Senate now nearly
four years, and, so far as I know, there have
been but three clerks appointed upon my
recommendation, and one of them has since
lost his place because the particular work he
was appointed to do has been performed. As
far as I am personally concerned, I would bo
glad to be relieved of all this labor: but what
light have I to be relieved? My friends have
the same right lo call upon me that I have
had iu times past to call upon them, and if
they are respectable, and capable, and honest,
why should I refuse to give them that legiti-
mate aid which may bo within my power?
Why, sir, men act upon this principle in all
conditions of life, whether in regard to poli-
tics or in regard to business; and you cannot
change it by any enactment which you can
make.
In every point of view, Mr. President, I
regard this bill as being unfortunate; one that
cannot be maintained upon principle or jus-
tice. But, sir, I should not have said one
word further in regard to the matter except to
call the attention of the country to the want
of foundation for the charges which have been
made that more than double the number of
clerks are employed in the Departments that,
are required, and that a large portion of them
are incompetent and worthless. The Senator
is mistaken in regard to this thing almost
entirely. There may be such cases, but they
are few.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. WILSON. Is the Senator from Indiana
through ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. Then, if nobody else desires
the floor on this bill, I wish 1,0 say a few words.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomjs-
roy.) The Senator from Massachusetts will
be entitled to the floor when this question shall
be again taken up by the Senate.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish that this mat-
ter might be put off until longer than to-mor-
row. I shall have to be away for two or three
days from the Senate, and I would like to say
a few words upon this bill myself. I suggest
that it be postponed until Tuesday or Wednes-
day of next week.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it could be so arranged
that we could dispose of it then I should not
object to this course. I dislike to have the
bill go over unless I can be certain that it will
be taken up and disposed of at the time named
for its consideration. I have no disposition to
hurry it to-night. If it can be understood that
it will come up as a special order at the time
indicated, I shall not object to its postpone-
ment till then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
retains its character as a special order if post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY*. I withdraw my motion
until this question is disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would the bill retain
its character as a special orde< if postponed
until Tuesday?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would.
Under the rules of the Senate a bill once
made a special order never loses its character
as a special order.
Mr. SCHURZ. Suppose we arrive at 311
understanding, by unanimous consent, that 011
a certain day this bill shall be taken up.
Several Senators. Tuesday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unani-
mous consent, unless objection be made, it
will be ordered that this bill shall be consid-
ered 011 Tuesday next.
Mr. SCHURZ. Say Wednesday. It is not
certain that the Senator from New Hampshire
will be back by Tuesday.
. Mr. PATTERSON. I may get back by
Tuesday or I may not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Either Tuesday or
Wednesday, if that is preferred, will suit me.
Mr. CASSERLY, and others. Say Wednes-
day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is under-
stood that on Wednesday next, by unanimous
consent, this bill will be considered and dis-
posed of.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If" the understanding is
proposed (hat this bill is to be disposed of 011
WeducMtny I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, that is not ile
understanding; but that it be taken up on
Wednesday to be considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That it shall
then be taken up for consideration. The Chair
will correct the remark he made before. The
