1288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
the gentleman from. Maine [Mr. Hale] that
the fees of district attorneys are now ade-
quate to the importance of the duties which
they perform. 1 speak knowingly upon this
subject, because I have myself been a United
States district attorney. They are paid now
in proportion to the amount of work they do.
They have small salaries ; and their fees be-
yond that are dependent entirely upon the
amount of business which they do. Now,
when a lawyer takes the office of district attor-
ney it does not interfere with his general
practice. I believe that under the existing
law these officers .are paid adequately for all
the business they do; and we shall have no
difficulty in securing competent officers at the
present rates of pay. Hence, I am opposed
to this proposed increase of salary.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move the previous
question.
Mr. HALE. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The motion of Mr. Hale was agreed to.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was laid on the table ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rights of corporations.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back, with an amend-
ment in the form of a substitute, the bill (H.
14. No. 349) extending to corporations the
privileges and immunities guarantied by the
Constitution to the citizens of the respective
States.
The substitute was read, as follows :
Strike out all after tho enacting clause and insert
tbe following:
That no penalty shall be imposed on any lifo insur-
ance company incorporated by any State, on account
of any action by sueh company which is authorized
by the laws ot the United States; nor shall any tax
or other condition ot doing business beimposed upon
any such coini-any which is not, by the same author-
ity imposed upon all life insurance companies.
Mr. BINGHAM. In explanation of this bill
I desire, in the first place, to submit anexrtract
from the decision ot'the Supreme Court of the
United States in the case ot'the Ohio ahd Mis-
sissippi iiailroad Company, (1 Black, 280,296.)
I ask the Clerk to read ail extract from that
opinion.
The Clerk read as follows:
"This question as to tho character of a corporation
and the jurisdiction of tho courts of the United
States in eases wherein they were sued or brought
suits in their corporate name was again brought be-
fore the court in the ease of The Louisville, Cincin-
nati, and Charleston Railroad Company vi. kotson,
reportedin 2 Iloward, 497; aud the court in thutcase,
upon lull consideration, decided that where a cor-
poration is created by the l.iws of a State the legal
presumption is that its members arc citizcns of the
State in which alone the corporate body has a legal
existence, and tnat asuit by or against a corporation
in its corporate name mu«t be presumed to be asuit
by or against citizens ot the State which created the
corporate body, and that no averment or evidence
to thecoiitrary is admissible for the purposeof with-
drawing the suit Irom the jurisdiction ot the court of
the United States.
"The gues ion, however, was felt by this court to
be one of great difficulty and delicacy; and it was
aptaiu argued and maturely considered ia the case
of Marshall vs. The Baltimore and Ohio Itailroad
Company, (10 Howard, 314.) as will appear by the
report and tlie decision in tile case of The Louisville,
Cincinnati, and Charleston Railroad Company vi.
Letson, reaffirmed; and again in the case of Tho
Covington Draw-bridge Company vs. Shepherd and
others, (20 Howard, 2J2,) the same question of juris-
diction was presented, and the rule laid down in the
two last-mentioned cases fully maintained. After
these succcssivo decisions the law upon the subjcct
must be regarded as settled, and a suit by or against
a corporation in its corporate name is a suit by or
against citizens of the State which created it."
Mr. BINGHAM. The House will observe
that the substitute reported by the committee
is in every respect within the ruling of the
Supreme Court in the decision from which an
extract has just been read. The bill as origin-
ally x-eferred to the Committee on the Judiciary
was, alter due consideration, deemed by us tao
broad, and in that form we believed it not
authorized by tbe Constitution, as interpreted
by the courts. This substitute, in the opinion
of the committee, (and I think there was very
little difference of opinion among the mem-
bers of tbe committee,) brings the provisions
of the bill within the express ruling of the
Supreme Court of the United States in repeated
instances, as reiterated in the last case adjudi-
cated, the decision in which I have just cited.
In that case Chief Justice Taney, delivering
the opinion of the Supreme Court, after review-
ing former cases, uses this language :
*'After these successive decisions the law upon the
subject must be regarded as settled, and a suit by or
against a corporation in its corporate name is asuit
by or against citizens of the State which created it."
The substitute which we now present con-
tains but two provisions. The first is that no
corporation created by any State of this Union
shall be subjected to forfeiture or penalty for
bringing a suit authorized by the laws of the
United States. To that branch of the bill no
gentleman in this House, I apprehend, can
take exception. The other provision of the
substitute is this: that being ruled to be citizens
of the United States within the meaning of
the Constitution to the extent that they shall
be entitled as such to sue and be sued in the
courts of the United States, by virtue of their
citizenship under the Constitution,-against the
citizen of any other State, they are therefore,
of necessity, within the ruling of the court,
under the protection of that provision of the
Constitution of the United States which gives
them in whatever State they may be found no
greater disability in reference to trade and
commerce than the citizens of the State in
which they may live. That, sir, is the ruling
made and adhered to by the Supreme Court
of the United States for more than fifty years.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. Do I understand that no suit
can be brought except in the States where
they reside ; that is, where the organization or
corporation is created by State laws?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not say that. I say
the ruling of the court is simply this 
Mr. JUDD. There is so much confusion
in the Hall and members crowd so much around
the gentleman from Ohio that we cannot hear
a word.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Gentlemen
will resume their seats.
Mr. LOGAN. Now I hope the gentleman
from Ohio will answer my question.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is only one pro-
vision in this bill as to suits. If the House
caught my words before there is no necessity
for further explanation. The original bill,
which may have misled gentlemen, was, in the
judgment of tbe committee, too broad. The
provision of the bill reported as a substitute
by the committee contains this provision in
regard to suits that no penalty shall be im-
posed on any life insurance company incor-
porated by any State on account of any aclion
by such company which is authorized by the
laws of the United States. That is all there is
of it in regard to suits.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
another question. Here is the point I wish to
get at; suppose that life insurance companies
or any other insurance companies, by way of
illustration, have business in Illinois. There
the law of the State requires the company to
give a bond to enter an appearance and give
an answer to any suit on account of responsi-
bility, or laches, or anything else. Now, I ask
whether under this law that State weuld not
be inhibited from so holding these corpora-
tions to accountability?
Mr. BINGHAM. This is in regard to pen-
alties of bringing a suit authorized by the Uni-
ted States, I do not suppose that the gentle-
man from Illinois intends to intimate to the
House, if this ruling be right, which has been
so often repeated by the Supreme Court, that
Illinois or any other State can impose a pen-
alty upon a citizen of the United States for
bringing a suit authorized by the laws of the
United Stales.
Mr. JUDD. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Ohio a question.
Mr. LOGAN. I should like to know exactly
what this bill does mean, and before my col-
league asks his question I wish to get through
with this point. This is a matter of great"
importance to the western States, where we
have a great deal of trouble with these foreign
corporations. What does the gentleman mean
by the term "penalty?" It has different mean-
ings when applied to different things. I am
told there is a general penalty in the btll. Let
me ask this question: where there is a pen-
alty in the bond, using the term " penalty,"
would not the construction of law be to refuse
the collection of the penalty provided in the
bond?
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all. The language
of the law excludes the gentleman's conclusion
altogether.
Mr. JUDD. I desire the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary to
see whether my construction of this bill is right.
Mr. LOGAN. Let me get through with my
point first. I am asking in reference to these
penalties. I wish to understand this thing
myself, and I want the House to understand
it. Suppose my State imposes a penalty upon
an insurance company for failing to deposit
bonds to secure a compliance with their obli-
gations.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is not touched by
the provisions of this bill.
Mr. LOGAN. Would that prevent it from
recovering this penalty?
Mr. BINGHAM. It is not loached by the
provisions of this bill at all.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bixgeam] a question. The
point which I desire to make may be put in
the form either of a question or an argument.
The bill provides that no State snail impose a
penalty on a corporation chartered by the laws
of another State for any act authorized by the
Constitution. Now, certain States, as 1 under-
stand from the question put by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Logax,] impose a penalty
on foreign corporations, which carry on their
business within those States before they have
first given bond or other security to protect the
citizens of the States where they do business
against their insolvency and against their fail-
ure to answer suits. These, 1 understand, are
the two points.
Mr. LOGAN. Exactly.
Mr. HOAU. Ni3w I wish to know of the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
whether doing business in another State by an
insurance company without giving that bond
which is required of a domestic corporation is
one of those acts which he conceives is author-
ized by the Constitution of the United States;
and whether a law imposing a penalty on them
for so doin? will not conflict with this bill?
Mr. JUDD. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary 
Mr. HOAR. I should like an answer to
my question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] yield to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Jri/o '.'1
Mr. BINGFIAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. JUDD. If, then, I have tho fionr I
desire to call the attention of members to the
bill in the form in which it is brought here.
The chairman of the Committee on "the Judi-
ciary tells the IIousu that a hill that was clearly
unconstitutional was rejected by the commit-
tee and this substituted for it. Xow, let us
see precisely what this is. It is tbe strangest
dratt ot a bill that i have ever seen, if it
means anything. It provides, and I call the
attention ot the House to what it says—
That lio penalty shall ho imposed on any life
insurance company incorporated by any State on
account of any action by such company which i*
authorized by the laws of the United States.
