1900
TIB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 3.
is now authorized to go by the act of 1866, to
the thirty-second parallel, so as to form a con-
nection between the system of eastern rail-
roads and the California system, and to make
a direct connection with San Francisco, the
freafc Commercial city of the Pacific coast.
'he distance to be traversed by this line is the
space of three parallels of latitude. I am un-
able to say what the distance in miles precisely
will be, for the line, aa will be evident from an
examination of the map, must be a diagonal
one owing to the conformation of the country,
which is largely mountainous. As to the char-
acter of the country it will traverse nothing is
known at the Land Office, as there has been
no survey. But on examining the reports of
Government officers who a fewyears since made
preliminary railroad surveys there, I find that
this country from the thirty-fifth to the thirty-
second parallel is said to be a desert region.
The conference committee recognize, in the
place of the six branches which the Senate bill
contained, the New Orleans branch, and this
continuation of the Southern Pacific of Cali-
fornia, which will make a difference, as nearly
as I can estimate—and it is but an approximate
estimate—of from foar to six million acres
of land which are called for over and above
what the bill as it passed the House called for.
I will be asked what we have gained in the
controversy with the Senate on this question.
I answer that we have saved a line from
San Francisco to the thirty-second parallel of
latitude, seven hundred and fifty miles, run-
ning for the greater part north of the thirty-
filth parallel of latitude, in the very best part
of California. That much we have saved in
the controversy with the Senate.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the practical question
for the House to deal with—and we have come
to that stage of the session when we must act
practically—is whether this great project, the
equity of which all men concede, which has
been so long before the public, which has so
long pleaded for simple justice, whether this
project shall be longer delayed because of this
grant of between five and six millions of acres
of land, the greater part of which is desert?
It seems to me that every consideration of
public policy and every consideration of wise
statesmanship demand that this question shall
be answered in the negative, and I hope the
House will so answer it now. Unless gentle-
men desire to make inquiries or to debate the
report, I shall move the previous question on
agreeing to it.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I desire to ask a question
in regard to the New Orleans branch, whether
it is a new branch entirely or the revival of an
old branch authorized in 1850?
_ Mr. WHEELER. I understand that a por-
tion of the grant is covered by that act. I
demand the previous question on the report
of the committee of conference.
conference committees.
The SPEAKER appointed the following as
the third committee of conference on the part
of the House on the disagreeing vote of the
two Houses on the amendments of the Senate
to House bill No. 2524, making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1872: Mr. Sargent, Mr. Cook,
and Mr. Morgan.
The SPEAKER also appointed the follow-
ing as the committee of conference on the part
of the House ou the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the amendments of ihe Senate
to the bill (H. B. No. 2995) making appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government
for the fiscal years ending June 30, 1870, and
June 30, 1871, and for former years, and for
other purposes: Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Allison,
and Mr. Randall.
soothers pacific railuoad,
The question recurred upon the demand for
the previous question on agreeing to the re-
port of the committee of conference on the
Southern Paeific railroad bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If the reading of the report
was of higher privilege than any other action
of the House, is the consideration of the sub-
ject so also?
The SPEAKER. It is. As long as the
House chooses to consider the report it is of
the highest privilege. The House will itself
bring that privilege to a close by a test vote,
such as the gentleman from New York now
submits, which is, "Shall the previous ques-
tion be seconded on agreeing to the report?"
The question was put; and there were—ayes
78, noes 39; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordtered ; and Mr. Wheeler and
Mr. Holman were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 103, noes 81.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the report
on the table, and I wish to inquire if that
will carry the bill with it ?
The SPEAKER. Necessarily.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make that motion.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. It is whether, if we disagree to the
report of the committee of conference, it will
not be in the power of the House to appoint
another committee of conference?
The SPEAKER. Of course it will, if the
House so chooses.
Mr. RANDALL. This committee has failed
to adhere to the position of the House, and I
hope another committee of conference will be
ordered.
Mr. WHEELER. I hope the House will
understand that this motion, if it prevails, will
carry the bill to the table.
The SPEAKER. The rule is specific that
the report of a committee of conference may
be laid on the table, and that the effect will be
to lay the bill on the table also.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call forth eyeas and nays
upon my motion.
Upon ordering the yeas and nays there
were 18 in the affirmative and 85 in the nega-
tive, (not one fifth in favor of ordering the yeas
and nays.)
Mr. BEATTY called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, only sixteen mem-
bers voting therefor.
The question was put'; and the House refused
to lay the report on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
ujion agreeing to the report of the committee
of conference.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 125, nays 64, not voting
615 as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Aines, Archer, Atwood,
Axtell, Ayer, Banks, Beaman, Beek, Bennett, Be-
thune, Blair, Boles, Booker, Bowen, George M.
Brooks,Buck ,Buckley,Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, Wil-
liam T. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Conner,
Corker, Cowles, Darrall. Joseph Dixon, Nathan P.
Dixon, Dockery, Box, l)ukc, Farnsworth, Ferries,
l'isher,I(itch,GilfilIan,Griswold,Hambleton,Hamill,
Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, ilays, Heflin. lloar,
lioge, Holmes, Hooper, Hotehkiss,lngersoll.Jenckes,
Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. jones,
Judu, Kelley, Kelsey. Ketcham, Knapp. Laflin,
Lash, Logan, Long, Lynch, Manning, Mayham,
Maynard, McCarthy, McUrew, MeKee, McKenzie,
Jesse H. Moore, Morey, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell,
Momssey, Mungen,Myers, Negley, O'Neill, fial-bert
L. Paine, William W. Paine^ Palmer, Perce, Piatt,
Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Price, Prosser. itainey,
Roots, Sargent, Sawyer. Schumaker, Shanks. Lionel
A. Sheldon, Sherrod, Shober, Joseph S. Smith. Wil-
liam J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stokes,
Stougbton,Strader,Strickland, Swann, Sypher,Till-
man, Townsend, Trimble, Twichell. Van Auken,
Wallaee, Wheeler, Wbiteley, Wliiimore, Williams,
Eugene M. Wilson, and Young—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Asper. Beatty, Big^s,
Bingham,Bird, James Brooks, Buffinton, Burehard,
Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Crebs,
Donley, l?-ln, J?inkehihaj«, (xuriioid, Haight, Balde-
mm, Uale, Hatyley, ljU-y, Hil I, Holman, Julian, Law-
rence, Lewis, Marshall, McCrary, MeNeeis7. Mercur,
Liiakim II.Moore, William Moore, Morgan, Sam-
uel P. Morrill, Niblack, Orth, Packer, Peck, Peters,
Phelps, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Seofield, John
A. Smith, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stiles, Strong,
Tanner. Taylor. Upson, Van Trump. Van Wyck,
Ward, William B. Washbarn, Welker, Willard, John
T. Wilson. Wolf; and "Wood—64.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Bailey, Barnum, Barry, Benjamin. Benton,
Boyd, Burr, Cake, Cleveland, Cox, Cullom, Dawes,
Degener, Dickey, Dickinson, Duval, Dyer, Eldridge,
Ferry, Fox, Getz, Gibson, Kellogg, Kerr, Knott,
Loughridgo, McCorraick, Milnes, Newsham, Pack-
ard, Rogers, Sanford, Porter Sheldon, Slocum, Ste-
vens, Stone, Sweeney, Tafi'e, Tyner, Van Horn,
Voorhees. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wells, Wil-
kinson, Winans, Winchester, Witeher, and Wood-
ward—51.
So the report was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CULLOM said: On this question I am
paired with Mr. Wilkinson, of Minnesota, who
is absent on account of sickness. If he were
present he would vote "ay" and I would
vote "no."
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the '
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EUREKA AND WILMINGTON, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. AXTELL. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table and
passed Senate bill No. 1327, to create ports
of delivery at Eureka and Wilmington, Cali-
fornia, and to provide for the appointment
of deputy collector at Vallejo, California, and
to abolish the office of surveyor of said port.
No objection was made ; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, ordered to be read a third
time, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. AXTELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and aljso moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave to print.
Mr. FARNSWORTH asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to have printed
in the (Jlobe some remarks he had prepared
upon the report of the Committee on Military
Affairs upon the subject of the management
of the Military Asylum. [See Appendix.]
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. BENTON. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the first business in order is re-
ports from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, which committee is entitled, under order
of the House, to one hour for reports of pen-
sion bills.
ABEL S. CRASH.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back, with a sub-
stitute, Senate bill No. 127, granting a pension
to Abel S. Chase. The substitute, \yhich was
read, directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Abel S. Chase, late a private of
the twenty -fourth battery of Indiana artillery,
and pay him a pension from and after the
passage of this act.
The substitute was agreed to ; and the bill,
as amended, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
harriet de witt mitchell.
Mr. BENTON also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with amendments, Senate
bill No. 84o, granting a pension to Harriet De
Witt Mitchell.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
ro.l the name of Harriet De Witt Mitchell,
