nr
1871.
THE COMR1SSI0FAL GLOBE.
-1
invalid daughter of Ormsby M. Mitchell, late
major general of volunteers, who died at Bean-
fort, South Carolina, October 30,1862, of yel-
low fever, contracted while in the line of his
duty and in the service of the United States,
and to pay her a pension at the rate of thirty
dollars per month during her natural life, to
continence Qetober 81, 1862.
The amendments of the committee were to
make the pension twenty-five dollars per
month, and to commence from and after the
passage of this act.
Mr. KELSEY. I hope that the amendments
will not be adopted, but that this bill will pass
as it came from the Senate.
The amendments were agreed to ; and the
bill, as amended, was passed.
Mr. BENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
anna e. frei.
Mr. BENTON also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with an amendment, Sen-
ate bill No. 176, granting a pension to Anna
E. Prei.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Anna E. Frei, widow of John Ilenry
Frei, late a private of company K, fifty-eighth
New York volunteers, and to pay her a pen-
sion of eight dollars per month, to commence
on the 5th day of July, 1865, and to continue
during her widowhood.
The amendment was to strike out " on the
5th day of July, 1865," and to insert "from
and after the passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill,
as amended, was passed.
Mr. BENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with a substitute, Senate
bill No. 622, granting a pension to Nancy E.
Ammons.
The substitute was read. It direets the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Nancy E.
Ammons, widow of Ephraim J. Ammons, late
a private in company A, third North Carolina
mounted infantry, and to pay her a pension
from and after the passage of this act.
The substitute was agreed to ; and the bill,
as amended, passed.
Mr. BENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
joseph obmsby.
Mr. BENTON also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back Senate bill No. 762, for the
relief of Joseph Ormsby.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides for allow-
ing a pension to Joseph Ormsby, at the rate
of eightdollars per month, from June 19, 1862,
the date of the death of his son, Edward J.
Ormsby, to March 5, 1869, the date of the
death of his wife, that being the period during
which the mother of the deceased was entitled
to a pension, but which she failed to make
application for under a misapprehension of
the law.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed: and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
anna a. howard.
Mr. BENTON also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with a recommendation that
it pass, a bill (S. No. 799) for the relief of Anna
M. Howard.
The bill, which was read, direets the Sec-
retary of the Interior to pay to Anna M.
Howard, mother of George W. Howard, late
a private in company E, eleventh regiment
New Jersey volunteers, arrears of pension at
the rate of eight dollars per month from April
22, 1863, the date of her son's discharge, to
February 12, 1864, the date of his death.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. BENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter was agreed to.
helen m. stansbury.
Mr. BENTON also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with a recommendation that
it do not pass, a bill (S. No. 488) for the relief
of Helen M. Stansbury, widow of Major How-
ard Stansbury, and moved that the same be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
eliza whiting.
Mr. BENTON also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, abill (S. No. 779) granting
a pension to Eliza Whiting, and moved that
the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Simp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had adopted with amendments a con-
current resolution of the House in relation
to the distribution of documents ordered to be
printed by the two Houses of Congress or by
law daring the term of the Forty-First Con-
gress.
• The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, with amendments, a bill of the
following title, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested:
An act (H. E. No. 2860) making appropri-
ations for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense.
maky p. prindle.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass, a bill (S. No.
866) for the relief of Mary F. Prindle.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to ask the House
to pass this bill.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Interior to pay to Mary
F. Prindle, widow of Jerome V. Prindle, late
a private in company H, first regiment Ver-
mont volunteers, from November 3, 1861, the
date of her husband's death, to November 10,
1868, the date of the commencement of her
present pension.
Mr. BENTON. I yield to the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Poland] for three min-
utes.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, this bill merely
gives arrears of pension to Mrs. Prindle. Her
application was made in due season, within the
five years allowed by law ; but the lawyer who
was employed by her to make application for
this pension was taken sick and, after being
sick for a year or two, finally died. Alter his
death the papers relating to^ the application
were found laid away in a pigeon hole in his
office. 1 have understood from the chairman of
the Committee on Pensions, [Mr. BiiNJAMlK,]
who is now absent, that the commitSee have
reported bills of precisely the same character,
which have been passed by the House and sent
to the Senate. This is a bill passed by the Sen-
ate and referred in this Honseto our committee.
I learned from the chairman of the committee
that they were holding on to this ease in the
committee as a sort of lever to compel the
Senate to pass House bills of precisely similar
character which have been sent to the Senate.
There was no objection on the part of the
chairman of the committee to the passage of
this bill, as upon evidence of the same charac-
ter similar bills have been reported by the
committee, passed by this House, and are now
pending in the Senate.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by whieh the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tmpuinia thompson.
Mr. BENTON also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3072,) granting
a pension to Triphinia Thompson, which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place upon the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws the name of Triphinia
Thompson, mother of Daniel W. Thompson,
late private company G, first New Hampshire
cavalry, and pay her a pension from and after
the passage of this act.
Mr. BENTON. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. BENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lucia makden.
Mr. BENTON also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3073) granting
a pension to Lucia Marden ; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, direets the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place upon the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limit-
ations of the pension laws, the name of Lucia
Harden, mother of Martin Allen, late a sea-
man on board the United States sloop Dale,
and pay her a pension from and after the
passage of the act.
Mr. BENTON. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was "ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. BENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
iibtty si. kessner.
Mr. BENTON also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3074) granting
a pension to Hetty M. Ressner; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill direets the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Hetty M. Kessner, widow of
Tobias B. Kessner, late private of company
D, third Maryland volunteers, and pay her a
pension from and after the passage of the act.
