1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
Now, Mr. Speaker, as regards what human-
ity requires us to do, I will go to the very
utmost extent. But it is a question whether or
not it would not be in the interest of humanity,
where these cattle are transported for a period
of ten hours, or of twenty hours, or of thirty
or forty hours, to leave it where it is now,
under local management. I say it is a ques-
tion whether or not it would not be more
humane, where no cruelty is involved, to press
them through to their destination than to entail
the immense expenditure which the provis-
ions of this bill do entail upon those who are
engaged in this transportation.
I think, sir, that we are forcing this idea of
humanity too far. I am not one of those who
believe, as some believe, that we should go into
the States and make regulations upon this sub-
ject. The States have already taken up the
subject, and have already provided laws in
regard to it. They have already made regula-
tions which are ample to give not only protec-
tion to the cattle that pass over railroads, but
to punish every outrage that may occur to man
or beast. I have seen, sir, in Broadway, New
York, a green turtle lying upon his back in
one of the windows of that thoroughfare with
his head upon a ruffled pillow. [Laughter.]
That is carrying humanity a little too far. Jl
am here to say that 1 am prepared to go to the
utmost extent in seeing that humane treatment
is observed by railroad companies and by trans-
porters. But the great question is whether this
House is to take the control of this subject;
to undertake to manage not only the great
national interests which are intrusted to it,
but whether it is to go to these local organiza-
tions and undertake to control all the regula-
tions which pertain to transportation. If you
do that, Mr. Speaker, you might as well under-
take to say what, the fare shall be on these
roads ; you might as well say how the cars are
to be lighted ; you might say that kerosene
oil is deleterious to health, and that you will
expel it from the cars; you might say they are
too much heated. You will have complaints
of 3very sort and description made to this
House as soon as it is announced that Con-
gress means to take the control of this import-
ant matter.
Mr. Speaker, I should consider it disastrous,
I should consider it a crying injustice to a very
large portion of our agricultural community,
if you undertook to deprive the railroad com-
panies and the transporters, who arrange all
this by agreement, of the power which they
have now, and which they have always hereto-
fore enjoyed, of exercising control over this
important matter. I trust, therefore, without,
touching the question which has been so prop-
erly raised by my honorable friend from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Br,bridge,] as to whether this
Government has the right, under any power
which it may derive from the Constitution, to
go into the States and interfere with their local
organizations—without touching that question,
I trust that Congress will assume no such
power. It seems to me that in doing so we
would be standing on very delicate ground ;
and I hope the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Wilson] will not press this measure.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I now yield three
minutes to the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Archer.]
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Speaker, the limited
time allowed for debate prevents any discus-
sion of the constitutionality of this bill. I think
its constitutionality is more than doubtful. But
I waive that, and pass to some other objections
to this bill.
The humanity of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Agriculture is well known. I know
that in introducing this bill his purpose was to
accomplish a humane object. But let us look
ioi a moment at the humanity of this measure,
it provides that after twenty-eight hours of
loiilinement in the cars the cattle shall be
iviiioved from the cars and replaced in cattle-
yards. Now, any member of this House who
has ever seen any of the cattle-yards of this
country can imagine what kind of rest the
cattle would thus obtain and what humanity
there would be in placing them in any of these
miserable, muddy places; for it is not to be
supposed that the railroad companies will have
yards any better than the yards now are at any
of the cattle marts of this country.
Now, let us look for u moment at the prac-
tical working of this bill. Cattle start, we will
say, from Indiana or Illinois, and they land
perhaps somewhere in West Virginia, or Mary-
land, or Pennsylvania, on one of the roads there,
the twenty-eight hours after they had started
having expired about three hours after they
struck one of those States. They are then to
be removed from the cars, and those cars must
either be sent on empty all the way through
to Philadelphia, Baltimore, or New York, or
else return to their point of departure; or else
they must lumber up the sidings of the railroad
until the cattle have this nominal five hours'
rest. This, Mr. Speaker, would entail almost
untold expense upon the cattle-raisers and the
cattle-consumers or the railroad companies.
Then, too, Mr. Speaker, these cattle, after
having been detained in these miserable corrals,
and after obtaining no rest whatever, will have
to go through a loading again, which is always
one of the most painful operations for them in
their whole passage. Now, if the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Agriculture
really desires to enact a law which is humane,
and if it is constitutional for him to do so, then
a law ought to be introduced which will com-
pel the railroad companies to furnish such cars
as these cattle may be fed in aud such cars as
they may obtain some rest in. Such cars have
been patented and have been made. But this
bill accomplishes no such object as I know the
gentleman intends to accomplish.
Sir, I hope this House will not pass this bill.
I hope the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wil-
son] who has the management of this bill,
the chairman of the Committee on Agriculture,
instead of forcing this hill through now, will
consent to have it recommitted to his commit-
tee, in order that a bill may be prepared which
is not subject to the constitutional objection
that applies to this bill, and that a bill will be
introduced, if such can be done, that will be
constitutional, to compel these companies to
procure cars that will attain the object which
he has in view.
Mr. "WILSON, of Ohio. I no« yield five
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Cook.]
Mr. COOK. This bill provides only for the
feeding and watering of cattle transported from
one State to another. It does not interfere
with the transportation of animals within the
limits of any State.
The constitutional question, as I apprehend
it, is simply this: has Congress the power to
regulate this commerce in animals between
the different States? I cannot see wherein the
power which would be exercised in the passage
of this hill differs from the power which has
been exercised ever since the oiganization of
the Government in relation to the transporta-
tion of animals and freight in steamboats and
other vessels upon navigable streams. It is
true that Congress has made regulations in
relation to the transportation of freight, in
order -to guard against accidents, to prevent
inhumanity, and to preserve human life upon
steamboats and other vessels upon the rivers
and navigable streams of the country.
Now, sir, the constitutional power to regu-
late commerce is not limited to the regulation
of commerce upon navigable streams. It is a
general power to regulate commerce, not to
regulate it when carried on in one mode or
another. The Supreme Court has defined the
word " commerce" to be the transportation of
property and the transit of passengers irom
one State to another. This transportation of
animals comes clearly within the definition
which has been laid down without dissent in
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
never questioned. The constitutional power
to regulate the transportation of animals is
clear, unless it be held that the power to reg-
ulate commerce is limited to commerce upon
navigable streams and by means of boats and
vessels, and does not extend to the great com-
merce that is carried on over the railroads of
the country. For my part I have no doubt of
our constitutional right to pass this bill. There
is only one other suggestion which I desire to
make.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman yield
to me to indicate an amendment?
Mr. COOK. I have but a few minutes left.
I would suggest that the gentleman apply to
his colleague, [Mr. Wilson,] who has charge
of this bill.
Mr.BINGHAM. I will do so, though I think
there will be no objection to my amendment.
Mr. COOK. This bill does not require that
the cars shall be stopped for the purpose of
feeding and watering cattle. But it requires
that the animals shall be fed and watered, and
that the cars shall be stoppedfor that purpose,
unless the cars, boats, or other vessels in which
they are carried are so arranged as to afford
them food and water and proper space and
opportunity for rest. Cars now used on some
lines of railroads are so constructed that ani-
mals can be cared for on them. But on other
lines they are packed in cars in such manner
that not only is great suffering caused to the"
animals, but the flesh of those animals is very
much deteriorated in quality thereby. Perhaps
there is not so much inhumanity to animals
practiced in the United States in any other way
as in packing them in close cars, where they
cannot move, and where, if one of them hap-
pens to fall down, it is trampled to death by
the rest; and that practice is almost universal
on our grand trunk lines.
As for myself I am in favor of this bill, as
a mere act of humanity, not doubting in the
least the constitutional power of Congress to
require that this commerce, carried on now to
so large an extent between the different States,
shall be carried on upon principles of common
humanity.
In relation to the amendment which the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] desired to
suggest, I have no doubt the amendment is a
very proper one. But as I did not have con-
trol of this bill, I have referred him to the
gentleman who has charge of it.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I will yield to my
colleague [Mr. Bjxgham] to offer his amend-
ment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask general consent to
amend the second section by striking out the
word "indictment1' and inserting in lieu of
that word the words "an action in the name
of the United States." I think there can be
no objection to such an amendment.
Mr. E'LDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I think that upon reflec-
tion the gentleman will not object. If this bill
is to pass, as this is for the recovery merely of
a monetary penalty, and the uniform practice
referred to is to recover it by a simple action
everywhere in all the States, 1 think the amend-
ment should be made.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am opposed to this
bill in every shape, and want it to be as bad
as it can be. I think the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio/Mr. Bixgham] would
improve it, and therefore I am opposed to it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
ordered, so that I may have an opportunity to
offer this amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bikuham] that we might as
well let the bill go over in its present form to
the other branch of Congress, to be amended
there it necessary.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well; I withdraw the
motiou.
