1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1289
Now, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] says that these companies are authorized
to sue and be sued, and that every penalty
attempted to be imposed upon them by a State
is a violation of their rights. As a conse-
quence, then, it is illegal, and there is no
occasion for this enactment.
Let me remark one thing further: the lan-
guage is "incorporated by any State on ac-
count of any action by such company which is
authorized by the laws of the United States."
That is now a suit in law. If you want to
reach the question presented by the gentleman
from Ohio, that is not the form in which you
would frame your bill. It says " on account
of any action by any incorporated company."
But an action may be the issuing of a policy
of insurance. It may be any other thing in
the conducting of their business which is an
action in the ordinary sense in which that
word is used.
And there is something beyond this. I do
not know whether, this reaches the insurance
company incorporated by Congress, that has
to-day its headquarters in the city of Wash-
ington, with the privilege of establishing
branches throughout the States. I do not
know whether it reaches that company, but it
sounds to me exceedingly like placing this
one solitary company over and above all the
other companies in the Union in regard to its
action.
And now let us see what the second section
means. That section says :
Nor shall any tax or other condition of doing
business be imposed on any such company which is
not by the same authority imposed upon ait life
insurance companies.
Now, there is a life insurance company in
the State of Illinois, and another in the State
of Massachusetts. In Georgia the Illinois
company is attempting to do business, and
the Massachusetts company is not attempting
to do business. The language of this bill pre-
vents anything being done by the State of
Georgia with reference to the Illinois com-
pany which is not equally done with reference
to the Massachusetts company, which is not
attempting to do business there.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must resume the floor.
Mr. JUDD. I object, therefore, to the form
and language in which the bill is drafted, aside
from the objects it seeks to accomplish. I move
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, I have the floor
before you make any such motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. To whom
does the gentleman from Ohio yield ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to my colleague
on the committee from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
ridge.]
Mr. JUDD. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man cannot make that motion, as the gentle-
man from Ohio is on the floor.
Mr. JUDD. Then I will make it as soon
as I can get a chance.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will state what will be
the effect of this bill as I understand it. There
are certain States of this Union that require
foreign insurance companies to make depos-
its to insure the performance of their obliga-
tions and contracts. They deem this to be
right, because the assets of the companies
are in other States of the Union. They think
that this is no unjust discrimination against
those foreign insurance companies, for the
reason that the domestic insurance compa-
nies have all their assets within the State
and within the reach of the process of the
State, whereas there is no opportunity or
mean's of enforcing the process of the courts
in the collection of obligations against for-
eign insurance companies, unless there is
something tangible deposited within the_ juris-
diction of the State upon which the citizens
who are insured can rely. Our western peo-
ple deem this no unjust discrinyn tiou; and
yet, as we understand this bill, it would pro-
hibit the requirement by the States of any
deposit to insure the performance of the con-
tracts of companies incorporated by other
States doing business within the western
States. I oppose the bill on this ground : that
its very object and purpose is to avoid the
requirements of those States, that foreign
insurance companies shall make deposits to
insure the performance of their contracts.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now yield to my col-
league on the committee from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
that the House shall understand this bill, and
then, when once they understand it, it will be
easy to dispose of it according to its merits.
The difficulty has been that gentlemen have
got the printed bill and read it, and think
that that is the bill before the House. Now,
I want to read the bill carefully so that the
House shall hear it. It is as follows:
That no penalty shall be imposed on any life
insurance company incorporated by any State on
account of any action by such company which is
authorized by the laws of the United States; nor
shall aDy tax or other condition of doing business
be imposed upon any such company which is not
imposed by the same authority upon all life insur-
ance companies.
Mr. JUDD. That is the language, word for
word, verbatim et punctuatim, as I read it.
Mr. CRBBS. We fully understand the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now, I
have the floor, if you please, for a moment,
and I want every one to hear me. I desire
that we shall understand what this bill is. It
is a very simple and plain proposition, that in
the matter of life insurance companies there
shall be no other and different penalties im-
posed by a State on foreigu companies than
it imposes on its own companies.
Mr. JUDD. It does not authorize any pen-
tl6S ^
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It does
not authorize anything. It i3 preventive, and
not authoritative.
Mr. JUDD rose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If you
will allow me to explain the bill, I will answer
any questions afterward. This is the point: it
prevents any State from imposing penalties
on foreign corporations for doing business in
that State that it does not impose on its own
companies. It may impose any penalties on
its own companies that it pleases, and then
the foreign companies must have the same
penalties imposed upon them. But it does not
allow any State to legislate the insurance com-
panies of any other State out of its limits. I
have heard all around here that this bill is for
thebenefitof Jay Cooke's insurance company ;
but Jay Cooke's insurance company was not
incorporated by any State. It was incorpor-
ated by the United States, and this bill does
not touch it. Let me say here that the State
of Kentucky has passed a Ltw that any insur-
ance company that undertakes to do business
within its limits, not being a company incor-
porated by that State, shall, if it undertake
to collect a debt or to defend a suit, forfeit its
charter.
Mr. JUDD. Well, that is unconstitutional,
and what is the necessity of our passing a law
upon the subject?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Because
when there is no law to enforce a constitu-
tional right it has been held over and over
again that it cannot be enforced, and therefore
we have to have a law, and this bill was drawn
for this very purpose.
Mr. JUDD here asked a question, which
was inaudible to the reporter.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me; the bill does not declare anything on the
subject.
Mr. JUDD. Then I will ask 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I sup-
pose the gentleman want3 an answer to his
question. If the State will not undertake in
its courts to enforce proper legislation, then
you will have to bring the case up to the
Supreme Court of the United States, and some
four years thereafter, according to the state
of the business before the court, yqu may
get a decision. In the mean time the whole
business of life insurance, which constitutes
a large proportion of this business, will be at
the mercy of this, that, and the other State
law, and there is no legal remedy or anything
that amounts to a remedy.
Mr. JUDD. There is a remedy, when you
get at it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, when
you get at it, there is.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I would like to ask
the gentleman a question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very well.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. "Why are the provis-
ions of this bill limited to life insurance com-
panies and not extended to other insurance
companies? And I v/ould ask further, if the
provisions of this bill are right, why not ex-
tend them to all other corporations of the
States?
Mr. ALLISON. Yes, that is the point.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
glad the gentleman has found the point at last.
I will answer both of the questions of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vax Trump.] In the
first place there is a large number of insur-
ance companies that are merely local in their
action—accident insurance, cattle insurance,
fire insurance, local mutual insurance com-
panies—which are only creatures of their own
State, and do not travel beyond it. The only
evil which has been found in this matter need-
ing a remedy is in the attempt of the States to
deal with life insurance companies.
The gentleman asks, why do we not extend
the provisions of this bill to all other corpora-
tions? When we are legislating to meet a given
evil, why should we be called upon to legislate
to meet evils of every description? When the
gentleman will show me that Kentucky or
Maryland or Massachusetts undertakes to
oppress the citizens of another State I will
unite with him in legislating to meet that
difficulty.
Mr. LOGAN. I have a question to ask.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A ques-
tion ? Yes.
Mr. LOGAN. I see there is no penalty pro-
vided for violating the provisions of this bill.
Now, will the gentleman please state to the
House what the remedy would be if a State
should refuse to obey this law? Will Congress
legislate the State out of the Union?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman tell me what remedy there is 
Mr. LOGAN. I am not answering a ques-
tion. I want the gentleman to answer my
question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will an-
swer it in the Yankee way, by asking another.
What remedy is there when any State refuses
to obey any constitutional law of Congress?
The remedy for the party—not the penalty
upon the State—the remedy for the party
against whom the State shall undertake to
enforce a State law, contrary to the legislation
of Congress, would be at once to get an in-
junction from the United States courts. Thai
is the remedy. The United States courts
cannot now enjoin because there is no law of
Congress that reaches the case.
Mr. LOGAN, I want the gentleman to
answer my question, so that the House wili
understand it, or, at least, so that I can
understand it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me; i will not engage to do that. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. If Congress provides that a
State shall not pass a certain law, what rem-
edy basa party should the State still pass such
a law?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If any
one should undertake to enforce any penalty
prescribed by such a State law, the remedy
