X902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. BENTON demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pii13bi! a. hascall.
Mr. BENTON also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3075) granting
a pension to Phebe A. Hascall; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill directs that the pension heretofore
granted to Phebe A. Hascall as the widow of
Sidney Smith, late master commandant in the
United States Navy, under the acts of June
30, 1834, and March 3, 1837, at thirty dollars
a month, be restored to her from and after the
passage of the act.
Mr. BENTON. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mrs. elizabeth york.
Mr. BENTON also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back House bill No 741, grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Elizabeth York, widow
of Dr. Jubal York, late surgeon of the fifty-
fourth regiment Illinois volunteer infantry,
with the recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I introduced that
bill at the commencement of the first session
of this Congress. It is a very peculiar case,
and is one which I am sure .will commend
itself to every member of the House if they
could understand it.
Mr. York, one of the best citizens of my
State, one of the truest men in the country,
was, in March 1864, while at home on leave
with his regiment on veteran furlough, assas-
sinated in the town of Charleston, Illinois. In
1866 an act was passed giving Mrs. York a
pension from and after the passage of the act.
This bill provides that she shall have the pen-
sion from the date of the death of her husband.
It. is nothing but just and right and proper.
At the very time that this pension was granted
a number of other pensions were granted to
widows, dating from the time of the death of
their husbands under similar circumstances,
only that the cases were not so strong as this
one.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. Could the assassination of
Mr. York be traced to the fact that he was a
soldier?
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Most certainly.
While his regiment was at home on veteran
furlough a squad of that regiment 
Mr. BENTON. I cannot yield further. This
bill is for arrears of pension and carries out
a principle which the committee have always
opposed.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. If the House
understands the facts, I am sure it will vote
for the bill.
Mr. BENTON. The committee have in-
structed me to report adversely on this bill in
precise accordance with a rule they have laid
down and adhered to in all cases, to grant pen-
sions only from the date of the passing of the
act. This soldier was granted a pension by a
special act. His widow is now drawing a pen-
sion by a special act, and it is in accordance
with a rule the committee has adopted that a
pension should only date from the passage of
the act. I demand the previous question.
Mr. YAN WYCK. I desire to ask a ques-
tion.
Mr. BENTON. I decline to yield.
Mr. YAN WYCK. I desire merely to ask
whether it is not competent for the House
to ^rant pensions under circumstances like
these, and whether Congress has not frequently
done so?
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I desire to be
allowed a single moment.
Mr. BENTON. I decline to yield.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I want only to
state a single fact.
The SPEAKER. It is not in the power of
the Chair to take the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Benton] off the floor. The
gentleman must appeal to t.he gentleman from
New Hampshire, and not to the Chair.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I ask for only
two minutes further.
Mr. BENTON. The gentleman has already
had an opportunity to give an explanation. I
yield for a moment to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I desire to state
that five hundred bills of a nature similar to
this have been before the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and that the committee has refused
to recommend them. The committee, how-
ever, last session introduced a general bill to
allow claimants to go back, but when that bill
went to the Senate it was there slaughtered.
We have hundreds of such cases before our
committee, and I object to singling out one to
the exclusion of the others.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. What I ask in
this case has been done in other cases. We
had just such a case from my own district.
The widow Webster, in 1869, on the recom-
mendation of the committee, was granted a
pension to run from 1862.
Mr. BENTON. I do not yield. I call the
previous question.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. This widow is
entitled to her pension and ought to have it,
and I hope the House will grant it.
Mr. BENTON. I move the previous ques.-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Benton,] from the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, has reported adversely
on this bill. The first question is, "Shall the
bill be engrossed and read a third time?''
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BENTON. I move that the bill lie on
the table.
The motion that the bill do lie on the table
was not agreed to.
_ The question recurred on the passage of the
bill; and it was agreed to.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. isabella pogct.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No.
3076) granting a pension to Isabella Fogg;
which was read a first and second tiipe.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Interior to increase the pension now
paid to Mrs. Isabella Fogg, by virtue of a special
act approved February 28,1867, to twenty-five
dollars per month, and to pay the said sum of
twenty-live dollars per month from and after
the passage of this act.
Mr. BENTON. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters.]
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend by striking
out" twenty-five dollars'' and inserting' 'thirty-
five dollars."
Mr. HOLM AN. I should like to hear the
report in that case read.
Mr. BENTON. I object to the proposition
of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pete its.]
The committee considered the case carefully,
and I think they came to a just conclusion on
it. The case was formerly before the Senate
committee, and they refused to increase the
pension at all. For the third time, I believe,
application has been made for an increase.
The increase was granted once or twice, and
the Senate refused to grant the third petition.
Then she came to our committee, and by her
persistence, and by perseverance almost unex-
ampled, she succeeded in inducing us to raise
the pension to twenty-five dollars per month.
We could not consent to allow her more than
that, in justice to the thousands and hundreds
of thousands who are entitled to pensions and
yet are drawing nothing.
Mr. PETERS. I wish to say a word about
this case, and I wish the House to hear me.
This woman now receives twenty dollars a
month and the committee propose to give her
twenty-five dollars a month. She is a cripple.
She has not the power of locomotion. She has
not the power of doing business. She gave a
son to her country. She has given her whole
health to the country. She has got the best
indorsements that any nurse in the Army ever
received, I do not care who she is or where she
comes from—I hold them in my hand—from
General Grant, General Sherman, General
Sheridan, General Meade, and almost all the
leading officers of the Army. She came here
to Washington and got a clerkship, but she is
not able to do the work. I hold in my hand
resolutions of the Legislature of Maine, asking
this increase of pension, and I appeal to the
House to give her thirty-five dollars a month.
Mr. BENTON. I must resume the floor.
I would say in answer to the gentleman that
I wish the Treasury of the United States wa3
as large as the gentleman's heart.
Mr. PETERS. If it is not larger than
the heart of the committee, I say God help it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BENTON. We cannot afford to vote
away the public money in this way.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 68, noes 32.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am satisfied that the
House does not understand the question.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Peters,] to increase the pension of twenty-five
dollars a month, as reported by the committee,
to thirty-five dollars a month. If a further
count is insisted on the Chair will order tellers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not insist on a fur-
ther count.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read the'third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read a third time,
and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. BENTON. I now yield to my colleague
on the committee from Illinois, [Mr. Hay.]
Mr. HAY. I ask that the bill (S. No. 1156)
increasing the pensions of disabled soldiers and
sailors, and of the widows of deceased soldiers
and sailors, be taken from the Speaker's table
and put upon its passage.
Mr. BENTON. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman for the purpose of bringing up that bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. 1 rise to a point
of order. I understand that this hour was
given exclusively to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions to make their reports, and I do not
