464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I now yield five
minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Scofieux]
Mr. SCO FIELD. Mr. Speaker, gentlemen
oppose this bill for two reasons. The first is
that it is not well calculated to accomplish the
purpose desired, aud the other is that we have
no constitutional power to legislate upon this
subject. If the bill is defective in its details
we ought to perfect it here by amendments,
and put it in such a form that it will accom-
plish the purpose in view. If we have no con-
stitutional power to legislate upon the subject,
then of course we ought to lay the bill on the
table.
This question of constitutional power comes
up so often in this House that I am induced
' to say a word upon that subject. I am myself
what used to be called, when I was a member
of the Democratic party, a " State-rights"
man. I always believe in local legislation,
bringing down as closely as possible to the
people the regulation of their local affairs. I
believe in township legislation. I believe in
permitting township officers to take charge of
roads and schools and the greater part of all
the legislation that immediately concerns the
people of the particular locality. I believe in
county legislation and State legislation. But
when we come to a subject which reaches ail
over this country, which does not affect spe-
cially any township or county or State, then,
if ihere is power m the Constitution to enable
Congress to act. I think it is our duty to act.
The Constitution provides that—
" Congress shall have power to regulate commcrce
anions the Staler."
I know it has been said that this includes
only coastwise commerce. 1 know that there
is a large school of men who adopt this lim-
ited construction. .Bet the men who made the
Constitution were far-seeing men. Although
they had at that time no commerce between
the Slates except the coastwise, althou gh there
was no internal navigation by means of rail-
roads and steamboats, the (miners of the Con-
stitution adopted broad language, whieh would
cover the future condition of the country and
give to Congiess the power to regulate all inter-
nal commerce between the States. This ease
comes clearly within that provision. I am sorry
to see our friends on the other side, who were
brought up in the same political school with
my fell, endeavoring to carry the doctrine as far
as oursouthern brethren" did just prior to
the war in order to protect slavery.
Mr. MUNGEN. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a single question?
Mr. SCOJFIELD. The gentleman must
excuse me. 1 have only live minutes.
Mr. MUNGEN. I only wanted to ask
whether Ohio, Pennsylvania, or any other
State, has not full power to regulate this
matter by State legisla! ion ?
Mr. SOOEIELD. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman. 1 hold that when a gentleman on the
floor couiteously declines to yield to a gentle-
man who asks that courtesy any attempt of
the interrupting member to thrust in his speech
shows that he is not deserving of the courtesy
he asks. When a gentleman refuses to yield
me the floor I always take my seat, without
endeavoring to force in my remark without his
consen1.
Mr. MUNGEN. _ The gentleman might have
answered my question in less time than he has
taken to rebuke me.
TiieSPEAKEil. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. iit-'XGEx] is out ot' order. The gentle-
man liom Pennsylvania [Mr. Scovield] is
entitled to the floor and has declined to yield.
Mr. SCOl'TELD. Mr. Speaker, I was say-
ing that tor a number ol years prior to the
w.;i ear sou'.iaTn .statesmen, in oider to pro-
tect shivery, expanded the doctrine of 11 State
rights" into the heresy of ''Statesovereignty."
The latter was the phrase which they adopted.
And when the war came on at last, and States
seceded, our Democratic friends, who then had
control of the Administration, and who had
succumbed to this doctrine of "State sover-
eignty," were unable to find in any part of the
Constitution any power to carry on the war.
Such men as General Lee, Captain Semmes,
CommodoreMauiy, and all the leading men in
the Army and Navy hailing from the South were
so infected with this doctrine of "State sover-
eignty" that they said. ''There is no national
sovereignty ; State sovereignty is supreme : if
our State goes out of the Union we must go
out with it.
Now I go back to the old Democratic doe-
trine. Wherever legislation can be properly
accomplished by a township, a city, a county or
a State, I am in favor of that kind of legislation,
lint, when you come to the commerce among
all the States, those who framed the Constitu-
tion of the United States, with great foresight,
gave it to the Congress of the United States.
Let us take up that subject and legislate prop-
erly. If gentlemen find details of the bill
wrong, point them out, and I will vote for
proper amendments.
Mr. Speaker, I know that my friend from
Maryland spoke on that subject rather than
the other ; but I have only had time to answer
what has been said in reference to the consti-
tutionality of this legislation.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I must now demand
the previous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. ELDiiiDGE. I hope the gentleman
will yield to me.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I have given half
the time to the enemies of the bill. 1 desire to
say something myself, but inasmuch as there
are a number of gentlemen who are anxious
to speak fui whose feelings and desires I have
the utmost respect, and inasmuch as I cannot
yield to them, I have deprived myself of being
heard, as I must deprive them.
Mr. ELDIIIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will allow me a woid of reply, as I raised this
question of constitutionality. He promised
to do so.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I said yesterday
that I would allow the gentleman from Wis-
consin to be heard, but up to this moment he
has never expressed a desire to take the floor.
Now I have not the time to spare; and, as he
did not ask for it, I did not suppose he wanted
the floor. I would be the last man in this
House to treat my friend discourteously. I
should like to be heard, but I shall forego that
desire. I feel that I must demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Then I must move that
the bill be laid upon the table. You will save
time by allowing me to say a few words in
reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who
lias specially referred to me.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. At the request of
friends I will withdraw the demand tor the
previous question and yield to the gentleman
from Wisconsin. ITow much of the morning
hour is left?
!'he SPEAKEL. Thirteen minutes.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. 1 yield, then, to
the gentleman for five minutes.
Mr. ELDHIDGE. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. ScofxeldJ tells
us that there is a necessity for the passage of
the pending bill because of the inability of any
other than the Federal Government to furnish
a remedy for the evils suggested. What greater
difficulty is there in the States regulating this
matter of the treatment of dumb animals while
being transported by rail from one part of the
country to another, than while remaining in
the localities? Cannot the State of Pennsyl-
vania enact such laws of police sis may be
deemed proper and expedient for the purpose
of preventing cruelty to animals during trans-
portation over Hs railroads? Cannot every
State in the Union do that? Therefore, why
necessary, in this particular case, to provide
for it by an act of the Fedeial Government
more than any other ? It is at least a doubtful
question of constitutional power.
The gentleman truly says that this bill is
a far-reaching act, that it reaches into every
State of this Union. It does, indeed, reach
into every State of this Union. And that is
one of the objections I make to it. You might
as well—you have the same right and power—
go into every town, village, and school district,
and prescribe the police regulations of these
several organizations. This is a police regula-
tion ; a police regulation merely. It is a regu-
lation never before claimed to be within the
power and jurisdiction of Congress. If this
bill can be enacted into* law, if Congress has
the power to pass this bill, cannot the kind
of harness, the style of wagon, and the mode
of driving every horse, mule, and every other
domestic animal used and worked through-
out the length and breadth of the land be pre-
scribed? It is only required, in order to give
the power and jurisdiction to Congress, under
the view of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
that these animals shall be driven across the
line of a State. It is a most absurd proposi-
tion. As to the necessity which the gentleman
urges, there is no necessity for Congress to
pass this bill. The States have full and ample
power to meet the whole case. I believe,
too, with the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Akcher,] that this is absolutely a cruel bill,
an inhuman bill, calculated to be more injuri-
ous to live stock passing over our railroads
than the present regulations. It proposes to
have these cattle in transitu unloaded at cer-
tain points of time after shipment, without
regard to their condition, without legaid to
the necessity which may or may not exist in
the particular case. It is an ai bitrary rule ;
not resting upon the condition of the animals,
but resting upon law arbitrary and absolute.
We do not need any such regulation. I woul I
rather leave this subject with the men who
are most interested; with those who own
them; with those who will gain or lose most
by their condition when they reach the mar-
ket. They are interested in having the cattle
passed over the roads safely, quickly, aud in
good marketable condition, and so thabthey
shall not be injured by the journey. All this
matter of shrinkage and loss of stock and
injury to stock to whieh the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] alluded had bet-
ter, far better, be left with those most int' r-
ested in the animals themselves.
Mr. Speaker, it looks a little as though this
bill was m the interest of the car-makers ; as
though some one interested in a new car for
transportation of cattle could be served by it.
It is said by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Cook] that there are certain ears now that
would meet the requirements of this bill. It
may be so. I know nothing of that matter.
I only believe it far better, in any view, to
leave this subject of legislation with the States,
where it properly and legitimately belongs.
Mr. "WILSON, of Ohio. I demand the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. 8WANN. Pending that I move that, the
bill be laid on the table, and on that motion t
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, nays 113, not voting
6-1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ad.ims, Archer, Barnaul. Book,
Big-gs, Bird, Booker, James Brooks, Bun, Oatlaii.
Churchill, Conger, Conner, Cox, Dickinwin JJ "
Duke, Eldridge, Getz, Gibson, Grunvold, il;-
Haldeman, Hale, Ilambloton. UamiH, Hawking
Johnson, kerr, Knott, Lewis, Mmmnj, Jiai-di ii i.
Mayham, Mckenzie, Millies, Moi'san.ileiui en,
lack, Potter, Kandall, llice, jiotrers, ^chumaku,
Sherrod, Stiles,Stone, Stounhton, Swaoo Sv,n"i
Taylor, Trimble, Van Aukcn.Vnn Truim.. 1\ ni'
Chester, and H ood—."iti.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Aroli'er, Aria-trooe. A.--
per, Atwood, Ax'teil, Aytr, ijaiiev, Barrv, Bi.ruais,
Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, JLiin'sdniu.Ue.nif
brooks, Buck. BuDiuton, Buio-bard, Benjjii.in J'.
Butler,, Cefs-niw William I. Clink, A um-ii, (J.ibk Cl.r.-
tonL.Ooblj. Cook, Comes, Cn'bs, Cmimu, Dju.-v,
Wegener, Nathan I'. Dixon, Donley, Duval.
J'eii'iPS, ImiteiDbai'K, Filler, i'ltch, C'utieki, Cti-
illan Hamilton, Haw-ley, ltay, iloiliu, llill. Hoi-
man, Holmes, In^ersoll, Jenckes, Alexander 1 ■.
