1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
465
Jones, .Tudd, Kelley, Kelsey, Keteham, ICnapp,
Laflin, Lougtiridge, Lynch, McCarthy, MeCormiok,
MoOrary. McGrew, MeKee, Moreur, Eliakim II.
Moore, Jesse If. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J.
Jlonell, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer,
Paine, Valinor, Peck, Perce. Phelps. Piatt, Poland,
Pomeroy, Porter, grosser, Rainey, Reeves, Roots,
Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks. Lionel A. Shel-
don, Siocum, John A. Smith, "William J. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Strong, Tillman,
Townsend, 'l'yner, Upson, Van Horn, Wallace, Cad-
waiacier C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, "Wells,'Wheeler. Willa.rd, Williams, John
i\ Wilson, Winans, and Wolf—113.
NOT VOXINU—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Banks,
Benton, Blair, Boles, Bowen. Boyd, Buckley, Bur-
dett, Roderick K. Butler, Cake, Sidney Clarke,
Cleveland, Coburn, Dan-all, Diekey, Joseph Dixon,
llookery, Dyer, l'arnsvvoith, Feny, Fox, llanis,
ilays, Hoar, Iloge, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Thomas L.
Jones, Julian, Kellogg, Lasix, Lawrence, Logan,
Maynard. McNeely. Morey, Morphis, Samuel P.
Morrill, Morrissey, Negley, Nowsham, Peters,San-
ford, Porter Sheldon, Shober, Joseph S. Smith,
fforthington C. Smith, Stevenson, Strader, Strick-
land, Sypher, TaflV. Tanner, Twicliell, Van Wyck,
Voorhees. Ward, Whitmore, Wilkinson, i^ugene M.
Wilson, Witeher. and Woodward—61.
So the Iioase refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs, will
the House second the demand for the previous
question?
Mr. NiBLACK. I rise to a question of
order. Has not the morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. The morning- hour has
expired, but unless some gentleman entitled
to the floor should demand it the Chair would
not hold that ho himself should bring the
morning hour to a close. The Chair desires
to state that he will not hereafter announce
the expiration of the morning hour. The
morning hour must be brought to a close by
some gentleman, who, at the expiration of the
sixty minutes, has a right to the floor; as, for
instance, the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, when he rises to move that tile
House go into Committee of the Whole. The
Chair on his own motion has caused a dial to
he placed in front of the Clerk's desk on
wkich is marked the time at which the morn-
ing hour begins, and every gentleman can thus
see for himself when it closes, and govern him-
self accordingly. But the Chair does not con-
ceive it to be the true construction of the rule
that the Chair should bring the morning hour
to a close. It must be brought to a close,
except on Monday morning, by some gentle-
man entitled to the floor.
'Mr. N1BLACK. I perfectly agree with the
construction of the rule given by the Chair.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to see the pend-
ing question disposed of, and .will yield for that
purpose if it can be disposed of bya single
vote.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Let us try it.
Mr. NIBLACK. Wo shall ask the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. ELDllIDGE. We cannot dispose of !
this by a single vote. ;
Mr. DAWES. If it cannot be disposed of j
at once I must claim the floor. j
The SPEAKER. Then the bill goes over I
until Tuesday next. ;
CLAIM OF GEORGE CIIORPliXNINQ.
Mr. DAWES. Before moving that the House !
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on ]
the state of the Union I desire to bring to their ]
attention a special matter. Upon the last day
of the last session, and appearing in the book
of United States laws as the last measure
approved by the President, a joint resolution
was passed authorizing the Postmaster Gen-
eral to adjust the accounts of George Chorpen-
ning. It passed through by unanimous con-
sent in the hurry of the last days of the ses-
sion. This was the third, I think, of a series
of bills of a like character which, since I have
been here, have been passed in favor of Mr.
Chorpenning. This was stated to be merely for
the purpose of allowing him remuneration for
some items left out of his account. I am
credibly informed—I say credibly informed,
although perhaps I ought to have said it is
almost incredible—that under that resolution
41sx Conu. 3d Sess.—No. 30.
thus passed, and which, as I have said, was the
third of a series, and, as I supposed, would
close the accounts of my distinguished friend,
Mr. Chorpenning, a warrant has been issued for
the sum of §443,000, and is now before the
Sixth Auditor for settlement. Under the cir-
cumstances, and with some knowledge which
I have of the history of this transaction, I feel
compelled to ask the House to adopt the res-
olution which I send to the Clerk's desk. I
may be misinformed as to the facts, but I do
not think I am.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Jtexnlvprt, That the Committee on Appropriations
bo instructed to inquire into the allowance and man-
ner of allowance of the claim of George Chorpenning,
approved July 13,1870; and that the Sixth Auditor
be requested to delay the payment of any warrant
therefor till report thereon, and that they have
power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the adoption of that
resolution without expressing any opinion re-
flecting upon any officer of the Government,
but with a desire to ascertain the facts and
report them to the House.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider he laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CULLOM, it was ordered
that a copy of the resolution be sent to the
Secretary of the Treasury and to the Sixth
Auditor.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. TOWNSEND, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions of the papers accom-
panying the application of James St. John.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Moore,
of Illinois, for ten days from and after to-mor-
row.
red river navigation.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back the bill (H. It. No. 2093)
to incorporate the Shreveport and Upper Red
River Navigation Company, and moved that
tho same be recommitted to the committee,
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
treat5iknt 01' west l'oix'l1 cadets.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution;
which were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas it iseharged in tho public press that a few
nights ago.Cadets Bair<l, Fleelimger, and Barnes, of
tho fourth class, West Point cadets, were taken from 1
their rooms, stripped of their uniforms, and driven
from West Point Academy by a number of cadets of
the first class, who had conspired for the purpose of
perpetrating a cruel wrong against the rights and
the honor ot tho young men betore mentioned, and
against tho districts they represent ia the Academy: (
Therelore. ;
lie it resoWerl. That the Committee on Military ,
Alfairs be empowered to send fot persons and papers ,
to investigate said ma Iter of the expulsion and sub- ;
sequent enforced resignation of Cadets Baird, Fleck-
inger, and Barnes and to report tile facts to the |
House, with such recommendations, by bill or other-
wise, as the iacls in their opinion may warrant; i
and the committee shall have leave to report at ;
anytime. !
Mr. JOHNSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the moliou to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to'.
CONTINGENT MILITARY EXPENSES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
to the House a statement of the expenditures
of the Treasury, War, and Navy Departments
during the year 1870 from the appropriation
for contingent expenses of the military estab-
lishment; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
navajo indians.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior, in
relation to the appropriation of $75,000 made
July 15, 1870, for feeding the Navajo Indians
in New Mexico; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
winnebago annuities.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting to the House an esti-
mate of funds required for the payment of
annuities to certain Winnebago Indians; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
statue of abraham lincoln.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, recommending the appropriation
of $5,000, to pay balance due Vinnie Ream
on contract for Lincoln statue; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
gkandis konde reserve.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting to the House a report
from the Committee on Indian Affairs upon
the survey of the Grande Iionde reserve, and
asking that an appropriation of $7,000 be
made; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
sprinufikld armory.
[i The SPEAKER also laid before the House
j a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting to the House a statement of "the
expenditures of the national armory at Spring-
field, and of the arms and repairs to arms
made at said armory during the year ending
June 30, 1870; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
bo printed.
oath of office.
Mr. BECK. I ask unanimous consent to have
taken from the Speaker's table, and referred
to the select Committee on Reconstruction,
Senate bill No. 218, prescribing the oath of
office to be taken by persons who participated
;i in the late rebellion and who are not disquali-
! fied from holding office by the fourteenth arti-
i cle of amendments to the Constitution of the
i! United States,
i! Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
•j Mr. BECK. I only ask its reference to a
i committee.
j Mr. MAYNARD. So I understand.
!i bridges as post koutes.
;! Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
I introduced a bill (II. R. No. 2704) to amend
j an act to authorize the construction of certain
bridges and establishing them as post routes;
;S which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Railways and Canals, and
;i ordered to be printed.
i Mr. KERR. During the Fortieth Congress
there was taken before the Committee on Rail-
ways and Canals some very important testi-
mony on the subject of bridges over navigable
rivers. That testimony, which has never yet
been printed, consists of the professional opin-
ions of some of the most eminent engineers in
this country, concerning the proper dimensions
of such bridges ; the most eminent of whom,
perhaps, Mr. John A. Roebling, is now dead.
I ask unanimous consent to submit for consid-
eration at this time the following resolution:
llesolvd, That the testimony of John A. Koebling,
Benjamin II. latrobe, J. H. Randolph, and other
eminent engineers, upon the general subject of river
bridges, taken by the Committee on Hallways and
