1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1291
and the affidavits are of the secretaries of the
meetings, who state that they put the names
of the individuals there with their own hands,
each man coining up in person and requesting
that his name be pat down. In that way tliey
explain why the signatures are, so many of
them, in the same handwriting. The affiants
are respectable gentlemen and gentlemen of
character. I ask that the petition which is on
the table be taken up, in order that I may
amend the motion and have both these peti-
tions referred together to the select Commit-*
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Without any
instructions?
Mr. POOL. Without any instructio ns.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that order will be made. The peti-
tions will be so referred.
Mr. FENTON. The trustees of the Inter-
national Methodist Episcopal church at Niag-
ara Falls represent that they have organized
and commenced the construction of a suitable
substantial church on the American side of
Niagara Falls in order to afford opportunities
of divine worship to all who have occasion to
visit the falls, and that it is their design that it
shall be a free church. They further repre-
sent that they are obliged to use materials in
the construction of this edince from the Cana-
dian side; and they ask Congress, therefore,
to relieve them from the payment of duties on
all the materials which may. enter iuto the
construction of their church, and particularly
the article of stone, of which they will use a
great quantity. I move the reference of the
petition to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS presented a memorial of A. H.
Davis and others, in relation to the disposal
of the Miami Indian lands in Kansas; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
PAPERS ■WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That William B. Campbell be permitted
to withdraw the memorial and other papers, relative
to his claim tor the value of an unfinished steam-
boat, now on file in the office of the Secretary of the
Senate.
IROX-CLAD CONTRACTORS—VETO.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 92) for the relief of certain contractors
for the construction of vessels of war and
steam machinery, with the veto message of the
President of the United States thereon, have
had the same undercoiisideration, and directed
me 10 report it back and ask present action
on the veto, with a view of then introducing
another bill on the subject.
The VICE PR ESI DENT. TheSen'ator from
Nevada reports back the veto message of the
President of the United States on the joint
resolution, originating in this House, which
the President returned with his objections, for
the relief of certain contractors for the con-
struction of vessels of war and steam ma-
chinery ; and under the Constitution it is the
duty of the SeuatQ to proced to its reconsider-
ation. It is now before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We must have the yeas
and navs nnon it.
The "VICE PRESIDENT. Under the Con-
stitution the vote must be taken by yeas and
navs.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator from
Nevada report back the joint resolution just
as it stood before ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has to be voted on
just as it was before.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that.
Mr. NYli. I desire to introduce, at the
moment the veto is acted upon, n fac simile ■
of the joint resolution with the objectionable
clause left out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
any course the Senator deems best.
The Chief Clerk read the .title of the joint
resolution.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Let it be reported in
full.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia asks for the reading of the joint reso-
lution in full. It will be read.
Mr. NYE. I presume the Senator from
Virginia has no iiesire to have the whole joint
resolution read. It is perfectly familiar to
him. The clause upon which the veto mes-
sage rests is the concluding clause of that joint
resolution which repeals certain laws that ex-
isted in relation to the same subject before.
The action of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
as I am directed to report it, is that the veto
be concurred in, or that we take no action
upon that resolution. And then I propose to
introduce at once a substitute for the joint
resolution with that repealing clause out, and
I shall ask to have it considered now. I think
with this explanation the Senator from Vir-
ginia will not care to have the whole joint
resolution read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Virginia withdraw his request ?
Mr. JOHNSTON. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
" Will the Senate, on reconsideration, agree to
the passage of this joint resolution ?" which
question by the Constitution must be taken by
yeas and nays. The Secretary will call the roll.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll,
and Mr. Abbott and Mr. Anthony answered
to their names.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This matter is not un-
derstood. The question,.I suppose, is, "Shall
the joint resolution pass, the veto of the Pres-
ident to the contrary notwithstanding?"
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pro-
pounded the question which the Constitution
requires him to propound, which is : "Will the
Senate, on reconsideration, agree to the pas-
sage of this joint resolution, the objections
of the President notwithstanding?"
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The roll-call has
commenced.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object to any discussion.
Mr. COLE. So do I.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am very sorry 
The VICE PRESIDENT. There have been
two responses; and the Chair cannot, except
by unauimous consent, suspend the roll-call.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a total misap-
prehension of what the Senator from Nevada
wants."
Mr. CASSERLY". I ask unauimous con-
sent that the roll-call may be suspended for a
moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California asks unanimous consent that the
roll-call may be suspended and again resumed.
Is there objection?
Mr. HAMLIN. I object.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator object
to some Senator stating—perhaps the Senator
himself can tell us—what the grounds of the
veto are ?
Mr. NYE. The ground of the veto was that
the joint resolution as itpassed the two Houses
contained at the end a.clause 
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not hear a word the
Senator is saying.
Mr. CRAGIN. If my friend from Nevada
will allow me, I will state it so that I think
everybody will understand it in a moment.
By a previous law these contractors were not
to be allowed any compensation in consequence
of the increased price of labor and materials
during the time they were building these ves-
sels, and in this joint resolution, that passed
the Senate at the last session, that clause was
repealed, so that in going to the Court of
Claims they could put in a claim for the in-
creased labor and cost of material; and the
President in his veto message says he thinks
that is not right; that, that ought not to be
allowed 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not the question
at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the roll-call.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from-
Vermont objects to debate. The question is,
"Will the Senate agree to the passage of this
bill, the objections of the President to the con-
trary notwithstanding ?!' The roll-call will pro-
ceed.
The Chief Clerk proceeded and concluded
the call of the roll.
Mr. CASSERLY, (before the result was
announced.) I did not vote when my name
was called, because I did not learn anything
aboutthe question. I have since learned suffi-
cient about it to enable me to vote " nay."
Mr. SAWYER. I do not know anything
about it; but as so many Senators have voted
"nay" I am going to vote "nay."
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall let* my vote
stand, because I am satisfied that when I vote
against the President I am sure that I vote
right.
The result was announced—yeas 2, nays 57;
as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Ross and Saulsbury—2.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Blair, Brownlow. Buckingham,* Cameron, Carpen-
ter, Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Conklins, Corbett,
Davis, Edmunds, Fenton, Flanagan, Gilbert, Ham-
ilton of .Maryland, Hamiiton of Texas, Hamlin, Har-
lan. Harris. Hill, Howard, Howe, Howell, Johnston,
Kellog£, McDonald, 2fye, Osborn. Pomeroy, Pool,
Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Steams, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton. Trumbull. Viekers.
Warner, Willey, Williams, Wiison and Yates—57.
ABSEXT—Messrs. Boreman, Cattell, Cragin,
Ferry, Fowler, Lewis, McCreery, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson, Sprague,
Stewart and Thurman—14.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Two thirds not
having voted in the affirmative, the joint reso-
lution is pot reconsidered or passed.
Mr. NYE. I now offer the following reso-
lution by direction of the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 320) for the
relief of certain contractors for the construc-
tion of vessels of war and steam machinery
was read the first time by its title.
Mr. NYE. I desire to have it read at length. •
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution, as
follows:
Be it resolved, &c. That the claims for building
vessels of war and steam machinery, referred to in
the act for the relief of certain contractors for the
construction of vessels of war and steam machinery,
aps>roved March 2, iiCT, be referred to the Court of
Claims, which is hereby vested with jurisdiction
under said act, and whose duty it shail be to invest-
igate and determine the claims ot the several parties
upon the principles and rules laid down in said act,
and the finding of said court in the premises shall
have the same force and effect as any other judg-
ment of said court; but no claim shall be considered
by said court unless the same be.presented therein
within one year atter the passage of this resolution.
Mr. Nl'E. I wish to state to the Senate
that that is precisely the former resolution
with this objectionable clause, referred to in
the veto message, left out, with one addition,
and that is that they shall prefer their claims
within twelve months. The subject has been
so thoreughly discussed here in the Senate
on the passage of the other resolution that I
hope this resolution, in view of the absolute
necessities of the persons for whose relief it
is intended, may receive the immediate con-
sideration of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this joint
resolution ?
Mr. COLE. If it leads to any discussion I
must object.
Mr. NYE. I do not think it will lead to
discussion.
Mr. TIPTON. I desire to present a report
from a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator object to the present consideration of this
joint resolution?
Mr. TIP TON. I must make my report.
Mr. NYE. In one minute.
Mr. WILSON. I think it ought to lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSeuator from
Massachusetts objects.
