466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
C^-Qals in January and February, 1SG9, be printed
for the use of the House.
No objection being made, the resolution was
received, read, and adopted.
cihna mail steamship service
Mr. LYNCH. In pursuance of instructions
by the Committee on the Decline of Ameri-
can Tonnage, I ask unanimous consent that
that committee be discharged from the further
consideration of House bill No. 1388, to pro-
vide for increased mail steamship service be-
tween San Francisco and China, and that the
same be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
mexico mail steamship service.
Mr. LYNCH. I am also instructed to ask
that the Committee on the Decline of Ameri-
can Tonnage be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of House bill No. 1801, to
authorize the establishment of ocean mail
steamship service between the United States
and Mexico, and that the same be referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
SETTLERS ON PCRLIC LANDS.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2705) for
the relief of s'ettlers upon the public lands and
claimants under existing law who have served
in the Army or Navy of the United States ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
reconsideration of 11knkkences, etc.
Mr. RANDALL. I move a reconsideration
of ail references and recommittals of bills,
&c , this morning; and I also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
printing 01' petitions.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent
that two petitions I hold in my hand be printed
in the Globe, and referred to appropriate com-
mittees.
Mr. FERRISS. I have no objection to the
reference of those petitions, but 1 object to
their being printed iti the Globe.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. BI2ATTY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. 282) authorizing the appointment
of commissioners in relation to the republic
of Dominica; when the Speaker signed the
same.
executive, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed t .
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Scofield in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of House bill No.
2524, making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 80, 1872.
The Clerk read the following clause:
For paper for the public printing, $725,915.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the
clause just read by reducing the amount to [
$450,000. That is the amount which was !
appropriated for the current fiscal year. After
the explanation given yesterday by the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Dawes] I can see no reason why the amount
mentioned in this clause should not be reduced
to the amount appropriated for a similar ser-
vice last year. I understood the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to say yes-
terday that this extra appropriation of five
hundred thousand dollars and more is ren-
dered necessary by a bill which was expected
to reduce to $50,000 expenses which before
amounted to one hundred and fifty or two hun-
dred thousand dollars. And I understood the
gentleman to say that he did not believe this
appropriation of $500,000 to be necessary. If
so, I do not see why it should be made.
Mr. DAWES. The amount which was asked
for by the Government Printer for expenses in
connection with printing Patent Office matter
was in addition to all this largo sum. He sent
to the Committee on Printing a letter saying
that in consequence of that bill, passed since
the estimates were made, it would be necessary
to add these sums. I think the Public Printer
was mistaken on "that point; and I think he
is now satisfied that he was mistaken. But,
nevertheless, the amount provided in this bill
is necessary independently of that. This does
not arise out of or have reference to the change
in regard to publishing Patent Office matter.
The large increase contemplated by this bill
over the appropriations of last year arises out
of a general growth of the printing establish-
ment, resulting from a vaiiety of causes, one
of which, when it was under consideration yes-
terday, the House seemed disposed to nurse
and encourage rather than curtail.
It is the opinion of the Committee on Appro-
priations that the legitimate duty of the Public
Printer is to print for the use of Congress and
the Departments, and for nobody else. But
that is not the policy of Congress. Congress
loves to order printing for the use of the peo-
ple, to be distributed gratuitously and to save
the people the expense of purchasing books.
That seems to be the policy of Congress, as
indicated very decidedly in the debate of yes-
terday. So long as this policy is sanctioned
we are obliged to keep pace with the growth
of the public appetite. The public appetite
increases, and the public expenditure must
increase in proportion.
Besides all that, the legitimate expenditures
for the use of the Government have increased.
Within a short period of time we have provided
that all the blank books-printed for the use of
all the custom houses m the country shall be
prepared at the Public Printing Office in this
city. There is economy in having these books
all prepared at one point. Heretofore .they
have been printed at the different cities where
custom-houses are located ; so that a whole
set of books printed at New York would be
duplicated at Boston aud at all the other places
where there are custom houses. Thus a large
expense was incurred unnecessarily. There
is a great saving by having all these books
printed here. While it increases the appro-
priations for the public printing at this point, it
relieves the revenue service from a heavy charge
at various points throughout the country.
I think there is no possible way of making
this item smaller than it is except by an aban-
donment of the present policy with regard to
public printing, so that we shall print nothing
except what is absolutely necessary for the pur-
poses of the Government. I pray for the time
when this change in the policy of Congress shall
be made. In my opinion, the enormous expend-
iture of more than two million dollars on this
Public Printing Office should not be tolerated.
But on this point the sentiment of the House
differs from my own. If I should move here
to cut down this appropriation, in order that
the gratuitous distribution of documents might
be curtailed, I should not get a corporal's guard
to vote with me. The present policy cannot
now be changed, and I hope my friend from
Iowa [Mr. Pomeroy] will permit the Public
Printer to have the means to carry it out.
Mr. POMEROY. I had supposed that the
amount referred to yesterday by the gentleman
from Massachusetts was the amount asked for
by the Congressional Printer in his estimate.
I withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
For lithographing, engravis«« and mapping copies
of maps, plans, and diagrams in facsimile on tracing
linen, $91,000.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by inserting after the word
"lithographing" the word "photo-lithograph-
ing."
_ Mr. DAWES. Photo-lithographing is pro-
vided for at the Patent Office.
Mr. REEVES. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend by striking out the last word, for the
purpose of asking a question of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr.
Dawes,] having this bill, in charge, and of
making a few preliminary remarks. I observe
that for paper, printing, binding, and litho-
graphing for the office ot the Public Printer no
less a sum than $2,001,231 10 is appropriated,
and for the ordinary expenses of his office
the further sum of $15,014, while the debate
already had has revealed the fact that it is
proposed to erect a new building and equip it
with improved machinery for the uses of the
same official at a cost of some $150,000 more,
making an aggregate proposed expenditure in
one year on account of this bureau of a de-
partment of the Government—a bureau which
but a few years ago was not in existence—of
$2,166,000. The chairman of the Appropria-
tions Committee also referred in his remarks
to the fact "that this bill increases the expend-
itures on account of public printing over what
they were last year by some $600,000; and he
thereupon expended much of what, accord-
ing to my humble judgment, was misdirected
energy in admonishing the House and the coun-
try that if we do not repeal the saving proviso
respecting the permission given third parties to
get as much printing done at the Public Print-
ing Office as they choose to pay actual cost for.
there is no telling where we shall come to m
this matter of expense for printing.
Mr. Chairman, I do not hesitate to say that
we have already come to a point where we
ought to stop an'd begin to go backward instead
of forward in these printing expenditures.
Why, sir, $2,000,000, dwarfed as that sum may
be in the fertile imaginations of some gentle-
men familiar with the tremendousfigures which
the war introduced into our financial calcula-
tions, is yet an enormous amount to be taken
from an overtaxed people and expended upon
objects of such very questionable utility, not to
say expediency, as we have strong reason—in-
cluding, I think, the testimony of the distin-
guished chairman himself—for believing many
of the publications proceeding from the Public
Printer's office are. Repeatedly we have heard
on this floor, or have read in the speeches and
editorials of prominent gentlemen represent-
ing the Republican party, that tons on tons of
printed matter of the description provided for
by this two-million appropriation, being of
neither actual nor sentimental interest to any
mortal being, are annually thrust into back
rooms or buried in cellars, or, better stiil, con-
signed outright to the appropriate custody of
the paper-maker, who can, at least, extract the
defiling ink with which the white paper was
sullied and restore it to its pristine purity.
Yet w§ now have presented to us, coming
from the apostle of reform, the radical of
retrenchment^the genius of economy, whose
glowing zeal for the public welfare made him
seize the very horns of the Administration
altar and compel his unwilling party associates
to pour out with him a libation to the hitherto,
to them, "unknown god" of conservatism in
the art of spending other people's money ;
from such a source we have a proposition to
increase by over half a million the cost of a
branch of the public service which he well
knows is open to so many valid objections and
liable to so many abuses. 1 ask ot him how he
reconciles it to his conscience, so "tender and
true" just before the elections in New Hamp-
shire and Connecticut last spring, to proclaim
the verity of this Administration's pretended
regard for economy, and at the same time
deliberately give it $2,000,000 to spend in a
