1904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
name of Eosanna Allason, widow of Robert
F. Allason, late lieutenant colonel in the thirty-
eighth regiment New York volunteers, and pay
her a pension from and after the passage of
the: act, to continue during her widowhood.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BIRD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mrs. fanny a. siiarwood.
Mr. BIRD also, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 1534, granting
a pension to Fanny A. Sharwood, widow ot
Dendy Sharwood, with an amendment.
The bill directs that the pension heretofore
granted by the Department of the Interior to
Mrs. Fanny A. Sharwood, widow of Dendy
Sharwood, late of the United States Army, and
which was discontinued by reason of her mar-
riage with Levi A. Grose, at twenty dollars a
month, shall be restored and continued during
her widowhood, to commence on the 18th of
March, 1868.
The amendment was to strike out "to com-
mence on the 18th of March, 1808," and to
insert "from and after the passage of this
act.''
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third lime; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BIRD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The hour for pensions has
expired.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a bill (H. R. No. 3085)
to relieve certain persons therein named from
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United States. These men have petitioned
for the removal of their legal and political
disabilities.
Mr. KELSEY. Have these men petitioned
for it themselves?
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. They have peti-
tioned for it themselves.
Mr. MAYNARD. Where do they live ?
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. In Texas.
Mr. CONNER. Let us hear it read.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. 1 move to suspend
all rules and pass the bill without reading.
Mr. MAYNARD. How many names are
in it?
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. Ninety-nine.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof;) and the bill was
passed.
port op galveston.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I move to dis-
charge the Committee on Commerce from the
further consideration of House bill No. 2870,
to appoint an appraiser for the port of Gal-
veston, Texas, and for other purposes.
Mr. BLAIR. I object.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I move to sus-
pend the rules, to discharge the committee and
pass the bill.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
President of the United States, with the advice
and consent of the Senate, shall appoint an
appraiser for the port of Galveston, Texas,
whose duties shall be the same as those of
similar officers in other ports; and the ninth
section of the act of Congress passed May 7,
1822, entitled "An act further to establish the
compensation of officers of the customs, and
to alter certain collection districts, and for
other purposes," is hereby amended by adding
Galveston aforesaid to the ports therein enum-
erated ; and the appraiser of said port shall
receive a compensation of §>3,000 per annum.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof;) and the bill was
brought before the House, and passed.
message prom the senate.
A message received from the Senate, by Mr.
Sympson, one of its clerks, announced that
that body had passed bills of the following
titles without amendment:
An act (H. R. No. 1999) granting a pension
to Maria Pratt; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1718) for the relief of A.
A. Vance, postmaster at Morristown, New
Jersey.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
with amendments, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 2591) relating to tele-
graphic communication between the United
States and foreign countries; and
A bill (H. R. No. '2220) granting a pension
to Mary Cunningham.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence' of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 1874) to provide for reissue
of national bank notes, and for other pur-
poses; and
A bill (S. No. 1875) granting a pension to
Fanny Bell Daker and George W. Daker,
minor children of William T. Daker.
It announced, in conclusion, that the Senate
had agreed to the conference asked on the
part of the House on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on House bill No. 2995, mak-
ing appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal years ending June 30,1870,
and June 30, 1871, and for former years, and
for other purposes, and had appointed as
managers of said conference on its part Mr.
Cole, Mr. Howe, and Mr. Viciceus.
TEXAS CLAIMS.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I move to suspend
the rules and to pass a joint resolution extend-
ing the time within which the creditors of the
republic of Texas may file their claims at the
Treasury Department.
The joint resolution was read. It directs
that the time fixed by law within which the
creditors of the late republic of Texas may
file their claims at the Treasury Department
oe, ana the same is thereby, extended to the
1st day ot danuary, 1873.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 aesire to make an in-
quiry. Are these claims which come up under
tne treaty by which Texas was annexed?
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. This joint resolu-
tion is for the payment of a balance still lying
in the Treasury, and the Secretary requests
that a bill of this character may be passed in
order that the parties interested may get their
money.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has the gentleman any-
thing from the Secretary which may be read ?
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I have not the
letter here.
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems a very ancient
affair.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I will state in a
word or two what are the facts. In the adjust-
ment made between the late republicof Texas
and this Government there were $7,500,000
appropriated to pay the creditors of Texas.
Of that amount all has been paid but $101,-
113 27. That amount is now standing on the
books of the Treasury Department, and is
ready to be paid as soon as this joint resolu-
tion shall be passed.
Mr. MAYNARD. Was it not covered into
the Treasury at the end of the last fiscal year?
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. It was not.' It
belongs to the State of Texas, and it is emi-
nently just that the joint resolution should be
adopted. I ask for a vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Texas when the time expired
for filing those claims ?
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. On the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1861.
Mr. HOLMAN. Ten years ago.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. . Yes, sir.
The question being taken on suspending
the rules it was not agreed to; two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
NATIONAL BANK NOTES.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I.ask leave to
take from the Speaker's table Senate bill
No. 1374, to provide for a reissue of national
bank notes, and for other purposes. _ Before
the bill is read I desire to say that it is the
House bill which the Committee on Banking
and Currency have unanimously agreed to,-and
the Senate have passed it in the very words of
that bill without amendment. I ask that it be
put upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
JBe it enacted, &c„ That as soon as practicable,
after an appropriation shall have been made by law
for tho purpose, the Comptroller of the Currency
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury
shall cause to bo engraved and prepared, in the
Treasury Department, on such paper and of such
form and design as he may prescribe,  irculating
notes for national banking associations, and shall
issue the same to national banking associations in
place of the worn and mutilated circulating notes of
said associations, in accordance with the provisions
hereinafter prescribed; and any additional issue of
national bank notes that may be made in pursuance
of law shall be in the new notes herein provided
for so soon as the same are ready for issue.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That, under such
rules as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe.
theTreasurer and Assistant Treasurers of the United
States, and the officers ot all national banking asso-
ciations, shall forward for redemption to tho original
bank of issue, or to its redeeming agency, all worn
and mutilated national bank notes, and said bank
of issue or its redeeming agency shall forward the
same to tho Comptroller of the Currency, who shall
destroy the same and issue new notes in lieu thereof,
as now provided by law.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the officers
of every national banking association shall cause
the word "counterfeit" to be plainly written, cut,
or stamped across the face of every counterfeit note
which may be offered to, or may come into the pos-
session of, said association.
When the bill bad been read in part,
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe" the gentleman
from Ohio [-Mr. Garfield] has not moved to
suspend the rules on that bill.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is on the floor for that purpose. As there may
be some misapprehension on this point, the
Chair will make an explanation. A gentleman
rises to move to suspend the rules and pass a
bill. It is the duty of the Chair to have clearly
stated to the House what the suspension of the
rules involves, what the measure is on which
the House is called to vote. The reading of
the bill is essential to that, and therefore the
gentleman's right to move a suspension of the
rules is not taken away by the reading of the
bill, which is done for the information of the
House, that members may vote intelligently.
Mr. HOLMAN. But the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr, Garfield] has not made that mo-
tion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rose for that
purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not
make the motion in terms, but the Chair con-
sidered that he did so in effect; because no
motion now, except in regard to a conference
report, is of any value whatever, unless a
motion to suspend the rules.
The Clerk then resumed and concluded the
reading of the bill.
Mr. POTTER. I hope the rules will not be
suspended. This is another great job.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I desire to ask my
colleague [Mr. Garfield] a question. Has
counterfeiting been perpetrated to such an
extent as to justify this vast expenditure on the
part of the Government ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no doubt
of it. The Secretary of the Treasury says so.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I suggest to my
