1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1293
under tiie customs laws; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to
be printed.
john' i!. bennett.
Mr. STEARNS. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1051, for the relief of John R. Bennett, late
register of the land office at Chatfield, Minne-
sota.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. STEARNS. I appeal to the Senator
from California to hear me for one moment.
This is an old man who has served through two
wars and been in the public service all hislife ;
and as the result of a wrong construction of
the law by one of the Departments he is abso-
lutely penniless, dependent for his daily bread
from day to day upon his friends here in the
city ; and his friends desire, if he does not get
this relief, to raise money and send him home.
He has been here from day to day in a state
of mind bordering on insanity. Being an old
man, who has served through two wars and
been a public servant all his life, it seems to
me that that is a reason why we should pro-
ceed to the consideration of his claim. The
bill has passed the House of Representatives,
and I think the question now ia on its third
reading here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill on a
previous day progressed to the question of its
passage, and was cut off by the expiration of
the morning hour. The Secretary will report
the bill, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No objection
being made, the question is, " Shall the bill
pass?"
The bill was passed.
union pacific railroad bonds.
Mr. THAYER. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved. That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire and report as to the right
of the Treasury Department t& retain alt tho com-
pensation forservices rendered for the United States
by the Union Pacific railroad and its branches, to
apply on the interest of the bonds issued by the Uni-
ted States to aid in the construction of said road.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That precise question
was referred to the Judiciary Committee, and
it has been under consideration there for some
time; and the committee are now examining
it on a similar resolution of the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. But the question is
whether that resolution covers all that this
one does. The Senator might as well let this
resolution pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is the precise
question.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think the reso-
lution before the committee covers this pre-
cise question. At any rate there will be no
harm in passing this resolution.-
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be again read. I
think it is the same.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The resolution
is subject to objection. It will be reported
again.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is substantially the
same thing.
Mr. STEWART. It might be as well to
pass this resolution. It will not do any harm.
Mr. THAYER. I understood that this
question was not embraced in tho resolution
before the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is.
Mr. THAYER. I understood that that
. related to the time the interest was due.
Mr. HOWARD. This resolution has no
connection with the other resolution referred
to by the Senator from Illinois. The ques-
tions are entirely distinct.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the resolu-
tion? The Chair hears none, and the question
is on its adoption.
The resolution was adopted.
cj5ntennial anniversary of independence.
Mr. CAMERON. In accordance with the
notice that I gave yesterday, I now move to
take up the bill reported from the Committee
on Foreign Relations, fixing the place for the
celebration of the centennial anniversary of
American independence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business having concluded, the Senator from
Pennsylvania, in pursuance of previous notice,
moves to proceed to the consideration of the
bill indicated by him. That motion is in order
under the rules.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1478) to pro-
vide for celebrating the one hundredth anni-
versary of American independence, by holding
an international exhibition of arts, manufac-
tures, and products of the soil and mine, in
the city of Philadelphia, and State of Penn-
sylvania, in the year 1876.
Mr. CAMERON. It" is not necessary that
I should make any remarks on this subject. It
is perfectly well understood, and I take it for
granted there will be no opposition, certainly
there ought to be none to the passage of the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secfotary
will read the bill.
The bill was read. Its preamble recites that
the Declaration of Independence of the United
States of America was prepared, signed, and
promulgated in the year 177G, in the city of
Philadelphia; that it behooves the people of
the United States to celebrate, by appropriate
ceremonies, the centennial anniversary of this
memorable and decisive event, which consti-
tuted the 4th of July, 1776, the birthday of
the nation ; that it is deemed fitting that the
completion of the first century of our national
existence shall be commemorated by an exhi-
bition of the natural resources of the country
and their development, and of its progress in
those arts which benefit mankind, in compari-
son with those of older nations; that no place
is so appropriate for such an exhibition as the
city in which occurred the event it is designed
to commemorate; and that, as the exhibition
should be a national celebration in which the
people of the whole country should participate,
it should have the sanction of the Congress of
the United States. The bill therefore pro-
vides that an exhibition of American and for-
eign arts, products, and manufactures shall be
held, under the auspices of the Government
of the United States, in the city of Philadel-
phia, in the year 1876. A commission to con-
sist of not more than one delegate from each
State and from each Territory of the United
States, whose functions are to continue until
the close of the exhibition, is to be constituted,
whose duty is to be to prepare and superintend
the execution of a plan for holding the exhi-
bition, and, after conference with the author-
ities of the city of Philadelphia, to fix upon a
suitable site within the corporate limits of the
city where the exhibition shall be held. The
commissioners are to be appointed within one
year from the passage of the act by the Pres-
ident of the United States, on the nomination
of the Governors of the States and Territo-
ries, respectively. In the same manner there
is to be appointed one commissioner from each
State and Territory of the United States, who
is to assume the place and perform the duties
of such commissioner or commissioners as
may be unable to attend the meetings of the
commission. The commission is to hold its
meetings in the city of Philadelphia, and a
majority of its members are to have full power
to make all needful rules for its government.
The'commission is to report to Congress, at
the first session after its appointment, a suit-
able date for opening and for closing the exhi-
bition, a schedule of appropriate ceremonies
for opening or dedicating the same, a, plan
or plans of the buildings, a complete plan
for the reception and classification of articles
intended for exhibition, the requisite custom-
house regulations for the introduction into this
country of the articles from foreign countries
intended for exhibition, and such other mat-
ters as in their judgment may be important.
No compensation for services is to be paid to
the commissioners or other officers provided by
the act from theTreasury of theUnitedStates.
Whenever the President shall be informed by
the Governor of the State of Pennsylvania
that provision has been made for the erection
of suitable buildings for the purpose and for
the exclusive control by the commission herein
provided for of the proposed exhibition, the
President is, through the Department of State,
to make proclamation setting forth the time
at which tho exhibition will open and the place
at which it will be held, and he is tojjommun-
icate to the diplomatic representatives of all
nations copies of the same, together with such
regulations as may be adopted by the commis-
sioners, for publication in their respective
countries.
The Committee on Foreign Relations re-
ported the bill with an amendment, to add at
the end of the seventh section and the United
States shall not be liable for any expenses
attending such exhibition, or by reason of the
same."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
please suspend. The morning hour has ex-
pired. and the Senate resumes the considera-
tion of the unfinished business, being the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the Senator from Cali-
fornia will allow us ten minutes to dispose of
this bill. I presume there will be very little
discussion upon it, as it has been fully consid-
ered in the House of Representatives and in the
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate:
and I will state one reason why I ask it. The
Legislature of Pennsylvania is now in session,
and under the provisions of the bill it is ex-
pected that as soon as it is passed the Legis-
lature will make appropriate provision for the
erection of the necessary buildings for the cen-
tennial celebration. It will be necessary that,
that appropriation be made soon and tha t those
preparations be commenced, and for that rea-
son we desire to have action upon this bill now.
I do not suppose it will lead to much discus-
sion, and I appeal to the Senator for that much
time at least to try it.
Mr. COLE. I presume the Senator from
Pennsylvania nearest me [Mr. Cameron] has
accomplished all that he desired this morning
in having the bill read, and I cannot give way
to the consideration of this bill, which I
have no doubt will consume very considerable
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business is before the Senate.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. 0. E. Babcock, one of bU
secretaries, announced that the President, had
this day approved and signed the following
joint resolutions :
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 108) to author-
ize the President to permit William L Ilatis--
com. late a naval constructor of the Navy of
the United States, to withdraw his resignation-
of that office ; and
A joint resolution (,S. R. No. 238) for the
relief of Lieutenant Commander John N.
Quackenbush.
business of judiciary committee.
Mr. CARPENTER. To-day was set apart
for the hearing of certain bills from the Judi-
ciary Committee ; but as I know it would be
absolutely impossible to interpose anything
between the Senate and the Senator from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Cole,] I ask unanimous consent
that Friday of next week may be set apart,,
after the .morning hour, for the hearing of
