1906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
$20 national currency;
$20—Fourth National Bank of Philadelphia.
$20—First National Bank of Indianapolis.
$20—First National Bank of Portland.
$20—Fourth National Bank of the city of New
York.
$20—First National Bank of the city of NevrYork.
$20—Shoe and Leather National Bank of the city
of New York.
$10 national currency:
$10—Third National Bank of Philadelphia.
$10—Flour City National Bank of Rochester.
$10—Highland National B<tnk of Nevrburg.
$J0—First National Bank of Philadelphia.
$10—First National Bank of Pittsburg.
$10— Merchants' National Bank of Chicago.
$10—Commerce National Bank of city of New York.
$5 national currency:
$5—-Jewett City National Bank. Connecticut.
$5—People's National Bank, Jackson, Michigan.
#5—Utica City National Bank, New York.
$5—First National Bank44captured."
$2 national currency:
$2—National UnionBank, Londerpark, New York.
$2—Market National Bank, New York.
The question was put on the motion to
suspend the rules; and there were—ayes 31,
noes 63 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield, of
Ohio, and Mr. Johnson were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 54, noes 75.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
enrolled bills signkd.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
A bill (S. No. 381) authorizing the St. Paul
and Pacific Railroad Company to change its
line in consideration of a relinquishment of
lands;
A bill (S. No. 574) to extend the ti me for the
reversion to the United States of the lands
granted by Congress to the State of Michigan
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Pk-e Marquette to Flint, in said State, and for
other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 892) to provide for a building
suited to the use of the post office, the pension
and revenue officers, and the judicial officers
of the United States in the city of Trenton,
New Jersey;
A bill (S. No. 1041) to relieve certain persons
therein named from the legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States,
and for other purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 1204) to authorize the restora-
tion of James Belger to the rank of major
and quartermaster in the Army.
importation of breeding animals.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
to have the Committee of Ways and Means
discharged from the further consideration of
House joint resolution No. 470, construing
the act of July 14, 1870, entitled "An act to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,"
■so as to provide for the admission of animals
specially imported for breeding purposes free
of duty from the Dominion of Canada, and
that the same be noiv passed.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the paragraph of section twenty-one
ot an act entitled 4'An act to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes," approved July
14, 1870, relating to the admission of animals
specially imported for breeding purposes free
ot duty from beyond seas, shall not be con-
strued to prevent the importation of such ani-
mals free of duty from the Dominion of Canada.
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to me that would
operate to the disadvantage of our own farm-
eis ; but I will not oppose it.
Mr. CONGER. It is desired by the Secre-
■ tary of the Treasury that Congress shall givea
construction to the words " beyond the seas."
No objection being made, the committee of
Ways and Means were discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the joint resolution, and
the same was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
st. croix and lake superior railroad.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
that the rules be suspended and Senate joint
resolution No. 187, extending the time to con-
struct a railroad from the St. Croix river or
lake to the west end of Lake Superior and to
Bayfield, taken from the Speaker's table and
passed, with an amendm^it which the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Welker] will offer to it.
I wish to say that this joint resolution is simply
one to extend the time for completing the road.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to debate.
The first section of the joint resolution pro-
vides that the grant of land heretofore made to
the State of Wisconsin by the acts approved
June 3, 1856, and May 5,1864, to aid in build-
ing a railroad from St. Croix river or lake to
Superior and to Bayfield be, and is hereby, re-
newed and ext.ended for the period of seven
years to the State of Wisconsin for the use
and benefit of the railway companies desig-
nated by said State in the year 1869; such
extension to commence and date from May
5, 1809; all lands to be conveyed by patents
upon the same terms and conditions as are
contained in the act granting land to the said
State, approved June 3, 1856; provided that
the word mineral, when used in the preceding
acts hereinbefore referred to, shall not be held
to include coal or iron ; and provided further,
that neither of said railway companies shall
be entitled to the provisions of this resolution,
unless it shall complete twenty miles of its
road within eighteen months from the date of
the passage of this resolution, and at the rate
of twenty miles ayear thereafter until the same
is finished. And should any company to which
this grant may inure fail to build its road within
the time extended, that portion of said lands,
for which such company shall not be entitled
to patents, shall revert to the United States,
and shall be immediately placed in market
and subject to private entry, preemption, and
homestead location under existing laws, and
the company or companies to which this grant
may inure are each hereby required to deposit
with the treasurer of Wisconsin, for the use
of said State, within sixty days from the pas-
sage of this resolution, the sum of $50,000 in
such securities, national or State, as shall be
satisfactory to the Governor of said State; and
if either of said railway companies shall fail
to comply with the provisions of this resolu-
tion, the sum so deposited by such company
shall be forfeited to the State aforesaid; and
as soon as either of said railway companies
shall have constructed twenty miles of its road
to the satisfaction of the Governor of said
State, the securities so deposited by it shall
be returned to such company ; and should
either of said companies fail to comply with
any of the provisions of this resolution the said
State of Wisconsin may transfer the lands here-
tofore and hereby granted (to which such com-
pany would be entitled by a compliance with
the provisions of this resolution) to any other
company, on condition that sueh company to
which such transfer maybe made shall deposit
$50,000 as aforesaid within sixty days from
the date of such transfer ; and that the grant
for said Bayfield line be, and the same ishereby,
extended to the town of St, Croix Falls, upon
the same terms and conditions as if said ex-
tension had been made part of the original
and supplemental grant, and that such grant is
made to said State for the benefit of said com-
pany designated for the construction of said
line from the town of St. Croix Falls to Bay-
field. The second _ section provides that the
lands granted by this act, excepting only such
as are necessary for the company to reserve for
depots, stations, side-tracks, wood-yards, stand-
ing-grounds, and other needful uses in oper-
ating the road, and timber and mineral land,
shall be sold to actual settlers only, and in
quantities not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres to any one person, under such rules
and restrictions as may be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Interior, at such prices as will
secure to said companies, their successors or
assigns, an average of not more than $2 50 per
acre for the land actually certified for each
completed section of twenty miles of said rail-
roads ; and to insure an enforcement of this
section it shall be the duty of the company
receiving the certificates from the Secretary of
the Interior as aforesaid, for the lands granted
in aid of the construction of the first section
of twenty miles of either of said railroads and
within one year thereafter to fix a price on each
one hundred and sixty acre tract described in
said certificates in such manner and at such
rates that the average price of the whole amount
certified shall not exceed $2 50 per acre, and
report the same to the Secretary ofthe Interior,
exposing a copy of such report to the public
in the office of the secretary of sueh company ;
and any person actually settling upon said land,
or any Government subdivision thereof, shall
have the right to purchase, at the price so fixed,
any unsold parcel of said land upon payment
of said price ; and on payment therefor it shall
be the duty of the secretary of such company
to make out duplicate certificates of the sate
under the seal of the company, send one to the
Secretary of the Interior and deliver the other
to the purchaser; and it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of the Interior to issue to such
purchaser a patent for the land described in
his certificate, as in cases of land sold by the
United States. And the same form of proceed-
ing shall be observed with respect to the lands
certified by the Secretary of the Interior on
each succeeding completed section of twenty
miles, of either line of said railroads ; provided
that no certificate of lands to such company
or companies on any completed section after
the first shall be made by the Secretary of the
Interior until he shall have received a report,
as aforesaid, of the price fixed on the land,
certified for the next preceding completed sec-
tion of either of said railroads.
Mr. WELKER. I offerthe following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the joint reso-
lution :
Andprovided/urther, That by this act no additional
lands shall be granted than those heretofore granted
by the acts of Congress hereinbefore mentioned.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I now
move that the rules be suspended, and the joint
resolution, with the amendment, passed.
The question was taken, and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 59, noes 25 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Washburn-,
of Wisconsin and Mr. Vas Aukex were ap-
pointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were-—ayes 88, noes 41 ;
two thirds voting in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. RANDALL called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and there
were—yeas 101, nays 79, not voting GO; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong Asper
Atwood.Ayer. Barry, Beaman, Bennett. Betbuno!
Blair, Boles, Booker, Bowen, George M. Brooks,
miUC w®n?kley*B ™deft> K;odc!"ck R. Butler,Church- .
ill William T Clark, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L.
Cobb.Conger,Cook,Darrall,Dawes. Degcner, Nathan
?i1X£n' ®00|,f17' Donley, Dox, lildndge, tfnrns-
v;°n, ]^lshor1-IHille Jlamiiton, Ham*, 11 aw-
it ► i I • V i'i T0ar' lloiiiies, lfocn>er,
llotchkiss, Ingersoil, Jenckes, IC alley. Laflin. Lash
LvnclV Maynard, McCarthy. MoCrary,
ft fSi t n°o esse ^0ury. Morey, Morphis,
tel IMU1"01,1, Samuel P.Morrill,Myers, NegJey,
Pi?tt f> i jero Paine, Palmer, Peck, Peters,
Flatt, 1 oland, Pomeroy, i'orter, Prosser, Kainey,
Jioots. bantord, Sawyer. Scofield, Lionel A. Shel-
don, Porter Sheldon, Shorrod, William J. Smith,
