468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think the point of order
comes too late. When the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] declared to the
House that he would not make the point of
order on this motion, I then indicated it as
part of my motion and spoke to it.
The CHAIRMAN. And on that part of the
gentleman's motion the gentleman from Ten-
nessee raises a point of order and the Chair
sustains it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think the gentleman
was too late in raising the point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. Not at all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I had made the motion
and discussed it.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman did not
make the motion in that form.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. BenjajiixJ
to make the addition to his motion as he was
about to take his seat.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I made it also before
that.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman might
have made it before, and the Chair will take
his word for it, of course; but he repeated it
just before he sat down.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I repeated it because I
saw the gentleman from Tennessee was going
to make a point of order upon me ; but I
merely repeated a motion I had made before.
Mr." MAYNARD. I did not understand the
proposition to be made in this form until I
objected to it as out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. .
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman from
Missouri presses his motion in its original
form, I desire to say a word against itif he
does not, why, of course, I have nothing to
speak to.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is pending.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to say, then, Mr.
Chairmanj that I differ entirely from the tone
and spirit of the remarks of the gentleman
from Missouri in support of his motion, and
of course I am opposed entirely to the motion
itself. This is a people's Government, a Gov-
ernment of the people. 'The capital, however,
is a long way off from a great portion of the
American people, and our object should be to
bring the Government as near to the people
and to put them as closely in communication
with it as possible, and in no way can we do
this so readily or so effectively as by giving
them the largest possible acquaintance with
the laws that we enact.
Now the gentleman says that this is not the
best mode of communicating the laws. I con-
cede that they can he printed in a much hand-
somer form. Little & Brown's pamphlet is
a great deal better than the columns of what
the gentleman disparagingly calis the "coun-
try newspapers." Even the pamphlets pub-
lished down here at the Government Printing
Oflieo are superior. But the country news-
paper that the gentleman disparages does pub-
lish them in a form in which the people can
read them, and do read them, and comprehend
them; and instead of perhaps the dozen or
twenty or one hundred copies which are given
to gentlemen here to circulate under their
franks, and which are about all the pamphlet
copies that get into many districts, the coun-
try newspaper circulates them by the thou-
sand, and circulates them in a form and at an
expense compared with which the cheapest
pamphlet copy that we can print is a very
onerous and heavy burden to the Treasury.
I am opposed to any measure which will
tend to detract from the acquaintance of the
people of this country with our acts here as
their Representatives; and I am astonished that
a gentleman of the experience of the gentle-
man from Missouri, representing a constitu-
ency so remote as his and mine are from the
great centers of communication, should object
to this mode of letting his constituents know |
the legislation of which he and I are in part |
the organs. It is wrong, and I am surprised '
at the turn the gentleman's economy takes, not i
only on this, but on various other occasions, |
striking at those very thiugs that tend to com- !
municate a knowledge to the American people j
of what is going on in their name in this House |
and elsewhere, and communicate to them not j
only the laws bat the documents that lie at the j
foundation of those laws, the documents that j
we have here for examination and which we j
do examine, and upon that examination per- j
feet our statutes and regulate the policy of the j
country.
I trust that not only will the motion of the t
gentleman from Missouri not prevail, but as j
a proviso has been added here which is to [
some extent a modification of the present law, |
I would be glad to see even that removed, I
so that all our legislation shall have the :
widest and completest range that it is possible
to give it. I
[Here the hammer fell.] ;
Mr. ROGERS. I move to amend the pend- j
| ing paragraph by adding thereto the following:
And only in such papers as havo the largest circu-
lation in the Stales and Territories.
Mr. MAYNARD. I raise the point of
| order on the amendment, that it is not in
j order on an appropriation bill, being new
! legislation.
; The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules j
] the point of order. \
j Mr. MAYNARD. As I understand it the i
| present law requires the Clerk of the House
! of Representatives to make a selection of the
, papers in which our laws shall be printed,
i; Certainly this amendment proposes to inter-
iI fere with that law. j
ij Mr. DAWES. I think the amendment pro-
i1 poses a change in the existing law, which con-
!| fers the power of selection upon the Clerk of
11 the House.
j! The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
j1 opinion that the amendment is in order to this
proviso as it now stands. It does not propose
i| to take away from the Clerk of the House the
|| power to select these papers; only to impose
;i a limitation upon that power, the same as the
! proviso does iu its present form.
S Mr. MAYNARD. This amendment gives
| the Clerk no power whatever of selection,
i Mr. DAWES. The proviso is in the exist-
! ing law.
| The CHAIRMAN. The amendment pro-
vides that the papers having the largest circu-
lation shall be selected.
Mr. DAWES. The present law prescribes
110 limitation upon the power of the Clerk of
the House to make this selection. This amend-
ment proposes to put a limitation upon that
power.
Mr. KELSEY. This proviso does change
the existing law.
Mr. DAWES. As the proviso is printed iu
the bill it does not change existing law, for it
is taken from the statute.
Mr. KELSEY. I understand that the pres-
ent law gives the Clerk of the House the right
to select these papers, while this proviso au-
thorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to make
the selection.
Mr. MAYNARD. Oh, no!
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairhas overruled
the point of order.
Mr. ROGERS. I desire to say in a few
words what are my reasons for offering this
amendment, and why I think it should be
adopted. My friend from Missouri [Mr. Ben"-
jamin] has stated some of the objections to
the present law as carried out. I know that
in some of the States these laws have been
published in papers without any circulation,
and therefore that is merely so much money
thrown away. Now, if these laws could be
1 published in the papers having the largest cir-
| culation in the several States, respectively, I
1 could then understand that some good result-
might come from this appropriation, but not
otherwise.
My attention was called to this subject dur-
ing the last session of Congress. I know that
in my own State there was selected, as one of
the papers in which to publish the laws of the
United States, a little paper that was scarcely
known outside of the little town of two or three
hundred inhabitants where it was published;
a little- town situated in a remote corner of
the State, where there were scarcely any mail
facilities, and no means provided for reaching
the people of the State generally. And ye",
we were called upon to appropriate money to
support that little sheet, in the interest, it
may be, of some political combination in that
State. I am therefore opposed to any such
system, though the adoption of the amend-
ment I have moved would do away with some
of my objections.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I am opposed to theprop-
osition of the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
Rogers,] because its adoption would defeat
the very object which we have in view in making
an appropriation for the purpose of dissemin-
ating through the different parts of the country
a knswledge of our laws. Take my own State,
for example; the largest city in the State is
Memphis, a city just at the extreme southwest-
ern corner of the State. Although the city of
Memphis is locally in the Slate of Tennessee it
is teaiiy as much a city of Mississippi and Arkan-
sas as of Tennessee. The papers in that large
city, I presume, havo a greater circulation than
the papers of other parts of the State, certainly
larger than the circulation of the papers of my
own partof the State. But the Memphis papers
never circulate in my part of the State ; my
constituents hardly ever see them. We are
four or five hundred miles distant from Mem-
phis. And to publish the laws in the papers
of Memphis alone, or even in the papers of
Nashville, would he practically to leave the
portion of the State where I live—-at one end
of the State, and Tennessee is a long and nar-
row State—entirely without information in that
regard. The object of leaving this matter -with
the Clerk is that he may exercise his discre-
tion, having in view the circulation of the
newspapers, and especially their locality, so
that the information imparted by this method
of publication shall be disseminated as far as
possible throughout the special portion of the
State or Territory. I hope the amendment
will not prevail.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Before a
vote is taken on this question I wish to pro-
pound an inquiry to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] Does not the pro-
viso iu the bill contemplate new legislation?
Does it not change the law now upon the stat-
ute-books providing for the publication of the
laws in different newspapers?
Mr. DAWES. I will state to the gentleman
that so far as I remember—and I believe I state
the matter correctly—this proviso is exactly
the law as it was enacted last year, with this
exception : I have offered an amendment to
insert after the word "laws" the words "or
parts of laws,'' and that amendment has been
adopted without objection. With that excep-
tion I think the provision is in the precise
words of the existing law. There has been no
intention on the part of the committee to change
the existing laws.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Neverthe-
less, I am impressed with the belief that there
is a change in the law by the terms of this por-
tion of the bill.
. .fAWES. I am very confident that this
is, in ipsissima verba, the provision of the law
of last year. I will read that provision :
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form, and hi
newspapers of tlio States and Territories, and in the
city of \V ashinsfoii, S75,(JQ0: Provided, That no laws
or treaties shall be published in newspapers except
thosei which areof agciiml nature, which laws shall
be selected by the Secretary of State, and tho samo
snail m all eases be published without delas'.''
