1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
400
I have read this from the statute-book.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. The gen-
tleman reads from the appropriation bill of
last year.
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts will recollect that this proviso
was amended on the motion of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Laflin] so as to limit
it to two newspapers in each State arid Ter-
ritory ; and, in view of that amendment, the
Chair ruled the amendment now offered to be
in order.
Mr. DAWES. I ana only speaking of the
original text of the bill. I hope we shall have
ii vote on the amendment of the gentleman
from Arkansas.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Arkansas,
to insert at the end of line two hundred and
thirty the words "and only in such papers
sis have the largest circulation in the State or
Territory."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw the motion
I before made, to strike out the entire para-
graph, and offer a substitute, which I send to
the desk.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Missouri withdraws his motion, to strike out
the paragraph, and offers a substitute, which
will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form. $10,000;
and all laws requiring laws to be published in news-
papers are hereby repealed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Chairman, I am not
disposed to cut off a reasonable appropriation
1'or publishing the laws in pamphlet form.
Such publication is evidently necessary, and
I do not know of any abuse that has grown up
in connection with it, unless it is of the char-
acter we were discussing here yesterday. It
is unnecessary for me to repeat what I have
already said in regard to 
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order
on this amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I-apprehend the gentle-
man is too late.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think not.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Missouri offered this amendment; and after he
had offered it some time elapsed in sending it
to the Clerk. The Chair repeated the state-
ment that the gentlemen had withdrawn his
motion to strike out and offered this as a
substitute. The proposition was read by the
Clerk; and then, when two or three minutes
had elapsed from the time of offering the
amendment, the gentleman from Tennessee
raised his point. The- Chair thinks that the
point of order comes too late.
Mr. PLATT. I desire to say that I should
have made a point of order on the amendment
had I not understood it had already been taken
by the gentleman from Tennessee.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order has
been overruled by the Chair as being too late.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Chairman, I will
merely state, in reply to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Matxard,] that while I be-
lieve it is the duty of Congress to bring the
laws to the knowledge of the people, so far as
possible, this manner of doing so is utterly
ineffective. Now, I venture the assertion that
not one of the papers described in Tennes-
see, or in any other of the States, circulates
one hundred copies beyond the limits of the
county in which it is published. We confine
the publication to two papers in each State,
and in most instances they are papers without
any general circulation. They are taken by
the people in the immediate localities for the
local news they contain. They never circulate
beyond these localities.
I will venture another assertion: that the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Matjtabd]
might go wit a a search-warrant throughout
the whole State of Tennessee, and he* would
not find five copies of the papers preserved
which have published the laws in that State
for the last ten years. They are not indexed,
and they are not in such a form that they
could be consulted by anybody. The publica-
tion of the laws in these papers merely affords
a means by which they may be subsidized in
the interest of one party or another; and that
is all. We have a chance to correct this abuse
now, notwithstanding the point of order which
was attempted to be raised by the gentleman
from Tennessee. We have an opportunity to
save at least S40.000, a considerable item, in
connection with this subject; and I think it is
the duty of the House to repeal the law re-
quiring this appropriation, so as to cut down
this expenditure, when it is so apparent, as it
seems to me, that it is entirely useless. I there-
fore hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, it seems to
me if the gentleman wishes to strike at the root
of this evil he ought to do it in a bill sepa-
rate from this. In what he has stated in ref-
erence to the publication of the laws in the
newspapers he reads a lecture to nearly all
the States in the Union, and especially to the
northern States. In the State in which I live
we print some twenty thousand copies of the
session laws for general distribution. We also
authorize the publication in two newspapers
in each county of all the laws passed by the
Legislature.
These laws in the newspapers are not expect-
ed to take the place of the laws published in
pamphlet form, which are indexed and bound
for the purpose of reference. They are pub-
lished in the newspapers for the purpose of
furnishing the people a general knowledge
of what is done in Congress, and if two news-
papers in each State are not enough, then let
us provide for more. Instead of restricting the
sources of information as to what is done here
I wish to enlarge them. I believe in keeping
up and allowing two papers in each State at
least to publish the laws of the United States,
and I am in favor of as many more as we may
find to be necessary for a thorough dissemina-
tion among the people of what is done here.
Mr. DAWES. I move, by general consent,
that all further debate on this bill be closed
until we reach the paragraphs about the United
States and Mexican claims commission.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The question recurred on Mr. Benjamin's
amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes CO, noes 41.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Mayxakd and
Mr. Benjamin were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 09, noes 52.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department:
For compensation of the Seoretary of the Treasury,
W.000; two Assistant Secretaries of the Treasury, at
$3,500 each; chief clerk, $2,200; forty-nine clerks of
class lour, additional to one clerk of class four as
disbursing clerk, thirty elerlis of class three, twenty-
six clerks of class two, twenty-seven clerks ot class
one; thirty-two female clerks, at $000 each; eleven
messengers, one assistant messenger, and ten labor-
ers; one captain of the watch, $1,400; one engineer,
$1,200: one machinist and gas-litter, fel,200; one store-
keeper, §1,000: thirty watchmen, at 5720 each, and to
otic of said watchmen, acting as lieutenant, of -watch-
men, $280 in addition; thirty laborers, at $720 each;
five firemen, at §600 each; seventy women as clean-
ers, at 6180 each; in all, 8332,210.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following amend-
ment :
In line three hundred and seventy, strike out
"thirty" and insert "forty-one:" so it will read
" forty-one"" instead of "thirty watchmen."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Tor First Comptroller ofthcTreasury,$3,000; chief
clerk, S2.000; ten clerks of ciass lour, twelve cterks
of class three, twelve clerks of class two, six clerks
of class one; six copyists, at $900 each,; one messen-
ger, one assistant messenger, snd thrde laborers" in
all, $77,320.
Mr. ALLISON. I move the following amend-
ment:
In line three hundred and eighty-eight strike out
"$2,000" and insert after the word "clerk,""where
it first occurs, "and four chiefs ot division, at 32,500
each," aird after the word "dollars "strike out "ten "
and insert "six."
Mr. Chairman this amendment simply pro-
vides that the chiefs of divisions in the First
Comptroller's office shall receive salaries of
$2,500 each, and it will reduce the number of
fourth-class clerks from ten to six, the four
chiefs of division being now included among
the first-class clerks. I hope the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations will have no
objection to it.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Iowa
proposes to select out these officers, striking
them out from the number of fourth-class
clerks, in order to increase their compensa-
tion. I have no doubt the gentleman asks
this on information satisfactory to himself.
But suppose each of us should undertake to
reorganize a particular bureau in the Treasury
Department, the result would be that there
would be a lack of uniformity, to say the least,
and I think, in the end, a lack of unity. It
strikes .me that after all we had better let
the Secretary of the Treasury reorganize his
Department. I have reason to believe that in
due time he will present a bill here with that
object in view. I know that he has devoted a
great deal of time to it, and will ultimately, I
have no doubt, realize the expectations of the
Department in presenting a bill here that will
satisfy everybody in the Department. I have
no doubt he will. That is the ultimatum, and
to that end he is addressing himself.. And that
is why there is any delay on the part of Con-
gress in reorganizing that Department.
We have provided in another place for a
fund to be placed in the hands of the Secretary
of the Treasury for the purpose of providing
proper compensation for chiefs of divisions.
I am opposed to the creating of new offices in
an appropriation bill. It has no place there.
The Committee on Appropriations have in-
structed their chairman to address a letter
to the Secretary of the TVeasury, setting forth
that it is impossible in an appropriation bHl
to reorganize the Treasury, and asking him to
hasten up the bill which he is preparing. That
duty has been performed, and I have great
expectations of a bill for th'e reorganization
of the Treasury Department.
I beg my friend from Iowa [Mr. Allisox] to
be patient and to wait till that bill is presented.
We cannot reorganize this bureau in an appro-
priation bill. It would be out of place here.
It would destroy the beautiful harmony that
now reigns among all the bureaus of the Treas-
ury Department and work infinite harm. I
suggest; to my friend that, however he may
feel the inadequacy of the compensation which
some friend of his, deserviug and well merit-
ing higher compensation, may receive, he
should not press his amendment now.. His feel-
ing is one which is common to all of us. Each
one of us feels like rising in his place and vin-
dicating the merits of some friend he may have
in a bureau or in a Department in a vain effort
to reorganize that bureau. I suggest, there-
fore, to the gentleman from Iowa that the con-
fidence that I know he reposes in the Secretary
of the Treasury requires of him that he shall
exercise patience, being satisfied that the
great end at which lie is now aiming will be
accomplished.
Mr. ALLISON. I am very glad to hear
from the chairman of the committee that the
Treasury Department is now organized with
so much harmony aud justiee. 1 find in this
bill a proposition, on line three hundred ana
eighty-seven, to pay the First Comptroller of
the Treasury a salary of §5,000; and on lnie-
three hundred and ninety-foal* I find a propo-
sition to pay the Second Comptroller a salary
of $3,000. Now, I would like to have the
chairman of the committee tell us if injustice
