1908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
rules, there were—ayes 37, noes85 ; two thirds
Dot voting in favor thereof.
Mr. HAY. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes 18, noes 97.
So (one fifth not voting in favor thereof)
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HAY called for tellers on the ve s and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the motion to suspend the rules was
not agreed to.
COXGliESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. PROSSER. 1 move to suspend the
rules and pass the joint, resolution reported
from the Committee on Printing. And I de-
sire to say, in explanation, that I am reporting
the wishes of the Committee on Printing,
as constituted before I became a member
of it.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Amotion was pend-
ing to lay the resolution on the table, and on
that motion the yeas and nays had been asked.
Mr. MAYNAUD._ I would suggest to the
gentleman trom Illinois [Mr. FarnrwoutjiJ
that it will be better to take the vote on sus-
pending the rules.
Mr. KAKNSWORTH. Very well. I with-
draw my motion.
The question was on suspending the rules
arid passing the joint resolution; and being
taken, there were—ayes 74, noes 41); two
thirds not voting in the affirmative.
Mr. PROSSER and Mr. CALKIN called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 10/, nays GG, not voting G7 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong. Asper.Atwood,
Axtcll, Ayer, iiarry, lieek, Bennett, Bethune, Bisks
Loles, Looker, Bowcu, Ueorgo M. Brook*. Buok,'
Buckley. Lurdett. Ualkm Cessna.William T. Clark
Cleveland, Chuton L. Lobb, Conger, Conner, Corker
Wegener, Jhckey, Donley, Duke. Jb'ox, Uillillan,
<'"swi>1(UlaiKht l aldeman.ilambleton.IIaimlton
'7'"',S' K,iy.8, llonr.lioRe. Holmos,
lijfftisoil, JenokoH, A lexiinder H. Jone;*, Thomas L.
./ones, Kiilloxz, Lo^an,, Lonjr, Manning, Marshall,
J* jay hum, .McCarthy . Melvee. AIcNeely, Morey
Morphw, Damci J AlorreU, Morn.^cy, JSInnfrou
^ * A WiinSm
iv Yi,dk' i  * a"' v" u- i;tuKer, \v imam
W. 1 ainc, iahticr, 1 oreo, i iioips, .Poland, Porter,
iriee, Iro^er, llainey, licevcs, Rice, S nford
Sawyov^uhumaker^orterlSUelUon.Slierrod.Shoher'
vSiocum, Joseph K. SniUU, William J. Smith!
Wortlnnjrton C. Sunlh, Starkweather, Stevenson
«cri.st^ndw :
NAYb—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Archer, Arnel!
r, KK r benjamin i. Butler, Churchill, Araasa
Cobb, Cook ovvJes, Cox, Crebs, Culloin lit
li XTu^'v1 nn0 'ib,urgl CV!rIield' #«•. llamilt
KpiL'v ^ i 'l1 ? miln' Uo°P r- dudd. Julian,
Jveiftcy. Jjallin, Lush, Lawrence, Lou^hridire M«>v
nard, McOormick McOmry. McOrew, Scnzfe
Ph ,T% Je??° % Mu,,ro\ NiWaek. OrthrFeck,
Piatt, 1 onieioy, barKent, bhanks, John A. Smith
TT,0VfennS'v T,K' J an"sr, Taylor, Townsend. Tyner]
S ;/5? tjuilUN WUhaai B Washburn. W elk or
NOT Vo' ' vT'li ^ln Y"lson'  n(1 Wolf-UB.
i\UI V UILVj—Alexis. Ames, Bailey, U-uik*
kranm. ('rn.Miimi if    I> ^ , '-.\u ,Si5 
_.   v,.., i/.v,iuinuii, O uaupu uiXOn i\ath;>*i
Bixon.Jjoekery, Dox.Duval, Dyer, Eldridee.l/m- «
J'erry, I'lsher, J?,tch, Gibson, Bale, llotchkiis'
Johnson, Kelloy, Kerr. Keteham, luiapp, Knott'
Lewis, Lynch, Alilnes, Kliakim It, Moore Williw
HalbeJl P T!°' Samuel f. Jlorrill, News-ham,
Tinntf y'"Pe'T1!c,I;rs, Potter, lt.uidall, Hosiers
lioots, Seofield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Stou"ht<>n*
bw.inn, Mvcency, Tafi'e, Tillman, Twieheir Van
pUWo']^au Voolilee?, Ward, Cadwalader
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
tnereot j the iules were not suspended.
I'iSIC t'XITBltSITy.
^L' P^OSSEU. I have another resolution
to oiler, which 13 not from the Committee on
irrinting. r t.iink it is one to which no mem-
ber ot the House will object. It is a joint res-
olution to confirm the purchase by the execu-
tive department of three acres of land iu the
vicinity of Nashville, and to donate the same
to the trustees of the Fisk University for
national purposes.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the purchase from Kussell Houston by
order of the executive department of the tract
of land known as the site of Fort Houston,
situate in the suburbs of Nashville, Tennes-
see, containing three acres, more or less,
which was conveyed by him to the United
States by deed executed on the 21st August,
1805, be, and the same is hereby, confirmed.
And the said tract is hereby donated to the
trustees of the Fisk University, Nashville, Ten-
nessee, for educational purposes; provided
that no further expense relative thereto shall
be incurred by the United States; and pro-
vided iurther that whenever said tract shall
cease to be used for educational purposes by
said trustees the title thereof shall revert to
the United States; and provided further that
the right to use the said tract of land for mil-
itary purposes in case of necessity is hereby
reserved to the United States.
Mr. P-ROSSEB. There is not a dollar of
money involved in this resolution. It simply
donates three acres of land for educational
purposes.
The question being put on the motion to
suspend the rules, there were—ayes 09, noes
84; no quorum voting.
Xhe SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and Mr. Peosser and Mr. Slocum
were appointed.
I he House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 70, noes -13.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
NATIONAL GALLERY OF PORTRAITS.
Mr. PETERS, by unanimous consent, from
the joint Committee on the Library, submitted
a written report upon the memorial of M. B.
Lrudy, photographer of New York, proposing
to the Congress of the United States the par-
chase ot his national gallery of portraits, and
moved that the report be printed, and recom-
mitted to the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
william ii. powell.
i\[i. Plti J bits also, from the same com-
mittee, submitted a report in writing relative
to the contract with William II. Powell for
painting a picture for the national Capitol
illustrative of sotnS naval victory, and moved
that the report be recommitted, and ordered
I? Pr'n'ei'! and also that it be printed in
the Globe.
The motion was agreed to.
The report is as follows:
- Ji10 Committee^on the Library, to whom was
referred a joint, resolution of inquiry relative to the
contract with William H. Powell for painting a pio-
turo for the national Capitol, illustrative of some
naval victory said contract being authorized by ioint
Con!?reS3' approved March 2,1885, have
considered the same, and report:
™ , r an,nuM payments of $4,000 each have
been made under the terms of the contract for said
painting, besides the advanced payment of $'000
tfeh'Svp ? JOjnt resolution; that the commit-
tee have seveial times suspended the payment of
the annual installments provided for in the resolu-
contract bv ft? tWm8 the Wiao insert?d?Stho
tW •• thft3! committee, which proviso stipulates
tndt the committee may withhold the o/ivmpnt nf
XT ^ °-f i oT$000
cr, in their judgment, the work is not satis-
actonly progressing;  that the. two last payment
< ^ owellon account ot the picture were ordered
irei ofCt°tmmittii0 0IJ,y,u5°n certificates ot the pro-
fath^L1 h whfurnished evidence deemed
authentic by the committee that the picture was
nearly corap.eted; thntthelatestevideneethus fur-
nished, under date of February 21,1870, set ■forth that
the painting is complete iu its drawing and in thn
aU the vessels engaged. TbecoJ-
ors are well laid in, and require only the retouohino-
ot light and shade to finish it. In our iudgment tile
painting may be finished by the 1st of july proximo
We aie therefore of the unanimous opinion that
lourth^;,atliVu V'Sita!lme"t wJ:' the Payment of three
whole amount appropriated by Con-
ould bo paid fortuwith. John A, Dis. E. \V
^ou0hton, irancis \inton, William 11. Aspinwall,
2^1 j*i0W' ail<^ committee, harinjr re-
paideuntnethUmi0rS7'000 Y\£ho c?ntract. as not, to he
thi?^ir Hdeln?rX ^ the painting, also required
that the picture shall be executed with reasonable
dispatch and be delivered to the committee Tritbin
five years of the date" of the contract, which term
of five years expired on the 2d of I^ebruary, A. I).
1871.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. NIBLACK. The Senate has returned
the bill (H. R. No. 2860) making appropria-
tions_ for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other
works of defense, with one amendment. I
ask that the amendment be read.
The amendment of the Senate, which was
read, was to strike out the words "such appro-
priations not to be covered into the Treasury
until otherwise specially provided."
Mr. NIBLACK. I move that the House
concur in the amendment. I regret that it has
been adopted, but we co not want to struggle
about it at this late period of the session,
Mr. GARhlELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the gentleman if he proposes to allow the
money appropriated by the bill to be cov-
ered into the Treasury at the end of the fiscal
year?
Mr. NIBLACK. The amendment of the
Senate proposes that, and we would rather
agree to the amendment than have a contest
over it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to say
to the gentleman that this is the worst class
of appropriations that you could possibiy cover
into the Treasury at the end of the fiscal year.
Time is needed for the building of fortifica-
tions. They need time to expend the money
well, and I hope the gentleman will try again
before he agrees to this amendment directing
the money to be covered into the Treasury.
Mi. DAWEj6. I think it was a great mis-
take on the part of the Senate to strike out
that provision. I cannot understands why it
was proposed to strike it out. A consider-
ation of _t,he nature of the public works and
the time it will take to expend this money, it
seems to me, would reveal to the other branch
oj Congress the necessity of retaining this
phrase in the biil; but they have thought
otherwise, and we have no time to multiply
committees of conference. I therefore agree
with iny colleague on the Committee on
Appropriations that it is best to concur in
the amendment.
Mr. NILLACIv. In what I propose I am
deterring to the judgment of the chairman of
the committee.
_ Mr. DAWES. Time will work that pro-
vision into every bill for public works.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred m.
Mr. NIBLACK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the Senate
was concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
llie latter motion was agreed to.
oceax telegraphs.
i Senate has returned the
bill (H. E. No. 2o'Jl) relating to telegraphic
communication between the United States and
loreign countries with amendments. I abk
that the amendments be concurred in.
lhe Clerk read the amendments, as follows:
£a,?e 2' a^-cr 1'ttc seventeen, insert:
feixthly. It shall not be lawtul for two or more
companies to consolidate or unite their interests
without the consent of the Postmaster General of
rtito • States, and upon such terms as he'may
determine.. If any two or more such eomLniZ
have combined or shall combine to fix the rites of
compensation for messages, it shall bp the /)?<.- lr
the tostmaster General,In the absinoo $ inter-
national convention regulating the matter to de
termme such rates, and to establish such riles
regulations with regard to them as he miv wi I
necessary, and the exercise of thesepomN^iiu!
At the end of the bill add the following :
doHai'X^o'dt'', nle'e1- 1V\t not Inore tJ"">
made tor the address and signature of any message.
