1296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
powered to accept the resignation of any judge of
any court of the United States whenever satisfactory
proof—
The amendment is to strike out the words
" who shall have held his commission as such
for not less than ten years." I am reading it
■now as the committee has reported—
■whenever satisfactory proof shall be laid before him
that such judge is, from physical or other infirmity,
permanently disabled from performing efficiently
the duties of his said office: Provided, That the
judge whose resignation shall be so accepted shall
thereafter, during the residue of his natural life, re-
ceive the same salary which was by law payablo to
him at the time of his resignation, unless such judge
shall accept some office of profit under the United
otates, or any State, in which event such salary shall
cease.
Now see, Mr. President, the Constitution
prevents our ever recalling this. By the Con-
stitution we are permitted to increase, but
never to diminish during his term the salary
of a judge, and therefore never to diminish it
during the existence of the Republic, because
no hiatus occurs during which you put down
salaries. There is a law now that the highest
provision you reach shall be paid, after seventy
years of age, for his life, to every judge. Here
is a bill which proposes, although he has not
served ten years, and although he shall not be
seventy years of age, to allow him to resign
whenever from physical or other disability the
President is satisfied that he cannot efficiently
perform the duties of his office and receive
his salary. If he accepts another office after-
ward it is to cease, to be sure, which clearly
contemplates that somebody besides dead men
are to avail themselves of this provision.
And now. speaking of these particular judges
thus to be benefited, whose salaries were fixed
oniy three years ago, and were adequate then,
we are asked to make this provision. Why?
As I said before, the cost-of living has gone
down, the purchasing power of money has
gone up, and I take issue with any Senator
■who says that the duties are on the increase.
It is not so, Mr. President. Why? Because the
internal revenue system, that fruitful source
of litigation in the Federal courts, is dimin-
ishing. Before long it is, I hope, substantially
to pass away. I am willing to avow, for one,
to-day that had I the power it would disappear
now in all regards except that remnant of it
necessary to collect the tax on malt and spir-
ituous liquors, on tobacco, and on stamps.
Every other part of this immense revenue 1
army would be disbanded could my vote attain
that result. We differ about that, but I say
that this complicated system, giving rise to
multitudinous questions which were new, which
required adjudication by the courts, is rapidly
passing away, and very soon almost entirely it
•will have vanished. The great bulk of the
bankrupt business has been transacted. That
•which remains hereafter, I might almost say,
is but a driblet of the business which has been
■transacted since the act was put into force.
But, more than that, Mr. President, the
•division of districts is in fashion. The Judi-
ciary Committee, I believe, has held, as a rule,
views averse to the creation of new districts;
but they have been overborne in the Senate
and overborne in the House, and there are
bills pending now creating new districts; so
that we find that additional judges are to be
created with diminished districts and dimin-
ished duties: and thus we find that, burning
the candle at both ends, we are continually
increasing, directly and indirectly too, the sal-
aries of the district judges, and at the same
time legislation and the lapse of time diminish
-and divest them of the duties which now rest
upon them.
There is no special duty that I am aware of
resting upon me to 'call the attention of the
• Senate to this subject; and my honorable
friend on my left [Mr. Cole] will bear witness
that I have not impeded the progress of his
appropriation bill upon Other items. I had
occasion to remind the Senator from Tennes-
■ see the other day that the appropriation bills
■ should be considered; not only passed, but
considered; and I do not intend upon any
matter, unless I think it is an important one,
to hinder at all the progress of this bill.
Mr. COLE. I should like to remind the
Senator that this is the first item, and though
he has not impeded the progress of the bill
upon any other, we have not touched any
other item as yet.
Mr. CONKLING. The first item of the
appropriation bill?
Mr. COLE. The first item that has been
discussed since we took it up.
Mr. CONKLING. That is just what I was
saying.
Mr. COLE. I will say further that this is
the third session we have had on this item.
Mr. CONKLING. We have reached the
fifty-sixth page of this bill, and we have
reached this item, which is, I repeat, the first
one that I have attempted to arrest. But, Mr.
President, I do not mean to make any apology
for calling the attention of the Senate to this
subject. This is general legislation upon an
appropriation bill, to begin with, which I do
not think is the most regular mode of doing
business; but it is here ; it is here upon the
report of the Committee on Appropriations,
as I understand ; and therefore it is our duty
to pass upon it. In my judgment, it is the
expenditure of money not only unnecessarily,
but in a case the real evil of which is not
touched; in a case which presents the instance
of men, they say, inadequately paid. Pro-
vision is not made for those men ; but even
if it were, at the same time you make indis-
criminate provision for other men who are
abundantly paid already. I feel it, therefore,
my duty to call attention to this subject.
Knowing several of these judges, as matter of
personal feeling I should be very glad to have
them benefited, if it were a mere question of
feeling, by this increase of salary; but I am
entirely, satisfied that the real demand upon
us, if there be one, is for legislation graduating
these salaries as they are now, and giving
additional compensation only where that com-
pensation is due.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to qaiet my
friend from California by assuring him that I
shall not detain the Senate very long ; and by
way of reconciling him to the few minutes I
shall occupy, I desire further to inform him
that this day belongs to the Judiciary Com-
mittee by order of the Senate, and it is only
grace and favor on our part, with a little coer-
cive application on the part of the Senate,
that has given him this day for his appropria-
tion bills, [laughter ;] and as this is the only
part of the appropriation bill that I know any-
thing about, or intend to say anything about,
and as this is a subject to which I have given
some attention, which our committee has had
under consideration, I trust'he will pardon me
for saying a few words in reply to the Senator
from New York.
Mr. COLE. I hope'the Judiciary Commit-
tee will not take the day against the decision
of the Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. As far as that rests
upon good taste the Senator will have to refer
that to me, for I have the floor by order of
the Vice President, [laughter,] and the only
way he has the appropriation bill before the
Senate is by order of the Senate.
The great point made by the Senator from
New York is that these judges ought not to
be paid the same salaries. While there is a
specious appearance about that proposition, it
strikes me to be the most unsound 011c that
ever fell from a man so sound ordinarily as
the Senator from New York. You must look
at things and the result which is to be produced
by legislation. You may take society from top
to bottom, in all the relation and departments
of life, in the professions, in the trades, in
agriculture, in commerce, everywhere, andyoa
will find that where you have paid graduated
prices you have got graduated service. I re-
member when I was a very small boy, in the
town where I lived, which was a very obscure
town away up on the mountains in New Eng-
land, our boots and shoes were all made before
the winter commenced by a cobbler who caine
around with his kit through the neighborhood.
That was the way he got his living, and as you
may imagine it was a very precarious living,
and the style of our boots and shoes corre-
sponded precisely to the living which the shoe-
maker got. We paid him horribly, and he
made horrible boots and shoes. [Laughter.]
This subject may also be illustrated by the
old anecdote of (he man who went from the
country down to Boston to a dentist to have a
tooth extracted. The dentist jerked it out
and charged him a dollar. He was perfectly
indignant. He said it was an outrage ; that he
had been drawn all over the kitchen by a doc-
tor in his place for twelve and a half cents.
[Laughter.] So you may go through with
every employment; you get what you pay for,
and you get nothing more.
Now, what is this administration of justice
in Nevada, in New York, in Wisconsin, and
in California ? Is it a specialty in one State?
Are they to have justice very pure in New
York at $7,000, and is it enough if we get it
very much diluted and polluted in Nevada at
$3,000? These men go to their, respective
situations and positions to do one and the
same thing. They go to administer justice in
the name of the United States ; and if we are
to have justice and not injustice administered,
we must have in all these places men of quali-
fication and fitness. Whether they are occu-
pied three months or six may be a question
of taxing their powers, but it does not touch
the question of the capacity you should have
on the bench.
Mr. POMEROY. But we have got them
in for life.
Mr, CARPENTER. Of course you have,
and vrndsr this vicious system, and as long a3
you continue the system you will have such
men. The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] has said that there are several dis-
trict judges who are not fit for their places. I
do not know anything about that, but I should
be astonished if there were not a great many
such cases.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to inquire
of the Senator if he thinks the way to change
the judges is to raise their salaries?
Mr. CARPENTER. I do. That is the pre*
cise point I want to come at. We are pass-
ing laws here not for this winter ij^r next
spring or summer. Legislation looks to the
future; and especially is it so, as the Sen-
ator from New York has well said, in regard
to these salaries. They are permanent.
Mr. POMEROY. We fixed them in 18G7.
Mr. CARPENTER. What I mean is, that
if we increase the salaries of these judges they
cannot be reduced; it is a permanent arrange-
ment, at all events to that height. There is
no doubt about that, for the Constitution for-
bids their reduction. That necessarily applies
to all the future of this country. Now, sup-
pose there is a district judge who has come
to his place because a good man would not
take it for the small salary; the very effect
that you complain of is produced by this
identical cause. What is the reasonable con-
struction put upon things? Will a man who
at the bar can make his $10,000 a year go
upon the bench for $2,500 a year? That de-
pends upon another question. If he is rich
lie may do it for the honor of the thing, for
the position ; but no man contends that he
is compensated. And that brings up another
point which I wish to allude to before I con-
clude ; and that is, that the inevitable tend-
ency ef these low salaries is to exclude poor
men from participation in the Government.
Mr. OONKLIiSG. How is it that we have
had such a respectable bench heretofore ?
Take the Supreme Court for example. Why
did we not have inefficient men always in
there?
