1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
increased 011 that account, members of Con-
gress included.
We saw that if we once began the system of
making the pay of one officer equal to the pay
of some other officer neither this House nor
the country would ever be able to understand
■what was really the pay of any official. And
if you increase the pay of one in this way you
will have to increase the pay of all up to the
amount given to the one to which you give the
laigest sum, or you will have constant appli-
cations, as we have now, for an increase of pay.
1 hope I do not violate any rule of the com-
mittee by saying that seeing what was about
to be the result, and being in favor of a proper
increase in proper cases, I had the honor to
offer a resolution in the Committee on Appro-
priations, which, I believe, was unanimously
adopted, requesting the Secretary of the Treas-
ury himself carefully to look over all these
questions as to the officers of his Department.,
and to prepare a bill showing what ought to be
the salaries of all the heads of bureaus, taking
into consideration the amount of work they
had to do and the amount of responsibility
imposed upon them. Comptroller Brodhead,
[ know, is a first-rate officer and has immense
responsibility, and so have many of the other
Auditors and the Register.
But we saw that if we should begin this sys-
tem of raising salaries by mere appropriations,
which is the worst possible form, making one
officer equal to another in this indirect and im-
proper way, we never could do justice; for
every Department of the Government would
come here with similar claims. The Post Office,
the War, and Navy Departments, indeed all
the others, would "be before us at once, and
we could not resist the applications with any
show of reason.
This being our decision, and the facts being
submitted to the Secretary of the Treasury, be
is preparing a bill embodying his views on this
subject. I have met the Secretary of the Treas-
ury within the last few days, and he assures
me that the bill 13 nearly ready. When we
have before us that bill, regulating in the form
of an independent law these salaries, accord-
ing to the opinion of the Secretary of the
Treasury, we can then intelligently act on the
questions involved. But if we take up the
eases of these officers one at a time, making
the salary of tlie'Seeond Comptroller equal to
that of the First Comptroller, and then the
salaries of the Auditors equal to those of the
First and Second Comptrollers, we shall be
required to increase the salary of every bureau
officer in every Department to $5,000. Some
of these officers may be entitled to this amount
of salary, but others are not; and neither the
Committee on xippropriations nor the House
can tell, without information from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury on the subject, what each
officer ought to have. The heads of Depart-
ments are the proper persons to fix and be re-
sponsible for all such increases to the country,
giving the facts on their official responsibility
for their action.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman to tell
us whether those two Comptrollers do not re-
vise and pass upon all the accounts of all the
Auditors iu the Treasury.
Mr. BECK. My information is that these
are very important otBces; but without inform-
ation from the Secretary of the Treasury _we
cannot wisely discriminate as to the relative
importance of these and the different officers
in the Departments. If we wait till this ques-
tion comes before us in the form of the bill
prepared by the Secretary of the Treasury, we
can act intelligently, so as to do no injustice,
and I propose that we shall act on it promptly.
We can then regulate these salaries according
to the labor and responsibilities imposed upon
these different officers, instead of undertaking
to do this by equalizing the salary of one officer
up to that of another, without any knowledge
of the duties of the respective officers, and both
Congress and the country will be better satis-
fied if that course is taken. It is for these
reasons, and not because I oppose the increase
of salary now proposed, that I hope the amend-
ment will not be-adopted.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Chairman, I am very
sorry to differ with my distinguished friend
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] upon this ques-
tion. I view this matter in somewhat the same
way as 1 do the amnesty question. I am in fa-
vor of general amnesty; but so long as I can-
not get that, I vote for each special bill that pro-
poses amnesty with respect to even a few indi-
viduals. So I do not object to the suggestion
of the gentleman from Kentucky that we shall
have a general revision of the salaries of these
officers ; but I see no reason why we should on
that account postpone to do justice to any in-
dividual officer who may be clearly entitled to
an increase of pay.
Any gentleman who knows anything about
the routine of business in the offices of the
First and the Second Comptroller must admit
that the Second Comptroller has twice as much
to do as the First Comptroller. The duties of
the two offices are not by any means the same;
the offices are entirely distinct. It is true both
officers pass upon accounts; but they pass upon
different kinds of accounts. The First Comp-
troller receives $5,000 a year. The Second
Comptroller, who does twice the amount of
work performed by the First Comptroller, and
whose work requires more brains, more in-
dustry, and involves greater responsibilities, is
cut down to $3,000.
Gentlemen of this House know how inade-
quate even $5,000 is for the support of a family
in Washington city, and they know that $3,000
is an utterly insufficient salary for a gentleman
of that grade of ability required for the posi-
tion of Second Comptroller. Why, sir, I know
members of Congress who have refused to come
back here because they could not live here on
the salary which we receive. The gentleman
from Kentucky in his remarks ought to have
remembered that before the war, before the
present unfortunate financial condition of our
country, five dollars would do more in buying
the necessaries of life, in procuring the things
requisite for maintaining a family decently,
than fifteen dollars will do now.
I am certainly in favor of the proposition to
make a general adjustment of these official
salaries ; but let us not postpone doing justice
in a case of this kind. When a public officer
performs duties of such responsibility as those
of the Second Comptroller, duties demanding
a high order of intelligence and integrity, we
should not decline to pay him a proper salary.
'"The laborer is worthy of his hire." I am in
favor of paying every man suitably, whether
he works with his brains or his hands. What-
ever the duties performed, I think we should
allow an officer of this kind a salary which will
support him and his family without a pinching
economy and will enable him to accumulate
something for old age.
Mr. DAWES. I want gentlemen to under-
stand that the Secretary of the Treasury gives
notice that he has in preparation and is about
to present to Congress a bill reorganizing his
Department and veadjusting the salaries of its
officers, in accordance both with the changed
character of the duties and the necessities of
compensation.
Do gentlemen think it is worth while to take
the responsibility off from the shoulders of the
Secretary himself, to take it up in this sporadic
way here in this House and select here and
there one, and without changing its duties,
without requiring a change of duties contem-
plated by the change of law, they can do it
better than he who is responsible for the man-
ner of transacting the duties of his office?
And, Mr. Chairman, one other thing. Do
gentlemen suppose they can stop here, and if
they raise the salaries of these chiefs they can
turn a deaf ear to the clerks who have $1,800,
$1,600, $1,400, and $1,200, with families as
large, mouths as hungry, and nakedness as
necessitous as the family of any chief or head
of division or bureau? Do they suppose they
can increase the compensation of those who
have $3,000 and a family and turn a deaf ear
to those who have $1,800 a year and a family?
Not at all. One member of the committee has
fifteen amendments ready the momeut this is
adopted to supply what he thinks inequality in
this bill.
I tell you, Mr. Chairman, the wiser and more
prudent way to meet this matter is to let the
responsibility rest on the head of the Depart-
ment himself, and not take it from him in this
disjointed and inconsiderate way. Sir, the re-
sponsibility rests upon us, and we must say
whether we shall go in this manner into a gen-
eral and indiscriminate raising of salaries. I
assure the gentleman who makes this motion
that it does not stop with the officers he has
named ; but hundreds of thousands of dollars
and more than tens of hundreds of thousands
of dollars must be added to the salaries of this
country. There are $20,000,000 in this bill
to-slay—more than all the expenses of the
Government when the Administration which
incurred them went down before the people
because of alleged extravagance.
My friend from Michigan [Mr. Conger] does
not reach the trouble. I was in the Depart-
ment the other day, and saw a gentleman with
a warrant, who told me that he had been to
eighteen bureaus with it then, and he had them
marked down on the paper. Each bureau had
something to do with that warrant; and he
said he had three more before ho would come
to the end. This is what is meant by the
reorganization of the Treasury Department.
I It is a reoi-ganization of duties as well as com-
'l pensation, and they should both go together.
;j And when you are informed by the committee
!', that the man upon whom the responsibility
!i ought to rest has prepared this measure you
i| will not take this responsibility upon your
|! shoulders and be anxious to go to the people,
for if you do we shall be held responsible as
lj a party for the raising of all these salaries, and
'! then God knows how long we shall continue
;! to hold power. I am opposed to any such
ii proceeding as that, however it, may be against
my friend. 1 shall wait until he who has tho
responsibility, and knows the duty of every
ii man Under him as well as his compensation,
ji shall bring in his bill. I tell gentlemen they
i1 cannot do it here without answering elsewhere
!1 for raising the salaries which have been satis-
I! factory to these men until we came into power.
;j They were satisfactory to other men of other
>■ political principles when they were in power,
and it is only now when we have hold of the
Government we hear the Cry in favor of in-
creased compensation.
Mr. MAYNAED. I wish the gentleman
from Massachusetts to answer me one ques-
tion, and on his answer I shall give my vote.
Are we to understand that a bill will be brought
in during this session for the reorganization of
the Treasury Department?
Mr. DAWES. Did the gentleman hear
what the gentleman from Kentucky said in
reference to the conference of the committee
with the Secretary of the Treasury on this
subject?
Mr. MAYNARD. I did not understand that
to be more than a mere hope or expectation.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky stated that the Committee on Appropri-
ations passed a resolution setting forth these
difficulties, and urging the Secretary to take
the responsibility of reorganizing the Treasury
Department, and assuring him that we would
recommend its passage if it eonformed to the
demands and requirements of the Department.
And we had this answer from the Secretary,
that he was preparing such a bijl, and would
certainly have it ready and submitted to us.
Mr. ALLISON. I neither wish to mislead
