1298
The congressional globe.
February 16,
us fresh complaints from the southern States
that life is insecure and private right disre-
garded. How are these evils to be remedied ?
By the judicial power or by the military arm
of the Government? I believe that wise laws,
honestly administered—administered by capa-
ble, upright judges—is not only the surest, but
the most economical method of government
in those distracted communities. The aboli-
tion of slavery, the enfranchisement of the
freedmen, and the laws enacted by Congress
to enforce and secure civil rights in the South
raise a multitude of new questions, and sug-
gest innumerable new subjects for judicial
analysis and decision. And it is to this de-
partment of our Government that I look for
the practical accomplishment of the golden
dreams of liberty. We seem to be losing sight
of the comparative value of civil and military
administration.
The feeble voice of the Constitution is heard
declaring that the military shall be in strict
subordination to the civil power; and yet we
are paying to the General commanding our
armies $16,000 a year, and to the Chief Jus-
tice of the Supreme|Court of the United States,
the head of the judicial department of the Gov-
ernment, $6,000. The annual appropriations
for the support of the Army and Navy are
about forty millions. This does not disturb our
serenity, but we stand appalled at the idea of
appropriating a fifth part of that amount for
the administration of justice. I do not sup-
pose that the salaries of all our judges and the
compensation of our district attorneys, mar-
shals, and jurors equal a million dollars per
annum. This is a rough estimate, but I am
inclined to think it is considerably above the
fact. And yet the proposition to increase the
salary of the Chief Justice to only two thirds
of the salary of the Commanding General of
our Array makes Senators turn pale.
The judicial department of the Government
should be filled and exercised by the ablest
lawyers and best men in the land; and lam one
of those who believe that the rich men of the
country are not those best qualified for judicial
jjosition. Poverty is the great motive to that
labor which produces excellence, and the men
whs in England and America have achieved
the highest professional distinction are those
who have contended daily with absolute want.
And 1 protest against a system which shall
practically debar such men from administering
this department of the Government.
The Senator from New York also referred
to a bill which has been reported by the Judi-
ciary Committee, providing that judges who
have become permanently disqualified for the
performance of their duties may retire from
the bench with a pension equal to their salary.
This bill has received the Senator's severest
condemnation, and he refers to it as evidence
of a reckless tendency in our legislation in
favor of the judicial department of the Gov-
ernment.
, The Constitution provides that judges shall
iiold their offices during good behavior, so that
they can only be removed on impeachment for
high crimes and misdemeanors. Recently this
case occurred: a district judge of Texas was
smitten with paralysis in the city of New York,
and lay there upon his bed for over {.wo years.
Paralysis not being a high crime or misde-
meanor, he could not bo impeached therefor.
As he had accumulated nothing during his
judicial term, for him to resign was to starve.
Perhaps he was, therefore, pardonable for not
resigning, although in the mean time, ofcourse,
his courts were not held. At the last session
we passed a bill authorizing him to resigp. and
retain his salary, and he resigned and his suc-
cessor was nominated. Now, the bill which
the Senator criticised provides generally for
all such cases, and nothing more. It seems
to me very clear that it' a judge becomes per-
manently disabled it is better for us to pay him
his salary and let liim leave than to pay his
salary, as we must do; while he in
an office the duties of which he cannot per-
form.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, it is very clear
now, from the able speeches on this amend-
ment, that no further light can be shed upon
it. I presume every Senator has made up his
mind on the question, and I appeal to the
Senate to give us a vote, reminding them that
this is the third session on this branch of the
bill. I suppose there can be no further neces-
sity for debate upon it. I have not the least
doubt that every Senator has his mind made
up firmly, and as no one can add anything to
the very great volume of light that has been
shed on it, I hope we shall have a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the amendment to
the amendment, offered by the Senator from
West Virginia, [Mr. Boremax,] to strike out
the provision as to the district judges.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 30 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Boremnn, Buckingham,
Casserly, Cole, Conkling, Cragin, Davis, Flanagan,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin. Harlan. Harris, Johnston. McCreery, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Poineroy, Pratt, Sherman, Sprague,
Stearns, Stockton, Vickers, Warner, Willey, and
Y ates—28.
N AYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Brownlow, Carpenter, Chandler. Corbett, Edmunds,
Hill, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Nye, Os-
born, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Saulsbury.
i Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer. Trumbull, and Williams—30.
ABSENT — Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Fen ton,
Ferry, Fowler, Howell, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Patterson, Pool, Revels, Thurman, Tipton,
and Wilson—15.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. COLE. The question is on the section
as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, called for
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, for the informa-
tion of the Senate, I ask that the amendment
as amended be read, so that we may see pre-
cisely what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the amendment as amended.
The Chief Clekk. As amended by the
Senate, the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations now reads:
And be it further enacted, That from and after the
said 1st day of July, 1871, the annual salary of the
Chief Justi«e of the Supreme Court of the United
States shall be $8,500, and the annual salary of each
of the associate justices of the Supreme Court shall
be $8,000,and of each circuit judge $7,000; and of the
chief justice of the Court of Claims and of the chief
justiceof thesupremeeourtof the District of Colum-
bia, $6,000; and of each judge of the Court of Claims
and of each justice of thesuprenio court of the District
of Columbia, $6,000; andof each district judge, $5,000.
And it shall be the duty of the circuit judge in each
judicial circuit, when everinhis judgment the public
interest shall so require, to designate and appoint in
the manner and with all the powers provided in an
apt to provide for holding the courts of the United
States in case of the sickness or other disability of
the judges of the district courts. approved, July 29,
1850, the district judge of any judicial district within
his circuit to bol(l a district or circuit court in the
place or aid of any other district judge within the
sameeircuit: and it shall be the dutyof such district
judge as shall be for that purpose designated and
appointed to hold the district or circuit court as
aforesaid, without any other compensation than his
regular salary as established by law.
]V[r, WILSON. I propose in the ninth line
to strike out "$6,000" and insert " §5,000"
for the associate judges; so that the chief jus-
tices of the Court of Claims and of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia shall stand
at $6,000, and the associates at $5,500.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That can be
done by moving to amend the clause as to the
a(sefjpiate judges, as on the Senator's own mo-
tion the salaries of the chief justices of the
Court of Claims and of the phief justice, of
the supreme court of the District of Columbia
liars been fixed at $6,000.
Mr. WILSON. I move to make the salaries
of the associate justices of those courts §5,500.
Th? yiCE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to the amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER. All symmetry is to be
founded on knocking down!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to the amendment, reducing the
salary of the associate justices of the Court
of Claims and of the supreme court of the
District of Columbia from $6,000, as fixed in
the amendment of the Committee on Appro-
priations, to $5,500.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations as amended by the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it in order now to
move to strike out the provision for the sal-
aries of the circuit judges?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I make that mo-
tion. These offices were created about a year
ago, and the salaries fixed at $5,000. Since
that time, provision having been made in the
same bill for retired pay after they are seventy
years of age, a bill has been reported propos-
ing to extend the opportunity of retirement,
so that it shall exist in all cases of disability
before seventy; and now, at the end of this
short space of time, without any reason that
I have heard assigned, the proposal is to add
32,000 to the salary of every one of these
judges. I ask the attention of the Senate
to it, and I ask for the yeas and nays on the
adoption of my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate hav-
ing amended theamendmentof the Committee
on Appropriations so as to reduce the salary
of the circuit judges from $7,500, as named
by the committee, to $7,000, the Senator from
New York now moves to strike out that part
of the section entirely, leaving the salary of
the circuit judges to remain as now fixed by
law; and upon that amendment he asks for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, when the
Senate was discussing a year ago this question
of salaries it adopted an amendment giving til-"}
circuit judges S7.500; but it failed, owing to the
non-concurrence of the House of Represent-
atives. The circuit judges were appointed for
the express purpose of relieving the Supreme
Court judges from circuit duty. They are pre-
cisely what their names signify, judges to per-
form duties in the various circuits. I do not
think it would be an exaggeration to say that
one third, and perhaps, in some cases, otic
half of the entire salary of the circuit judges
must be spent in their traveling expenses awa v
from their homes.
^\eall know what hotel expenses are ; we
know what traveling expenses are. When you
pay these men a salary of $5,000, and com pel
them to absent themselves from their homes
fully one half the time, their compensation
then becomes absurdly inadequate, and per-
naps as to them you can say tragically inade-
quate. A man with a salary of $5,000 a year
who can stay at home, attend to his own affairs,
supervise the condition of those who are
dependent upon him, is much better paid than
he who gets $7,500 and is compelled to live m
hotels and on railways, at a great expense for
everything that he uses. It is a far fairer sal-
ary to give a resident judge $5,000 than it is to
give a judge compelled to do this circuit duty
hair as much more; and I believe the go,>d
sense of those who hear rae will bear me out
m that assertion.
I trust, therefore, there will be no attempt to
cut down the pay of the circuit judges. There
are circuits composed of four, some of live,
States ; the case was mentioned by my friend
from Alabama, yesterday, of a judge who
holds circuit courts in six States, and who
had lately been compelled to perform four
hundred miles of stage-riding in order to hold
