472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
by any remarks, nor am I to be misled by any
remarks made by the chairman of the Commit-
tee oil Appropriations. I do not stand here
asking for an increase of compensation, or for
the reorganization of any bureau of the Treas-
ury Department.
The chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations knows as well as I do that there are
now in the office of the First Comptroller of
the Treasury four divisions, through the one or
other of which all the business of that office
passes, and that there are at the heads of,these
divisions certain men who are called chiefs of
divisions. Therefore I am not creating a new
office by the amendment I propose. Nor am
I proposing by that amendment to increase the
compensation of clerks in the Treasury Depart-
ment.
I hold hero in my hand a paper which shows
that in the office of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury proper, which has only a limited number of
elerks, there are twenty persons who received,
a portion of them $2,800, another portion
$2,500, and another $2,300, being compen-
sation in addition to their compensation as
fourth, third, and second-class clerks. There-
fore, it is a delusion and a snare on the part of
any member of this House to say that I am for
a proposition increasing compensation. There
are now in the Departments men who nom-
inally receive, according to law, a certain sal-
ary as fourth or third-class clerks, but who, in
reality, receive a great deal more. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations would put in here
in a lump thirty, or fifty, or sixty thousand
dollars, to bo distributed by the Secretary of
the Treasury, and yet claim to be opposed to
increasing compensation.
If the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] wishes to be economical why does he
put a large^fund in the hands of the Secretary
of the Treasury for the express purpose of
increasing the compensation of the employes
of his Department?
Mr. DAWES. There is nothing of that in
this bill.
Mr. ALLISON. I understood the gentleman
to state that he did so by this bill. 1 am aware
that there is a certain sum of money in the hands
of the Secretary of the Treasury, out of which
he is authorized to pay additional compensation.
Out of that fund the Secretary of the Treasury
has increased and is increasing tho compensa-
tion of certain oflicials; and what 1 propose is
to do specifically, and in terms what is done
now at the discretion of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. MUNGEN. Is the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa subject to amendment?
The CHAIRMAN, it is.
Mr. MUNGICN. Then I move to amend itby
sinking out'' $2,500" and inserting '•* $2,300."
I offer tin's amendment for the purpose of say-
ing that while there is an attempt here to show
economy, there is a leak which the Committee
on Appropriations do not try to stop. I do not
believe, Mr. Chairman, that it is the duty of
the Committee on Appropriations to come here
and talk eternally and forever about economy,
when they and the gentlemen with whom they
associate are responsible for a leak of over one
hundred and forty thousand dollars in one place
for carriages, liveries, and all that sort of thing,
for these very chiefs of bureaus, these very
clerks whose salaries are now under discus-
sion. The amount, indeed, may be far greater
than I have stated, for when I introduced a
resolution here last year inquiring of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury what amount of money
was paid out for liveries and for carriages, how
much was paid out of the public funds for
horses, servants, footmen, and all that sort of
thing, it was not allowed to be carried. I chal-
lenge an answer to that resolution. When such
leaks as this are permitted, it will not do for
gentlemen to come hero and talk about their
economy. These expenditures come out of the
very fund which the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Allison] has been talking about. For myself,
I am opposed to this kind of thimble-rigging,
if I may be allowed the expression. Let us
have a fair deal; and I would like to see a new
pack too.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose the gentleman can
point out tho leak he refers to so as to put his
finger upon it.
Mr. MUNGEN. I beg to tell the chairman
of tho committee, and 1 do so with all due
respect, for I have a great regard for that gen-
tleman personally, that I can point out this:
that the head of nearly every bureau, the head
of nearly every division, almost every ehief
clerk, keeps horses and carriages, which are
paid for out of the public money, and rides
around with his family at the expense of the
Government. And yet when the question is
in regard to fair compensation for a man who
merits his pay, and earns it, far better than
men higher in position nominally, gentlemen
stand up and talk about economy. I might
point out other things. Gentlemen talk about
economy, and yet this bill provides for the pay
of swarms of officers as thick, as I remarked
once before, as the frogs and lice in Egypt,
when the number might be greatly reduced
and hundreds of thousands of dollars saved.
We tax the mint and cummin and forget the
weightier matters of the law in this matter of
appropriations. That is tiie trouble with us,
and that is what keeps us as we are; that is
what makes business dull and money scarce.
Our whole system of revenue and our whole
system of finance are arranged witli a view to
benefit a few. But gentlemen are unwilling to
pay proper compensation to a worthy officer.
He differs with me in politics; he is a Repub-
lican ; but I do not care for that. I am will-
ing to pay every man a fair compensation for
his labor.
[Here the hammer foil.]
Mr. MUNGEN. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Alli-
son',s amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
for Roeoml Comptroller of tho Treasury, $3,000;
duet' clerk. $2,000; twelve clerks of class four, twenty
elorks of ela<s three, twenty-eight elerks of class
two, twenty-ono clerks of class one; twelve copyists,
at i'JOO each;, one messenger, $810; one assistant
messenger,at &720; ami two laborers; in ail,
Mr. ALLISON. I think I ought to offer an
amendment to that paragraph similar to the
one I oifered to the last clause ; but in view
of the statement of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] that we may soon
expect the hill reorganizing the Department,
which has been promised so long, i will not
do it.
The Clerk read as follows :
For Second Auditor, $3,000; chief clerk, ;
six clcrks of el ass lour, tijty-tour clcrks of class three,
one hundred and nine clerks of class two, one hun-
dred clerks of class one, oeic cie- en^cr. live assist-
ant rae-sencjers, and seven laborers: and for addi-
tional to disbursing clerk, $200; in all, $384,-ISO.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend that para-
graph by insertingafterthe words "class one,1'
in line four hundted and sixteen, the words
"ten clerks of the first class to examine and
verify accounts of fines and forfeitures and
money withheld on account of desertion appro-
priated to the support of disabled soldiers."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the Clerk be
directed to change the aggregate sum at the
end of each paragraph which may be amended
so as to correspond with the changes made.
The CHAIRMAN. That will be done with-
out a vote of tiie committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
For Third Auditor,$3,000: chief clerk, $2,000; four-
teen clerks of class four additional to one clerk of
class lour a.-' disbursing clerk, $200: thirty-two clerks
of class three, ninoly-two clerks of class two, eighty-
six clerks of class one, ten copyists, £0.000; two mes-
sengers, three resistant messengers, and seven labor-
ers ; in all, $331,060.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to know
the reason for the additional pay of $200 to
one clerk of class four provided for in that
paragraph.
Mr. DAWES. Every bureau has a disburs-
ing ©lerk of class four; and we give him $200
extra for the additional work he has to per-
form and the responsibility he has to assume.
He is required to give bonds.
Mr. MAYNARD. In what sum does he
give bonds?
Mr. DAWES. I am unable to state the
precise amount. It is prescribed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the Fourth Auditor. $3,000; chief clerk, ,>2,000;
five clerks of class four, eighteen clerks of class three,
twelve clerks of class two, eleven clerks of class one,
one messenger, oneassistant messenger, ihree labor-
ers, and eight female clerks, at $900 each; in all,
$83,720.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend that
paragraph by striking out the words "and
eight female clerks, at $900 each." I make
the motion because these clerks appear to be
provided for in two places. The Fourth
Auditor says, in a note to his estimate, tlat
they were appropriated for last year in the
fund for the payment of temporary clerks.
That fund is the same in amount this year as
last year; and hence it would seem that these
clerks are provided for in two places.
Mr. DAWES. Wo do not appropriate for
them twice. They were paid out of the unex-
pended balances about which we had so much
trouble last year. Those unexpended balancts
are now covered into the Treasury, and tie
officers of the Department were obliged i n
confine themselves to the actual appropria-
tions. These clerks had to be paid in some
way, so they took the money out of the S'10,000
contingent fund ; and they have complained
bitterly that that fund was too small.
Mr. POMEROY. In addition to the $40,000
which was meant for temporary clerks he
asks for $10,000 for "additional clerks."
Mr. DAWES. The second item to which
the gentleman alludes is for extra elerk hire,
and the necessity for it arises in this way : if
the gentleman from Iowa or I myself get up
here and have a resolution passed calling upon
the Department for information it may take a
large number of clerks to prepare it, and it is
necessary to have some extra clerks to put on
that service. The House feels the necessity
of certain information and they order it to be
furnished. If we require the clerks who have
regular desks and regular duties to perform to
prepare that information their regular dut es
are neglected and their business gets behind-
hand, and we do not get our information until
after the time we want it. It is therefcre
necessary that the Auditor shall have some
money at his command with which to employ
temporary clerks for temporary service.
The amendment offered by Mr. POMEROY
was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For compensation of the Auditor of the Treasury
for the Post Office Department, $3,000; chief clerk,
$2,000; nine clerks of class four; additional to one
clerk of class four as disbursing clerk, $200; forty
clcrks of class three, sixty-four clerks of class two,
thirty-seven clerks of class one, one messenger, one
assistant, messetjeer, and eleven laborers; also, one
additional clerk, at SI,000; three additional clerks
of class three, and four additional laborers for tho
money-order division; in all, $233,560.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out the words "one
additional clerk, at SI,000, three." and insert-
ing "four" before "additional clerks of class
three."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salaries and expenses of collectors, assessors,
assistant asscssors,supervisois, detectives, andstoie-
keepers, together with the expense of carrying into
effect the various provisions of the several acts pro-
viding internal revenue, excepting items otherwise
provided for, $5,^00,000.
Mr. SCOF1ELD, (Mr. Hale in the chair.)
I wish to mo ve an amendment to the paragraph
