1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1911
Dawes, Dickey, Dickinson, Nathan F. Dixon, Du-
val, Dyer, Getz, Gibson, Ilale, Ilay, Johnson, Knapp,
Knott. Lawrence, McQrew, Kliakim II. Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Morgan, Newsham, Packer, William
W. Paine, Rainey, Randall, Rogers. Roots, Sanford,
Sargent, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith,
Worthineton C. Smith, Strong, Sweeney, Van Au-
ken.Van Wyck.Voorhees, Cadwalader C.Washburn,
Wheeler. Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, Winans, Witcher, Wolf, and Woodward—59.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
vote of thanks to tiie speaker.
Mr. COX. I have the honor to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, In view of the difficulties involved in
the performance of the duties ot the Presiding Officer
of this House, and of the able, courteous, dignified,
and impartial discharge of those duties by Hon.
J". G.'Blaine. duringthe present Congress, it is emi-
nently becoming that our thanks be, and they are
hereby, tendered to the Speaker therefor.
Mr. Speaker, before severing our relations
as members of this Congress, it is due to the
Speaker that this resolution shall receive no
mere formal approval. Gentlemen of the Re-
publican party last night testified their signal
appreciation of Mr. Blaine by his unanimous
renomination as the Presiding Officer of the
next Congress. Their approval, therefore, of
this parliamentary eulogy is already an earnest
and a foregone conclusion. Prom the Opposi-
tion here, who are too apt to be harshly critical
upon the Speaker of the adverse party, this
tribute is but generous, just, and fair: for he
has been just, fair, and generous amid our
passionate contentions.
Such expressions tend to beget and increase
that good-will and agreement which is a part
of true logic and rhetoric and is indispensable
to the discharge of our duty.
Not alone on committees, but in this House,
there is great need of toleration and the
amenities of debate. Moderation and benignity
are at times impossible here. We reflect here
much of the popular passion. Clamor and
clashing rule here at times which no Presiding
Officer can calm and control. Let us cultivate
the charities of debate, and the kind feeling
here engendered will diffuse itself through all
sections. We may thus remove the prejudices
and reproaches hurled at Congress by the un-
thinking. We may thus illustrate those virtues
■which make up the daily beauty of this life and
fit us for a better life.
It is because Mr. Blaixe has been kind,
prompt, able, and honorable, that he has won
our regard by contributing to the banishment of
bitterness and the diffusion of good will, that
I have been delegated by our friends upon this
side to present this resolution. If we cannot
have a general amnesty from our legislative
action, we can at least, by our parliamentary
conduct and liberality, have personal and
social amnesties ; and it is in this spirit, I
trust, the resolution will have unanimous con-
currence. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera*
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
post routes.
Mr. MARSHALL. Iaskunanimousconsent
to have passed a small bill, providing for the
establishment of some new post routes in Illi-
nois and one or two other States. There is
nothing in the bill but post routes, and there
can be no objection to it.
No objection was made; and the bill (H. It.
No. 3087) to establish certain post routes in
Illinois, Indiana, and Alabama received its
several readings, and was passed.
john ii. halley.
Mr. MARSHALL. Iaskunanimousconsent
to have passed a bill to remove the political
disabilities from John H. Halley, of Jasper
county, Illinois.
Mr. KELSEY. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Illinois if this man asks to be
Relieved from his disabilities?
Mr. MARSHALL. He hag asked it, and a
bill relieving him passed the Senate, but has
not been passed by the House.
Mr. KELSEY. Has he himself petitioned?
Mr. MARSHALL. He has.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 3088) to remove political disabilities from
John H. Halley, of Jasper county, Illinois,
received its several readings, and was passed.
REDEMPTION OP COPI'BB COINS, ETC.
Mr. COBIJRN. On behalf of the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency I ask the House
to pass the bill (H. R. No. 1670) for the
redemption in Treasury notes of the copper,
bronze, and nickel coins of the United States.
The bill was read. It provides that the
Treasurer and the several Assistant Treasurers
of the United States shall redeem, in sums
not less than twenty-five dollars, in United
States Treasury notes, under such regulations
as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, the one, two, three, and five cent
coins of bronze, copper, or nickel heretofore
issued by the United States.
Mr. COBURN. I wish to say that this bill
has been agreed upon by the Committee on
Banking and Currency unanimously, and but for
lack of time it would have been reported at
the last session of Congress. A large amount
of these base-metal coins are in circulation,
about ten million dollars. They are scattered
all over the country in the hands of postmas-
ters and business men, who can find no use for
them. They cannot pay taxes with them.
This is simply a provision for the purpose of
getting them out of the hands of the persons
with whom they have accumulated, and to
whom they are utterly useless and worthless.
Mr. KELLEY. I suggest to the gentleman
that he will best accomplish his purpose by
asking the House to take up and pass the Sen-
ate bill No. 1181, now on the Speaker's table.
It provides exactly in terms what this bill does,
and I hope the House will pass it.
Mr. COBURN. I am willing to. adopt that
course. The only additional provision of that
bill is that it provides for the issue of new
coins.
Mr. KELLEY. The Senate bill has been
considered by the Committee on Coinage,
Weights, and Measures, and I was authorized
to call it up, which I endeavored to do, but it
was objected to by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Mayham.]
Mr. COBURN. I will pursue that course.
I ask the House to take up and pass the Sen-
ate bill.
Mr. POTTER. Let ine say that, by some
oversight in the law, the Government fails to
provide for the redemption of its base coin,
these things that are in circulation not worth
over ten or twelve cents on the dollar. There
is no means of redeeming them, while they are
legal tenders only for very small sums. They
accumulate in the hands of postmasters and
of newspaper dealers and omnibus proprietors,
and are entirely worthless excepting to keep
afloat in the expectation that Congress will
provide some measures for their redemption.
It ought to provide for it now, and this meas-
ure is recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
The question was taken upon suspending the
rules and passing the Senate bill; and it was
agreed to, (twothirds voting in favor thereof.)
selma, rome, and dalton railroad.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of putting on its passage a bill
unanimously reported from the Committee on
the Public Lands ma*king no new grant, but
simply confirming the title to a small quantity
of land which ought to have been certifiedbe-
fore the late war, but which was not certified
from no fault of the State or of the company
having it in charge.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the bill ?
Mr. JULIAN. It is Senate l>ill_No. 109, to
revive the grant of lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Selma to Gads-
den, in the State of Alabama, and to confirm
the same to the Selma, Rome, and Dalton
Railroad Company.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that so much of the grant of public lands
made to the State of Alabama by an act enti-
tled "An act granting public lands in alternate
sections to the State of Alabama to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in said State,"
approved June 3, 1856,as was applicable under
said act to aid in the construction of the rail-
road therein designated as "the Coosa and
Alabama railroad, from Selma to Gadsden,"
be revived, and the same is hereby confirmed
and granted to the Selma, Rome, and Dalton
Railroad Company, the successor of the Ala-
bama and Tennessee River Railroad Company
except such of said lands as lie west of range
nine, and of said road as now constructed,
and north of township fifteen. The second
section provides that the Secretary of the
Interior shall, on the passage of the act, issue
to said Selma, Rome, ana Dalton Railroad
Company patents for the lands thereby
granted. The third section grants to the said
Selma, Rome, and Dalton Railroad Company
the right of way one hundred feet in width
from the center and on each side of the rail-
road of the said company, as the same is now
located and constructed, upon and over the
lands of the United States.
Mr. JULIAN. I propose to amend the first
section by adding to it the following:
Provided, That if said company shall sell any por-
tion of the land, granted by the act which is hereby
revived, which pertains to that part of said road
built after the 3d day of June, 1866, except as here-
inafter provided, said company shall forfeit to the
use and benefit of the purchaser of said land a su.m
of money twice as great as the amount paid for the
same, which may be sued for and recovered in any
court of competent jurisdiction : And provided fun -
they. That anysucj> sale made to other than actual
settlers, or in quantities greater than one hundred
and bixty acres to any one purchaser, or at a price
exceeding $2 50 per acre, shall be void, and the land
forfeited to the United States and at once be subject
to homestead entry and preemption.
I also move to amend the title so that it shall
read, "A bill in relation to the Selma, Rome,
and Dalton Railroad Company, Alabama."
Mr. HOLMAN. How much land is affected
by this bill? I understand that it is a bill to
revive a grant that has been forfeited.
Mr. JULIAN. The bill confirms the title
of the company to such lands as are left along
about twelve or fifteen miles of one end of the
road. It is simply a little remnant of land
which should have been certified to the road
prior to the late war, but which was not done,
through no fault of the company or of the
State.
Mr. HOLMAN. It was not done, I sup-
pose, because the road was not completed.
Mr. DOX. The road was completed.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is a forfeited grant
which this bill proposes to revive.
Mr. JULIAN. It is a bill to provide for
confirming the title to land which would fall
through ; a mere technical forfeiture. In jus-
tice the bill ought to pass.
Mr. HEFLIN". How far on each side of
the road does the proposed grant extend ?
Mr. JULIAN. The alternate sections for
six miles on each side of the road.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to further debate.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the bill, as amended, passed.
The question was taken upon suspending
the rules; and upon a division there were—
ayes 93, noes 30.
Before the result of the vote was announced.
Mr. AMBLER called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays; and there were thirteen ayes.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Accordingly (two thirds voting in fcivor
thereof) the rules were suspended, and the bill,
as amended, passed,
