1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
relating to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue.
The paragraph was as follows:
For Commissioner of Internal Revenue, 86,000;
deputy commissioner, S3,500; two deputy commis-
sioners, at $3,000 each: seven heads of divisions, at
S2,500 each: thirty-fiveclerksof class four, fifty clerks
of class three, thirty clerks of class two, fifteenclerks
of class one, seventy-five copyists, five messengers,
three assistant messengers, and fifteen laborers; in
nil, $320,660.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to move to in-
crease the salary of the deputy commissioner
from $3,500 to $5,003 a year.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is too late ; that par-
agraph has been read and passed by.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I know it has been read
and passed by; but if the gentleman will
indulge me——
Mr. MAYNARD. We have had some very
strict rulings on this bill in Committee of the
Whole to-day by its chairman, [Mr. Scofielb,]
and I do not think we had better transcend the
rules.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] will not press
his amendment, for it relates to the reorgani-
zation of the Treasury Department. I hope
we shall have an opportunity to revise the
whole Department before a great while.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire t,o move the
amendment I have indicated ; but if the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] in-
sists upon his point of order, of course I cannot
do it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must insist upon my
point of order.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Hale.) The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] has
just left the chair, and had no opportunity to
offer the amendment before.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania not to press his amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Of course I cannot offer
it now, as the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynaud] insists upon his point of order.
The Clerk read as follows :
For officer in charge of the Bureau of Statistics,
§>2,500; chief clerk, 52,000: twelve clerks of class
tour, eight clerks of class three, ten clerks of class
two, five clerks of olasiono; fivo copyists, at &900
each; one messenger, one laborer, and one char-
woman, at S130; in all $65,440.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out the words
" officer in charge" and inserting in lieu the
word "Director;" so that it will read "for
Director of the Bureau of Statistics," &c.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think the present title
is "Chief of the Bureau of Statistics."
Mr. DAWES. It was "Director of the
Bureau of Statistics" in the law which was
repealed. I think that title is shorter than
the one now in use, and it is proper to re-
store the old title without any further res-
toration of the old law. That was all I had
in view in offering my amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I believe the present offi-
cer signs his name as "Chief ot the Bureau of
S i s ti c s ''
Mr. DAWES. I know that he does. But the
law that we repealed used the term " Director
of the Bureau of Statistics." All I had in view
was to restore the old name, without restoring
any of the infirmities of the old officer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Cierk read as follows:
Office of Assistant Treasurer at New Orleans:
For Assistant Treasurer, @4,000; forchiefclerk and
cashier, $2,500; one clerk, $2,000; two clerks, $3,000;
one porter, $9u0; two watchmen, $1,440; amounting
in all to $13,8-10.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I move to
amend the paragraph just read so as to change
the salary of the Assistant Treasurer at New
(Jrleans from $4,000, as here proposed, to
$5,000. The considerations which enter into
the question of fixingthe salaries of officers are,
first, probably, the cost of living at the place
where the duties are to be performed ; second-
ly, the amount of labor to be performed; and
thirdly, the responsibilities of the officer. Now,
I suppose there is no city in the United States
where the expense of living is so costly as at
New Orleans. The labor to be performed
there by the Assistant Treasurer must be sub-
stantially the same, so far as physical labor is
concerned, as the labor performed by any As-
sistant Treasurer in any other place.
The responsibilities of these officers must
depend upon the amount of money placed in
their charge. During the year 1870 there was
deposited with the Assistant Treasurer at New
Orleans some §2,000,000 received from inter-
nal revenue, and about seven million dollars
received from customs duties. There is, there-
fore, comparatively greater responsibility at-
tached to this office than to some of the other
offices of the same character where the salaries
paid are larger. More imports are received
at the port of New Orleans than are received
in Philadelphia, nearly as much as are received
in San Francisco, and nearly as much as are
received in the city of Baltimore. And the
increase of importations in 1870 over those
of 18G0 was greater in percentage in New
Orleans than in any other port of entry, and
greater in actual value than in any except
San Francisco.
At Baltimore and Philadelphia $5,000 is
paid to the Assistant Treasurer, and at San
Francisco $0,000. At St. Louis the Assistant
Treasurer receives .$5,000, though the amount
of import duties does not exceed one third the
amount received at New Orleans. The latter
place is put on a par with Charleston, South
Carolina, where the duties and responsibilities
are inconsiderable in comparison with those
connected with the office at New Orleans.
It seems to me tho Committee on Appro-
priations have entirely overlooked the import-
ance of this office. In view of the respons-
ibilities to be borne and the labors to be per-
formed they ought to have reported $5,000
instead of §4,000 as the salary of this officer,
placing him in the same class with other offi-
cers at leading cities. New Orleans, in the
amount of its imports, ranks as the fifth city
of the Union, and it is the largest export city
on the continent. I do hope the House will
adopt my amendment, for I think this officer
is clearly entitled to the additional compen-
sation.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Louisi-
ana [Mr. Sheldon] mistakes entirely the
duties of the Committee on Appropriations
when he supposes that it was a part of our
duty to examine into the relative importance
of the officers at different ports and to fix the
proper salaries for them. The salary of this
officer is fixed by statute at h?-l,000; and this
is precisely what the estimates call for. The
Department does not ask a larger appropria-
tion than $4,000 for this officer. The Depart-
ment may be'presumed to know the nature of
the duties connected with the office, whether
the compensation is adequate, and whether the
present incumbent is willing to fill the office
for that salary.
The statute fixes the salary at $-1,000. The
Department in asking for that amount signi-
fies" its concurrence in the existing legislation
on this subject. The gentleman from Louisi-
ana should not complain that the Committee
on Appropriations did not go into an exam-
ination of the relative duties of all these offi-
cers. I think we ought hardly to raise the
salary of this officer $1,000 above the amount
fixed by law and the amount asked by the
Department.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. This officer
has repeatedly applied for this increase. The
question was'at the last session before the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House and also
the corresponding committee of the Senate.
My attention has been but recently called to the
matter by the gentleman who fills this office.
Although this increase would he a change of
the law, I suppose that is no valid ^objection.
I admit that the acts of Congress fix the sal-
aries of officers; but in this case the salary as
first fixed was for the treasurer of the Mint,
and then an increase of §500 was allowed him
as Assistant Treasurer of the United States,
making the sum total $4,000. If we now grant
this officer $5,000, though it will certainly be
a change of the law, I believe it will be -in
accordance with both precedent and justice.
Mr. DAWES. We gave this man am addi-
tional §500 because he was treasurer of the
Mint. We took away the Mint, and now he
wants an additional $1,000 because we did so.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. .Scofieij).) The
question is on tho amendment of the gentle-
man from Louisiana, [Mr. Sheldon.]
The amendment was not agreed to: there
being—ayes fifteen, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office of Assistant Treasurer at Baltimore:
For Assistant Treasurer, 45,000; for three clerks,
So,100; tor two clerks, $2.800; lor one clerk, $1,200;
for messenger, S810; for fivevault-watchmcn,$3,600,
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by inserting after the words
"for Assistant Treasurer, $5,000," the words
"for cashier, $2,500." This clause was-acci-
dentally omitted in the preparation of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office of depositary at Santa Fe:
For depositary, (in addition to his pay as re-
ceiver,) $2,000; one clerk, 41,200; one watchman,
$720; amounting in all to &3.920.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the para-
graph just read so as to make it read as
follows:
Ofiice of depositary a t Santa FC:
For depositary, (in addition to his pay as receiver,)
$2,000; one clerk, 1,200; two watchmen, $720 each;
amounting in all to $4,610.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For wages of workmen and adjusters, $150,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend this para-
graph so as to make the amount of the appro-
priation $178,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For incidental and contingent expenses, repairs,
and wastage, $69,515.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the para-
graph just road so as to make the amount of
the appropriation §59,545.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Assay office, New York:
For salariesofsuperintendcnt, assayer, andmel ,er
andrefmer, assistant assayer, and clerks, £25,100.
Mr. DAWES. I move tp strike out that
paragraph, and in lieu thereof to insert the
following:
For salaries of superintendent, $1,500; assajer,
$3,000; inelter and refiner, §3.0<)0; assistant assaj er,
$2,000: deputy treasurer, $2,000; and for the com-
pensation of clerks, $10,200.
That, Mr. Chairman, does not alter (he
amount.
Mr. MAYNARD. It does not change the
present salaries ?
Mr. DAWES. It reduces the salary of one
of the officers, who has been paid withe ut
authority of law. The reason we specify the
officers is that one of them has had §>1,030
more than the same officer in corresponding
places.
Mr. MAYNARD. It does not increase the
salary ?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Territory of Montana:
For compensation of Governor and superintendent
of Indian affairs, chief justice and two associate
judges, and secretary, $13,500.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I move to add the
following:
For compensation and mileage of tho members of
tho Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks.and contin^
gent expenses thereof, S2O.OU0.
Mr. Chairman, I presume the gentleman from
Massachusetts will not object to this amend-
ment.
