1474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
Mr. DAWES. I will not ebject if they are
to have a session provided by law this coming
year.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. The Legislative As-
sembly, in accordance with the act of Con-
gress, has provided for biennial instead of an-
nual sessions; and as no appropriation was
made last year it is necessary the appropria-
tion should now be made for the session of
the Legislative Assembly of 1871-72.
Mr. DAWES. I do not object to the amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Territory of New Mexico:
For salaries of Governor, chief justice and two
associate judges, and secretary, and ex-oMcio super-
intendent of public buildings andgrounus, &13.500.
Mr. DAWES. I move to add the following:
For compensation and mileage of the members of
the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and contin-
gent expenses thereof, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
^Pension Office:
lor compensation of Commissioner of Pensions,
chief clerk, twenty-two ulerks of class four, forty-
eight clerks of class three, seventy-six clerks of class
two, seventy clerks of class one, nine female copy-
ists, at $900 each; one messenger, five assistant mes-
sengers, at $720 eae'h; aud five laborers in his office;
iu all, 5327,910.
Mr. DAWES. I move in line eight hun-
dred and twenty-seven, after the word "sev-
enty,'' to insert the word "eight," so it will
lead ''sevenly-eight clerks."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move in line eight hun-
dred ami twenty-eight, to increase the number
of female copyists from nine to sixteen.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
United States Patent Office:
I'or compensation of the (Jominissioner of the Pat-
ent Office, s4,500; ior assistant commissioner, $3,000;
lor chief eierk, £2,o00; three examiners-m-chief, at
^o.OOO each; cwonty-t.v.'o principal examiners, at
;,s2,50i) each; twenty-one first assistant examiners, at
5-1,SuO each : twenty-one second assistant examiners,
at £1,000 e;ieh, two of whom may be females; one
hbrmian, $1,800; one machinist, Ijl,600; hve clerks
<>f class four, six clerks of class three, forty-five clerks
ot class two, uud forty cierks of class one; making
in all $27.3,100.
Mr. DAWES. I move in line eight hun-
dred and forty four, after the word "each,''
lo insert "examiner in charge of interfer-
ences, $2,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES._ lmove to amend by striking
out "one" in line eight hundred and forty-
live, and inserting _"two,'| so that it will
read, "twenty-two iirst assistant examiners,
at $1,800 each."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by striking
out "one" in line eight hundred and forty-
seven aud inserting "two," so that it will
lead, " uventy-two second assistant examin-
ers, at $1,600 each."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by striking
out "$1,800," in line eight hundred and forty-
nine, and inserting "$2,000," so that it will
lead "one librarian, §2,000."
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. D AWES. I move to amend by striking
out in line eight hundred and fifty-one the
word "six" and inserting the word "eight,"
so that it will read " eight clerks of class three."
The amendment was agreed to.
Ji'\ DAWES. 1 move to amend by striking
out in the same line the words "forty-five''
and inserting the word " fifty," so that it will
read "fifty clerks of class two."
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by insert-
ing in line eighty hundred and fifty-two the
word "five" after the word "forty," so that
it will read " forty-five clerks of class one."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by striking
out in each of the lines eight hundred and fifty-
four and eight hundred and fifty-five the word
"twelve" and inserting the word "thirty,"
so that it will read "for thirty permanent
clerks, at $1,000 each, $30,000."
Mr. MAYNARD. I observe that these
amendments all contemplate a very large in-
crease of the number of clerks provided by
the bill. Was there a mistake in the original
drafting of the bill?
Mr. DAWES. There was. This portion of j
the bill was copied from the old statute. But
the revision of the patent laws made last ses-
sion required, and the growing business of
the Patent Office justified, this large increase.
That is the explanation of the amendments I
am now moving.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend in lino eight
hundred and fifty-six by striking out "ten"
and inserting "forty;" and in line eight hun-
dred and fifty-seven, by striking out "nine"
andinserting "thirty-six;" so that it will read,
"for forty permanent clerks, at $900 each,
$36,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWE§. I move to amend in each
of lines eight hundred and sixty and eighthun-
dred and sixty-one by striking out "fifteen"
and inserting "twenty;" so that it will read,
"for twenty copyists of drawings, at $1,000
each, $20,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the lines eight hundred and sixty-two
and eight hundred and six-three, as follows :
"for fif'tv-one female copyists, at $900 each,
$45,900."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in lines eight hundred and sixty-eight
and eight hundred and sixty-nine the words
" for ten skilled laborers, at $900 each,
$9,000," and inserting in lieu thereof "'fin-
eight attendants in model-room, at $1,000
each, $8,000."
The amendment was agreed 10.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by insert-
ing after line eight hundred and sixty nine
" for eight attendants in model room, at $900
each, $7,200."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragiaph :
Tor contingent und miscellaneous expenses of
the Patent Office, namely: for stationery lor use
of office, furniture, repairing, papering, painting-,
carpets, ice, adveitising, books for libiary, moneys
refunded, printing engraved patent-heads, interna-
tional exchanges, plumbing, gas-fitting, extra labor
on indexes and abstracts for annual reports, fitting
rooms, temporary clerks, laborers, and draftsmen,
and other contingencies, f90,000: Provided, That no
moneys shall bo paid to the chief justice or associate
justices of the supreme court of the District of Co-
lumbia, upon any appeal to either of tliom from the
decision of the Commissioner ofPatcnts; and section
two of the act of Augusts), 1852, is hereby repealed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must make the point
of order on that proviso.
Mr. DAWES. It is existing law, and is
therefore unnecessary. 1 therefore move to
strike it out.
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it not be better
to let it go out ou my point of order? That
would prevent its being acted on in the House.
Mr. DAWES. The proviso will go out be-
cause it is the statute law of the land now.
Mr. Dawes's amendment, to strike out the
proviso, was agreed to.
Mr. STILES. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. DAWES. Let the first paragraph in
the next division of the bill be read: "sur-
veyors general and their clerks."
The Clerk read as follows:
For compensation of surveyor general of Louisi-
ana, $2,000; and for clerks in bis office, i>2,5U0.
Mr. STILES. I renew my motion that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
2524) making appropriations for the legisla
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 80, 1872,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BBATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill ot
the following title ; when the Speaker signed
the same:
•A bill (H. 11. No. 2ol6) making an addi-
tional appropriation for the improvement
of the Louisville and Portland canal for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1871, and for other
purposes.
And then, on motion of Mr. STILES, (at four
o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.,) tho
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
.committees;
By Mr. ARNELL; A petition of 104 citi-
zens of Goldsboro', North Carolina, asking
for aid to common schools at the South.
Also, a petition of 36 citizens, asking aid
for common schools at the South.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The remonstrance of
Mrs. Madeline Yinton Dahlgren and 1,033
other women of the United States, protesting
against female suffrage.
Also, the remonstiance of Mrs. C. B. Boyn-
ton, Miss Kate L. Morgan, and 280 other
women, protesting to the same purpose.
By Mr. CLARK, of Texas: The petitions
of George McCormick and William P. A.
Murray, of Colorado county, Texas, for tin;
removal of their political disabilities.
By Mr. DIXON, of North Carolina: A pet;
tion of 58 citizens of the county of Ashe,
North Carolina, against the appropriation of
money to sectariau institutions.
By Mr. JULIAN: A petition of 100 set-
tlers in the State of California, praying the
passage of Mr. Julian's bill of the last ses-
sion defining swamp and overflowed lands,
and alleging that its passage would save mil-
lions of dollars to the Government, and a
thousand homes under the preemption and
homestead laws.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Messrs.
Nickerson & Co., and others, merchants of
Boston, in favor of a bill to encourage ship-
building and ship owning in the United States.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The remon-
strance of Hon. V. B. Horton, H. B. Smith,
R. R. Hudson, and 140 others, citizens and
firms, representing the entire manufacturing
and mining interests of Pomeroy and vicinity,
against the obstruction of the Ohio river bv
the erection of a bridge as at present being
constructed between Cincinnati, Ohio, and
Newport, Kentucky.
By Mr. BOOTS : A petition of citizens of
White county, Arkansas, requesting the estab-
lishment of a mail route in White and Prairie
counties, in the State of Arkansas.
IN SENATE.
Friday,' January 13, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. L. T. Widekmann.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings wa;>
read and approved.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Postmaster General, com-
municating, in compliance with the resolution
of the Senate of the 12th instant, a statement
of the amount of free matter passing through
the mails duringthe period of six months end-
