1300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
ties requisite for the position which he holds ?
Then, sir, I say the argument which gentle-
men have attempted to enforce upon this
Senate utterly fails when they say that com-
petent men will not take these places at the
fixed salary now created by law. The best
men in our various localities did seek them
and now hold them, and an increased pay
does not change a single official. I would
still, as a matter of equality—because I think
there ought to be something of equality in the
compensation of our various judges—place the
judges of our circuit courts at $6,000, in-
stead of letting them remain at the precise
.sum which the Senate has voted shall be given
to the district judges. I hope the Senator
from New York will, as I think he may wisely,
consider that it will be proper and just; rela-
tively just at least, that the circuit judges
should receive something more of compen-
sation than the district judges. The duties
which they discharge and the position which
they occupy certainly would entitle them to
that.
But all this argument about getting better
men by increasing the salaries has, in my hum-
ble judgment, not one particle of foundation
in it; and it would have been much wiser on
the part of the Senate to let the law remain in
relation to the district judges as it now stands;
but if that is to be changed, if the district
judges are to remain in this section at $5,000,
I am willing to consent that the circuit judge3
shall have their compensation increased to the
extent of $6,000, but not beyond that.
Mr. CONKLING. At the suggestion of the
Senator from Maine, some other Senators con-
curring, I beg to modify.my amendment; and
in lieu of moving to strike this clause out alto-
gether, I move to reduce the amount from
$7,000 to $6,000.
Mr. COLE. I hope we shall have the vote
now on this question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from New York
to the amendment of the committee, to strike
out "$7,000" and insert <:S6,000'' as the
annual salarv of the circuit judges.
-Mr. SAULSBUI1Y. Mr. President, if I
expected hereafter to be a politician I should
try to hold this Administration responsible for
its extravagances. It has been a very extrav-
agant and wasteful Administration. But the
expenditure of money for proper and legiti-
mate purposes is not at all times an evidence
of extravagance. I think the Senate would do
right if it increased the salaries of the judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States to
$10,COO a year. I do not think that men
who have brains enough to be judges of the
Supreme Court of the United States, or circuit
judges, or district judges, should be expected
to render service, and I do not think the
American people ought to desire to have their j
services upon poor and inadequate remunera-
tions. I believe that while the Administra-
tion and the party in power ought to be held
responsible for its wasteful extravagance, no
upright man. no right-thinking man, ought to
find fault with this Congress or with the party
in power for giving to the veuerable and able
and learned men who fill the highest judicial
stations in your Government a full, fair, ade-
quate, ay, sir, a liberal compensation. There-
tore, so far as the judges of the Supreme Court
of the United States, or the circuit judges, or
the district judges, are concerned, I do not
care to what political party they may belong,
I will vote for the most liberal allowance for
their services within any reasonable limit.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I hope
the motion of the Senator from New York
will be carried, as there is every appearance
tliat it will be; and I shall con'eiu mjself,
therefore, with remarking that unless that, ad-
justment of the salaries of the circuit judges
is made I shall consider the whole of the
relations between the different judges, with
respect to salary, so incongruous and dispro-
portionate that I should regard the amend-
ment, as a whole, as being extremely objec-
tionable. If, however, the salary of the cir-
cuit judges shall be fixed at $6,000, that, as
compared with $8,000 for the judges of the
Supreme Court, seems to be in the proper pro-
portion, and I shall vote for the amendment of
the Senator from New York.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York to the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the adoption of the amend-
ment of the Committee on Appropriations as
amended, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Secretary to
read it as it now stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the amendment as amended.
Mr. STEWART. I rise to call for the yeas
and nays on the amendment of the Senator
from New York.
Mr. COLE. The Senator is too late in his
call. We have passed to another question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing amendment will be reported as requested
by the Senator from California.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
amended, as follows:
Awl be it further enacted, Xhat from and after the
said 1st day of July, 1871, the annual salary of the
Chief Justice cf tho Supreme Court of the United
States shall be $3,500, and the anmial salary of each
of the associate justices of the Supreme Court shall
be $8,000, and of each circuit judge $6,000; and of the
chief justice of the Court of Claims and of the.chief
justice of the supreme court of the District of
Columbia, $6,000; and of each judge of the Court of
Claims and of each justiec of the aupreme court of
the District of Columbia £5,500; and of each district
judge, $5,000. And it shall he the duty of the circuit
judge in each judicial circuit, whenever in his judg-
ment the public interest shall so require, to desig-
nate and appoint, in the manner and with ail the
powers provided in an act to provide for holding the
courts of the United States in case of the sickness or
other disability of the judges of the district courts,
approved July £9,1850, the district iudse of any judi-
cial district within his circuit to hola a district or
circuit court in tho place or aid of anv other district
judge within the same circuit: and it shall be the
duty of such district judge as shall be for that pur-
pose designated and appointed to hold tiic district
or circuit court as aforesaid without any other com-
pensation than his regular salary as established by
law.
Mr. SAWYER. .Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. I wish to move a recon-
sideration of the vote on the last amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from South Carolina is recognized.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to have a slight
amendment made at the end of the thirteenth
line, after the word "dollars," by inserting
"and such sums as may be necessary to pay
the same are hereby appropriated out of any
money not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. SHERMAN. That is provided for in
a previous part of the bill. The appropriation
is made in pages 53 and ol,
Mr. SAWYER. But the sum will be raised.
.Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care about it;
let it go.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as amended; upon which
the yeas and navs have been ordered.
Mr. CASSERIjY. 1 move a further amend-
ment with reference to the local courts here
in this District. In line nine I move to strike
out "six" and insert "five;" so that the chief
justices of these local courts shall get, $5,OO0t
which, I understand, will be an increase of
$o0Q a year on their present salaries.
Mr. SHERMAN. That has already been
amended.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am taking the amend-
ment as it now stands. It has once been
amended so as to leave out $500.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that the Senator's amendment
is not in order at this time. It may be pro-
posed when tho bill shall be reported to the
Senate; but the Senate, as in Committee of
the Whole, have agreed to the amounts now
in.the amendment as the salaries of the judges
of the Court of Claims and supreme court
of the District of Columbia, and at this time
an amendment in that respect is not in order.
Mr. CASSERLY. If it is understood that
I may move the amendment in the Senate I
shall be content.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will be at liberty to propose his amendment
in the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I shall reserve it
for that.
Mr. STEWART. The same thing occurred
to-day in regard to the circuit judges, but there
was so much confusion that I could not get the
yeas and nays. Their salary had once been
voted on by yeas and nays and fixed at $7,000,
but jast now that was changed again. If it is
against the rules to change an amount once
adopted, as the Chair has just ruled with
regard to the judges of the local courts here,
it must be so in regard to the circuit court
judges. I move to reconsider that vote on
the circuit judges. It was against the rule; it
was out of order. I attempted to call the yeas
and nays, but could not get them, and now I
move to reconsider. I will say that if the sal-
aries are to be now fixed I want them fixed so
that we shall not have to change them next
year. If we have to meet next year the argu-
ment that they were adjusted this year, I pre-
fer to let them alone. 1 want them properly
fixed now, so that the circuit judges shall have
enough to live on and attend to their duties.
If we cannot get that I am opposed to doing
anything now, but prefer to wait until there
can be a proper adjustment for the Supreme
Court and all. I do not believe in adjusting
this thing by halves. The other vote was taken
against the rules of the Senate, for the salary
of the circuit judges had been fixed by a vote
by yeas and nays. Since I could not get the
yeas and nays in time E move to reconsider.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator from Nevada will withdraw that ino-
i tion, as he will accomplish the same pat-pose
by a separate vote in the Senate on the ques-
tion of concurring in the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. STEWART. When this passes away I
do not want to occupy time again with it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It simply
consumes time, and I suggest the Senator will
facilitate the progress of the bill to reserve
the point till the bill shall be reported to the
Senate.
_ The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise-to a question of
order before the motion is entertained; and I
raise this question of order: that the Senator
fiotn Nevada was not here when the vote was
taken which he now moves to reconsider, and
therefore did not vote in the negative or affirm-
ative. I submit that such a motion cannot
come from him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Assuming
that to be the fact, of which the Chair has no
knowledge 
Mr. CONKLING. I saw the Senator enter
the Chamber afterward.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If that is
so, the Senator from Nevada hus no right to
move to reconsider.
Mr. STE WART. I was standing here, where
I am now.
Mr. CONKLING. But that is not within
the hat-.
Mr. WARNER. I was present, andl renew
the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on reconsidering the.vote by which the
