1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1301
salary of the circuit judges was fixed at $6,000
per annum.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Did the Sen-
ator from Alabama vote with the prevailing
side? I inquire, so as to know whether he has
the right to move to reconsider.
Mr. WARNER. I did not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I object
to his making the motion.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Sen-
ator cannot make that motion. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations as amended, upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 23 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Carpen-
ter, Casserly, Cole, Corbett, Edmunds, Fowler, Gar-
Ian, Hill, Howard, Kellogg, McDonald, I\"ye, Osborn,
Pool, Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Robertson, Ros«. Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Sehurz, Scott, Sprague, Stewart,
Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—35.
KAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Chandler, Conkling, Davis, Ponton, Flan-
agan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
1'exas, Hamlin. Howell. MeCreery, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Poineroy, Pratt, Sherman, Spencer, Vickers,
Willey, and Yates—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Cattell, Cra-
gin, Ferry, Harris, Howe, Johnston, Lewis, Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Stearns, Thayer, and
Thurmari—15.
So the amendment, as amended, was
agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is it now in order to
move an amendment?
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are
amendments pending proposed by the Com-
mittee ou Appropriations. The Clerk will
read the next amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is to insert as a new section the following :
And be it further enacted, That the salaries hereiji
provided for in the foregoing section of this act
shall be payable in Quarterly installments on the
1st days of April, July, October, and January of cach
year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment af the Committee on
Appropriations was to insert as an additional
section the following :
And be it further enacted, That no person shall
hereafter act or be employed as agent, attorney, or
counsel for the prosecution of, or be interested in,
the prosecution of any claim or demand, (except
such as may have originally arisen in his own right,)
before or in any executive department of the Gov-
ernment, or any branch or bureau thereof, in which
such person shall have been an officer or employed
withiu threo years next preceding the becoming such
agent, attorney, or counsel, or becoming interested
in the prosecution of such claim or demand. And
every person offending against the provisions of this
section shall be giulry of a misdemeanor, and, on
conviction thereof, shall pay a fine not exceeding
91,000, or bo imprisoned not exceeding one year.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report a substitute for
that section. I move to strike out all after its
enacting clause and to insert the following:
That from and after the passage of this act no ac-
counts or claims which have been adjusted by the
accounting officers of the Treasury shall be reopened
without authority specially given by law, nor shall
the accounting officers of the Treasury act upon any
account or claim which shall not have been pre-
sented within six years from the date at which it
originated, unless the person having the claim was
an infant, feme covert, or lunatic, and then within
six years from and after the removal of the disabil-
ity: Provided, That this section shall not apply to
any claim of loyal men arising in States formerly in
i nsurrection, which by operation of law could not be
finally settled and adjusted: And provided further,
-that this section shall not apply to eases where
special acts have passed, or shall pass, for the relief
oi individuals.
And be it further enacted, That no person who has
been an officer, or clerk, in the public service in any
or the Departments in Washington shall, within
three years thereafter, act as agent or attorney in
the prosecution of etaims before the Department in
which ho served; and any person offending against
the provisions ot this section shall be liable to in-
dictment as tor a, misdemeanor in any court of the
United btates having jurisdiction thereof, and on
conviction shall pay a fine not exceeding$1,000, and
be imprisoned not exceeding one year.
And be it farthereimeted, That when a greatersum
shall be appropriated for the compensation of any
•officer or oleik th-in the pay or salary of such officer
as fixed by law, such opproprial ion shall not bo con-
sumed to increase sac'u pay or salary unless the act
•making such appropriation specifically increases
such pay or salary, and no greater sum shall be paid
than the pay or salary fixed by law.
Mr. DAVIS. I will-make a remark on the
question upon which the Senate divided last.
I misunderstood the question. I thought it
was the motion made by the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Stewart] to reconsider; that it
was not upon the adoption -of- the amend-
ment as amended. I should like to have the
record of my vote changed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That has never been
done. The Senator's statement is sufficient.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. If objec-
tion is interposed the correction cannot be
Mr. EDMUNDS. It cannot be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the substitute proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to the amendment reported
by the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. DAVIS. Does the Chair decide that
by the unanimous consent of the Senate my
vote cannot be placed on record, as I intended
it should be? -
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly
not; the Chair decided that by unanimous con-
sent it could be; but two or three Senators
objected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that has
never been done in the Senate; and I under-
stand it cannot be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not ask it, if anybody
objects.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator has accom-
plished his object by making the statement.
Mr. DAVIS. I would rather accomplish
my object in my own way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will understand that the question will
recur upon the amendment again in the Sen-
ate. The Senate is now acting as in Com-
mittee of the Whoie.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is a rule
that will not allow a vote to be changed after
the result has been announced, even by unan-
imous consent. That is my understanding of
the rule.
Mr. DAVIS. If a member of the Senate
votes through misconception ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think so, after the
record has been made up.
Mr. DAVIS. It is not a matter worth dis-
puting about, and I waive it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that by unanimous consent of
the Senate the vote can be changed, as it will
not affect the result; but if there be objection
it cannot be done.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the rule is decid-
edly against it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made. The question recurs on the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Finance
as an amendment to that of the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to understand
the amendment that is pending. It is a long
amendment, of several sections, and I should
like to know if it is in print.
Mr. SHERMAN. It isin print and on your
table, to-day reported from the Committee on
Finance and printed. I think it would be well
enough, as the amendment is important, to
read each section, and let the vote be taken
on each. Each section is a distinct proposi-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be adopted if there is no objection, and
the Secretary will read the first section of the
proposed amendment.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That from and after the passage of this act no
accounts or claims which have been adjusted by the
accounting officers of the Treasury shall be reopened
without authority specially given by law, nor shall
the accounting officers of the Treasury act upon any
aecount or claim which shall not have been pre-
sented within six years from the data atwhiehit
originated, unless the person having the claim .was
an infant, feme covert, or lunatic, .and then within
six years from and after the removal of the dis-
ability: Provided, That this section shall not apply
to any claim of loyal men arising in States formerly
in insurrection, which, by operation of law could not
he finally settled and adjusted : And, provided fur-
ther, That this section shall not apply to cases where
special acts have passed, or shall pass, for the relief
of individuals.
- The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
first section of the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON. It seems to me that in the
second line after the word " which" the word
"shall" should be inserted, so as to read
" that from and after the passage of this act
no accounts or claims which shall Save been
adjusted by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury." As it now stands it will only apply to
what has been done.
• Mr. SHERMAN. It applies to the past.
However, I am not particular about the
phraseology.
Mr. WILSON. I move to insert the word
"shall," because that will apply it to all cases
that have not been adjusted yet.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I can get the attention
of the Senate I will explain precisely what this
jproposition is.
Mr. POMEROY rose.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I have the floor, I
should like to go on.
- Mr. POMEROY. The Senator has the floor
and can go on if he desires. I have not got
charge of the appropriation bill, but if we are
going to have all the legislation of this session
moved on the appropriation bills I think I have
got charge of several measures that I shall
propose.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is clearly
not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not see that the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
cares whether we put these things on or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a section in this
bill now reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations which the Senator would have seen
if he had read the appropriation bill, and the
sections that I now offer are presented as a
substitute for that section. They relate to the
same matter, are germane to it and are
pertinent to it.
Mr. POMEROY. They relate to a good
deal not in this section.
Mr. SHERMAN. In regard to this partic-
ular section the law was just as this section
provides in 1840, I think it was, and it con-
tinued to be the law until it was repealed by
a blind amendment to an appropriation bill.
But this section is now the law of the Depart-
ment; that is, it is the regulation of the De-
partment. By the regulation of the Depart-
ment an account that is once adjusted and
closed, and all the items gone through and
either allowed or rejected, is not open at all,
and therefore it is usually said when an account
is presented again, "That matter has been
adjusted." This section is offered for the pur-
pose of giving to that regulation the force of
law. The House of Representatives have
unanimously passed this section in almost the
very words I now offer it, and the Committee
on Finance have examined it and modified it
somewhat, and have now reported it. It pre-
sents a separate and distinct question, and
that is all I desire to say about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
of my friend from Ohio what is the effect of
the qualification of the section that has now
been read touching claims of loyal men who
could not by law make their claims within the
six years. I should be obliged to him if he
would explain that.
Mr. SHERMAN. By the existing law cer-
tain classes of claims that have been made by
loyal people in the lately seceded States are
excluded from the consideration of the Depart-
ments. This section simply leaves those elaims
to stand upon the present law. I am not in-
