1914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
the first, fourth, fifth, sixth, eighth, and ninth amend-
ments of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disazreement to
the third amenlmentof the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment as follows:
Strike out "two hundred and fifty" and insert
"lour hundred;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same with the following amendment:
Insert after the word " envelope " "as furnished by
the Government/' and strike out all atter the word
writtenand the Senate agree to the same,
-That the House recede from their disagreement to
the tenth amendment of theSenate and agree to the
same with the following amendments:
_ Strike out all after the word "draft" and insert in
lieu thereof the following:
*' Payable to the order of the Postmaster General,
or some reliable banking house or banking institu-
tion, which cheek or draft shall not be less than five
percent, on the amounts that they will receive in
any one year under such bid. In case any bidder on
being awarded any such contract shall fail to enter
into good and suthcient bonds to faithfully carry out
such contracts, such bidder or bidders shall forfeit
the amount so deposited to the United States for the
use ot the Post Office Department. Otherwise such
draft or cheek so deposited sh all be returned to the
bidder to whom it belongs;" and that the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the eleventh amendment and agree to the same
with the following amendment:
Strike out all atter the word "that" where it first
occurs, and insert "it shall be unlawful tor the New-
port and Cincinnati Bridge Company, or any other
company or persons to proceed in the erection of the
bridge now being constructed across the Ohio river
iroui the city of Cincinnati. Ohio, to the city of New-
port, Kentucky, and the approaches thereto, unless,
said bridge shall be so constructed that the channel
span of tour hundred feet.asnowlocated, shallhavo
under such span a clear headway at low-water mark,
of one hundred feet below any point of said channel
span, and in such case no draw shall be required in
said bridge. Ail other spans of said bridge which
cover the Ohio river at low-water mark shall have a
clear headway of not less than seventy feet above
low-water mark, and the other spans of said bridge
extending to each shore may be made ot less eleva-
tion than twenty feet above low-water mark, to ac-
commodate the regular grade for the approaches to
said bridge; and when the foregoing requirements
shall have been complied with by the board ot said
Newport atad Cincinnati Bridge Company in the lo-
cation of said bridge, that structure and approaches
shall thereupon bo deemed legalized and declared to
be a lawful structure, and shall be recognized and
known as a post route. Plans for the changes in such
bridge made necessary by this act shall be submitted
by the said company to the Secretary ot War for his
approval, and in the event of the bridge company
making the changes provided for in thus act it shall
be lawlul ior the said company, after they shall have
made the changes 111 the .said bridge and the ap-
proaches thereto as hoi cm provided, to file their
bill in equity against the United State* in the cir-
cuit couitot the United States lor the southern dis-
trict ot Ohio, and full jurisdiction is hereby conferred
upon the said court to determine, first, whether the
bridge according to tho plans ou which it lia-i pro-
grosbed, to tho passage of this act has been con-
structed so as to substantially comply with the pro-
visions ol the law relating thereto; and second, the
liability of the United ijtatos, it any there be, to the
said company by reason of tho changes by this net
required to ho made; and if the said court shall de-
teimine that tho United States is so liable and that
the said bridge is so being built, then the said court
shall further ascertain the amount of actual and
necessary cost and expenditures reasonably required
to be incurred 111 making the changes m said bridge
and its approaches, as hereby authorized orrequired
in excess ot the cost ot building tho said bridge and
approaches according to the plan proposed betore the
changes required by this act to be made; and
the said court is hereby authorized and required to
proceod thereon to final decree as in other cases in
equity; and it shall be lawlul for cither party to the
ssud suit to appeal from tho final decree of tho said
circuit court to the Supreme Court of the United
States, as in other eases, and the Supreme Court
shall thereupon proceed to hear and determine the
said caue^and make final decree thereon,and there-
upon, if such decree shall be in favor ot the said
company, the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
states shall, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, pay to the said company
such sum ol money as shall by said Supremo Court
be so decreed to be paid to the said company: Pro-
viaed nevertheless, That no money shall be paid by
tae Secretary of the Treasury to the said company
untutnefeupremeCourf, upon appeal taken as afore-
said, shall render a final decree in the case, in favor
or the said company; " and that the Senate agree to
tae same.
F. C. BEAMAN.
JOHN P. FA11NSWOHTII,
O.J. DICKEY,
Managers on the part of the House.
ALEXANDER RAMSEY.
JOHN SHERMAN.
Managers on the jxtif oj thg Senate.
The question was on agreeing to the report
of the committee ou conference.
Mr. GARF-1-ELDj of Ohio. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. beajian]
how much money can be taken out of the Fed-
eral Treasury and paid to this company for
raising their bridge?
Mr. BBAMAN. Just such sum as the court
of the United States for the southern district
of Ohio, or the Supreme Court of the United
States, on the appeal, shall determine that the
company is entitled to ; provided that the
court shall determine that any sum whatever
shall be paid to the company.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is there any
limitation to the amount that may be so
allowed ?
Mr. BEAMAN. No ; there is no limitation
at all.
Mr. BINGHAM. Why should there beany
limitation by Congress to a future judgment of
the court?
Mr. ARCHER. What was the estimate of
the War Department?
Mr. STEVENSON. I can answer the gen-
tleman.
Mr. BEAMAN. I think it was $280,000.
Mr. STEVENSON. It was $288,000.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to ask
a question. I understand that this portion of
the report on this bill relating to the Newport
bridge is the result of an understanding or
compromise between those who are in favor
of ths bridge and those who are against it ;
that, so far as they are concerned, they have
agieed that this report shall be adopted.
Mr. BEAMAN. Yes, sir; I may state that
this is entirely satisfactory, so far as I can
learn, both to the bridge interest and to the
river interest. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and_
the main question ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the report of the committee
of conference was agreed to.
Mr. BE A11AN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lands sold for taxes.
Mr. COOK, from a committee of confer-
ence, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon tho amendment of tho
House to Senate bill No, 995. entitled "An act for
tho relief of purchasers©* lands sold for taxes in the
insurrectionary States," having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to ^recommend, and do
recommend, that the House recede from its amend-
ment to said bill.
BURTON C. COOK,
J. A. PETERS.
Managers on the part of the House.
LYM.AN TRUMBULL,
GEORGE VICKRRS,
"VV. Al. STEWART,
Managers on the Dart of theSenate.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jeap.uim atkins.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent
to have tak&n from the Speaker's table and i
passed Senate bill No. 1271, to amend an act
for the relief of Jearum. Atkins, approved July
15, 1870.
Mr. COX. I object if it is not a report of
a committee of conference.
Mr. LOGAN. Let the bill be read. It is
merely to correct a word in a patent. The bill
passed the House at the last session and failed
in the Senate. It has now passed the Senate
and it comes to the House. Let it be read.
rfhe bill was read. It proposes to amend
the act entitled "An act for the relief of Jearum
Atkins," approved July 15,1870, so as to read
as follows:
That the Commissioner of Patents be, and he
hereby is, authorized to entertain and exercisc juris-
diction over a petition of Jearum Atkins for the
extension of letters-patent granted to him on the
21st day of December, 1852, for a further term of
seven years from the day on which such extension
maybe granted, and to hear and determine upon
the said petition in the same manner and with the
sameeffectas if the original teirn ot said patent had
not expired, and to grant, or refuse such extension
upon the same principles that govern his decisions
upon such applications when made in due course of
law: Provided. That before granting any extension
upon such petition the Commissioner shall be satis-
fied that the same will inure to the sole benefit of
said Atkins: And provided further, That no person
shall be held liable for the infringement of said
patent, if extended, for making use of said invention
since the expiration of the original term of said
patent, and prior to the date of its extension.
Mr. COX. I understand that the only cor-
rection is to change 641st of December" to
" 21stof December."
Mr. LOGAN. That is all.
Mr. COX. I will not object.
No objection being made, the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. DICKEY, from a committee of con-
ference, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes ot the two Houses on the bill of the House
No. 2816, entitled "An act making appropriations
lor the support of tho Army tor the year ending
June 30,1872, and ior other purposes," having met,
after lull and tree conference, have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend to their respective Houses
as follows:
That the Senate recede from the second, fourth,
and seventh amendments.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first, tifth, sixth, and ninth amendments of the
Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the third amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendment, namely:
Strikeout the proviso, and insert m lieu thereof
the following :
Provided, That this section shall not be construed
to affect the legal rights of the Government or the
obligations of the companies, exocpt as herein spe-
cifically provided.
And that said amendment, so amended, be placed
at the end of the bill as a new section; and that the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighth amendment ot the Senate, and agree to
the same with the followmgamendment, namely:
Strike out all of the said amendment, and insert in
lieu thereof the following:
That the President of the United States shall be,
and he is hereby, authorized to nominate, and, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
appoint a board ot commissioners, to be designated
as commissioners of claim?, to consist of thi ee com-
missioners, who shall becomrmsMoned lor two years,
and whose duty it shall be to receive, examine, arid
consider the justice and validity of such claims as
shall bo brought befoie them, of those- citizcns who
remained loyal adherents to the cause and the Gov-
ernment ot the United States during the war, for
stores or supplies taken ur furnished during the
rebellion for the use of tho Army of tho United
States in States proclaimed as in insurrection against
the United State6*, including the use and loss of ves-
sels or boats while employed m the military servicc
of the United States. And the said commissioners
in considering said claims shall be satisfied from the
testimony of witnesses under oath, or from other
sufficient evidence which shall accompany each
claim, taken under such rules and regulations as the
commissioners may adopt, of the loyalty and adher-
ence of the claimant to the cause and the Govern-
ment of tho United States before and at the time of
the taking or furnishing of the property for which
any claim shall be made, and of the quantity, qual-
ity, and value of the property alleged to have been
taken or furnished, and. the time, place, and mate-
rial circumstances ot the taking or furnishing of the
same. And upon satisfactory evidence of the justice
and validity of any claim, the commissioners shall
report their opinion in writing in each case, and
shall certify the nature, amount, and value of the
property taken, furnished, or used as aforesaid.
And each claim which shall be considered and
rejected as unjust and invalid, shall likewise be
reported, with the reasons therefor; and noclaimant
shall withdraw any material evidence submitted in
support ot any cAami.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That said com-
missioners shall each take the oath of office provided
by law to be taken by all officers of tho United
states, and shall proceed without delay to discharge
their dunes under this act. The President of the
united States shall designate in his appointment-
one ol said commissioners to be president of the
board, and suall be authorized to fill any vacancy
