1802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
formed as to the date of the law; perhaps the
Senator from New York [Sir. Conklijtg] can
tell; at any rate a few years ago a law was
passed which prevented those claims from
being presented to the accounting officers.
That law still stands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Claims for quartermas-
ters' stores?
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose so.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Before the Senator sits
•down allow me to call his attention to the pro-
viso for another purpose:
Provided, That this section shall not apply to any
claims of loyal men arising in States formerly in
insurrection which by operation oi law could not
be finally settled and adjusted.
I call his attention to the fact that that pro-
viso applies as well to that part of the section
which speaks an inhibition against reopening
accounts as it does to the statute of limitations.
I do not think that cau be the design. Where
ever there is a loyal man who has in truth had
his account adjusted 
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been paid.
Mr. CONKLING. That may be. Perhaps
I do not make myself clear. The body of this
section has two members. The first part of
the section is to the effect that after the pas-
sage of this act adjusted accounts shall not be
reopened. The second is to the effect that if'
the claim shall not have been presented within
six years from the date at which it originated
it shall be barred, unless for special reason.
Now, the proviso is that the act—not the limit-
ing clause of the act, but the act—shall not apply
to loyal persons who have claims from States
which have been in insurrection. Therefore,
I submit to the Senator that it is repugnant on
its face. It would seem that if a man comes
from a State not in insurrection and his account
has been adjusted, that cannot be reopened ;
but other accounts can be reopened although
adjusted. This is a verbal criticism. I suppose
the design is not as expressed on the face of
the section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should have no objec-
tion to changing it in that respect, but it would
be providing for a case that cannot exist, for
this simple reason : if claims of that kind have
been presented and paid, that is the end of
them; but the fact is they never have been
presented, and the law forbade their present-
ation at the close of the war, and there are
no such claims, I understand, pending. That
proviso was put on in the House of Repre-
sentatives, to leave that class of claims stand
precisely as they stand under existing law.
This section simply provides that they shall
not reopen a claim that has been fairly passed
upon and adjusted by the accounting officers.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the attention of
the Senator from Ohio still, because I see I
have not made myself understood. Here is
a proviso to a section. The section contains
two members. The first is to the effect that
an adjusted account—not an account that has
been paid—but an adjusted account—shall not
be reopened. The second member of the sec-
tion is a statute of limitations. The proviso
is, not that the statute of limitations shall not
apply to claimants from southern States, but
that the section shall not apply to claimants
from southern States. It is no answer to say
that there are no such claimants, even if the
fact were so. My point is, that the effect of
the section is to allow claimants from southern
States to reopen their accounts which have
been adjusted against them, or partially against
them, whereas it would exclude all other per-
sons from doing it. I submit that the object
of the proviso at the end of the section must
have been to exempt southern men from the
operation, of this statute of limitations, not to
put them upon a different footing from others
with regard to the rest of the section.
Mr. WARNER. If the Senator will insert
the words " the limiting clause of" before the
words " this section" in the proviso, 1 pre.-
sume there will be no objection to it, and that
will cover the poiut
Mr. CONKLING. That is what I think;
but as I have not this matter in charge I do
not wish to move any amendment, but simply
to make a suggestion to the Senator from Ohio.
Now, I ask the attention of the Senator from
Ohio to another proposition. A friend of mine,
who knows much more about such things than
I do, called upon me this morning and sug-
gested to me that injustice would be worked
by this provision in another regard; and I sug-
gest it to the Senate and to the Senator from
Ohio for whatever it may be worth. He says
that the words occurring in the third and fourth
lines, "that from and after the passage of this
act no accounts or claims which have been
adjusted by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury shall be reopened," will work injustice,
even if it is amended as the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts proposed, and for this reason: if it
were to speak for the future no injustice would
be worked, for everybody would have notice;
but he says there are numbers of persons who
have presented claims which have been ad-
justed ; perhaps a part of the claim has been
disallowed for the want of some testimony out
of the country or district; they have not been
able to obtain it; they did not know of it at
the time ; or disallowed for the lack of testi-
mony absent at the time. Now he says that
had it been known that an act of this sort was
contemplated, perhaps diligence might have
been used which by this time would have pro-
cured that testimony; but suddenly an act is
proposed to be passed which forever concludes
and forecloses these claims. His suggestion
is that, equitably, this provision should be con-
fined to the future, so that those whose claims
have been adjusted heretofore shall have their
claims standing as they do now. As I under-
stand, they are now upon this footing: as a
regulation of the Department, the adjustment
stands; it is discretionary, however; and when
a man comes and shows an exceptional and
meritorious reason for reopening the account,
as a matter of jurisdiction and power, the sug-
gestion is entertained at the Department and
decided upon its i~ The suggestion is,
that should this section be adopted all persons
will be suddenly caught, and they will find
that they are without remedy, although they
may have a meritorious application to pre-
sent. I make no motion about it, but I simply
suggest it for the consideration of Senators
who are better instructed in regard to it.
Mr. NYE. I should like to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Ohio to this section,
to see if I understand it. As I understand it
where an accouut appears upon the books of
the Treasury Department adjusted they are
not to have the power to open it again.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senator goes
on he will have first to ascertain the meaning of
the word " adjusted." It all turns upon that.
That is the answer. I am willing to hear the
Senator.
Mr. NYE. I was simply going to state a
fact which is a matter of record. A very
meritorious gentleman from the Pacific coast,
formerly an officer of the Army, had his
accounts adjusted here in the Treasury De-
partment some eight or ten years ago and a
balance was struck against him of a hundred
and twenty or a hundred and thirty thousan d
dollars. Upon reopening the accounts and
looking at them the Department found that
there was $87,000 that had not been credited
to him that should have been, and we passed
a lav/ here this winter covering that case.
Now I want to know if it is intended to cut
off that kind of adjustment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to my friend
from Nevada that it will cut off that kind of
adjustment by the sheer will of the Depart-
ment, but will allow Congress to act upon such
cases.
Mr. NYE. Where the officers of the De-
partment are convinced that there has been
an absolute mistake in the accounts, 1 do not
think the party interested should be compelled
to come here and get a bill through Congress
in order to open them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The answer to that is,
that where there is one ease of that kind there
will be a hundred of the other, where an im-
proper claimant will be pushing the Depart-
ment to open an account which ought not to
be opened.
Mr. NYE. I simply desire to be enlight-
ened on that point. If the Treasury Depart-
ment, having adjusted the accouut of any per-
son, should find, sj,x years afterward, that there
was an honest balance due that person, or that
a mistake had been made in the account, I
insist upon it that the injured person should
not be driven through this terrible labyrinth
of Congress in order to obtain relief. Nov/, sir,
when I first went to bank—I went there for
another person—they had a rule that no mis-
takes were corrected away from the counter
of the bank. They once paid me $180 more
than I was entitled to on the paper I held, and
then they changed their rule within twenty
minutes. That account was adjusted. I pre-
sented the paper and got my money, and got
$180 too much. But if the mistake had been
the other way, and I had gone home, I think
it very doubtful whether they would have ad-
justed it, and it is questionable whether my
employer would not have called my integrity
in question.
Mr. President, I do not believe in this doe-
trine at all. I believe that the same principle
should apply between the Treasury of the
United States and individuals dealing with it
as applies between two individuals. If two
honest men have an account, and receipts are
passed and the account is adjusted in the lan-
guage of this law, and then they find that a
mistake has been made, I believe they have
a right, by every principle of fair dealing, to
correct it; and I deny that the Treasury as-
sumes any more sacred aspect in its deal-
ings than one individual with another. If the
Secretary of the Treasury or any other officer
of the Treasury adjusts an account of mine
and does me a flagrant injustice, although six
years may have elapsed, 1 should not be driven
through Congress to adjust what could be easily
adjusted upon a reaccountingbetween the par-
ties.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The answer to my friend
from Nevada is perfectly obvious. Between
private persons the man who is called upon to
reopen an account is the proprietor of his own
money, and if he chooses to give it away or
throw it away it is no person's business but
his own. But the Treasury Department is the
agent of the people ; it is the people's money
and not its own which is in its possession :
and therefore it would be, to make the analogy
perfect, exactly like a case between private
persons where an agent doing business for a
principal was to be authorized, as my friend
from Nevada wishes the Treasury to be author-
ized, to charge his principal by opening old
accounts that had long since been settled, and
compel his principal to ratify whatever the
agent had done of his own will and notion,
which would be totally wrong. Private busi-
ness cannot be carried on in that way. The
whole error of my friend is upon the idea that
the Secretary of theTreasury is the proprietor
of the money he has to pay out among claim-
ants. He is not; quite the reverse; he is
merely the agent of the people. Therefore,
if an old account is to be opened the man who
wants it opened ought to come to the people
themselves; that is to say, to those persons
whom the people have selected to decide, and
who, in a large nation, must be selected to
decide what part of the people's money shall
be paid out.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr, President, I do nci
apprehend that I shall ever have so many as
ten thousand dollars at my command ; but if !
were to have a claim against this Government
j for thatamount, however just and rauritorious,
and they were to refuse its payment, poor a- |
