1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
and superintendent of Indian affairs the dan-
ger that was impending ; that in consequence
of this information a great massacre was pre-
vented ; that the Indians in revenge for the
information ho had thns communicated drove
off all his stock, consisting of one hundred and
seventy-five horses, brood mares, mules, and
young stock, the same being divided between
the Cheyenues and Sioux. He places his loss
at S30,C00. He says that the Secretary of the
Interior, to whom he presented his claim,
decided that the tribes who committed the
depredations were not at the time in amity
with the United States, and hence his claim
could not be admitted to be deducted out of
the annuities of the tribes under the seven-
teenth section of theact of June 30,1834. lie
therefore prays that the amount of his loss be
appropriated from any moneys in the Treas-
ury, and that the same be charged against the
annuities of the tribes who committed the
injuries.
The committee, under the circumstances,
think that the subject-matter of this memorial
falls more appropriately within the jurisdiction
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, who are
presumed to be, and in point of fact are, much
more familiar with the general law regulating
the intercourse with the Indian tribes, and with
the treaty stipulations subsisting between the
United States and the various tribes of Indians
who inflicted these injuries. The Committee
on Claims, therefore, instruct me to report the
memorial back to the Senate, with a request
that that committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject and that it
be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
bjxi. introduced.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1109)
to create ports of delivery at Eureka and Wil-
mington, in California ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committeeon Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
pulsr,[cation7 of treasury statcmknts.
. Mr. THURMAN. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its present considera-
tion :
Whereas the Constitution (article one, scction
nine) provided that "a regular statement and ac-
count of the receipts and expenditures of alt pub-
lic money shall be published from time to time:"
and whereas by the foul'th section of the act en-
titled "An act to establish tho Treasury Depart-
ment," approved September 2, 1789, it is provided
" that it shall be the duty of the Treasurer to receive
and keep the moneys of the United States and to dis-
burse the sa.me upon warrants drawn by the Secretary
of tho Treasury, countersigned by the Comptroller,
recorded by the Register, and not otherwise; hoshaU
take receipts for all moneys paid by hnn, and ail
receipts for money? 1 eceived by him shall bo indorsed
upon wan ants signed by the Secrctaiy of the Treas-
ury, without which watrant. so signed, no acknowl-
edgment for mnney received into the public Treas-
ury shail bo valid: and tho said Treasurer shall
render his accounts to the Comptroller quarterly,
tor oftencr if required,) aiid^shaH tiansnutp copy
thereof, when settled, to the Secr-ctcry of the Treas-
ury ; ho shall moreover, on the third day of every
session of Congress, lay beiore theScnate and House
of Representative? fair and aceur.ste copies of all
accounts by him from time [to time! rendered to
and settled with the Comptroller as atoresaid, as
also a true and perfect account 01 tho state of the
Treasury;'' and whereas by a- standing order of the
House of Representatives, adopted December Hi',
1791, it was
" Jiexolved. That it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of the. Treasury to lav before tho House of ltepre-
sentatives, on the fourth Monday of October in each
year. it Congress shall then be in session, or if not
then in session, within tlio first week of the session
nest following the said fourth Monday in October,
an accurate statement and account of the receipts
and expenditures of all the public moneys down to
'be last, day. inclusively of tho month of December
immediately preceding the said fourth Monday in
October, distinguishing the amount of the receipts
of each State or district, and from each officer there-
in; in which statement shall also be distinguished
the expenditure which shall fall under eac-h head of
appropriation, and shall beshown the suras, if any,
which remain unexpended, and to be accounted for
in the next statement of eaeh and every of such
appropriations:"
And whereas by the act entitled "An act to define
and establish the fiscal year of tho Treasury of the
United States," approved August 2G, 1842, it. is pro-
vided " that said fiscal year shall commence on the
1st day of July in each year," and by section four
thereof it is provided "that the accounts ot receipts
and expenditures, required by law to bo published
annually, shall, on and after the 1st day of July,
1843, be prepared and published for the fiscal year,
as hereby established:" Therefore,
/>'/- it ri-krJwil? That tho Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he hereby is, directed to inform the Senate
whether an account of the receipts and expenditures
of the United Sta.tes for any fiscal year since that
ending June 30,1866, has been published, as required
by the Constitution, laws, and standing order afore-
said; and if not, why not?
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had better lie
over and be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that I
should object to it ; but I should like to see it
ill print.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont desires that the resolution lie
over and be printed. It will therefore lie over
under the rule ; and the order to print will be
made, if there be no objection.
131 PROVE51KN'T OF CAM! FEAR IUVER.
Mr. ABBOTT submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to transmit to the Senate any information in the pos-
session of the engineer department in relatron to
the progress of tho works near the mouth of the Cape
Fear river, in North Carolina.
ItElSECCA J. SlIUPPAF.n.
Mr. SHERMAN. As my colleague is now
in bis seat, I should like to call up the bill in
regard to the Soldiers' Home in Ohio.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania risen to offer a Senate
resolution ?
Mr. SCOTT. 1 rise to move the consider-
ation of a Senate bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio has risen for that purpose.
Mr. SCOTT. • Will the Senator from Ohio
yield for one moment? I wish to pass a bill
for the relief of a widow, to authorize the
reissue of a bond for $100. It will take but
a moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. I will yield for
that purpose.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I inquire if the unfin-
ished business of the morning hour of yester-
day does not take precedence?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is 110
unfinished business of the morning hour by
the usage of the Senate. The business re-
maining unfinished at the end of the morning
hour goes upon the Calendar, and has to be
called up, as the Senator from Ohio now
moves to proceed to the consideration of a
bill. The only unfinished business is that
pending at the adjournment at night. The j
Senator from Ohio is in possession of tho ■
floor, and has made his motion, but yields to
the Senator from Pennsylvania, who asks the
Senate to proceed to the consideration of I
Senate bill No. 887.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 887) for the relief of ;
Rebecca J. Sheppard, of Philadelphia. It ;
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue a new bond for $100, with coupons :
for interest falling due after May 1, 1865, to :
Rebecca J. Sheppard, of Philadelphia, in the :
place of a coupon bond for a like amount,
number 29037, fourth series, loan of February <
2o, 18G2, destroyed by fire ; but before such ■.
duplicate bond shall issue, satisfactory secur- 1
ity is to be given to protect the Government |
against the presentation of the original and ;
its coupons.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is there a report accom-
panying the bill?
Mr. SCOTT. It was reported from the Com-
mittee 011 Claims by the Senator from West
Virginia, [Mr. wii.ley.] I send the report
to the desk to be read, if desired by any
Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be read by the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Willey, from the Committee
Oil Claims, on the 11th instant;
! The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
i Seriate hill No. 887, for.tho relief of Rebecca J.
; Sheppard, of Philadelphia., having considered the
! same, beg leave to submit the following report:
Mrs. Sheppard was the owner of a United States
1 fe'SA1,1?1' C()up«us attached, afterMay. 1865. No.
29,69i, fourth series, loan of February 25, 1802. tehe •
kept said bond 111 her tiunk, with other securities, in
the dwellin-r-house whore she lived, in Greenwich,
Cumberland county, New Jersey. On the night of
the 2>d of February, 1865, about ono o'clock, the said
dwelling-houso was accidentally consumed by fire,
together with all its contents, said trunk and bond
included. The evidence excludes all reasonable
doubt of the loss of said bond in this manner. None
of the coupons 011 said bond maturing since that time
have been presented for payment. Tho committee
i| recommend the passage of said bill.
ij The bill was reported to the Senate without
ij amendment.
j Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to oppose
i the passage of this bill in any other sense than
to say that I have always thought it improper
to pass bills to restore these lost coupon bonds,
for the " satisfactory security" to be given to
the Government means the bond of guarantee
i of somebody who may fail to-morrow. Bonds
; of this character frequently turn up. But,
| after all, we have done this thing, and I do
j not intend to make any opposition to this par-
ticular bill in any other way than to say that I
I dissent from the whole policy of this method
j of legislation.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
i third reading, read the third time, and passed.
i| ohio foldimw' home.
;j Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. It.
I No. 241-1) ceding certain jurisdiction to the
| State of Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection to
; that bill being taken up if it can be understood
| that it will not be pressed to a passage to-day.
,! I wish to present some views upon the bill, and
| I am not fo-day in such a condition of health
\ as to be able to do it. I am perfectly willing
that the bill shall he put in such a position as
. to be the unfinished business to come up on
. Monday.
i Mr. SHERMAN. Many of my constituents.
: and the Governor of the State, whose letter I
>1 have handed to my colleague, inform me that
it is very desirable to have this bill acted upon.
I have delayed it on account of the absence of
my colleague. I trust the Senate will indulge
me now by fixing it for Monday and allowing
my colleague then to say what he desires to
say. I do not know that I shall have occasion
to reply, but perhaps I may.
Mr. THURMAN. That is satisfactory.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio asks that this bill be considered as
the unfinished business of to-day. If it were
taken up now it would at one o'clock pass
upon the Calendar. If there be no objection,
an order will be made by which it shall bo
considered as the unfinished business of this
day.
Mr. 'THURMAN. That will bring it up on
Monday ?
/The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes; at one
o'clock.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well.
ofieax tulegrapu carf.hs.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senate to ra-
sume the consideration of the House concur-
rent resolution in regard to ocean telegraphs.
I wish to get that off my hands in some way,
if possible.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope the Senate will not
proceed with the consideration of that resolu-
