1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1£15
which may occur by reason of death or resignation
in said board; and each commissioner shall have
authoiity to administer oaths and affirmations, and
to take the depositions ot witnesses in all matters
pertaining to.their duties. The said commissioners
shall meet and organize said board, and hold their
sessions at Washington. Two members of the board
shail constitute a quorum for the transaction of busi-
ness, and the agreement of two shall decide all ques-
tions in controversy. The said commissioners shall
have authority to make and publish rules for their
1>h eedure, not inconsistent with this act, and shall
pnblisli notice of their sessions. They shall keep a
journal of their proceedings, to be signed by the
piesidentof the board, and a register of all claims
brought before the board, showing the date of pres-
entation, number, name, and residence of claim-
ant, subject-matter, and amount of claim, and the
amount, if any, allowed; which records shall be
oi-on to theinspection of the President andAttorney
(icncral of the United States, or of such officer as the
President may designate.
8i.e. And be it further enacted, That said com-
unvionerp shall make report of their proceedings,
and ot each claim considered by them, at the com-
mencement of each session of Congress, to the
S;>e liter ot the House of Representatives, who shall
l,,y the same betore Congress for consideration; and
all claims within this act and not presented to said
hoaui shall be barred, and shall not be entertained
by any Department of the Government without fur-
ther authority of Congress.
Sec. —. A.ad be it further enacted, That the com-
missioners ot claims shall be paid, quarterly under
tins act, at the rate of $5,000 per annum each, and
they shall have authority to appoint one clerk and
one short-hand reporter, to be paid quarterly at the
rate of $2,500 per annum each, and one messenger, to
bo paid at the rate of $1,200 per annum, who shall
perlorm the services required of them respectively;
.aid said board shall be farther allowed the neces-
sary actual expenses of office rent, furniture, fuel,
stationery, and printing, to becertified by the presi-
dent of the board, and to be audited on vouchers,
and paid as other judicial expenses are.
Skc. —. And be it further enacted, Thata sufficient
appropriation to carry this act into effect is hereby
ia.:de out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise a ppropriated.
And that tiic Senate agree to said amendment as
amended.
O. J. DICKEY,
JAMES B. BECK,
JOEIN A. LOGAN,
Managers on the part of the House.
C. COLE,
JOHN JI. THAYER,
FRANK P. BLAIR,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The question is upon
a reeing to the report; and the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. DiCKEY. I will yield to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wood] for an
inquiry.
Mr. WOOD. Does this come in under a
motion to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. It does not; it comes in
under the highest privilege known to either
House. It is a conference report.
Mr. WOOD. I ask, then, whether, as it
proposes an appropriation of money, it does
not, in the absence of any motion to suspend
the rules, go to the Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. It does not. A confer-
ence report, as the gentleman knows, is privi-
leged in the highest degree. The question is
on accepting or rejecting the report. The only
motion that can be entertained is to lay the
report on the table. It cannot be amended,
but must be accepted or rejected as a whole.
Mr. WOOD. Then I call the attention of
the House to the fact that this 
Mr. DICKEY. Can the gentleman from
New York debate this matter while I am on
the floor?
The SPEAKER. Not unless the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] yields.
Mr. DICKEY. 1 merely yielded for a ques-
tion.
Mr. WOOD. Permit me to say that this
report presents a novel question which has no
business whatever in an Army appropriation
biH.
Mr. DICKEY. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
89, noes 33.
So the previous question was seconded,
The main question was ordered,
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
adoption of the report of the committee of
conference.
Mr. BECK. I understood that the gentle-
man in charge of the bill, before it was passed
upon, would give us a chance to explain our
votes.
Mr. DICKEY. If they desire to do so;
certainly. I will yield first to the gentleman
from Illinois, and then to the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. To what extent
is the debate limited?
The SPEAKER. The hour rule applies
the same as to anything else.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, all I desire
to say in accordance with the agreement, is
in reference to the suggestion of the gentle-
man from New York. I was opposed to put-
ting on new matter in a conference committee.
Mr. DICKEY. We all were.
Mr. LOGAN. That is true in reference
to the committee of conference. The Senate
•tacked upon the military appropriation bill a
provision authorizing the settlement of claims
before the quartermaster's and the commissary
departments the same as heretofore provided
in reference to Tennessee. They insisted on
that proposition. We propose, in lieu of that,
the proposition passed by the House yesterday
on the report of the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Claims, [Mr. Washburn, of Massachu-
setts,] with a few slight modifications. Instead
of allowing this commission of three persons
to travel over the different States, we locate
them in the city of Washington. There are
one or two other slight amendments made in
the House bill, not changing, however, any
principle involved. It allows all persons in
those States to present testimony before the
commission, and the commission then reports
its conclusions to the Congress of the United
States, as to whether appropriations shall be
made or not to pay the claims which may be
presented.
Mr. KERR. I wish to make an inquiry of
the gentleman from Illinois as to that evi-
dence. I desire to know whether it is.to be
perpetuated or not in the cases filed,- or is to
be cast aside after the conclusions-have been
reached?
Mr. DICKEY. The evidence is referred to
Congress every year.
Mr. LOGAN. The intention is every year
that it should be reported to Congress.
Mr. DICKEY. It is required to be re-
ported to Congress every year.
Mr. LOGAN. The commission would be
of no value to Congress, unless Congress had
the testimony laid before it, because it is to be
the judge when the commission reports upon
these claims. This provides for the perpetua-
tion of this testimony as much as any testi-
mony is perpetuated. It is reported to Con-
gress.
Mr. LAWRENCE. To what class of claims
will the jurisdiction of this commission extend ?
Mr. LOGAN. To claims for quartermas-
ter's and commissary supplies and for steam-
boats taken possession of by the Government
and lost in the employment of the Govern-
ment or in the Government service. Its juris-
diction extends to all these claims.
Mr. DICKEY. The same bill passed the
House yesterday.
Mr. LOGAN. That is all there is of this
proposition reported by this committee of con-
ference.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Allow me to inquire of
the gentleman from Illinois whether the com-
mittee who had this in charge lias any data
upon which it can base an opinion as to the
probable amount of expenditure this will in-
volve.
Mr. LOGAN. I can certainly answer that
we did not have any data on that subject. I
did not intend to get into any discussion. I
will state my understanding of it. We pro-
vide for persons in the rebellious States to
present claims before this commission.. Such
was the reason given in the committee when
we discussed it. Persons in what are called
loyal States have now a right to go before a
court, or to have their claims adjudicated in
the Departments because for the contracts
made by them with the Government they re-
ceived vouchers, and on these vouchers are
made. It is different with the States which
were in rebellion where property was taken
without giving any receipts or anything of that
kind. Inasmuch as they are excluded from
the courts and from the quartermaster's and
commissary departments, we have thought it
better in this proposition that the quartermas-
ters and commissaries should not be made
judicial officers of the Government, to judge
of the validity of claims and as to the loyalty
of claimants ; .but that these questions should
be passed upon by persons having some judi-
cial authority. Therefore we thought better
of the proposition which this House passed
yesterday than of' the one passed by the Sen-
ate and desired to substitute it for the prop-
osition of the Senate. The Senate committee
agreed with us, and we have made the report
unanimously. •
Mr. VAN TRUMP. May I ask the gentle-
man a question ?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I would ask the gentle-
man why this expensive court is created when
this whole matter of claims might have been
remitted to the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims?
Mr. LOGAN. If I were to ask the gentle-
man why Adam was not made a woman I sup-
pose that he would say that he did not know
why. But I shall say to the gentleman that
this bill passed the House yesterday by an
almost unanimous vote, and that as a commit-
tee of conference we took that as the instruc-
tion of the House to us as to what kind of a
proposition the House wanted. That is all
there is of it.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I beg to say to the
gentleman from Illinois that I am quite dull
enough not to see his wit in regard to Adam
and Eve.
Mr. LOGAN. It is not my fault that the
gentleman does not see it. But I will sa.y to
the gentleman that I am not in the habit of
indulging in wit, and was not attempting wit.
I thought it strange, however, that the gentle-
man should have asked the question he did
when he himself, I presume, voted for this bill
yesterday. I do not know whether he did so
or not.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I did not. _
Mr. LOGAN. Did you vote against it?
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I think so.
conference committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Juki)] having declined to serve on
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill to abol-
ish the office of Admiral and Vice Admiral in
the Navy, the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Ferry] will act in his stead.
army appropriation bill.*
Mr. COBDRN. I desire to ask a question
in regard to the effect of this bill attached to
the Army appropriation bill. Will it apply to
cases of damage?
Mr. DICKEY. Not at all.
Mr. LOGAN. It will apply only to cases
of quartermaster and commissary stores taken
from loyal men. I desire also to add this state-
ment: that this bill does not appropriate & dol-
lar and does not profess to do it. It is left
for Congress to act hereafter in reference to
the money which may be required as it may
see fit.
Mr. DICKEY. I now yield five minutes to
my colleague on the committee of conference,
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
