1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1303
am, and poor as I always shall be. I would
turn upon my heel from the Treasury Depart-
ment and from the Halls of Congress before
I would ever ask them to pay me one mil!.
The rigid rules that surround your Depart-
ments, and the worse rules that apply here,
would admonish me that under no state of cir-
cumstances should I seek what I might know
was as justly due to me as the most righteous
thing that could exist on earth.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How long ago is it since
that act was passed in your case ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Never. I at one period of
time found myself indebted to this Government
in, .1 think, the sum of about twenty-three
hundred dollars 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nineteen hundred dollars.
Mr. HAMLIN. I thought it was a little
more than two thousand dollars. It was a
very large sum for me to handle. I found on
looking at the books of the Treasury that the
money was charged to me, but on looking at
another page I found that the Government
had credited me with that precise sum, so
that we stood just equally balauced. But in
the circumlocution office that there existed
they said I must come to Congress and ask
them to appropriate to me SI,900—I still think
it was $2,300, but no matter about the sum—
that I might put it in my pocket and go up
and pay them, and then they would balance
the account, and they would pay it to me
with one hand and I would pay it back to them
with the other. I told them I would do no
such thing; but they prepared papers at the
Department and sent them here; and those
papers, so clear and so palpably right, pre-
senting a case which asked for the payment
of no money and required the payment of no
money, but only giving the Government power
to balance their books in fact, as they were in
truth in the presentation 
Mr. EDMUNDS. You had no trouble in
getting it through.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, I had no trouble in
getting that through, because there was noth-
ing in it. If there had been $1,000 due me,
and the books at the Department did not show
the $1,900 there were credited to me, I tell the
Senator, as truly as I stand here, I never would
have asked this body to give me that $1,900.
It would have annoyed me more than $19,000
would have been worth.
Mr. STEWART. It would have taken you
five years to get it through.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir; it would have
taken me more years than I should live, if I
lived to be a very old man. So much by way
of preface.
I say that sections now offered to this bill as
an amendment are obnoxious, first, because
they are ingrafting a system of legislation on
an appropriation bill that does not belong
here, and which by the very rules creating that
committee it was provided in terms should not
come here. A Committee on Appropriations
. was created for the purpose of giving us
nakedappropriation bills, and aotputtinglegis-
lation upon them; and now here comes in
another committee and proposes an amend-
ment of three several sections, I think, upon
about as many subjects. That is the first objec
tion.
The second one is because it is obnoxious
to the very charge I have made. I know the
troubles around the Treasury Department and
this Hall practically in cases where I have
sought relief for others, where I believed justly
and equitably and righteously that the money
was due to them, aud in some cases I knew
that the evidence was at the Departments, and
yet they withheld it. I know this case; I know
that an account is presented; vouchers to sup-
port that account are presented; affidavits,
where vouchers are not had, are presented;
the account is examined; certain items are
allowed ; and certain other items are disal-
lowed, because they say there is this deficiency
in ♦vla«ne8«-cvidtstice that at that time could
not be had, and the account is closed. Now,
sir, you shut out that man from what may be
justly due him, from what would be decided
as due him from the Department if you would
allow him subsequently merely to produce
that evidence which the Department itself
would say is all that is required to entitle the
claimant to all that he asks.
But my friend from Vermont says that this
varies and differs from an individual transac-
tion in this, that the public officers are only
the trustees of the public money. I grant it;
but by what equity of law or ethics will the
Senator say that the trustee of the people's
money shall be prevented from doing that
which is right with that money, from paying
claims which are justly due? I can see none;
aud I can therefore see no difference, so far as
the legitimate duties of the Treasurer or any
of the public officers are concerned, between
their duties and the duties of individuals. If
they are authorized to make mistakes, they
should, in equity and in justice, be authorized
to correct those mistakes.
Now, sir, I think the whole section is wrong,
and ought not to be in this bill. You may
tell me, if you please, that a public agent may
make an error; he may make a mistake, and
so may an individual. If you have got a cor-
rupt man there put him out and put an honest
man in his place; but if you have got the
proper honest agent there who should be there
he should certainly have full and plenary
powera to correct mistakes with all creditors
of the Government, when those mistakes are
made palpable, without driving the creditor to
this Hall and to the other end of the Capitol
to ask for a law that the Government may be
permitted to pay him the money that the Gov-
ernment owes him.
Your amendment says in spirit and in sub-
stance that your books in the Departments
shall admit that you owe a claimant, but the
claim has been closed and you must go to
Congress and get an act through both branches,
which may in some cases be in the life of a
man, and in other eases it may run down to
his children's children before he will get that
bill through that the Government may pay
what their own books show is due to the claim-
ant. I wash my hands of all such legislation,
and I sincerely hope that no such amendment
will be incorporated upon an appropriation
bill, and secondly, that no such measure will
pass this body either upon an appropriation
bill or off of it.
Mr. COLE. I hope this substitute will be
voted down ; aud I will say that so far as
some of the members of the Committee ou
Appropriations are concerned they were not
in favor of the amendment reported from the
committee. For myself, I should be entirely
willing to see that amendmeut voted down. I
thiuk the proper place for it is not on the
appropriation bill.
Mr. WARNER. In the first place, this
amendment is intended and does really only
relate to the accounts that have been com-
pletely adjusted and settled. It does not apply
to the case of any unsettled or open account.
The words "and settled" might properly be
inserted after the word " adjusted," to make
that meauing entirely clear. But this section
is intended to remedy a great public evil which
every Senator must recognize, and that is this:
wheu claims have been once presented and
settled they are not likely to be again pre-
sented while the officer who settled them is in
office; but when ha goes out and a new mau
comes iu all these claimants return upon the
Treasury for a reexamination, a readjustment,
and a resettlement of their accounts. If Mr.
Boutwell settles a claim to-day and he goes
out of office to-morrow the claimants all Save
a hope that with a new Secretary of the Treas-
ury they will secure a different result. Mr,
Delano as Commissioner of Internal Revenue
adjusted a large number of cages and a great
amount of claims. They were examined fully
and carefully, all the evidence was presented.
Mr. Delano has gone out of that office and a
new Commissioner has come in, and these
claimants all return upon General Pleasonton
asking him to reopen all these cases and to
reexamine them, urging all kinds of reasons.
This amendment is simply intended to pre-
vent that; to provide that when a claim has
been once fairly presented, all the proof ad-
duced, and the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury have examined and passed upon it, that
decision, like the decision of a court between
individuals, shall be iinal in the case; that it
shall not be opened again. I can see no great
hardship but a great good to the public service
in it. The time of the officers of the Gov-
ernment should not be taken up again and
again by the persistence of claimants who
have once had their claims fully examined,
who simply avail themselves of the hope that
a new officer coming into office may reverse
the former decision.
Mr. HILL. I should like to ask the Senator
from Alabama a question, with his permission.
If we adopt this rule of closing ail accounts
adjusted heretofore in the Treasury, but allow-
ing the parties to come to Congress, Would it
not afflict the legislative bodies with a great
deal of new matter iu the shape of bills for
the purpose of reopening accounts ? There
is no exclusion of that in the amendment. It
would only be transferring to Senators and
Representatives the trouble about these cases
that is now upon the Departments. I think
that would be the result. If anybody is to be
troubled with these claims I would rather it
should be the Departments than Congress.
Mr. WARNER. I do not think that would
be a trouble. 1 do not think claimants would
come to Congress except in some very clear
case of hardship like that stated by the Sen-
ator from Maine. I think the effect would be
that after these claims were once examined
and the accounts adjusted and settled there
would be an end of them, and there would be
very few cases indeed of hardship, while the
time of the public officers would be relieved
from occupation in a great deal of useless
work.
Mr. HILL. Let me ask the Senator one
other question. Is it not more likely that they
would come to Congress instead of going to
the Departments, the head of which would be
disinclined to reopen their accounts after a
decision had been made by his predecessors?
I think they would be more likely to come
to Congress in that case than to go back to
the Departments. It would be trying a new-
theater.
Mr. WARNER. The Committee on Finance
thought, and the Secretary of the Treasury
thinks, and all the officers of the Government
concur in thinking, that the public service will
be greatly promoted and benefited by some
act of this kind. Before the question is taken
on this amendment, I propose to amend it by
inserting after the word "adjusted," in lino
four, the words and settled." It has been
suggested to me that the word "adjusted"
might have a meaning in the Treasury Depart-
ment a little less than the word "settled."
Upon consultation with one of the Comptrol-
lers this morning I determined to move this
amendment, to insert the words '■ and settled."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
amendment is an amendment to an amend-
ment, and it is not amendable except by unan-
imous consent, but the Senator from Ohio can
modify his amendment in that way.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection*
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio accepts that modification, ayd it will
therefore be incorporated in the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. WARNER. Then I suggest further,
to meet the objection of the Senator from New
York, to insert after the word " that," in the
eleventh line, the words " the limitation of six
jeara in." It is clear that tlia proviso only
