1304.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
intended to relate to the limitation. I suggest
that those worda be inserted; I suppose there
is no objection.
The "VICE -PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio accept that modification ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; let the words
11 the limitation of'' be inserted after the word
" that."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment will be so modified.
Mr. FOWLER. I shall be compelled to
change my opinion in regard to the position I
assumed last night with regard to standing up
for the Committee on Appropriations with
their bills. If the Committee on Appropria-
tions submit to this kind of legislation on
appropriation bills they do not deserve to
have Senators stand up for them. Those
who have business to transact before the Sen-
ate under these circumstances ought not to
stand up for the Committee on Appropriations
if they permit this kind of legislation to be
transacted here. Here is a measure that pro-
poses to place the citizen in a worse condition
than he is at the present time. As has been
said on the floor here to-day if I had a claim,
I do not care how righteous it was, before the
Government at the present time, I should not
under any circumstances submit myself to the
humiliation of collecting it. It is hedged
around by every possible inconvenience, and
the citizen who collects his claim at all has to
humiliate himself in the dust before he gets it.
Here is a proposition, although mistakes may
be made, and mistakes will necessarily be made,
and are constantly being made by account-
ing officers, that prevents the citizen from
having a case reopened except by coming to
Congress and imploring legislation week after
week and month after month and year after
year before he gets it through both Houses. I
intend to vote against this amendment, so far
as I am concerned, and I hope the Senate will
vote it down ; but I wish the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations would stand up
and insist upon keeping such legislation as this
from the bill, and not keep us here ding-dong-
ing over these bills in this kind of style.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it is
an old saying, that confession is good for the
soul. I have been delighted with what is
transpiring here. Senators have been engaged
in a very good task, and this is a very good
love-feast. I have heard a former Vice Pres-
ident of the United States, for whom person-
ally I have very high regard, and I have heard
other members of the Senate, confess how diffi-
cult it is for an honest man to get an honest
claim through Congress and through the De-
partments. I have heard none of them com-
plain how difficult it was to get a dishonest
elai(n through. The whole complaint made
throughout this debate is that if a man has
an honest claim of §1,000, $2,000, $3,000, or
$5,000, it would be better for him to give it
away than come to this Administration and to
the Executive Departments of this Govern-
ment to obtain relief. But if, on the other
hand, there is a dishonest claim, I suppose
there is no difficulty about it. I do not intend
to detain the Senate, but these things are de-
lightful to me. I have known all along that
your party was guilty of these things, but when
you get up and confess them in this love-least
I am sure it will do good; the American peo-
ple will open their eyes, and the country will
settle the matter in the right way at the proper
time.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President, I think
the whole of the first section of the amend-
ment had better be omitted; but there is one
portion «f it to which I wish to call attention,
beginning in the sixth line:
Nor shall the accounting officers of the Treasury
act upon any account or claim which shall not liavo
been presented within six years from the date at
wlnoli it originated.
As has been remarked by the Senator from
New York, that is a statute of limitations, I
think it has been the habit in this country, in
all the State Legislatures, and probably in
Congress, when we attempt to pass a statute
of limitations, to give those persons who have
claitns under the law as it stands, and who
would be cut off by the new statute, a short
period of time within which to present their
claims or bring their suits. But here is a
declaration in this section that where an
account has stood for six years it shall not be
presented at all. Is that just? Is that fair to
creditors who have been relying upon existing
law and existing usage? They may not have
been able to collect their testimony; some-
thing may have prevented them from submit-
ting the proofs necessary to present their
claims; six years may have elapsed, as is fre-
quently the case in regard to those claims;
and here we propose by a solemn act of Con-
gress to say that if six years have elapsed
they shall not present their claims at all..
Now, sir, this is unusual legislation. You
may look into the statutes of any State in this
Union, Iapprehend, andyou will find that when
they a'dopt a new statute of limitations to cut
off claims they always give six months or a year
to present claims as they stand at the time. I
propose, therefore, to insert after the word
"now," in the sixth line, the words "after
six months from the passage of this act,"
which will give claimants whose claims are
now in existence and have been for six years
a little while to prepare them and to present
them to the Departments. It will do nobody
any injustice; certainly it will not do any
injustice to the Government. If they are
improperly presented of course they will be
rejected. But to cut them off without a mo-
ment's notice, it seems to me, would be doing
great injustice. I move that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from West Virginia that
this being an amendment to an amendment,
it cannot be amended by the rules of parlia-
mentary law. If it should be agreed to, the
Senator can then move to add at the end of
the section, "provided further, that this sec-
tion shall not take effect until" such a time.
The text cannot be changed if it be agreed
to, but it can be added to.
Mr. BOREMAN. If the amendment I sug-
gest is to be adopted at all, it should be in-
serted at the point I have named. I do not
care about adding to the section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
qualify it so that it shall take effect at a cer-
tain time; but now the amendment to the
amendment is not amendable.
Mr. BOREMAN. Then if the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio should be adopted
it will not be amendable at all except by add-
ing at the end of the section ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The part agreed
to cannot be stricken out, but it can be amend-
ed by adding to the end.
Mr. BOREMAN. The difficulty would be
that I want my amendment to apply to that
particular clause; but I shall have to run the
risk of that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless the Sen-
ator from Ohio accepts the amendment sug-
gested that is the only way in which the prop-
osition can be further amended.
Mr. BOREMAN. I think the suggestion I
make is reasonable.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say a few words,
and it is probable the Senate will see the rea-
son of the complication in which we seem to
have involved ourselves. Perhaps it is just
as well to illustrate a bad practice by an appli-
cation of it to a case in hand. If this appro-
priation bill had been reported in accordance
with the rules of the Senate I should not have
offered this amendment. The identical prop-
osition contained in the fourth section of the
printed bill as it comes from the Committee on
Appropriations was before the Committee on !
Finance. The Committee on Finance thought j
it went far beyond aii reasonable limits, and !
we tried to pare it down, and we thought in
doing so we would attach to it one or two other
matters relating to the same general subject.
But the truth is, the Committee on Appro-
priations have no right, according to the rules
of the Senate, themselves to report appropri-
ations changing existing laws. The rule which
authorizes and organizes the Committee on
Appropriations was intended to confine them
just as strictly to the law, and to report to us
such sums of money as were necessary to carry
into execution existing laws, and to prevent
their legislating upon an appropriation bill,
as it was to prevent other committees from
offering amendments to appropriation bills
proposing new legislation. Therefore, if
any amendment is proposed by any commit-
tee of this body, including the Committee on
Appropriations, changing existing laws, in-
creasing the appropriations, they are bound to
give notice of them to the Senate. The rule
which requires notice of amendments to be
given and that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations applies to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations itself, because there
is no rule and no parliamentary practice that
will allow the Committee on Appropriations to
report anything to us except simply such sums
of money as are required to carry into effect
existing laws; and yet there are in this bill
many cases where, simply by the increase of
appropriation, they change the salaries of
public officers.
It was proposed by the House of Represent-
atives to raise the salary of the Chief Justice
of the United States by a simple enlargement
of the appropriation, without any change of
the law regulating his salary, and so of clerks
and various employes of the Government.
This is not according to the practice and the
rules. I have been one of those who, with my
friend from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] have always
insisted that the appropriation bills should be
confined strictly to the execution of existing
law, and, if I had my way, I would not allow a
law to be varied one hair's breadth by an appro-
priation bill. I never proposed an amend-
ment to an appropriation bill changing the
law, except where such an amendment was
already there.
Now what is this case ? Here is an amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Appro-
priations. What is it? It prevents any em-
ploy6 of any Department of the Government
who has ever been employed by the head of a
Department, for three years thereafter, from
prosecuting any claim against the United
States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In that Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it goes beyond
that. My friend from Vermont says the pecu-
liar phraseology of the section limits it to that
Department ; but my impression is that under
that section as it stands Mr. Cushing or Mr.
Corwine. and other lawyers here in this city,
who have been emploj'ed to try a single cause
on behalf of the Secretary of the Treasury
could be excluded from practicing certainly in
that Department of the Government in any
case against the Government for three years.
It was certainly not the intention of Congress
to do that. I confess that there is some ambi-
guity about this matter. This very section was
submitted in another bill from the House of
Representatives to the Committee on Finance,
and we revised it, wrote to the Secretary of
Treasury upon it, and ho recommended that
this prohibition should be applied solely to
officers and clerks in the Departments here
and that they should be only prohibited from
prosecuting claims in the Department in which
they had been employed for three years there-
after. I have the letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury before me.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question at this point?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask him
if it has not been quite a common occurrence,
