1916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 3,
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, the only reason
I insisted on being heard for a few moments
is that I signed this report with great reluc-
tance, and only because I knew that the Army
bill had to be passed in some form before we
can adjourn ; and it was beyond the power of
the conferees on the part of the House to
strike out the legislation which the Senate has
inserted into it and seemed determined to
adhere to. I therefore desire to call attention
to the prominent items of new legislation, and
the House can do what it thinks best with it.
When the Army bill left the House it contained
no legislation, nothing beyond provisions for
the ordinary expenses of the Army; so that
the House is not responsible for the extra-
neous matter now in it.
1 oppose, and have always opposed, new
legislation in appropriation bills; but the
Senate saw fit to insert it, and all we could
do in committee was to make their legislation
as little objectionable as possible. As to the
section relating to southern claims, the Senate
liad added a section allowing the Quarter-
master and Commissary General and their
subordinates to decide all claims in all the
southern States for commissary and quarter-
master stores, to determine the questions of
loyalty, to hear the cases on all sorts of affi-
davits and suggestions in private ; which is the
effect of extending the act of July 4, 1864, as
provided in the Senate amendment.
If I could, I would repeal that act of July 4,
18G4, and allow all men everywhere to present
their claims in court, regardless of locality or
political opinion; but as neither House would,
as I well know, after what has occurred, repeal
that act now, the only thing that remained was
to substitute the proposition to appoint com-
missioners, as is done in the report for the San-
ate proposition, so that the proof at least could
be perpetuated and open to inspection,if nothing
more. The present proposition is the same, with
some good modifications, as that which passed
this House with so much unanimity yesterday,
when presented by the Committee of Claims,
and indorsed, as I understood, by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Washbxjrn] and
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,]
as the best they could suggest after mature
deliberation, it is certainly better to have
evidence properly taken, than to allow quar-
termasters and commissaries to act as judges
on questions of such grave importance as
must arise hereafter in this class of cases.
Mr. DICKEY. Let us have a vote on the
report.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky whether this bill does
not provide for the jieipetuation of that kind
of testimony which is authorized to be taken
by a committee of the Senate, to continue the
malignant feeling that exists between the North
and the South and to continue the war?
Mr. BECK. Oh, no, sir; it has no connec-
tion with that whatever. It simply applies
to claims for quartermaster's and commissary
stores appropriated by the Army of the United
States, and it is limited to that.
Another very serious and objectionable piece
of legislation which the Senate has inserted
into this bill is that which decides that, under
the fifth section of the act of 18C4, the United
States has only the right to retain one half of
the compensation for services rendered for the
Government by the Union and Central Pacific
railroads, although these roads have failed to
meet the interest oh the bonds issued to them
by the Government. Still, as the Senate had
done it, and its conferees were determined to
adhere to it, and as the report of the Judiciary
Committee of the Senate seemed to compel
them to adhere, I did not see, in the face of
that report, what we could do under the law
except to sign the report as we have and sub-
mit the bill with the Senate amendments to
the House for its action. I have no time
to explain these matters in the five minutes
allowed me, and the House must do what they
please with the report.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the amendments
of the Senate be read.
Mr. DICKEY. Let us have a vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the amendments
made by the Senate may be read, with the
exception of the ones immediately under con-
sideration.
Mr. DICKEY. I will state to the gentle-
man from Indiana that except the two amend-
ments that have been read the other amend-
ments of the Senate have the effect to reduce
the appropriations $70,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to say that the
amendments of the Senate were not reported
to the House before the reference of the bill
to the committee of conference. I ask that
the amendments, with the exception of those
which have been read this evening, may now
be read. [Cries of "No!" " No!"]
Mr. WOOD. I raise a question of order on
this report, and I desire a ruling of the Chair,
whether it is competent for a committee of
conference between the two Houses to put in
the bill any other subject-matter except sub-
ject-matter that has been considered by one
of the two Houses in connection with the bill.
Mr. DICKEY. This committee of confer-
ence have not done so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair apprehends
that the gentleman's point of order relates to
the amendment in regard to a commission for
the investigation of southern claims. Is that
the point of order?
Mr. WOOD. The point of order that I de-
sire to make is this: that it is not competent
for a committee of conference between the
two Houses to take in any new matter; that
their action must be confined to subjects that
have been considered by either House.
Mr. DICKEY. We never have done so.
Mr. RECK. The fact is that we did not
consider anything that had not been put in the
bill by the Senate.
The SPEAKER. If the facts were as the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] sup-
poses, the point of order would be very clear;
hut the Senate inserted a provision in this ap-
jMfopriation bill oil this subject, and the pro-
vision reported by the conference committee
is a germane modification of that provision,
and,-therefore, it comes strictly within the
purview and power of the committee of con-
ference. If it were entirely new matter, the
Chair would have no hesitation in ruling it out.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the Chair if the Senate
did include in their amendments to an Army
appropriation bill a proposition to appoint
three commissioners to audit and determine
claims?
The SPEAKER. The amendments of the
Senate include a proposition in reference to the
recognition and payment of southern claims,
and of course any modification of that amend-
ment as to the manner of ascertaining and pay-
ing those claims is entirely in order. That the
Chair understands to have been the extent of
the action of the committee of conference.
Mr. BECK. The Senate had referred the
matter to the Quartermaster General and the
Commissary General. We substitute for that
a commission.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that it is
entirely in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. The amendments of the
Senate have never been read to the House,
and I ask that they be now reported.
Mr. DICKEY. I will state again to the
gentleman that the effect of the amendments of
the Senate, so far as relates to the appropria-
tions, is to reduce the appropriations §70,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let us have them read.
Mr. DICKEY. I ask for a vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. The Senate amendments
have never been reported to the House. I ask
that they be now read, except the one relating
to southern claims.
Mr. DICKEY. I insist upon a vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. The House has a right to
know what are the Senate amendments upon
which they are called to act.
The SPEAKER. The House by seconding
the previous question and ordering the main
question to be now put, have indicated their
desire to vote upon the question of agreeing
to the report of the committee of conference.
The report was then agreed to.
Mr. DICKEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPKOPBIATION BILL.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to submit a report
from a committee of conference.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I ask
the gentleman to yield to me for a moment.
I am instructed by the Committee of Claims
to report a Senate bill, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the gentleman from California [Mr.
Sakgext] must submit his report from a com-
mittee of conference or yield the floor.
Mr. SARGENT. I submit the report from
a committee of conference which I send to
the Clerk's desk.
The report was read as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill of the House, No. 2524 making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,1872,
having met. after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows :
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 3, 4, 8.11, 28, 29, 59, 60, 61, 63, 64, 91, 92, St,
95, 96, 97, 98, 99,100, 101,102, 105,106, and 107.
That the House of Representatives recede fiom
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senn to
numbered 1, 2. 5, 6, 7, 9,10,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,
20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 21}, 25, 20, 27, 30, 3J, 32, 34, 35, 36, 37,
38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45. 45, 17, 48, 49, 50. 51, 52. 58,
65, 06, 67, 68, 6'J, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77. 78, 79, 80,
81, 82, 83, 81, 85, 86, 87, 88, and 104, and agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the thirty-third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
At the end of line eleven, page ]9, of the bill, add
the following: "Provided, That $10,000 are hereby
appropriated, to bo expended in the office of the
Treasurer of the United States, at the discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasury;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, and agree to strike out
linestwenty,twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three,
twenty-four, twenty-five, and twenty-six, on page
33 of the bill, and also strike out lines one and two
on page 34, of the bill, and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
Eor compensation of tho Secretary of the Interior,
Assistant Secretaiy, chief clerk, tour clerks of class
four, any of whom may be paid $200 extra, it the Sec-
retary of the Inerior deem it necessary and proper;
five clerks of class four, one ot whom may be desig-
nated by tho Secretary to act as superintendent of
tho building, who shall receive $200 additional com-
pensation per annum; additional to three disburs-
ing clerks, three clerks of class three, lour clerks of
class two, and one clerk of class one ; one messenger,
two assistant messengers, at $720 each, and three
laborers in his office; in all, $$47,540.
And the House agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-second araendmentpfthe-Senate, and a,gree
to the same, with the following amendment: on pngo
37, lines three and four of the bill strike out the fol-
lowing words: "printing and binding the same;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their eighty-ninth
and ninetieth amendments, a.nd agree to strike out
lines twenty-two and twenty-three, on page 53 of
the bill; and theilouse agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the ninety-third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendments:
In line eleven of said amendment, after the word
determine," insert the following words; "by tho
concurrent decision of tho Committees on Public
Buildings and Grounds of the Senate and House of
Keprosentatives;" and the Senate agree to the same.
■that the House recede from their disagreement lo
the one hundred and third amendment ot tho
Senate, and agree to the same with the following
amendment: strike out all alter the word "dollar*"'
in Jine eight of said amendment down to and in-
cluding the word "dollars" in lino fourteen, au<J
