478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
tion. It seems to me that my friend—he will
pardon me—really is taking up too much time
on this question.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have not taken up any
time myself.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says he has
not taken up time himself. He is taking time
by pressing the question. I have here a mem-
orandum of bills now reported and on the
Calendar relating to international telegraphs.
Of these there are three general bills—No.
115, No. 127, and No. G64—reported by the
Committee on Foreign Relations. Then there
are seven which may be called private bills.
The first is No. 352, relating to the Holland
cable.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What committee reports
that?
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee have not
■ reported on it.
Mr. SUMNER. No; the committee has not
reported that bill ; it is still before the com-
mittee. The second is No. 117, called the
Pacific Collins cable. That has been reported
from the Committee on Commerce. Then
comes Senate bill No. 857, being the Belgian
cable, reported by the Committee on Foreign
Relations. Then comes No. 978, the Bermuda
cable, reported by the same committee. Then
No. 113, the Belgian cable, reported from the
Post Office Committee. Then No. 1088, a Pa-
cific cable bill presented by the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Coxklixg,] and still pending
before a committee. My impression is that is
before the Committee on Commerce. Then
comes No. 958, being a Pacific cable asked by
Mr. Field, on which a report has been made
by the Committee on Foreign Relations.
There you have seven private bills and three
general bills, on which  
Mr. CONKLlISlG. There are several others.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There are some before
the Committee on Public Lands, asking for
land.
.Mr. SUMNER. I think there are none now
before that committee asking for land grants.
The Pacific cable petition asked for a land
grant, but that was abandoned.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator advise me
if he includes House bills as well as Senate
bills ?
itr. SUMNER. No; these are the Senate
bills. ^ Then, in the House we have a general
bill, No. 2595. Also No. 12(>:l, reported by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. Then No. 1787,
being a bill for a Florida cable, reported by
the same committee. Then No. 1859, a bill for
a Holland cable, which I believe is reported
by the same committee ; and No. 1741, being
a bill for a Pacific cable, reported by the same
committee. Now, I ask 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before thp Sen-
ator from Massachusetts proceeds with debate
on the subject, the Chair will be indulged m
stating that the resolution is not yet up ; the
question is on proceeding to its consideration,
which, by the rule, does not involve debate on
(he merits of the proposition.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 am obliged to the Chair ;
1 did not intend to trench upon Ihe rale.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did
not arrest the Senator, but presented it as a
matter of information, that debate on the prop-
osilion is not yet in order.
Mi. SUMNEii. I merely read this list as
a reason why we should not proceed with the
consideration of this resolution. I think that
the Senate had better not take it up again, at
least until the House have had an oppoitunitv
of considering the subject. I think that I am
justified in making that remark. I will not- go
any further.
Mr. BAYARD. Yesterday I submitted, in a
very imperfect manner, to the Senate my rea-
sons for desiring this resolution to be taken up
and passed. My object was a very plain one,
and then declared, to simplify action in regard
to this series of measures. I thought we were
in danger of having conflicting propositions of
law before the Senate, and that the whole sub-
ject of telegraphing (which should be regu-
lated by one general law) could be better
treated by being committed to a special com-
mittee, under the eircumstances of the case.
If it had been an original question I am dis-
posed to think that the Committee on Foreign
Relations would have been the proper com-
mittee to consider these subjects, inasmuch as
we can control but one end of these cables,
and it must be by means of international
comity that the proper arrangement for ihe
working of them can be reached.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, with
reluctance, states to the Senator from Dela-
ware, as he did to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, that debate on the merits of the ques-
tion is not in order.
Mr. BAYARD. My object in rising was
rather to make a personal explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrorn
Delaware desires to make a personal explan-
ation. The Chair hears no objection, and the
Senator will proceed.
Air. BAYARD. At this time I have received
information, partly by the public prints, which
induces me to prefer that we should not now
take action on this resolution. It is notin order
for me, I believe, to refer to the proceedings
of the other House of Congress ; therefore I do
not say anything further upon that head ; but
I have seen the communication, which yester-
day the Senate declined to allow the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts to have read upon
this floor, from members of Congress ; and,
without letting them speak ex officio on the
matter, they certainly were credible witnesses
as to the facts which they attested. Then, as
I have knowledge that it is intended that the
action of the other House on this subject shall
be reconsidered, and as it is also my personal
belief that the action of the other House was
reached, I will not say by any underhand
method, but certainly reached by an absence
of that calm deliberation, I may say that hon-
orable degree of deliberation, which is essen-
tial for the dignity of public business, I am not
willing to take up here and consider a resolu-
tion which has been slipped through the other
branch of Congress; ana while there is in my
mind a belief that a.majority of that House, or
even a very large minority of that body, desire
to reconsider a matter, 1 should be unwilling
to act upon it with haste here. Our measures
are public measures ; our measures are for
public utility, and they demand the very broad-
est good faith, in every respect, on the part of
each department of this Government in its
action toward the others. It is for that reason
that I, who on yesterday was willing to see-tbis
resolution adopted for the purpose of facil-
itating a great public interest and of bringing
this whole telegraphing matter before the Sen-
ate. do now desire that there should be more
deliberation, and that we should know more
affirmatively what the other House of Congress
desire on this subject.
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to say that, I
hope all these propositions for ocean telegraphs
will be referred either to the Committee on
Foreign Relations—so that we have one stand-
ing committee to take care of them—or to a
special committee raised for that purpose in
the Senate, and not have any joint committee.
As the matter stands now it is an effort, appa-
rently, how not to have any ocean telegraphs.
The bills are scattered about in the hands of
different committees, and nothing is done. I
want just as many telegraphs between here and
Europe as people want to make ; and so in the
whole country let us have free telegraphs every-
where. They are public necessities and ought
to be encouraged. Therefore I want some-
thing done, and I am not for referring some
of these bills to one committee aud some to
another, and having nothing at all done in the
matter. And, sir, I am against these joint
committees with the House. Let us have the
matter referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, or to a special committee of the
Senate raised for that purpose.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President—
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state that this debate seems to be on the merits
of the proposition, and the Chair dislikes to
remind Senators of the rule that prohibits it.
Mr. BAYAllD. Is it in order to move the
substitution of another resolution for this?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. The
concurrent resolution is not yet up.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to say buta word.
I do not know but that it may be inferred from
the remarks of the Senator from Delaware
that I am disposed to press this resolution
thinking to take some advantage of the action
of the House, as he has referred to that action.
Now, sir, 1 am not prompted by any such con-
sideration. On the other hand, I carefully read
the proceedings in the House in reference to
this resolution, and what the speakers said on
the subject. 1 have since conferred wilh other
members, and am satisfied that the action of
the House will not be reconsidered. But if it
be supposed that there is any disposition in
calling this resolution up at this time to antici-
pate any such action I am the last member of
this body who would propose any such thing :
and, in view of the suggestion of the Senator
from Delaware, I think it advisable to let the
matter rest for the present. I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. BAYARD. I merely rise to say that I
expected the cooperation of my honorable
friend from Oregon in this matter.
executive business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further morning business the Chair will regard
the hour of one o'clock as having arrived, and
the Calendar is before the Senate under ihe
objection rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senai-
proceed to the consideration of executive har-
ness.
The motion was agreed to.
| ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY,
j Mr. CHANDLER. Before the doors ar>-
j closed, I move that when the Senate adjourns
! to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
] entertain the motion if no objection be made.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr
STEAJisnrrs
KELLOGG
TO MEXICO.
I ask that the bill (S.
No. 083) authorizing mail steamship service
in the GulfofMexico, between the port ofNew
Orleans, Louisiana, and certain ports of the
republic of Mexico, be set down for consider-
tion on next Wednesday. It has been on the
\ Calendar since the last session, and the reso-
j lution to make it a special order is the fir,it
I resolution on the Calendar.
| The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Chair must
i say that this being a proposition for a special
order he will have to state it very distinctly to
the Senate in this interim. The Senator from
Louisiana asks that the bill (3. No. 683) au-
thorizing mail steamship service in the Gull'
of Mexico, between the port of New Orleans,
Louisiana, and certain ports of the republic
of Mexico, be made the special order for Wed-
nesday next. The Chair will remind Sen-
ators that by unanimous consent the Senate
have ordered that the bill (S. No. 29S) to i<
lteve members of Congress from importm,iii,.
&c., shall be taken up on Wednesday at on-
o'clock.
Mr. KELLOGG. Well, sir, I will then--- -
_ Mr. SHERMAN. We are in executive ses-
sion. and no such motion can be received.
The \ ICE PRESIDENT. The doors will
be closed under the order of the Senate,
