1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
message from the house.
A message from the Ilouse of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
of the Senate without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 818) for the relief of the Ken-
tucky University; and
A bill (S. No. 980) for the relief of Joseph
S. Finch & Co., of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania.
enrolled bills signed.
*
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.
R. No. 2616) making an additional appropria-
tion for the improvement of the Louisville and
Portland canal for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1871, and for other purposes; and it was
thereupon signed by the Vice President.
executive session.
The doors were closed at one o'clock; and
after three hours and forty minutes spent in
executive session the doors were reopened.
presidential approval
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace.Portek, his Secretary,
announced that the President had yesterday
approved and signed the joint resolution (8.
R. No. 262) authorizing the appointment of
commissioners in relation to the republic of
Dominica.
message from the 1iou3e.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the
following bills, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate:
A bill (FI. R. No. 1373) for the relief of Rev.
Benjamin F. Perky;
A bill (H. R. No. 2493) for the relief of
Henry A. Messenger, of Shelby county, Mis-
souri.
A bill (II. R. No. 2566) for the relief of
Henry Willman, late a private in the third
regiment of Indiana cavalry;
A bill (H. R. No. 2666) for the relief of
Henry Clay Williams, late a receiver of public
moneys at' Eau Claire, Wisconsin.
A bill (H. R. No. 2706) for the relief of
Charles Pomeroy, late receiver of public mon-
eys at Fort Dodge, Iowa ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2707) for the relief of
General John C. McQuiston and Jeremiah D.
Skeen, of Indiana.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President;
A bill (S. No. 818) for the relief of the Ken-
tucky University ; and
A bill (S. No. 980) for the relief of Joseph
R. Pinch & Co., of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania.
disorder in the south.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following message from the Pres-
ident of the United States ; which, on motion
of Mr. Morton, was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed:
To the Senate of the United Statea:
In reply to the resolution of the Senate of the 16t.li
of December, 1870, requesting to be furnished with
information relative to the organization of disloyal
persons in North Carolina, having in view resistance
of the United States laws, denial of protection, and
the enjoyment of the rights and libel-tie? secured
under the United States, &c., I transmit herewith
abstracts of reports and other papers on file in tho
War Department relative to outrages in J\orth Caro-
lina, and also, for the information of the Senate,
those relative to outrages in the other southern
States. The original reports and papers are too vol-
uminous to be copied in season to be used by tho
present Congress, butare easily accessible for refer-
ence, and copies of such papers can be furnished as
the Senate may deem necessary.
V. S. GRANT.
Executive Maxsion-, January 13,1871,
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, (at four
o'clock and forty-five minutes p. rn.,)the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 13, 1871.
The House metat twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. Q. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
adjournment over.
Mr. WOOD. I move that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr, DAWES. I hope not; I want to finish
these appropriation bills.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes 55, noes 63.
So the motion was disagreed to.
weather-gauges on tiie mississippi.
Mr. ROOTS. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table and put
upon it passage the joint resolution (S. R. No.
179) authorizing weather-gauges to be estab-
lished and observations to be made upon the
Mississippi river and its principal tributaries,
with a view to obtaining information required
for the protection of the alluvial lands against
overflow and for the improvement of naviga-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. 1 call for the regular order
of business.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. Then, the morning hour
now begins, at thirteen minutes past twelve
o'clock. This being Friday, reports of a pri-
vate nature are in order from committees dur-
ing the morning hour, and the call rests with
the Committee of Claims.
charles pomeroy.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported a bill (H.
R. No. 2706) for the relief of Charles Pome-
roy, late receiver of public moneys at Fort
Dodge, Iowa ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Charles
Pomeroy, late receiver of public moneys at
Fort Dodge, in the State of Iowa, the amount
found t.o be overpaid by and due to him in the
adjustment of his accounts as such receiver by
the accounting officers of the Treasury.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The report accompanying the bill was ordered
to be printed.
joseph s. pinch and company.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, reported back with-
out amendment, and with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (S. No. 980) for the
relief of Joseph S. Finch & Co., of Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
a third reading.
The bill was read. It is recited in the pre-
amble that forty-one thousand four hundred
and seventy-seven and eighty-two hundredths
proof gallons of distilled spirits, distilled by
Joseph S. Finch & Co., at their distillery in
Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, and stored
in their distillery warehouse near Pittsburg,
were, on the 14th day of May, 1869, destroyed ]
and wholly lost by the falling of said distillery j
warehouse, without any negligence or fault on
the part of said Joseph S. Finch & Co.; that
said spirits were subject to the tax and duty of
fifty cents per proof gallon, amounting to the
sum of $20,738 91, for which said JosephS.
Finch & Co. had given bonds, as required by
law, and that the above facts constitute equit-
able grounds for relief from the payment of
said taxes. The bill authorizes and directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to abate and remit
the taxes on said spirits so destroyed and lost,
and to credit the amount of the same on the
bonds of said Joseph S. Finch & Co. given to
secure the payment of the same.
Mr. ALLISON. Before that bill is read the
third time I would like to have some little
explanation of it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. This
case is precisely similar to two cases that were
reported from our committee and to one or
two cases that were reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means at the last session
of Congress. We then discussed the question
fully, and the House came to the conclusion,
I believe, that in all similar cases it was proper
that relief should be granted.
In this case the facts show that there was
stored in the_warehouse of these claimants a
certain quantity of whisky; that by the destruc-
tion of the warehouse a large portion of this
whisky was destroyed. The store-keeper, who
has the record of the entire amount contained
in the warehouse, certifies to the amount that
was actually in the store-house and.also to the
amount that was gathered up and saved out
of the wreck. The amount saved is deducted
from the total amount, and this bill provides
simply to relieve the parties from taxes upon
the amount that was actually destroyed. The
case went to the Internal Revenue Office for
relief. After a thorough examination by that
office, the solicitor recommended that relief
should be granted. The Secretary of the
Treasury having doubts as to his authority,
from the facts, to grant the relief asked, sent
it to the Attorney General, who upon a thor-
ough investigation of the facts decided that the
Secretary had no authority to relieve from tax, -
but that it was a proper case to come before
Congress. Accordingly the Secretary of the
Treasury and the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue referred the case to Congress with
the statement that in their opinion it was a
proper case for congressional action. There-
fore, acting upon that suggestion, and being
satisfied in regard to the amount that was
actually destroyed, we report this bill, and, in
conformity with the precedent established in
the previous cases I have cited, recommend
that these parties be relieved from paying
taxes on what was actually destroyed. This is
a Senate bill, and we recommend its passage
without amendment.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
henry a. messinger.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back, with the
recommendation that the same do pass, a bill
(H. R. No. 2493) for the relief of Henry A.
Messinger, of Shelby county, Missouri.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue a duplicate of
coupon bond No. 14033, for $1,000, issued
under the act of March 3, 1863, and payable
i iu 1881, to Henry A. Messinger, upon proof
satisfactory to the Secretary of the destruction
of the original, and upon the said Messinger
giving bond with sufficient surety to indemnify
the United States against any loss resulting
therefrom.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
j accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
I to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
i passed; and also moved that the motion to
I reconsider be laid on the table.
| The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that the report accompanying this bill
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
