1306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
maltreated or that their riglits have been un-
justly denied. Of course there are delays.
There are delays in the judicial department of
the Government. A man cannot, as society
is organized, get his just rights in the courts
sometimes for years. In that country from
which we draw our jurisprudence, Great Brit-
ain, it has come to be a by-word and a reproach,
almost, that a man may have ever so good a
cause in some of its courts, but it will take
him though his lifetime and through the life-
time of his immediate heirs to bring it to a
termination; and yet we all know that the
administration of English justice is as nearly
absolutely pure and upright as any in the
world.
These are the evils of society. Of course
everybody would be a great deal happier if we
did not have any government at all, provided
everybody would let everybody else alone and
attend to his own affairs ; but, unfortunately,
men are so constructed that they will not do
that. Therefore, we must take the evils we
have; and one of these evils, no doubt, is
the difficulty of claimants in getting just bills
through Congress with speed where they are
fairly entitled to have haste ; and it is just so
in the judicial department; it is just so evety-
where, and there seems to be no help for it.
To return, Mr. President, it is, I think, just
and right that in order to protect the Treasury
of the people, not our treasury, not your treas-
ury, not mine, but the Treasury of the great
body of the people whose agents we are, we
should impose limitations upon this right to
present claims and to have them opened and
readjusted. And while I am up I may say the
same as to the section about people being
employed as counsel and attorneys. No
man who has been in a Department, on
going out of it will have any practice to
any extent in that Department, except where
that practice is based upon the fact that
the people who have causes and claims there
know that from his having been in the depart-
ment he knows all the clerks; he knows where
the papers are, he knows where the rub is, so
to speak, and may have skill and diligence
and intelligence acquired from his being there
"which will enable him to push them forward
faster than anybody else. That knowledge,
if he has acquired it there, is a knowledge
that belongs to the Government and not to
him, as much as my kuowledge belongs to my
client who has employed me in his cause, and
not to myself. I have no right to sell it to
anybody else. I have no right to be employed
by anybody else. Therefore yQu do not do
any injustice to the gentlemen who have retired
from these Departments, in saying to them,
"You must not practice in these Departments
under these circumstances until time enough
shall have gone by to put you in an impartial
and independent condition."
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ Certainly.
Mr. HILL. I desire to ask llim for informa-
tion, and I wanthis judgment upon it, because
I suppose this point was considered among
others, what will be the effect of the proposed
amendment upon a class of claims of which
there are a great many in the formerly rebel-
lious States. I will take the claims for taking
the census of 18G0. A great, many persons
who were employed by the Government to
take the census of 1860 have not been paid
anything, many others fifty per cent, of what
was due for that service. The circumstances
have been such that in general they have made
no application to the Government up to this
time. Again, persons have claims on the Post
Office Department for carrying the mails up to
the last of May, 1801, when their operations
ceased. It sometimes turns out that a loyal
man had a mail contract under the Govern-
ment, or was serving it as an assistant marshal
in taking the census, and he has never been
paid for his service in either capacity; and
there is no provision of law that I know of for
either. What I wish to ask is, taking that
class of claims, how far does this statute of
limitations as to six years affect them?--
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not affect them
at all, I will answer my friend from Georgia.
The proviso expressly declares " that this act
shall not apply to any claim of loyal men
arising in States formerly in insurrection,
which by operation of law could not.be finally
settled and adjusted."
Mr. HILL. Then suppose the parties were
loyal at the time they performed the service,
but by circumstances, perhaps, became tech-
nically disloyal afterward, how does that affect
them ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It affects them very
unfavorably.
Mr. HILL. The greater number are of the
latter class.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Undoubtedly. The fact
is, if you adopt this section, that it puts a trai-
tor in a little worse light than a loyal man. I
do not know but that is wrong; people seem
to begin to think so. I do not know but that
the chief glory of mankind ten years hence will
be that a man has been engaged in rebellion
instead of having been employed in putting it
down. That is one of the inconveniences
which, owing to the present prejudices of
men—fading away pretty fast, to be sure—will
operate upon those claims.
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator allow me to
say that he does not discriminate more will-
ingly between the classes than I myself. I
understand the merits of the one and I think
I understand the demerits of the other. But
if we advert to precedent here, no longer ago
than the last session of this body it passed a
bill to pay disloyal persons whom the Gov-
ernment had employed after the close of the
rebellion in the capacity of assessors of inter-
nal revenue through the southern States for
the services they performed, notwithstanding
the fact they had been disloyal. Now, I can-
not myself very well see a distinction between
a case where the indebtedness occurred in 1860
and the man became disloyal afterward, the
Government confessedly being in debt to him
at the time he became disloyal, and the case
of a man who, having been disloyal, performed
service after 1865 and was paid for the per-
formance of that service. I think one class
about as meritorious as the other.
What does the Senator propose under this
amendment to do with the classes to whom I
have called attention? To say to the men who
performed services in 1860, who have received
nothing or only partial payment, either as car-
riers of the mail or as assistant marshals taking
the census: "you shall not be paid anything
though we did pay disloyal persons who were
engaged to perform the offices of assessors of
internal revenue in 1865." I do not know how
my friend from Vermont voted upon that bill
last year, whether for it or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do.
Mr. HILL. I know that I was of opinion
myself that the Government having accepted
the services of the citizen, no matter whom,
the laborer was worthy of his hire and ought
to be paid. That was my judgment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is great force in
that, and probably that is what induced the
Senate of the United States and the House of
Representatives and the President to provide
by law that if the Government chose to employ
a mau who had been a traitor to his country
to do a piece of work, he ought to be paid for
it, man-fashion. That was the argument. I
did uot think so; I resisted it, and voted the
other way; but I was overruled. The dis-
tinction between that case and the one to
which the Senator from Georgia refers, of
officers of the United States-who were em-
ployed under an oath to stand by the United
States, and then went into rebellion and be-
trayed their trust and their country at one
step, is very wide, indeed. A maft may forfeit
some right that he has against the Govern-
ment by making war upon it, and it is a mere
question of grace and favor whether the Gov-
ernment will waive that forfeiture and put him
back into his original condition or not.
That is the case of the constituents of my
friend from Georgia, for whom he is now
speaking; but if after that has happened, and
after we have conquered a peace, we choose
to go to one of those people and say, " Now,
without lookixg back, if you will do a particu-
lar piece of work for us we will pay you for
it," that is quite a different thing. I yet be-
lieve that a man may forfeit some rights as a
citizen of the United States, the debt he lias
against his country, by making war upon it,
and that there is no obligation, moral or other-
wise, on the part of the Government to restore
to him that which he has voluntarily forfeited
by making war against his nation. That is
a totally different and distinct question from
the propriety of employing people who had
been rebels and traitors to do certain services
for the Government, after the war was over.
They are totally unlike I submit to my
friend ; and he is altogether too intelligent not
to see the distinction ; but whether there is a
distinction or not is not material to this pres-
ent purpose. All that this amendment pro-
poses to do is to leave the loyal men of the
southern State? (it not yet being absolutely
unfashionable to make that distinction) who
are deprived by the operations of the war laws
from filing their claims and getting them set-
tled just where they stand now, so that at
any future time they shall not be prejudiced
by this provision. But it does put the disloyal
men, postmasters, mail-carriers, and census-
takers, if they cannot already be provided for
under the act of 1868, as I am informed they
can, in the category of being obliged to come
to Congress instead of going to the Depart-
ments to get any debt that tnay have been due
to them when they went into the rebellion.
And is that asking too much, Mr. President,
of a man who has assisted to causc us all the
trouble, and difficulty, and expense, and woe,
and misery, and death that we have had? Is
it too much to ask such a man to come to the
representatives of the States and the people
for relief, instead of giving him and his com-
peers in a body a lawful right to dip their
hands in the Treasury without coming to us?
That is the only punishment that has been in-
flicted on rebels and traitors yet, and it is not
a very severe one.
Mr. HILL. The Senator seems to misap-
prehend my purpose. One of the great objec-
tions I have to this amendment, and one which
I meant to suggest, is that it will afflict Con-
gress with any number of claimants. I do not
want them here. I do not want Congress an-
noyed with them. I would rather they went
to the Departments under some rules, and that
a result was worked out there, than have them
come here. I do not want the thousand and
one applications of cases, varying in charac-
ter, in the applicants, and in the circumstances.
It seems to me that we should gladly escape
that annoyance; but I think the adoption of
this amendment will have the effect to bring
them here. That is my judgment about it.
How should I act as one of the representa-
tives of a people who went into the rebellion?
If they asked me to bring a claim here, if they
sent to me a respectful petition of that sort, it
would be a very ungracious thing to say that
I would not offer it. But if it was not my
business, if under your laws they could go to
the Treasury and seek to work it out there
through claim agents, that would be a very
different thing. It would be much more agree-
able to me, and I know it would be to the
Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would be much more
agreeable to the claimant, I have no doubt.
Mr. HILL. I do not know that That is
supposing that they will find very tender-
hearted offiqers in the Departments, I under-
