480.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
kentucky university.
Mr. WASHBURN', of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back, with a
recommendation that the same >do pass, a bill
(8. No. 818) for the relief of the Kentucky
University.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Treasurer of the United States to pay to the
treasurer of the Kentucky University the sum
of $25,000, in full compensation for all claim
which could be made by said university, or
by Transylvania University, to whose rights
it has succeeded, for the occupation of their
buildings at Lexington, Kentucky, as a general
hospital for United States soldiers, and for
all damages and injury caused to said build-
ings and the grounds adjacent, and to the
museums and personal property of said uni-
versity, provided that before said sum shall
be paid a release in full of all claims against
the Government of all rents and damages that
might or could be claimed by said Kentucky
University, or by Transylvania University,
shall be executed in due form by the proper
officers of said university and deposited with
the Treasurer along with the receipt for the
sum hereby appropriated.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
i'klbg cornell.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Claims to move that they be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition of Peleg Cornell for relief, and that
the same be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
joiin aiiearn.
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the Committee
of Claims, reported adversely upon the peti-
tion of John Ahearn, asking indemnity for loss
sustained by him in furnishing certain supplies
to the Army in the year 18G3 ; and moved that
the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
benjamin p. perky.
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the Committee
of Claims, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it pass, a bill (H. R. No. 137.3) for
the relief of Benjamin F. Perky.
The bill, which was read, recites in the pre-
amble that Rev. Benjamin F. Perky was on
the 19th of December, 18G3, duly commis-
sioned by the Governor of the State of Indi-
ana as chaplain of the one hundred and eight-
eenth regiment Indiana volunteers, and as such
discharged his duties until, by reason of ill-
health brought on by exposure in the line of
duty, on the 21st of December, 18G3, he be-
came partially deranged and was placed in the
hospital for the insane for treatment; that
owing to the continuous march of said troops
he was deprived of the opportunity to be mus-
tered into the service, and has never received
any compensation whatever from the Govern-
ment of the United States. The bill there-
fore provides for paying to Perky, for his
services as chaplain of the one hundred and
eighteenth regiment of Indiana volunteers,
ci200> in full compensation therefor.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time: and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
• by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The Utter motion was agreed to.
husky ltillmaif.
Mr. HOLMAN also reported back, from the
Committee of Claims, with a recommendation
that it pass, a bill (EL R. No. 256G) for the
relief of Henry Willman, late a private in the
third regiment of Indiana cavalry.
The bill, .which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Henry Willman,
late a private in the third regiment of Indiana
volunteer cavalry, S200, being the value of two
horses and their equipments owned by him and
lost in battle in Virginia during the late war.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; aud also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
isaac jt. woods.
Mr. HOLMAN also reported back, from the
Committee of Claims, a bill (Ii. R. No. 1655)
for the relief of Isaac N. Woods.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to pay to Isaac N. Woods $125, as
full compensation for one horse, taken by the
United States forces under command of Gen-
eral Hobson during tho Morgan raid through
the State of Ohio in 1803.
Mr. HOLMAN. The committee have in-
structed me to report this bill without any rec-
ommendation. I trust the House will perceive,
upon a very short statement of the circum-
stances, that perhaps this matter is entitled to
some consideration.
During tho time that Hobson was in pursuit
of Morgan through the States of Indiana and
Ohio many of the horses of the Federal troops
gave out, and the horses of the citizens were
impressed into the service. In this instance,
this claimant's horse was taken by the Federal
forces and a horse belonging to the Govern-
ment, with the United States brand upon it,
was left in its place. Afterward, according to
the universal practice, the horse that was left
with this citizen was reclaimed by the provost
marshal and sold and the proceeds appropri-
ated for the Government use. The question
here is whether, when aliorse was appropriated
for the public use, taken from a citizen by an
officer or soldier without giving any voucher,
taken in such a raid as that, in the haste of
military movements, we shall pay the citizen
the value of the horse taken for the public use?
I make this brief statement so that the Hou.se
may be well informed of the main facts in the
case. The proof shows that the horse was
worth S12o, and that the horse belonged to
the citizen setting up the claim, and in whose
favor this bill has been drawn ; that the horse
was appropriated for the public use—whether
or not it was taken by an officer does not
appear ; but that it was taken by an officer or
soldier and mounted in the pursuit of Morgan
when he made his raid. The proof is indefi-
nite, as 1 have said, as to who took the horse,
but the fact is indisputable that the horse was
taken from this citizen aud appropriated for
the public use. Under the circumstances shall
we pay for the horse ?
Mr. MeCORMICK, of Missouri. What forces
took the horse ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Hobson's forces.
Mr. GR1SWOLD. Not Morgan's forces?
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir; but by Hobson's
forces.
Mr. COX. It was ''Hobson's choice."
[Laughter.]
Mr. MeCORMICK, of Missouri. We are to
understand, then, that the horse wasnot taken
by Morgan's force in the first instance?
Mr. HOLMAN. It was not. It was taken by
Hobson's forces, the Federal forces, and the
horse left in its place was afterward reclaimed
by the Government of the United States. There
is no precedent for the payment of horses taken
by the rebel forces, and I hope there will be
none.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
point of order. I'make the point that no mem-
ber of the committee has the right to make
such a report. If I understand the gentleman
from Indiana, the committee makes the report
that they make no report in this case; that
they neither recommend the passage or the
rejection of the bill; nor do they recommend
that the case shall be referred to another com-
mittee. They give no opinion about it. The
object of the reference.of a bill to a committee
is to get their judgment on it. This committee
give no judgment at all. They do not ask to
be discharged from it or that it be laid upon
the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I report back the bill for
the judgment of the House.
The SPEAKER. It is not uncommon for a
committee to make a report without any recom-
mendation in order to take the judgment of the
House on tho question. Whether the report
be favorable or adverse, or there be no recom-
mendation, the question is whether the bill shall
be engrossed and read a third time. That is
the question, whatever may be the nature of
the report.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a question.
Mr. HOLMAN. We cannot consume much
time on this.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will not consume much
time.
j Mr. BENJAMIN. As this is one of a large
number of similar cases, all standing upon the
same ground, all governed by t.he same doubt-
ful principle, I ask the gentleman to let me
move to recommit the bill with instructions
to inquire into the expediency of reporting a
general bill on the subject? Missouri is full
of claims exactly of this character. So is
Kentucky, and so are all the border States.
If you attempt to legislate upon them in this
isolated manner it will consume the wholetime
of Congress from this day forward. If we are
to legislate upon them at all I think we ought
to provide for all claims of this class by a
general law. I will make a motion to recom-
mit if the gentleman will yield to me for that
purpose.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I ask
my colleague to yield to me for a moment?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Gen-
tlemen on this side of the House may not have
heard distinctly the statement made by my col-
league, [Mr. Holmax.] I wish, therefore, to
ii state in a word or two, that gentlemen on this
side of the House may understand it, the rea-
son why the Committee of Claims bring these
cases before the House in the way they do.
In the case' where a horse has been taken
from a loyal citizen by the proper officer of the
Government the committee have no trouble.
But ail over the country during the war horses
were taken from this person and that person,
where the evidence does not show that they
were taken by any military authority. But an
individual, an officer, or a private goes and
takes possession of a horse wherever he can
find it. Now, the committee have said that
if the Government does not get the benefit of
the horse the Government cannot place itself
in the position of being responsible for the
thefts of private citizens, aud if the horse is
taken the burden of proof must be on the per-
son from whom the horse or other property is
taken to show that the Government itself had
the benefit of that property. But many have
pressed the point that if the horse has been
t iketi from a citizen by the troops, even if he
could not make out the point that the Govern-
ment or the proper officer took it, the Govern-
ment ought to pay for it. In all these cases
the Committee of Claims has refused to report
a bill, simply because we could not make the
Government responsible for the unlawful acts
of its citizens.
