1871.
THE €0NGllESSlONAL GLOBE.
1919
my colleagues on the conference committee.
This scheme could not stand on its "own legs,
and has been attached to an important appro-
priation bill in order to carry it through.
My friend from California [Mr. Sargent]
urges the House to agree to this report lest the
bill may fait. For my part, rather than have this
wrong done, I prefer that the bill be laid upon
the table. It is a great wrong, and I appeal to
the Representatives, of the people, of the tax-
payers of the country, not to allow themselves
to be drawn into the commission of this
wrong, from the simple fact that this appro-
priation bill may be defeated at this session.
Lot the bill fail. The new Congress comes in
to-morrow, when time can be taken to exam-
ine this subject with care and act upon it with
deliberation.
Mr. SARGENT. Something is said here
by gentlemen on my right and my left about
"jobs." I know nothing about these "jobs."
I do not believe that there are any jobs in this
bill. Let those who say that there are speak
plainly and not shelter themselves behind gen-
eralities, which are so easy to use and so hard
to meet. Attention has been called to the fact
that red flagging has been put about this Cap-
itol. Well, sir, it is good flagging. No gen-
tleman has ever seen better. It is the best
flagging of our great cities. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] says he does not
know who sold'it to the Government. Sir, I
do not know; nor have I any leason to think
that the price was an impioper one. The
Smithsonian Institution, erected years ago, is
built of red stone, and is a very substantial and
handsome building. I do not know that any-
body ever said that there was any job in that.
As to the provision with reference to a build-
ing for the State Department, I must say that
it is in accordance with my judgment as an
original proposition, although I would not have
put it in an appropriation bill. In conceding
this point, the conferees have not merely made
a concession to the Senate, but have shown
deference-to the opinion of the President. In
his message of last December he called the
attention of Congress to the fact that the
archives of the Government are in an unsafe
condition, and recommended an appropriation
ot this kind. I ask the Clerk to read an extract
from that message.
The Clerk read as follows :
" The condition of tlie archives at the Department
of State calls tor the early action ot Congress, 'i'he
building now rented by that Department is a frail
structure, at an inconvenient distance from the Ex-
ecutive Man.-ion and from the other Departments, is
ill, adapted to the purpose tor which it is used, has
not capacity to accommodate thoarchives, andis not
lire-proof. Its remote situation, its slender con-
struction, and the absence of a supply of water in
tnc neignborhood leave but little liupe ol safety for
either the building or its contents in case of the acci-
dent of a fire. Its destruction would involve the loss
ol the rolls containing the original acts and resolu-
tions ol Congress, of the historic records of the Revo-
lution and ol the Confederation, ot the whole series of
diplomatic and consular archives since the adoption
ol the Constitution, and of the many other valuable
records and papers left with that Department when
it was i he principal depository of the governmental
archives. 1 recommend an appropriation lor the
construction of a building for the Department of
State."
Mr. SARGENT. Now, sir, let the House
consider this testimony of the Executive. We
all know that it is true. Where is the Repub-
lican member who will say that it is not dis-
interested? Where is the member of this
House, on either side of the Chamber, who
would so far forget propriety as to say that a
grave recommendation like that, the facts all
known to us, is not the dictate of honest duty
and prudence? I do not cite this passage as
conclusive, for we must exercise our own judg-
ment as legislators, and members may hon-
estly differ, but to show that your conferees
did not act without due deliberation in con-
ceding a necessary public work to the Senate,
our legislative equal, which asks it, and to the
President of the United States, who so strongly
recommends it. I yield a few minutes to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Coburx.J
Mr. COBURN. I desire to call attention to
the provision recommended in this report for
an appropriation of $-500,000, without any limit
or qualification whatever, for the erection of a
new building for the State Department. When
we adopted the other day appropriations for
various public buildings in the States, where
the amount in each case was only fifty, eighty,
or one hundred thousand dollars, we were
required to say in advance that the buildings
should not cost more than a given sum. But
in this case, where we make an appropriation
that may ultimately involve an expense of six,
eight, or ten million dollars, no limitation
whatever is inserted. I hold in my hand a
letter from the supervising architect of the
Treasury, in which he says that this building
will cost at least $6,000,000. If on his rough
estimates he makes the amount £6,000,000, it
may reach $10,000,000. Why should there not
be a limit as to the expense of this building ?
The gentleman from California [Mr. Sak-
GENt] says that $500,000 is to build the wing.
Sir, it will do no such thing. It will require
at least $2,000,000 to build the wing. As re-
gards a provision for the safety of the archives
of the State Department, they could be suffi-
ciently protected, at least for the present, by
a proper force of watchmen or by fire-proof
sales.
Mr. SARGENT. I see no advantage in a
temporary shift like that. If a building is neces-
sary, and the proposition concedes it, it had as
well be begun now as next year or two or three
years from now. No mere vaults would hold
the archives, unless you would store them away
where they cannot be used. I now yield five
minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. While I intend to support
this report, I desire to put on record my dis-
approval of' certain of its features. While I
believe that our conferees have done the best
they could under the circumstances, still I
wish to say that there are two features of the
report which I cannot approve. The first is
the omission to prescribe the material out of
which the State Department building is to be
constructed; the other is the increase of the
salaries of the circuit judges. 1 believe that
of all the judges, those of the circuit courts
are least deserving an increase of salary.
Their salaries have but recently been fixed
in view of existing circumstances and neces-
sities. The judges of the Court of Claims
and the District court of this city have, in my
opinion, much stronger claims for an increase
of salary.
Thus much I wish to say ; but I wish also
to say that in my opinion, notwithstanding
these defects of the report, it is our duty to
adopt it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why ?
Mr. DAWES. A conference report in its
very nature involves a mutual concession. If
we insist that we will accept no report except
such as we approve in all its details, there is
an end of conferences.
The very purpose and end of a conference
is to make such mutual concession upon each
side as will bring the two Houses as near as
possible to a common ground. Let us see
whether in the closing hours of a Congress like
this we will give up an appropriation bill of
$20,000,000 to carry on the Government be-
cause in these two features we find objection
and criticise the report of the conference com-
mittee.
Sir, without this report the bill must fail,
and we will say that we are unwilling to iur-
nish the Government with the means of being
carried on' because of these comparatively
inconsiderable differences between the two
Houses. Whether we will say that this build-
ing shall be constructed of granite or left to
the next House to determine I do not think is
a difference which would justify us in saying
to the coautry we will let tins bill fail. I have
been on conferences twice on this bill, and I
do believe this Congress is about to adjourn, if
this report be not agreed to, and leave this,
one of the most important bills, unfinished,
merely on the minor differences of raising
salaries of judges of one court or another, and
whether the new State Department shall be
constructed of granite or some other stone. I
would say granite; but I would not vole against
a conference report in these waning hours of
the session merely because I cannot have my
own way on such points as those I have men-
tioned. I urge on members the candid consid-
eration of the question whether they can leave
this Government unprovided with the means
of carrying it on upon such minor points.
Mr. SARGENT. I will yield now two min-
utes to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. COX. I have the floor now, and Ihope
I will be allowed to proceed.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts yields to me for a question.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois any further.
Mr. LOGAN. I will ask the Chair a parlia-
mentary question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. LOGAN. If the House refuses to agree
to this report 
Mr. SARGENT. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. LOGAN. You have not the floor. I
rise to a parliamentary question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. LOGAN. If the House refuses to agree
to this report, cannot another committee of
conference be appointed ?
The SPEAKER. It can.
Mr. LOGAN. Then, sir, I ask gentle-
men 
Mr. COX. I object. I have the floor.
Mr. SAUGENT. I demand the previous
question. I am willing that the gentleman
from New York shall have two minutes; but
I do not wish to have the floor occupied by the
gentleman from Illinois all the time.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logax] seems to be the boss of this House,
marching around.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia yields two minutes to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. Another Congress is about to
meet to-morrow, a new Congress, of new men,
I will not say better men, but with a large ele-
ment of better men, and we can afford to let
this bill of abomination go over.
Mr. LOGAN. I think so, too.
Mr. COX. This is all I have to say. It
was stated by the gentleman from Illinois that
he opposes the bill because he does not want
the capital to remain in Washington. Any
man who does not think with his heels ordance
on his head knows very well the capital
never will be removed from Washington.
[Laughter.] The opposition to this measure
arises from the corruption which the gentle-
man hinted at, but which he would not, when
probed, reveal to the House. What do you
mean by this granite ring? Whose is it? Who
are in the Seneca ring and all sorts of rings?
This House, I will not say the galleries of this
House, but the lobbies at least, is rotten with
the gilded flies of corruption connected with
the legislation of Congress. Let this bill
remain, therefore, until it is examined. Let
these innuendoes, for the honor of the President
of the United States, who has been assailed
here, let them be examined into.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to a point
of order. It is not in order for the gentleman
from New York to charge that anybody heie
is corrupt and rotten.
Mr. COX. I did not say my friend from
Ohio is corrupt. He seems to be personal
about it. The intimation that there was cor-
ruption here came from the other side, and I
merely replied to it.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to say
that this House is corrupt and rotten.
