1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi-
The present is a case where a loyal citizen
lost liis horse. We have not obtained evidence
that the Government got the benefit of it. We
know not but that a private soldier or the
officer who took it had the whole benefit of this
horse; therefore we have not been willing to
report the bill with the recommendation that
it should pass. Neither should we, as the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] sug-
gests, be willing to report a general bill; for
we doubt the propriety of binding this Govern-
ment to be responsible for the unlawful acts
of its citizens. But if you show us in any given
case that, the horse or other property was taken
from a loyal citizen by the authority of the
proper officer, and that the Government itself
got the benefit of it, then we report a bill for
relief. Many members of tile House, however,
thought that the committee drew the line too
strictly, and that when a loyal citizen lost his
property in this way, even if he could not prove
that the Government got the benefit of it, we
should still report a bill for relief.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question right there?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Cer-
tainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman if
he is not aware that under the present law all
horses taken by proper authority for the use
of the Government are paid for by the quar-
termaster's department?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. They
are, if the vouchers, &c., are made out to the
satisfaction of the department; but if there be
any irregularity in the vouchers they are not.
But the committee would be ready to deal with
a case of that kind, and if satisfied, though
there are some irregularities in the vouchers,
that the horse was taken and the Government
bad the benefit of it and not an individual,
they would report a bill for relief.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am aware that on the
certificate ot' the officer taking the property as
to the fact and the necessity of the taking
parties are paid for now at the quartermas-
ter's department, for the property taken.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. We
make no recommendation with regard to the
bill, but simply bring it before the House, the
House being just as competent as the commit-
tee to form a judgment on such a case when
the facts are understood.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to ask the gentle;
man From Massachusetts [Mr. Washborn] a
question. I understand him to say that there
is a large number of claims of this kind, and
that this is brought before the House for its
judgment, to guide the committee.
Mr. W A.SHBURN, of Massachusetts. Yes;
if the House approve of this claim we will
consider it an instruction on which we will act
in all similar cases. If the House say the
claim should be rejected, then we will consider
it an instruction to follow the course we have
hitherto followed, and to report favorably only
where the property is traced into the hands of
the Government as having been taken by its
proper officer,
Mr. SCOFIELD. Can the gentleman state
anything like the amount of claims somewhat
similar to this?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. That
would be impossible.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts a question, in order
to see if I understand the facts correctly.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. One
word before I yield to any question. I want
the House to understand that although this is
merely the case of a horse, it does not make
any difference what the property is. If in any
of these raids through the country the prop-
erty of a citizen has been taken, whether it be
a horse or any othfer ptoberly Bfelon'gih'g to
him, if that property h'a3 feS&i takes by an
officer, and if vouchers wSrejyWprly liffi'dk <5at
for it, the parfj1 has"6hty feo" tiytfife'DSjArt-
ment and get his pay; but if there waS iiriy
41st Cong. 3d Sjsss.—No. 31,
irregularity in the vouchers then he comes
before Congress and his case is referred to the
Committee of Claims, and if upon examina-
tion we are satisfied that although there might
havs been some irregularity, yet the property
was actually taken an^ appropriated by the
Government, we then report a bill in iuvor of
the claimant; but if we are not Satisfied that
the Government has had the benefit of the
property—and there are thousands and thou-
sands of cases where property was appropri-
ated unlawfully by soldiers for their own ben-
efit—we have said that the Government should
not be held responsibly. I wish the House to
understand that the principle involved in this
bill is not confined to claims for horses, but to
all kinds of personal property taken from loyal
citizens of the United States. This bill will
establish the precedent that the Government
should be responsible in all such cases where
it has had the benefit of the property.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is not this bill a kind of
Trojan horse? [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
gentleman must judge of that for himself.
Mr. ARCHER. I would ask the gentleman
if a precedent has not been established in cases
exactly like this, where during Indian raids
along the border the United "States troops
informally took private property for the use
of the Army, and the very kind of property
to which this hill relates—horses?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I wish
to say distinctly to the House that previous to
the rebellion the Government adopted a very
different principle in settling claims from any
that it is possible for it to adopt at present.
In the case of Indian raids, when the Govern-
ment was wealthy and had means in its hands,
and owed no debt, it could afford to be gener-
ous, and give, if need be, where there were no
legal claims. But the Committee of Claims
have feltthat in the presentstate of things, with
innumerable claims pressing upon the Gov-
ernment, we ought first to settle those claims
in which we are legally holden, and that we
are not in a position to carry the rule to that
extent of generosity which prevailed previous
to the rebellion.
Mr. ARCHER. But the precedent was estab-
lished at that time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. With
reference to the Indian raids, of which the gen-
tleman speaks, that very generous principle was
established by the Government; but since the
war of the rebellion we havs acted upon no
such principle.
Mr. HOLMAN resumed the floor.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I trust the gentleman
from Indiana will aliow me to move to recom-
mit the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I cannot consent to a mo-
tion being entered to recommit the bill. The
Committee of Claims have already considered
it fully. The gentleman from Missouri is
aware that the United States troops, in pur-
suing the rebel forces under Morgan through
the State of Ohio, were compelled to travel
at great speed, and their horses from time to
time became exhausted. The soldiers were
then compelled to take what horses they could
find along the line of the road. They took
this horse, a horse worth $125, and left with
this claimant a horse which was worn out
and exhausted. That horse was afteward
reclaimed. I state, upon the proof taken be-
fore the committee, that this property went to
the use of the Government, and was necessary
for the purpose for which it was appropriated,
although no voucher was given for it. If a
voucher had been given by an officer the
property would have been paid for. While
the committee do not recommend the passage
of the bill, I certainly think it onght to receive
the f&i'O^Kle consideration of the House;, and
I t<ast gentlemfen will excuse m8 if I Call
thfe previous question.
Mr. SHELDON, Sf liottikfanl Beforfe the
PntltSWab 4*o6 that. I wigktoasSfiifll bnfe ques-
tion. I want to know whether the Committee
of Claims has considered at all the claims of
loyal men in the States lately in rebellion?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, very fully.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. If those
claims are not to be considered then similar
claims oisfewiiere ought not to be.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 trust the gentleman will
remember that this is the first claim of this
kind coming from k State north of the Ohio
river. Instead of moving the previous ques-
tion, I will now, with the leavfe of the gen-
tle man from Ohio [Mr. Wilson] who intro-
duced this bill, move that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole House oil the Private
Calendar.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Ihope
that motion will prevail.
The motion was agreed to'.
Sl'tUIISTOSt AND SKEEN.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2707) for the relief
of John C. McQuiston and Jeremiah D. Siteen,
of Indiana ; winch was read afirst and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs tie Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to John C. Mc-
Quiston and Jeremiah D. Skeen, of Indiana,
the sum of $2,000, to reimburse them for ex-
penses incurred in satisfaction of a judgment
recovered against them in the Ripley circuit
court, in favor of Jerome Huntington, upon a
charge of false imprisonment, founded upon
an arrest made by the said McQuiston as pro-
vost marshal of the fourth district of Indiana,
and the said Skeen as deputy, while acting
under the order of General Baker, the provost
marshal of the State of Indiana, and of Brig-
adier General Wilcox.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table. ^
The latter.motion was agreed to. "
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the teport
accompanying this bill be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
HENRY CLAY WILLIAMS.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, House bill
No. 2666, for the relief of Henry Clay Wil-
liams, late receiver of public moneys at Eau
Claire, Wisconsin.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the account-
ing officers of the United States Treasury to
pay to Henry Cjay Williams, late receiver of
public moneys at Eau Claire, Wisconsin, the
sum of $828 99, being the amount erroneously
deposited by him to the credit of the United
States Treasurer.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it .was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that tho motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
11. W. DUKUIN AND OTHEKS.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the same
committee, reported ft bill (S. R. No. 2708)
for the relief of H. W. Durgin and others ;
Which wkS read & first arid Siiiond time.
The qaStrt)H;v^.fi'^..o#dSring the bill to
be engrossed1 and WSfl i' ttirfd tithe.
