1920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. COX. I did not say that. I said there
were gilded flies of corruption all about us.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the ruling
of the Chair on the point of order.
Mr. VAN HORN. I desire to make an
inquiry. Has not every gentleman in this
House the right to speak from his own stand-
point? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] makes a point of order and
calls for the ruling of the Chair. The Chair
rules that the language of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] was unparliamentary.
Mr. COX. I used the language with all
respect to the Chair and to the House.
The SPEAK ER. It did not affect the Chair.
Mr. COX. I used it with reference to the
lobby, with reference to the men who infest
our lobbies and swarm all around us like the
frogs and lice of Egypt. I stand here for the
people, who are overtaxed, who are almost
broken down by taxation. You do not lessen
their burdens. You make them greater. There
is no proper consideration for them here.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to say that this
bill as now before the House contains not one
single job. With the exception of the building
for the State Department which is recommended
by the President of the United States in a mes-
sage to the House, and for which the Senate
themselves have put an appropriation into the
bill, there is not an item of the bill except for
the ordinary expenses of the Government.
This is not the sundry civil bill. It is not a
deficiency bill. It is simply a bill making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government. There
is no warrant at all so far as this bill is con-
cerned for the remarks of the gentleman from
New York.
I will say also, from my observation of this
House and of the members of thi3 House dur-
ing the last two years, that there is nothing in
the character of gentlemen who are about me
to warrant the idea that corruption is rank here
in our body, or, if there are corrupt men who
coine here to influence Congress, that such
men have influence with Congress.
Mr. COX. The insinuation came from your
own side.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not know whom the
insinuation concerns, and I am not responsible
for it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman a question. Does he take issue with
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] and
deny the insinuation made here by that gen-
tleman? I ask him, is he prepared to say that
what the gentleman from Illinois stated was
untrue, or is he prepared to admit it?
Mr. SARGENT. I will not deny it for you.
I will deny it for myself, and I will deny it for
the majority of this House.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to say one word.
My friend from California [Mr. Sarwext] has
spoken of an appropriation for the erection
of a building for the Slate Department. Is it
not also proposed that there shall be a new
War Department and a new Navy Department
?n the same building?
Mr. SARGENT. The plan embraces all in
one building, and it is more economical to put
them under one roof than many. The present
Departments are inadequate, and we are now
renting other buildings. But the proposition
now is to build but one wing, for the State
Department.
Mr. MORGAN. It is distinctly proposed to
build them all.
Mr. SARGENT. Provision is simply made
for a building, one wing of which is to be built
for a State Department; a work that is neces-
sary, and one which I am satisfied this Con-
gress will not adjourn without having author-
ized. I call the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWOR.TH. 1 ask the gentleman
to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire also to say a word.
Mr. SARGENT. I cannot yield. I call the
previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I move to lay
the report of the committee of conference on
the table ; and upon that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The question is on order-
ing the yeas and nays on the motion to lay the
report on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make a
parliamentary inquiry. Is a motion to non-
concur in the report in order?
The SPEAKER. The motion to non-concur
is not put in that form. The question on the
report of a committee of conference is, "Will
the House agree to it?" If the House refuses
to agree to it, it can then order another con-
ference.
Mr. SARGENT. There is no time for that;
it would sacrifice the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the
motion to lay on the table, and will ask for a
vote on the concurrence.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; which was on agreeing
to the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 87, not vot-
ing 44 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Arnell, Atwood,
Axtell, Ayer, Banks, Barry, Be a man, Bennett, Be-
thune, Bingham, Blair. Bowen, George M. Brooks,
Back, Buckley, Buflinton, Roderick R. Butler,
Calkin, Cessna,Churchill, William T. Clark, Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Cook, Cowles, Dar-
rall, Dawes, Dickey. Nathan P. Dixon, Dockery,
Donley, Ferry, Fisher, Garfield. Gilfillan, Hale,
Hamill, Hamilton, Harris, Hays, Heflia. Hill, Hoar,
Holmes. Hooper, Ilotehkiss, Jenckos, Johnson,
Alexander ll.Jones, Kelley, Kellogg, Keteham,
Lailin, Lash, Long, Maynard, McUrew, McKee,
McKenzie, Mercur, William Moore, Morcy. Mor-
phis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers. Ncgley, O'Neill,
Packard, Backer, Ilalbert Is. Paine, Peck, Peters,
Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Pressor, Rainey,
Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Porter Sheldon,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Starkweather. Stevenson, Stone, Strickland,
Strong, Sypher, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Town-
send, Twichell, Upson, Wallace, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Wil-
larcl, Williams, John T. Wilson, and Witcher—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Archer,
Asper, Beatty, Biggs, Bird, Boles, Booker, Burchard,
Burdett, Benjamin F.Butler, Sidney Clarke, Coburn,
Conner, Corker, Cox, (Jrebs, Cullom, Degencr, Dick ■
inson, Dox, Duke, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Finkelnburg, Fox, Getz, Griswold, Haight, Halde-
man, Ilambleton, Hawkins, Ilawley, Hay, Holman,
Thomas L.Jones, Judd, Julian, Kerr, Lawrence,
Lewis, Logan. Lougliridge, Manning, Marshall,
Mayham, McCarthy, McCormick, McCrary. Mc-
Neely, Jesse 11. Moore, Morgan, Morrissey, Mun-
gen, Niblack, Orth. Palmer,Pomeroy, Potter, Price,
Randall, Reeves, Rice, Schumaker, Shanks, Sher-
rod. Slooum, Stevens, Stiles, Stoughton, Strader,
Taffe, Trimble, Tyner, Van Auken, Van Horn,
Van Trump, Van Wyck, Welker, Wells, Winchester,
Wolf, Wood, and Young—87.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bailey, Barnum, Beck,
Benjamin, Benton, Boyd, James Brooks, Burr,
Cake, Cleveland, Joseph Dixon, Duval, Dyer, Ela,
Fitch, Gibson, -Iloge, Ingersoll, Kelsey, Knapp,
Knott, Lynch, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, Samuel
P. Morrill, Newshara, William W. Paine, Perce,
Rogers, Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon. Shober, Joseph
S. Smith, Stokes.Swann, Sweeney,Voorhees, Ward,
Whiteley, Whitmore, Wilkinson, EugeneM. Wilson,
Winans, and Woodward—44.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT, I move to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the conference
committee was agreed to, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the yeas
and nays on that motion.
Mr. DAWES. I hope my colleague on the
committee will withdraw Iiis motion.
Mr. SARGENT. I withdraw it.
message from .tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symesox,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the reports of the committees of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 3036) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes ; and
An act (H. R. No. 2995) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the Government for the
fiscal years ending June 30,1870, and June 30,
1871, and for former years, and for other pur-
poses.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
A bill (S. No. 17G) granting a pension to
Anna E. Frei;
A bill (S. No. 493) for the relief of George
Wright;
A bill (S. No. 622) granting a pension to
Nancy E. Ammons ;
J A bill (S. No. 647) to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company and to aid in the
construction of its road, and for other purposes:
A bill (S. No. 1181) to provide for the re-
demption of copper and other token coins;
A bill (S. No. 1213) for the relief of Mary
M. Clark, widow of Leonard Clark, deceased ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2231) granting a pension
to Benjamin F. Wells;
A bill (H. R. No. 2303) granting a pension
to Chauncey H. Goodale ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2326) granting a pension
to Henry Barton;
A bill (H. R. No. 2591) relating to tele-
graphic communication between the United
States and foreign countries; and
A bill (H. R. No. 8003) granting a pension
to John Preveaux, a citizen of Amesbury,
Massachusetts. **
Mr. PERCE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
A bill (H. R-. No. 2579) making appropria-
tions for the jervice of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1872, and
for other purposes ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3086) increasing the pen-
sion of Isabella Fogg.
message prom tiie senate.
' A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsox,
one of their clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate had disagreed to the amendments of the
House to the bill (S. No. 295) relating to the
rights of settlers upon certain lands in Iowa,
asked a Committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Harlan, Mr. Williams,
and Mr. Pomeroy, managers of the conference
on the part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate adhered to its amend-
ments, disagreed to by the House, to the bill
(H. 11. No. 2509) to abolish the offices of
Admiral and Vice Admiral in the Navy.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendments, bills
of the House of the following titles :
A bill (H. R. No. 2237) granting a pension
to Bridget Angus ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3076) granting a pension
to Lucia Marden.
river and harbor bill.
Mr. SAWYER, from a committee of con-
ference, submitted the following report :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendmcn's of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. making appropri-
ations for the repair, preservation, and completion
of certain public works on rivers and harbors, and
for other purposes, having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to reeomtneurl, and do rec-
ommend to their respective Houses as tollows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 2. 3, 6, 7, 9, and 11.
That the llouso recodcfrom their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 1, 4, 8,10,
12, 13,14, 15, 16,18, and 19, and agree to tho same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: insert in lieu
