482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
. The bill, which was read, provides that there
shall be paid out of any money heretofore ap-
propriated, or which may be hereafter appro-
priated for the support of the quartermaster's
department of the United States, to H. W.
Durgin, $150'; to John G. Robinson, $140; to
John C. Nelson, $125; to E. Wood, $110,
aijd to H. H. Gushing, $140, in full, to each
of them, for extra services rendered the Uni-
ted States under the orders of S. 11. Haraill,
brevet colonel and assistant quartermaster in
charge at Nashville, Tennessee.
. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read athird time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider .the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
joseph anderson.
Mr. STOKES, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2700) for the relief
of Joseph Anderson, a citizen of Davidson
county, State of Tennessee; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to cause to be audited
and paid to Joseph Anderson, a citizen of
Davidson county, in the State of Tennessee,
the sum of $15,000, in full, for lumber taken
by General St. Clair Morton and used in the
erection of Fort Negley, near the city of Nash-
ville, Tennessee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think the point of
order would hold against this bill, that, as it
contains an appropriation, it must first be con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole. But if
there is a report in this case I will reserve my
point of order until that report can be read.
Mr. STOKES. There is a very full report
in this case, and it is shown by the officers of
the engineers' department and others that this
lumber was taken. A member of this House,
General Negley, was in command.there at the
time, and knew of the order that the lumber
be taken. This man Anderson had a lumber-
yard, in which he had pat a large amount of
lumber, amounting in all, according to the
testimony, to $24,622. General Negley, who
was in command at the time, .came before
the Committee of Claims and stated that in
his opinion some deduction should be made,
for the reason that some of the lumber in the
yard, such as sashes, blinds, doors, &c., was
not used in the erection of the fort.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Why was not this lum-
ber paid for at the time?
Mr. STOKES. I can answer that General
Morton intended to pay for the lumber, but
was suddenly ordered away from Nashville
and never returned, dying not long afterward.
General Negley has testified that the lumber
was taken, and the Committee of Claims have
directed me to report a bill for $15,000, being
sure that at least that amount of lumber was
taken and used in the erection of the fort.
Thi3_man Anderson has been true to the coun-
try ail the while ; he is now an old man and
very poor. I assure the gentleman that no
more meritorious case than that embraced in
this bill has ever passed this House.
Mr. BENJAMIN.^ Mr. Speaker, I do not
wish to interpose objections to the passage of
any bill which is meritorious in itself and which
justice to other claimants against the Govern-
ment will authorize to be passed. But when
i see claimants come in here after a lapse of
eight years and ask compensation for lumber
purchased by officers having authority to pur-
chase, and for which payment was not made
#t the time, I look upon such cases with some
suspicion I;i such cases the inference is pretty
strong ^ my mind that there was some good
reason why the claims were not paid at the
time; that the parties making the purchase, if
summoned before us to testify, would state
some good reason why payment was withheld,
as we have every reason to suppose that the
creditors of the Government would look out
for their pay when the property was taken.
Mr. STOKES. In reply to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin,] I will state
that the proof embodied in the report shows
that Anderson made application to the quar-
termaster's department for compensation for
this lumber; and the decision there was_ that
the matter belonged properly to the engineer
department. The chief of engineers, how-
ever, did not feel himself authorized to pay the
claim. Among the papers in the case will be
found the statement of the officers and soldiers,
who had full knowledge of the transaction in
question, who took the lumber and hauled it
away; and also the statement of the architect
who assisted in building the fort. I assure the
gentleman from Missouri that no clearer case
than this can be presented : and I ask the
House, in justice to Mr. Anderson, to pass
the bill.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I wish to
ask the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Stokes] whether there was any charge of
disloyalty against this claimant?
Mr. STOKES. No, sir: there was not.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. There are
a number of cases very similar to this in the
portion of- the State of Missouri which I rep-
resent—cases in which lumber was taken by
military forces—and those cases are just as
meritorious as this; but the department has
declined payment. It does seem to me that
the Government of the United States should
adopt some general system which would do
justice to all claimants who are alike merito-
rious.
Mr. STOKES. I am "certainly in favor of
the passage of a general bill which would cover
all cases of this kind.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mary a. ripley.
Mr. ELA, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2710) for the relief
of Mary A. Ripley; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, proposes to pay
to Mary A. Ripley $720, in full for all claims
for services, expenditures, and expenses while
acting as a nurse in the service of the United
States from September 2, 1801, to the close of
the war in 1865.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELA moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tt. l. nance.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, from the Commit-
tee of Claims, reported back adversely the
petition of W. L. Nance, of Tennessee, pray-
ing to be reimbursed for property taken by
the quartermaster's department during the late
war; which was laid on the table.
thomas m. harbin.
JVIr. MOORE, of Illinois, also, from the Com-
mittee of. Claims, reported back adversely a
bill (H. R. No. 1301) for the relief of Thomas
M. Harbin; which was laid on the table.
william m. henry.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, also, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R.'No. 2711)
for the relief of William M. Henry; which'was
read a first and second time.
. The bill was read. It provides that the
proper officers of the War and Treasury Depart-
ments cause to be certified and paid to William
M. Henry, of Hawkins county, Tennessee, late
of company E, first regiment of Tennessee
volunteer cavalry, the pay and emoluments
of second lieutenant of said company from
the 13th of August, 1864, the date of his com-
mission, to the 11th day of April, 1865, the date
of his muster-out, deducting therefrom his pay
and allowances as a private soldier for the
same period.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, mo.ved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
peteit j. burciiell.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, also, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of
Peter J. Burchell, with the recommendation
that it do not pass.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I hope that my col-
league will let me move that this bill be put
on its passage. I have no doubt if the bill were
for half a million dollars there would be no
difficulty in getting it passed by this House;
but this is a bill in behalf of a poor man, for
only $318, against the Government for dam-
age done to his house, which was occupied by
the troops of the United States, or rather by
recruits for a regiment which was then being
raised. The report of the committee is adverse.
Now, sir, I hold iu my hand the affidavit of
three or four responsible residents, who made
an «xamination and under oath made an esti-
mate of the damage done to this poor man's
house. The detective officer who made the
investigation reports that the estimate of those
gentlemen is about right, except that they do
not make an allowance for the house being an
old one, but estimate for new lumber. He
says they ought to make an allowance for the
depreciation i;i the value of lumber in a house
some thirty or forty years old. But he admits
there was this damage to this poor man's house
by these recruits. This house was under lease
by the Government at three dollars a week,
but there was no provision in the lease for
paying for damages. The three dollars pet-
week were paid—a small amount; but the
Government, it was decided, could not pay the
damages. The War Department refused to do
so because it was not in the lease. Therefore
this claimant has come to Congress for relief.
Let the bill be put on its passage. I am
willing that any gentleman shall move an
amendment to reduce the amount from $318,
notwithstanding this house was occupied in
1863, and this damage done at that time, and
this poor man has been kept out of his money
ever since. He is not only a poor man but a
sick man, and it is not probable that he has
long to live; yet it is proposed to refuse this
poor pittance because it was not in the con-
tract. The recruits destroyed all the plaster
in the house, broke all the windows, tore down
the doors and made tables of them, and the
house has been worthless to the man ever
since,^ being inhabited by poor people who
are without shelter from time to time. I ask
the House, under the circumstances, to puss
the bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
hope before the House passes this bill they
will understand why the committee have taken
the action they have. This bill has been
reported to the House in one or two previous
Congresses, and after examination has been
reported on adversely, and that report has
been adopted by the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I am
confident I am correct.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That does not ap-
pear.
