1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. NYE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Vermont a single question. He says he has
studied this case as a lawyer. I should like to
know where he finds the law in this Govern-
ment for it to say what a man shall not do for
three years after he leaves a Department in
which "be has been a mere cleA.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Nevada
misunderstood me if he thought I undertook
to study as a lawyer what the rights of the
Senate are ki passing a bill. "What X said was
that I had endeavored in the committee, and
the committee with me, acting upon the prin-
ciple, assuming that to be right, to use lan-
guage that would accomplish the result. That
was all 1 intended to say upon that point.
Now,' if my friend wants my view on the other
point I will give it to hi>.n.
Mr. NYE. I do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. One of the objects of
the Government is to protect the Government,
and it is perfectly lawful under the Constitu-
tion. if it is wise, and just in and of itself, for
the Government to say who shall practice in
its courts, who shall practice in its Depart-
ments,- who shall be allowed to do this or to do
that, depending upon principles of justice in
the good order and progress of society. There-
fore we say that no man shall be allowed to
practice in a court of law unless he shall have
been previously examined and shall have shown
that he has skill enough to be intrusted with
the management of people's causes; and so
we say in the Treasury that a man shall not be
entitled to an office there unless he shall be a
person of approved skill upon examination ;
and so we say, in order to protect the Treas-
ury, that anybody who has accepted service
under the Government and acquired knowl-
edge that belongs confidentially to his client
and employer, shall not betray that by selling
it to somebody else. It falls within a very
well-known principle of justice.
Mr. NYE. I have a single word to say as
to why this proposition should not be adopted.
The explanation and reason rendered by the
honorable Senator from Vermont has failed to
show its propriety. He says these must be
men of good character and with all the qual-
ifications necessary to become clerks ill the
Departments. There is but onereason for say-
ing that such a man should not practice in that
Department after he leaves it; and that reason
is that it so corrupts him while he is there that
he is incapable for three years of doing any
business attached to thatDepartment. I deny
thai theory in into, and T deny the right of this
Government to say that 1 shall not avail myself
of knowledge that 1 have gleaned here and
there, through the pathway of life, to my profit
and to the profit of others to whom I impart my
knowledge. Sir, as well might the honorable
Senator say that a county clerk in my old
county, in the State of New- York, should not
practice law because he was familiar with every
paper on fiie in that office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend
from Nevada a question?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask him
to illustrate this thing. Suppose he had done
me the honor of employing me as his counsel
and agent for two or three years in his busi-
ness to advise him, and I acting as his attor-
ney knew all about his business, would it be
just, right, and honorable, or lawful for n ,
after he had paid me all that he had promised
to me, to go and sell myself to his adversary
in that business and tell his-adversary all that
my friend from Nevada had told me about his
business?
Mr. NYE. I have been a lawyer, not as
good a one, but for as many years as my
friend from Vermont; and I think I have as
good and as high an appreciation of the duty
of lawyers to clients as ho has; but there is
no analogy at all between the positions. As
well might the honorable Senator ask that a
clerk in his law office who was cognizant of a
fact that he learned while he was there, with-
out any infidelity to any client, should not
avail himself of that knowledge in his profes-
sion thereafter. The two cases are entirely
different. We know what our duty as lawyers
is to our clients ; and a lawyer is no lawyer,
no man, that betrays the interests of his client
in any way.
But, Mr. President, this Government i3 not
a client to its employes. These clerks are not
the Government's lawyers. The clerks do cer-
tain clerical duty, and in the performance of
that .duty they learn the routine of business
in their ofliees. A clerk is turned out to-day,
and the Government says, "For three years
you shall not be seen or heard of in thatDepart-
ment; if you go there you are a criminal, and
must be fined and imprisoned." Now, sir, I
think that is taking very high ground. There
is nothing in these Departments, I assume,
that should not be known to everybody.
There is nothing in these Departments that
is done by clerks but that the eye of the world
should see if it desired. Then, tell me why I
am to be excluded from practicing law if I
come here a poor clerk and get married in
Washington; I am turned out to-morrow on
the motion of my friend from Vermont or any-
body else. I have a family on my hands. All
that I do know I have learned in this office
and in that business; and I seek to make it avail-
able to me; but "No," says^the honorable
Senator from Vermont, "for three long years
you have got to be banished from that office
and its pursuits 1" I repudiate all such doc-
trines. You will never reform your Depart-
ments in that way.
Mr. CONKLING. It is broader than the
Senator states it.
Mr. NYE. Of course it is.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Allow me to ask the
Senator from Nevada a question. I know that
if any Senator can answer the question I wish
to propound it is the honorable Senator from
Nevada. I am seeking for light; more light
is necessary. I want to ask the honorable
Senator, what power is there in the Federal
Government to say that any man shall not
pursue a legitimate business ? What power is
there in the Congress of the United States to
say that I shall not practice law or medicine,
or act sis an attorney for claimants? I know
my honorable friend can answer that question.
Mr. NYE. My friend ismaking his question
so long that I shall forget it. I do not think
the Government has any right to do it. That
answers it; and, having said that, I have said
all I desire to say.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, there
has certainly been enough said on this subject;
but there having been so much said, I am dis-
posed to add a little.
It seems to me that this is a very objection-
able amendment, and that it contemplates
much more than is seen at the first blush. It
is clearly my opinion that it contemplates that
which no American can wish to see upon
the statute-book of his country. It isati indi-
rect charge of corruption, and to that extent
is without metes or bounds in the various
bureaus and Departments of the Government.
Why am I authorized to arrive at that con-
clusion? It is apparent and clear and unmis-
takable to me when it declares that no officer
shall have a right to look into, speak of, or
advise in any way touching that which he may
have become acquainted with while an officer
under the Government.
If everything be pure there, as it should be,
this provision certainly is not a good one ; and
under any circumstances it seems to me that
the implication is too broad as to the impurity,
or, in stronger language, the corruption that
abounds, if you please, in those bureaus. I
do not think it exists as contemplated by this
section; but if it is passed, evidently the Sen-
ators here enacting the law will arrive at the
conclusion that there are facts there which
ought to be veiled from the nation. Bat, sir,
this amendment will not practically, do that
which it proposes to do, even if it be enacted.
If there be facts there which would be pre-
judicial to the Government if they were made
known by those who have the ability to do so,
from what they had learned from their par-
ticipancy from time to time as officers of the
Government, how easily may this section be
evaded ? A has this knowledge; he associates
with B as attorneys; A will notbe known in the
transaction, but he will give all the 'necessary
information to B, who will act for the claim-
ant. Thus it would simply resolve itself into
an exposure as contemplated, and nothing
practical would be realized,be cause the real
party would not be known. If he was a bad
man, base, as this contemplates, assuredly he
would not put himself within the terms of the
law so that he could be made accountable.
For these reasons this proposition to me is
objectionable. There ought-to bo no intima-
tion that there is anything in the Departments
and bureaus pertaining to this great Govern-
ment that is not open for any and every citi-
zen, be he high or low, rich or poor, in this
broad Union. Unmistakably we think that
is the spirit which should prevail in a repub-
lican Government. If that be the case, it
certainly to me would be very-objectionable
to say. that A, B, or C by the experience
and the knowledge he possessed should be
debarred from making known in any waywhat
he had acquired. Is our Government dis-
posed to withhold a humble pittance to any
of its subjects ? Be the amount great or
small, it has no right to make an inquiry as
to the amount; but it is contemplated by this
that there is money that is due to citizens of
the Union which they do not receive by reason
of the absence of information that they would
be enabled to derive from those who are
informed ; and they are to be debarred from
it. That is not the spirit of this Government.
If it is, I misunderstand it, and will continue
to do so until I shall be enlightened. I hope
that the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. If we can have a vote
on this question I will gladly relinquish the
floor. If it is to be discussed I should like
to make an observation about it myself.
["Vote!" "Vote!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the second section of the amendment of
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the vote be taken
on the second and third sections together.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
put the questiqn on agreeing to the last two
sections of the amendment of the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. CASSERLY, I do not think that sec-
tion number two, which.I supposed was the only
one under discussion, should be retrospective.
As a rule, that is a viee in legislation ; but in
the present ease it is particularly objectionable
because it would deprive persons of a mode
of livelihood already established by them. I
suggest, therefore, to the Senator from Ohio
who proposed this amendment whether he
would not be willing to make it prospective in
its operations? For that purpose I move 
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is an amend-
ment to an amendment, and is not amendable
except by the Senator from Ohio modifying it
himself.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I suggest to him
to strike out the words "has been," and. let
it read "no person who shall hereafter be
an officer," &c. Then he has fair warning,
and he takes the office and continues to hold
it with notice. - " "
Mr. SHERMAN. I have-bo objection to
that modification.
Mr. CASSERLY, Then, in line four, in-
stead of the word "thereafter," I would insert
"after ceasing to hold such office or employ-
ment," because as it reads now it is suscept-
ible of a very different interpretation. This
disability ought not to apply, and is not, of
