1310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
After he ceases to be in
Well, that ought to be
course, intended to apply until after he ceases
to hold the office or employment, because it
does not require a statute, I take it, to dis-
able him from prosecuting a claim while he is
holding office. That would be manifestly
improper. However, I do not know that the
Senator from Ohio intended the amendment
to reach that case. If he did, I have nothing
more to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio modifies his amendment so that it shall
be prospective, as the Chair understands.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us hear how it reads
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
wilt report that part of the amendment which
has been modified.
The Chief Clerk. As modified it reads,
"that no person who shall hereafter be an
officer or clerk in any of the Departments in
Washington shall within three years," &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not what I stated.
Mr. BAYARD. I suggest that it may be
present as well as prospective, reading "who
is now or shall be hereafter."
Mr. CASSERLY. That will do.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make it read,
" that no person who is now or shall hereafter
bean officer or clerk in the public service." I
will change the word "Department" to " ser-
vice."
Mr. CASSERLY. " Within three years
thereafter." After what?
Mr. SHERMAN.
the public service.
Mr. CASSERLY.
expressed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that is implied;
but if the Senator wants to make it more defi-
nite, very well.
Mr. CASSERLY. Say "within three years
after ceasing to hold such office or employ-
ment."
Mr. SHERMAN. That is rather hyper-
critical ; but still if the Senator thinks those
words are necessary, I will not objcct to them.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President 
Mr. HARLAN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator give way for a motion to go into execu-
tive session ? There is a necessity for a short
executive session.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will not
make the motion yet for a little while. We
shall soon get through with this bill now. Let
us take a vote on this question first.
Mr. HARLAN. If a vote can be taken I
will not make the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish to call the
attention of the Senator from California, who,
as I understand, has offered the amendment
which is now pending, to the fact that if the
amendment ought to be made at all it is upon
the ground that this section ought not to have
retrospective operation, and yet if he leaves it
as now proposed it does have that effect. It
is retrospective on every person who shall be
in a Department at the time the act passes.
There should be certainly some time left for
them to get out of the Departments if they do
not want to be disfranchised; and the amend-
ment, in order to accomplish this purpose,
should be "that no person who shall after"
some day to be named, for instance, the 1st
of June or the 1st of July, "be an officer or
clerk," &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Say "in 1900," so as to
make it safe 1
Mr. CARPENTER. One word, as the un-
friendly remark of the Senator from Vermont
seems to call for it. I do not see the morality
of this whole arrangement. It has been well
said by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis,'] if I have a claim against any Depart-
ment of the Government I am entitled to have
that claim allowed. Now, what is the princi-
ple upon which this provision proceeds ? That
the men inside of that Department know that
it ought to be allowed, and yet they will not
give me the papers which establish my rights,
and I am precluded from obtaining them be-
cause I do not know what they do and what I
ought to be informed of by them. If I cannot
obtain this information while some dishonest
clerk is in the Department, when he retires
and tells me, what I ought to have been told
before, " I cheated you two years ; I thought
it my duty to do so; I was a clerk in this
Department and I understood that the Gov-
ernment desired to wrong you if it could;
therefore I have suppressed the truth for two
years; but 1 am now under no further obli-
gation, and therefore I tell you what the fact
is, that there are in the Department the evi-
dences whieh show that you are entitled to
what you claim," and upon the information
thus obtained I go to the head of the Depart-
ment, and, producing the paper, have my claim
allowed, get my rights. Now, I am not able to
see—it may be owing to obtuseness on my
part—how this is wrong. The analogy which the
Senator from Vermont tries to draw between
a lawyer divulging the seerets of his client and
this ease does not exist. The Government of
the United States is not a litigant against its
own citizens. Its officers, its agents, its clerks,
ought not to suppress, conceal, or smother
any evidence which would teud to establish
my right. All the evil that can result in the case
supposed is that a man when he comes out
of a Department has ceased to do wrong and
does what is right, and tells me what he ought to
have told me when he was in the Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I be permitted to
ask the Senator a question?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my friend, on the
ground of morality whieh he assumes that all
tlaims are just, whether he thinks the action
of the late Assistant Postmaster General in
resigning his office in that Department and
taking up the Chorpenning claim and putting
it through was a thing that ought to bo pro-
hibited by law or not?
Mr. CARPENTER. There are two or three
things to be said about that. In the first place
I do not know anything about it. Whether it
ought to be prohibited by law or not depends
on this fact: if that claim was a just one and
Chorpenning could not obtain the evidence
which would establish it and the evidence was
in the Department, and he was kept from it
by the clerks, then it is right that the claim
should be allowed. If the claim is unjust,
then it is all wrong. I know nothing about
it, however.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Wisconsin allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose we turn the
case around, and a clerk in a Department knows
of papers which defeat a claim and he puts
those papers out of the way, hides them in a
pigeon-hole, destroys them, and then goes out
and becomes a claim agent for that claimant?
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator will
introduce a bill providing that if any officer or
clerk of any Department knowing of the exist-
ence of any testimony in his Department per-
taining to a pending claim and does not pro-
duce it to the officer who must pass upon the
question he shall leave his office and go to the
penitentiary, I will support such bill. If that
is the evil let us correct it. But take the case
which I supposed. If the clerk has done to
me that injustice for two years while he is in
office, for Heaven's sake let us get him out of
office, if he will be more honest out than he
was in, and then let him do me justice by tell-
ing me the fact.
My friend from New York suggests to me
the case of aman who has never been in a De-
partment, and yet who conceals or destroys a
paper which is material evidence ; the offense
is the same and the crime the same, and he
might as properly be punished,
Mr. SHERMAN. With the Senator's per-
mission I should like to put a question to him.
Take a case which may have occurred and
perhaps has occurred: would he allow the
head of a bureau, who may be called a judicial
officer, passing on millions and millions of
claims, having possession and custody 3uring
his term of office of papers on one ^ide of the
cases; would it be consistent with public policy
to allow him to go out of his office and become
a claim agent representing the claimants in
those very cases?
Mr. CARPENTER. It seems to mo that
goes back to the other question, whether the
man was an honest officer when inside or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. Take it either way.^
Mr. CARPENTER. - Suppose he was' per-
fectly honest while he was inside, then there
is nothing that he can betray. I take it to be
the duty of an officer clothed with that func-
tion in any of our Departments to deal fairly
and honestly, not to conceal anything. If he
has done so, if in passing on a claim he has
shown the claimant everything in the Depart-
ment for him as well as against him, he has
nothing to disclose when he goes out.' If he
has not done that, if he has been dishonest
while in office, then I think it is proper to let
him be honest when he comes out, and I do
not see that any other result is produced than
that 1 get my rights after he leaves the office,
which I ought to have had before he left it.
A word as to the constitutionality of this
measure. There is no doubt, I suppose, that
Congress could pass a law providing that any
man who accepts an office in one of these
Departments shall be disfranchised and pre-
vented from practicing in the Department, or
prosecuting any claim, or doing any other
thing which the law might mention, for three
years, because the man would accept the
office knowing what consequences attached;
he would accept the office and the disfran-
chisement together; but I do very much doubt
the constitutional power of Congress to say
that a man who wa3 in one of the Depart-
ments last year shall be disfranchised for three
years.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The question is
on agreeing to the second section of the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Finance
as modified by the Senator from Ohio.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the third section as an amendment
to the amendment, which will be reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read. I think
there will be no objection to it.
The Chief Clerk. It is as follows :
And be it further enacted. That when a greater sum
shall be appropriated for the compensation of any
officer or clerk than the pay or salary of such olEccr
as fixed 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
this should be reserved until the question is
taken on agreeing to the amendment cf the
Committee on Appropriations, as it is not a
substitute for that amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will follow that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Nobody will object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on agreeing to the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Appropriations
as section four.
Mr. CASSERLY and Mr. CORBETT. Let
it be read.
The"Chief Clerk read as follows:
And be it further enacted. That no person shall
hereafter act or be employed as attorney, ?>r
counsel for the prosecution of, or be interested m
the prosecution of. any claim or demand (except
such as may have onsinally arisen in his own riaht)
before or in any Executive .Department of the G<>\ -
ernment, or any branch or bureau thereof, m which
suteh person shall have been an officer or employed
withm three years next preccdingtbe becomingsucli
agent, attorney, or counsel, or becoming interested
in the prosecution of such claim or demand. And
every person offending against the provisions of this
section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and on con-
viction thereof shall pay a fino not exceeding il.000,
or be imprisoned not exoeeding one year,
