1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
l3lS
he modify his resolution so that it shall take
effect on and after Monday next.
Mr. MAYNARD. l am willing to bo gov-
erned in that respect by the sense of the House.
I am not strenuous in regard to the matter.
Mr. BANKS. I hope that the amendment
suggested by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Jtdd] will be adopted. Some of the com-
mittees are not quite ready yet to present their
jjqg] negg.
Mr. KELSEY. I suggest that the hour of
adjournment should not be fixed in the reso-
lution, but that we should adjourn whenever a
majority of the House shall desire.
The SPEAKER. The adoption of this res-
olution would not prevent an adjournment
earlier than the hour named; but it would ne-
cessitate an adjournment at that hour. This
was the custom last year under a similar reso-
lution.
Mr. KELSEY. I t.hink that at times incon-
venience might result from a fixed hour of
adjournment. That matter ought to be left to
the discretion of the House, It would doubt-
less be advantageous to have the hour of meet-
ing fixed at eleven.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make a sug-
gestion, if gentlemen will allow me.
Mr. O'NEILL. I object. Let us have night
sessions.
Mr. MAYNARD. We adopted a similar
resolution at the last session. It gives us six
hours for business, and experience has shown
that we can do a great deal more in that way
than by taking a recess and coming here at
we did last night.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Will the gentleman
yield to a question?'
Mr. MAYNARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Did not experience
also show that it is within the power of a few
members to "stave off" action on any busi-
ness because we will have to adjourn at five
o'clock?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman mod-
ify his resolution ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will strike out the por-
tion fixing the hour of adjournment.
Mr. O'NEILL. At this period of the ses-
sion we want the morning to attend the sittings
of the. committees. The hour between eleven
and twelve is too important to give up.
Mr. PETERS. I hope it will be made to
apply to Saturday. That day, at half past one
o'clock, has been fixed for the consideration
of the McGarrahan case, and we ought to have
an hour more time.
Mr. WOOD. Even if this resolution be
passed it will not preclude our having a night
session. Is not that so? So we really gain
nothing by this resolution.
The SPEAKER. If the House see proper
they can have a night session, just as wasdone
at the last session of Congress.
Mr. WOOD. We do not gain anything in
the way of avoiding night sessions. We are
working hours enough now. If we could avoid
night sessions I should be willing to meet at
nine o'clock.
Mr. MAYNARD. In orderto test the sense
of the House, I will demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PETERS. Does the gentleman include
Saturday?
Mr. MAYNARD. I do.
The resolution, as modified, was read, as
follows:
Ilesolved, That the House, on and after Saturday
next, until otherwise ordered, will meet at eleven
o'clock a. m.
Mr. KELSEY. That is right.
The resolution, was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 83.
m galtrahan case.
Oil motion of Mr. PETERS, by unanimous
consent, the hour of taking up the McGarra-
han case on Saturday next was fixed at half
past twelve o'clock instead of half past one..
cincinnati and chattanooga railroad.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of four hundred and thirty
citizens of Chattanooga, askiag Congress to
charter a railroad from Cincinnati, Ohio, to
Chattanooga, Tennessee; which was referred
to the Committee on Railways and Canals.
simeon stansfer.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3047) for the relief
of" Simeon Stansfer, of Indiana; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
southern pacific railroad.
Mr. WHEELER. I give notice that 011
Tuesday morning next, after the reading of
the Journal, I shall move to take up for con-
sideration the Southern Pacific railroad bill.
pension bills.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that all Senate bills granting pensions
and all House bills returned from the Senate
with amendments be taken from the Speaker's
table and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Mr. WILKINSON. I object.
west point investigation.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the report of the Committee on Military
Affairs, under the resolution of the House
authorizing an investigation into the circum-
stances ofthe expulsion of Cadets Baird, Fliek-
inger, and Barnes from West Point, and their
subsequent enforced resignation. The pre-
vious question has been seconded en the
pending resolutions, and the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Asper] is entitled to an hour
to close debate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to ask
that the time for this debate shall be extended.
I ask it for the reason that I had supposed I
had an arrangement with the chairman of the
committee which gave me fifteen minutes. I
understand now that he has parceled out his
time, and I desire an'opportunity to say a few
words.
Mr. FERRISS. I object.
The SPEAKER. The hour to which the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Asper] is enti-
tled commences at twenty minutes past twelve;
and whatever time he yields comes out of his
own time.
Mr. ASPER. I yield to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] for five minutes.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, seeing
the House entering into this extraordinary
proceeding of trying and censuring officers and
cadets of the Military Academy, and appre-
hending that we may have cases here from
West Point every session, I have looked into
the question with some care. We are asked
to pass judgment upon three of the members
ofthe fourth class, and upon all the members
of the first class except four or five (several
having been absent, and one cadet, Mansfield,
having declined to take part in their action,)
upon the management of the Academy and its
officers. This institution was founded upon
the recommendation of George Washington in
his last annual message to Congress, from
which I will submit'an extract. In that mes-
sage, delivered December 7, 1796, he said:
"The institution of a military academy is also
reoommendod by cogent reasons. However pacific
the general policy of a nation may be, it ought never
to be without an adequate stock of military knowl- I
edge for emergencies. The first would impair the
energy of its character, and both would hazard its
safety or expose it to greater evils when war could
not be avoided, besides that war might often not
depend upon its own choiee. In proportion as the
observance of paoifio maxims might exempt a nation
from the necessity of practicing the rules of the mili-
tary art ought to be its care in preserving and trans-
mitting by proper establishments the knowledge
ot .that art. Whatever arguments' may fe"e;d?aw"ft
from particular examples, superficially viewed, a
thorough examination of the subject will evjiiee
that the art of war is at once comprehensive anil
complicated; that it demands much previous study,
and that the possession of it, in its most improved
and perfect state, is always of great moment to the
security of a nation. This, therefore, ought to be
a serious care of every Government, and ibr^bss
purpose an academy, where a regular eourse of .in-
struction is given, is an obvious expedient which
different nations have employed."
The wisdom of this advice has bees well
tested. The Institution has done<good service
to the country in all her wars. With its aid we
have risen to the first rank among military
nations, and in the art of war we have now
but one, if any, superior. It is perhaps the
misfortune of this Academy that it did not
educate all the great men of the country. It
would not then have had so many assailants
and might have had more honor and renown';
bnt it has educated many gallant and success-
ful soldiers, and they have served their coun-
try well. It furnished more than one thou-
sand accomplished officers to lead the armies
of the Union against the rebellion, and their
skill and experience were felt 011 every battle-
field of that struggle; and no man can tell the
value of their services unless he can tell the
value of the Union."* It is true that some of
its graduates proved recreant, bat. for :every
one false there were three true;' and'half the
southern graduates—the better half—were true.
Thomas alone "was worth all the rebel gradu-
ates.
To the propositien to restore the members
of the fourth class I have no objection. The
ease of those boys appeals to my sympathies.
While recognizing their faults I had rather err
on the side of mercy. As to the resolution
against the members of the first class and that
relating to the officers, I wish to say that, in my
judgment, we have not the jurisdiction to take
the action proposed. We are acting alone,
not in our legislative capacity fit connection
with the Senate. We alone propose tto,provide
for the trial and punishment of officers and
cadets of the Military Academy. The Acad-
emy is a part of the Army, established bylaw,
governed by law, according to regulations
of the Army and special regulations of the
Academy established by law. It is not within
the province of this House, aeting thus alone,
to change those regulations. One of them is
Article 92 of the Articles of War. It provides
that—
"As courts of inquiry may be perverted to dishon-
orable purposes and may be considered as engines
of destruction to military merit in thahandsof weak
and envious commandants, they are hereby prohib-
ited unless directed by the President of the United
States or demanded by the accused." ;
Yet, in the face, of this article, we propose
aeting alone to order a court of inquiry by
ordering the Secretary of War to order such a
court. Not the President; but the Secretary,
and this without "request of the accused."
We disguise oar order as a recommendation,
but it is and must be understood as imperative.
This is beyond our jurisdiction, and inattempt-
ing it we are playing toward the first class the
same role which the first class has played
toward the boys of the fourth class, and much
in the same style. The first class assumed to
judge where they had no jurisdiction; so do
we. The first class acted without due delib-
eration, and upou passion and prejudice: so
do we. Our sub-committee were at the Acad':
emy one day, sat eight hours, conducted their
examination without form, heard no defense,
and yet ask us to condemn unheard thirty-five
men. . . _
The first class acted harshly and cruelly to-
ward green boys, and.we propose to retaliate
harsh and cruel jadgment upon the first class,
inexperienced yoting men. Sir," if anything
could justify the proceedings of the first class
it will be these proceedings of this House,
which, iii every element of impropriety, wrong,
and cruelty exceed what was done by that
class.
