1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1925
Mr. RANDALL. It is a fact well known
to us all that Mr. Whiteley has received a large
sum of money as contestant for a seat in the
Senate, and 1 protest against this House pay-
ing him as a sitting member for the time for
Which he has already received pay.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. PETE US. I will yield first to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] who is
Chairman of the Committee.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker,
I do not rise to oppose the report of the Judi-
ciary Committee, but it is due to the House
that X should state the facts of this case. It is
known to the members of the House that there
was an election during the Fortieth Congress
for Representatives from the State of Georgia
to this House. After that election Georgia was
readmitted to representation in Congress. At
that election Representatives were chosen on
a ticket which did not indicate the Congress
for which they were chosen. In substance the
ballots showed t.hat P. M. B. Young and the
other successful candidates were elected to the
Congress of the United States without desig-
nating any particular Congress. Now, under
that election those gentlemen came to the For-
tieth Congress and we admitted them. They
came to the Fortieth Congress because that
Congress was in existence at- the time of the
read mission of Georgia to representation.
They took their seats and held them during
the remainder of the Fortieth Congress.
At the commencement of the Forty-First
Congress they came here and claimed seats
again under that same election. P. M. B.
Young was one of them. They claimed that
under that election, at which there was no in-
dication on the tickets to which Congress they
were elected, they had a right to seats in both
Congresses. This House decided, the question
thus presented in the negative, and they were
not admitted to seats by virtue of that elec-
tion. They went home, and there has since
been another election, and Representatives
have appeared here under that new election
and taken seats on this floor which they now
hold in this Forty-First Congress.
Now, what I have to say is this: that all six
of the Representatives from Georgia in the last
Congress claimed their seats during the first
portion of the Forty-First Congress on the same
grounds; that is to say, under the first elec-
tion. All the other Representatives were as
much entitled to their seats as Mr. Young was
by virtue of that election. If he had any right
at all before the recent election the other Rep-
resentatives of Georgia stood on the same
ground.- I do not say that Mr. Young ought
not to have compensation for the whole of this
Congress, the first year as well as the last; I do
not say that he ought not to have $10,000; but
I do say that if you declare him entitled to
it, if you allow him pay for the year he was
excluded, then you must give it to the other
five members from Georgia, who were in pre-
cisely the same situation. I know that Mr.
Young is the only one of them here now; but
none of those gentlemen have ever had com-
pensation for waiting here until the House
decided upon their claim. They stayed here
just as long as Mr. Young did. They waited
here nearly a year for the purpose of obtain-
ing admission; but we did not admit them.
Now, if you pay Mr. Young for the first year
you must be prepared at the next session of
Congress to meet claims from each one of
those five gentlemen for payment for that
year's service. That is all I have to say.
Mr. STEVENSON. Has any computation
been made as to what this will amount to?
Mr. MUNGEN. Is the resolution divis-
ible ? Can we vote for paying one and against
another?
The SPEAKER. The resolution can be
amended.
Mr. MUNGEN. Then I move to amend by
striking out the name of Mr. Whiteley.
Mr. PETERS. I do not yield to the gentle-
man to make that motion. I understood that
the gentleman rose to make a parliamentary
inquiry.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to amend the
resolution by striking out the name of Mr.
W hiteley
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine declines to yield for amendments.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I hope the previous
question will be voted down.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will explain
why the resolution is not divisible. A resolu-
tion to be divisible should leave substantial
propositions in each part of it when divided.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. PETERS. I yield first to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I want to ascertain
what amount of money this resolution will take
from the Treasury. Is it not some thirty-five
thousand dollars?
Mr. PETERS. Oh, no; not as much as
that.
Mr. STEVENSON. It gives Mr. Young
$10,000.
Mr. PETERS. Oh, no.
Mr. STEVENSON. Oh, yes ; it gives him
compensation for both ssssions.
Mr. PETERS. He has received a portion
of it already.
Mr. STEVENSON. The five others are to
receive $5,000 each. Now, I want to call the
attention of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] to this proposition. He has
been instructing, admonishing, exhorting, en-,
treating, and condemning this House on the
subject of expenses of contested elections. I
call his attention to the fact that here is a prop-
osition to take $35,000 at one grasp. I think
the true rule is to limit these gentlemen to the
time for which they served.
Mr. PETERS. If the gentleman has deliv-
ered himself of his question will he now
surrender the floor?
Mr. STEVENSON. Answer my question
if you can.
Mr. PETERS. Certainly I will. I desire,
Mr. Speaker, to make a brief statement if the
House will hear me. According to the prece-
dents—almost invariable, as I understand—if
a man is elected to Congress, although it is
after a part of the term of the Congress has
passed, he receives compensation for the whole
Congress. For instance, the gentlemen from
Connecticut, who are elected in April, receive
their pay from the 4th of March. Under the
old system, where a majority of votes was re-
quired for an election, and where for that rea-
son there sometimes failed to be an election,
so that the district was deprived of representa-
tion for almost an entire Congress, the man
who was finally elected received pay for the
whole Congress.
Now, Mr. Young has been twice elected.
He has been personally present during all this
Congress. He was here all of last session.
He holds two commissions from the Governor
of Georgia. He has waited during all the last
session and during this session until now, the
day before we adjourn. The delegation from
that State were sent back for another election.
He has been sent here again, though none of
his compeers come with him. But a new set
of gentlemen have been elected, and upon the
precedents the committee have thought proper
that he should be paid for a full Congress.
The precedents are more of them in favor of
paying the other gentlemen for the whole term
of Congress than of depriving them of that
compensation. But they are willing to take it
for one year.
And let me say to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stevenson] that while the State of Ohio
has drawn for each Representative in this Con-
gress the sum of $10,000, Georgia will only be
drawing about half that sum.
Mr. STEVENSON. Ohio elected her Rep-
resentatives, and Georgia did not elect hers;
that is the difference.
Mr. PETERS. As to Mr. Whiteley having
received compensation in the Senate for con-
testing a seat there, we have no right because
a man sits here and earns his salary, and any-
body else has given him anything, whether a
gratuity or otherwise, to deprive him of his
due here.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the gentleman say
that a man should at the same time draw a sal-
ary here as a member of this House and com-
pensation in the Senate as a contestant for a
seat there?
Mr. PETERS. We have compromised with
the delegation already. And as we give Mr.
Young pay fora full term, we thought we ought
to give Whiteley half the allowance, under
the circumstances.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This ques-
tion was referred, not by our wish, to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and we found the law
to be that a man was entitled to his salary from
the time there was a vacancy in bis district 
Mr. STEVENSON. Why did not the Ser-
geant-at-Arms pay them, then?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. He was
entitled to it during the whole time his district
was entitled to a Representative, even though
there was a vacancy in the district-
Mr. RANDALL. Does the gentleman say
that Georgia was entitled to representation all
this time?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. For the
time the district was entitled to representation
and during the time there was a vacancy. You
will find that we but follow the statutes of
Congress.
Mr. STEVENSON. Can the gentleman
turn to them?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes.
Mr. STEVENSON. I want you to do it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow
me tcf say to my friend, who asks me to turn
to a book that I have not before me, that he
can easily find it; there is no trouble about it;
everybody knows it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I say there is no such
statute.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I can
only say to the gentleman that he will find
that one of my colleagues [Mr. Brooks] is
entitled to his pay from the time that Mr.
Boutwell was made Secretary of the Treasury
down to the time he [Mr. Brooks] entered
Congress.
Mr. PETERS. And drew it, too. •
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And drew
it, too, without any objection. It has always
been the law. The only doubt in this case
arose in consequence of the peculiar condition
of Georgia. If Georgia had been a State in
the Union beyond all controversy there never
would have been any question at all, but the
Sergeant-at-Arms would have been bound by
the law of Congress to pay these men. It
seems that Mr. Young is to get more than the
rest of them. Assuming a given time when
Georgia was entitled to representation, the
Committee on the Judiciary has reported in
favor of giving these gentlemen their pay. Now
in regard to Mr. Whiteley, it is true that he
contested a seat in the Senate, and was elected
also a member of this House. For his ex-
penses for contesting a seat in the Senate
that body gave him such compensation as
they chose. I do not know why they did it;
that was their affair. We propose only to
give him pay for the time he served in the
House.
Mr. PETERS. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to offer an amendment?
Mr. PETERS. I cannot yield for an amend-
ment. The whole thing is a compromise.
The question was taken; and there were,
upon a division—ayes 65, noes 24 ■ no quorum
voting.
