1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487'
sir, while the institution was regarded as a
bureau it invariably, year after year, received
$5,000 as a contingent fund, and there never
was any reduction till last year. I assure you,
sir, that the Department has labored under the
most serious disadvantages for the want of a
larger contingent fund. Hence, I desire to ask
the committee to appropriate $5,000 instead
of $2,000 as a contingent fund ; and there I
int<ud to stop in my demands.
I am happy to state that.the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, in a con-
ference with me, has agreed to assent to alt
that I ask, to wit, an increase of the salary of
the botanist to $1,800, one additional clerk
of class three, one additional clerk of class
four, and $5,000 as the contingent fund. If
the House will agree to these propositions,
such action will, so far as I am concerned,
put an end to the strife on this question. I
withdraw my amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Maynakd.
The CHAIRMAN put the question, and said:
The ayes appear to have it.
Mr. DAWES. I trust that after the state-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Wil-
sok,] that he is satisfied without the increase
proposed in this amendment, the House will
not, force it upon him. The gentleman said
he would not ask this increase.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I
have stated distinctly that as the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations had agreed
to give me all that I designed to ask I would
he-perfectly satisfied with that arrangement.
However desirable it might be to have an addi-
tional sum appropriated for the distribution
of seeds, such an increase can be better dis-
pensed with than the additional items which I
have asked. Hence I am satisfied with those
amendments, without anything further.
Mr. DAWES. I hope, therefore, the House
will not vote this addition.
Mr. ROOTS. I hope the House will.
Tliequestion being again taken ontheamend-
uipnt of Mr. Mayxakd, there were—ayes 48,
no *s 42 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. MAYNARD. Iask for a further count.
Mr. DAWES. I think that the gentleman
fiom Tennessee, after what has been said,
ought not to press this amendment.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Maynaiid and
Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 70, noes 53.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For expense of putting up the same, for labor,
bagging, paper, twine, gum, and other liecesssary
materials, 45,000.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I
ask, in accordance with the arrangement of
the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, the changes proposed shall now be
made.
Mr. DAWES. Let the paragraph be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of Agriculture:
For compensation of Commissioner of Agricul-
ture, $3,000; chief clcrk, $2,000; entomologist, $2,000;
chemist, §>2,000; assistant chemist, $1,600; superin-
tendent of experimental garden and grounds, $2,000;
statistician, 82,000; disbursing clerk. $1,800; super-
intendent of seed-room, £1,800; librarian, §1,800;
botanist, $1,400; three clerksof class four,four clerks
of'class three, six clerks of class two, seven clerks of
class one; engineer, $1,400; superintendent of fold-
ing-room, $1,200; assistant superintendent of garden
and grounds 81,200; assistant superintendent of
seed-room, $1,200; tbree copyists, at £900 cacti; two
attendants in museum, at $1,000 each; chief messen-
ger.$850; two assistant messengers, at $720 each; one
carpenter, at $960; three watchmen, at $720 each ; and
eight laborers, at$720 each; making, in all, $70,870.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move in line nine
hundred and fifty-one to strike out ''three"
and insert "four," so it will read "fourclerks
of'class four."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move in line nine
hundred and fifty-two to strike out "four" and
insert "five," so it will read "five clerks of
class three."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For keep of horses, $1,500.
Mr. GRISWOLD. ' I move to strike that
out, and I do it merely for the purpose of
ascertaining what is the necessity of keeping
these horses under that Department.
Mr. CRBBS. Does the gentleman want an
answer ?
Mr. GRISWOLD. Certainly; I will yield for
an answer.
Mr. CREBS. They are used in hauling
around the public grounds. If we do not pro-
vide for the keep of the horses we shall have
to provide for hiring them.
Mr. GRISWOLD. How many horses are
there?
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. There are six horses.
Mr. CREBS. And they are kept constantly
employed in the public service.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For miscellaneous and incidental items, $2,000.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move to strike out
"two" and insert "five," so it will read
"$5,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows;
Bureau of Education;
For Commissioner of Education, $3,000; one clerk,
at. $1,800; one clerk. at$l,600; one clerk, at$l,400; one
messenger, at $840; stationery, $600; library, $1,000;
collecting statistics and writing and compiling mat-
ter for annual and specialreports, $3,000; contingen-
cies, $1,260; in all, $11,500.
Mr. ALINELL. I move to strike that out,
and in lieu thereof to iusert the following :
Bureau of Education :
For Commissioner of Education, $3,000; oneclerk,
at $1,800; one clerk, at $1.6tl0: one translator, at
$1,000; one statistician, at $1,600; one librarian, at
$1,400; one clerk, at §1,400; three copyists, at $900
each ; one messenger, at $840; one employe in fold-
ing-room, at $S00: stationery, $1,000; library, $1,000;
collecting statistics and writing and compiling mat-
ter for annual and special reports, and for publish-
ing monthly circulars of information, $7,000 ; con-
tingencies, ^1,260; in all, $30,000.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment has the
approval of the Committee on Education and
Labor, on the principle that this department
should be maintained effectively. The House,
last session, took a good step in this direction,
and I hope they will follow it up by including
this amount, which is necessary to successfully
carry on this bureau. The sum asked is a very
small one, amounting entirely to but $30,000,
and I hope this amount will be voted in, be-
cause no money can be more wisely expended
for all parts of the country than that expended
for the purposes of education. In my own sec-
tion, in the South, it is an absolute, an imper-
ative necessity that this Bureau of Education
should be sustained. To show what has already
been accomplished by this bureau I will state
what was the work done in the Bureau of Edu-
cation during the quarter ending December
31, 1870. In round numbers, four thousand
communications and three thousand five hun-
dred packages of pamphlets, &c., were sent,
and two thousand five hundred communica-
tions received. In addition to this, a report
of six hundred closely-printed pages was pre-
pared (all but about forty pages) and printed
with the executive documents for the year.
That was the work of one quarter.
Mr. Chairman, we have just passed the
appropriations for the Department of Agri-
culture, amounting in the bill as reported, as
appears from tables which I hold in my hand,
to $147,670. I ask gentlemen to contrast this
with the $14,500 here asked for the Depart- '
ment of Education. And to the $147,070 is
to be added the further amount voted to-day.
I may state, also, in order to show that the
amount asked for is a very reasonable one,
that to the Navy Department was appropri-
ated last session, for preparing and publish-
ing charts, nautical books, and liydrographie
information, $20,000; for the Nautical Alma-
nac, $18,500; for the Naval Observatory,
$19,000. The State Department has forty
diplomatic officers in foreign countries, the
expense of each of which is larger than that
of the Bureau of Education. The expense
for twine alone in the Post Office Department'
is $35,000. The, expense of the government
of the Territories is $224,700, and not one
cent is appropriated for education there. The
contingent expenses of the Adjutant General's
office alone are $15,000—a, larger sum than
we arc asked to vote for this Department. JIn
view of these and similar facts, I hope the
House will grant this very modest appropria-
tion of $30,000 for the Bureau of Education.
I trust that for education there will be ex-
pended at least as much as is expended for
wrapping-paper and twine in the Post Office
Department.
Mr. ROGERS. Though I was opposed
originally to this Bureau of Education, I take
it it is now the settled policy of the Govern-
ment to have this bureau ; and it seems to me
that it is necessary that a larger appropriation
be now made for this purpose than tho appro-
priation which was made last year. The ap-
propriation now made amounts to nothing,
so far as doing anything to advance the public
interest is concerned. It is about enough to
pay a man to stay in the bureau and watch the
books there, and to attend to the office; but it
is not enough to do any good whatever for the
object for which the bureau was organized, t
would remark, sir, that this question has been
before the Committee on Education and Labor
for some time. In some observations which I
addressed to the House last session, I said
that,, if it was the pleasure of the House to
maintain a Bureau of Education, then the
amount appropriated should be increased hy
at least $15,000. Therefore what my friend
from Tennessee, [Mr. Arnell,] the chairman
of the committee, has suggested, meets my
approbation, if, as I have said, it is the sense
of the House that an institution of this kind
shall be carried on by the General Govern-
ment. At the same time, as I said before, I
am opposed to an institution of this kind
being carried on by the Government. I am
not opposed to education, but I am opposed
to the General Government undertaking to
educate the people.
Mr. PIIOSSER. I desire to say, in reply
to the gentleman from Arkansas who has just
addressed the committee, that I, too, am in
favor of a much largee sum being appropriated
for the use of the Bureau of Education, for the
reason that I believe 
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order.
Is not debate exhausted on the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate isexhausted on
the pending amendment. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. ProsserJ can only speak by
moving another amendment.
Mr. PROSSER. I move, then,to strikeout
the last word. I hope the time will come be-
fore a great while, and I expect to live to see
it, when we shall have in this Government cab-
inet officers whose duties it shall be to advance
the interests of commerce, education, labor,,
and other interests directly connected with the
general welfare of the community. Such a
state of things will be more iti consonance with
the fact that Governments ought, to b.e carried
on upon the principle of trained intellect in-
stead of being carried on by the element of
brute force. I hope that instead of voting
millions and millions of dollars ?very year for
the War Department and the Navy Depart-
ment and other Departments, which are based
upon the principle that Government ought, to
be conducted upon the idea of brute force
instead of intellect, we shall have a Govern-
ment based on the element of intellect.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish very much that,
every member of this committee would ex a mini?
the able report of the Commissioner of Educa-
tion, which I hold in my hand. J am positive
that every member would be convinced by -an
