1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1927
Mr. A TIN ELL: On Mrs. Woodhull's me-
morial.
Mr. CHAVES: On the act to enable the
people of New Mexico to form a State gov-
ernment.
Mr. HARRIS: On Southern Pacific rail-
road bill.
Mr. JULIAN: On the swamp-land bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE: On the bill (H. R. No.
2892) to provide a mode of paying pensions;
also, on the bill to give a right of action in
certain cases; also, on the bill to enforce
amShdments to the Constitution.
Mr. MAYIIAM: On the aggressive and un-
constitutional policy of the Republican party.
Mr. McNEELY: On the subject of the res-
olution reported by the Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor, relating to the investigation
of certain charges preferred against General
O. O. Howard as Commissioner of the Freed-
men's Bureau.
Mr. SARGENT: On the Southern Pacific
railroad.
[For the above speeches see Appendix.]
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
By unanimous consent, leave was given to
withdraw papers from the files of the House
as follows:
Mr. STOKES: Papers in the case of Mrs.
Mary Ripley. Also, papers in the case of J.
D. Lestore. Also, papers in the case of G.
L. Gillespie.
Mr. JULIAN: Petition of citizens of Wash-
ington Territory, in relation to Pacific Railroad
Company.
Mr. BIRD: Papers in the case of Mrs.
Elizabeth Renshaw. Also, papers in the case
of M. H. Judd.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee: Papers in the
case of Jones, Brown & Co.
Mr. McKENZlE: Papers in the case of
William Hughes.
Mr. McKEE: Papers in the case of Green-
wood Le Flore. Also, papers in the case of
Reuben Denny.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: Petition
of citizens of Boston in relation to American
ship building and commerce.
Mr. BOLES: Petition in the case of Logan
H. Roots.
Mr. STEVENSON : Papers in the case of
Ann M. llodefer.
Mr. TAYLOR: Papers in the case of Wil-
liam Biiesh, Peter Huagland, and George St.
James.
Mr. TYNBR: Papers in the case of Julius
Frank.
JIOHISYS PAID INTO UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In behalf
of the Committee of Ways and Means, I ask the
House to pass House bill No. 2373, in relation
to moneys paid into the United States courts.
The bill was read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United State* of America in Congress assem-
bled, That all moneys in the registry of any court of
the United States, or in the bands or under the con-
trol of any officer of such court, which were received
in any causc pending or adjudicated in such court,
shall, within thirty davs after the pas^ageof this act,
be deposited with the Treasurer, an A.wtanb Treas-
urer, or a designated depositary of the U pi ted otates,
in the name and to the credit of such court; and
all such moneys which are hereafter paid into such
courts or received by t'ne officers thereof shall be
forthwith deposited in like manner: Provided, that
nothing herein shall be construed to prevent the
delivery of any such money upon security, accord-
ing to agreement of parties, under the direction oi
the court. _ , „„ ,
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Ihat no mon<\v
deposited as aforesaid shall be withdrawn except by
order of the judge or judges of said cpurts, respect-
ively, in term or in vacation, to be signed by such
judge or judges, and to be entered and curtiiiea ot
record by the clerk, and every such order shall state
the cause in or on account of which it is drawn.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, That at each regu-
lar and stated session of said courts the cleiks thereot
shall present an accountto said courtsof all moneys
remaining therein, or subject to the order thereot,
stating in'detail in wliatcauses said moneys are de-
posited and in what causes payments have been
made, which account aud the vouchers thereot shall
^SecIVUAnd be it further enacted, That if any clerk
or other officer of a court of the United States shall
deposit a.ny money belonging in the registry of the
court, in violation of this act, or shall retain or con-
vert any such money to his own use, or to the use of
any other person, he shall be deemed guilty of em-
bezzlement, and, on conviction, shall be punished
by afine of not less than $500 and not more than the
amount embezzled, or by imprisonment for a term
not less than one year nor more than tea years, or
both, at the discretion of the court.
Seo. 5. And be it further enacted. That if any person
shall knowingly receive from a clerk or other officer
of a courtof the United States any money belonging
in the registry of said court, as a deposit loan, or
otherwise, in violation of this act, he shall bedeemed
guilty of embezzlement, and shall be punished as
provided in the last preceding section.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That the act
entitled "An act directing the disposition of money
paid into the courts of the United States," approved
April 18,1814, and the act supplementary thereto,
approved March3,1817, bo. and the same are hereby,
repealed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask to
have read a paragraph fr'om a letter which will
explain this matter.
The Clerk read as follows:
"In Brightley's Digest, United States Laws, paste
137, chapter 'clerks of courts,' you will find an old
law passed in 1817, yet unrepealed, which directs that
all moneys paid into court shall be deposited in a
United States bank or a State bank, the practical
effect of which is that deposits cannot now be made
eitherwith an Assistant Treasurer or national bank,
but with such State banks as may exist, without
regard to their credit or condition."
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to suggest an amendment? It is to strike
out the words "or a designated depositary,"
so that this money shall be deposited either
with the Treasurer of the United States or with
one of the Assistant Treasurers of the United
States.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. There
might be an inconvenience in that.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman will notice
that he allows thirty davs for this deposit.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I have
no objection to the amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I think the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will not insist on the amendment
when he reflects that in many States in which
there are United States courts there are no
sub-Treasuries.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman will ob-
serve that there is a limitation as to the time
within which they shall make the deposits.
They may do it within thirty days. Now, I
do not want that this money which does not
belong to the Government at all shall be traded
upon, and therefore it should be deposited
where it can be safely kept free from any risk.
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will not insist that the United States
circuit court in Iowa shall be compelled to
deposit its funds at Chicago or Cincinnati?
Mr. RANDALL. Certainly. In thirty days
they can reach those points.
Mr. ALLISON. It would be outside of the
jurisdiction of the court. That would be a
most extraordinary proposition.
Mr. RANDALL. I would notenact a Uni-
ted States law to put private money into the
hands of people who propose to lend it oat
upon securities that the owners of the money
know nothing about.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. They
now have the right of depositing it in State
banks.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman who has
charge of this bill does notobject to myamend-
ment.
Mr. ALLISON. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] thinks it proper to
allow money to be taken from the jurisdiction
of the court, as it would be if the money is
compelled to be taken into another State for
deposit-
Mr. RANDALL. It is only to be put in care
of a United States officer who has no right
whatever to trade on it. You propose to pot
it, in the hands of private people who shall
profit from the use of it.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 do not propose to do any-
thing about it. I do not care much whether the
bill passes or not.
Mr. RANDALL. I understood you to argue
in that direction.
Mr. ALLISON. I am in favor of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I understood the gentle-
man who has charge of the bill to accept my
amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not think it, proper to
carry the money beyond the jurisdiction of the
court. The court ought to have jurisdiction of
this money.
Mr. RANDALL. It has jurisdiction.
Mr. LOGAN. The bill is all right as it is.
Mr. RANDALL. If my amendment is not
accepted I shall know that there is some cat
in the meal.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
accept the amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I hope the House
will vote it down.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a word ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, this bill
is a modification of a bill which I introduced
in this House "in relation to trust funds,"
which was referred to the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws, and by that committee
reported back and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means. Some provision ought to
be made for the disposition of moneys paid
into courts, and which is required to await the
resultsof litigation. The courts, of course, have
some powers on this subject; necessarily 80.
But large sums of money should not be kept
idle. 1 very much prefer the original bill
which I introduced. I have already given my
views to the House on that,, and I cannot now
repeat them. But if that bill cannot now be
passed, then let us have the one now reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means. It
is designed to accomplish in part the purpose
of the bill which I introduced. All over the
country there is great need for a law on this
subject. I would prefer that all money should
be deposited with the Government, if the bill
could be modified in that way.
The question was then taken on the motion
to suspend the rules and to pass the bill; and
upon a division, there were—ayes 71, noes 33;
no quorum voting.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELDR1DGE moved that there be a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
ord er.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Not in order, in the
absence of a quorum Y
The SPEAKER. That is the very question
the House is about to determine.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hooper, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Fox were appointed.
The House again divided: and the tellers
reported thai there were—ayes 108, noes 17.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill passed.
MESSAGE JltOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, hy Mr. Sympsos,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate
further insisted upon its disagreement to the
amendments of the House to Senate bill No.
878, to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish and declare the railroad and bridges
of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga
Railroad Company as hereafter constructed a
post route, and for other purposes," approved
March 2, 1868, agreed to the further confer-
ence asked by the House upon the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Spencer, Mr. Harris, and Mr.
Ames the conferees on the part of the Senate.
PAY OF VIRGINIA MEMBERS.
Mr. PETERS. I move to suspend the rules
and to pass a resolution in relation to the^pay
of the members of this House from the State
of Virfitiia. It is a resolution to give them the
same pay that the other members of the House
receive.
