490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
and who do not draw their salaries directly
from (he Treasury, you will find that we have
from seventy-five to eighty thousand officers
tinder this Government, to-day of one sort or
other. And yet gentlemen now propose that
the Government shall take charge of the sub-
jept of education, and then ultimately add
thousands more.
Mr. PROSSER. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky whether he can tell us
how many children in his State are to day
without the means of education?
Mr.' BECK. I can obtain that information
from the auditor of ray State, and so can the
gentleman from his. The States themselves
are competent to manage this business. They
always have done so. They can collect in-
formation on this subject just as well as your
Commissioner can. The information can be
readily obtained from the auditor's reports of
the various States. And that is the way the
Commissioner here learns all he knows, and
throw's it out again in his reports.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Will the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Prosser] tell us how
many children in Tennessee will be educated
by the circulation of this big book published
by the department of education ?
Mr. BBCIC. I can answer that. It will not
assist in the education of a single one. Let
me have the benefit of the few minutes allowed
me.
Mr. PROSSER. We can tell how many
children need to be educated. And in answer
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
wortii,] I desire simply to say that the State of
Illinbis received over one million acres ofpublic
land for the benefit of her public schools ; and
that grant is the basis of the prosperity of the
State of Illinois to-day. Common gratitude
on the part of the people of Illinois ought to
induce them to concede something to the peo-
ple of the South, who have not received any
such donations for the purpose of education.
There are thousands and tens of thousands of
children in the States of Kentucky, Tennessee,
and every other southern State, who have to-
day no means of education.
Mr. BECK. I have only to say that I be-
lieve this department does not accomplish or
propose to accomplish the purpose that gentle-
' men on the other side seem to think it does.
It does not educate anybody, and does not
profess to do so. It does not even profess to
give any information which any intelligent man
cannot obtain from his own State officials, i
Why should we swell the already tremendously
large number of officers of this Government?
I am against the policy of the Government
taking charge of the affairs of the people where
the people can as well attend to them them-
selves. We do not live under a personal Gov-
ernment, like the Governments of Europe,
where the people are nothing and the Govern-
ment everything. Our people are supposed to
be able to manage for themselves everything
connected'with their local and personal inter-
ests. The Government of the United States was
designed to have jurisdiction only of those gen-
eral matters which could not safely be left to
Slate control. This bill does not propose to
take from the States the control of the subject
of education. A prior Congress has wisely
abolished the department of education; and
we ought not now to magnify this bureau by
adding to it a swarm of officials who can be of
no advantage to the people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Chairman, I do not think
that all the members of the House are aware
of what is going on this very year in the rest
of"the world in regard to this matterof national
education. Just about the time when we
adjourned last summer, England, finding her
manufactures were sinking in rank, established
a system of universal public education. Prussia
entered upon a war with the first military Power
in Europe, and overcame her merely, as was
declared by Mr. Gladstone, in an able article
which I hold in my hand, by virtue of the
superiority of her common-school education.
Now, sir, while these two countries are tat
instances of the policy which is prevailing in
Europe, America is fast going backward.
There are to-day, Mr. Chairman, more ignor-
ant children in the District of Columbia than
in the whole kingdom of Sweden. There are
to-day eight hundred thousand persons in the
Territories and in the District of Columbia,
under the exclusive jurisdiction of Congress,
of whom less than forty thousand are being
educated in schools. Forty thousand out of
eight hundred thousand persons are all that
are being educated in schools where the flag of
the United States is the symbol of the exclusive
jurisdiction of this Government. England
said,." We want men to work for us, and to do
so they must be thoroughly educated." Prussia
said, "We want men to fight for us, and to do it
they must be thoroughly educated." America
says, "We want men to govern us, but they need
not be educated at all." We have thought
best to lift into the ranks of freemen by con-
stitutional enactment upward of four million
new citizens, and all over the South they are
stretching out their hands to this Government,
saying, "Tell us how we may acquire the
information and intelligence which will enable
us to discharge these high functions,"
Mr. MANNING. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. HOAR. I have not time just now ; but
I will yield to the gentleman in a moment, as
soon as I have completed my statement.
Now, sir, these poor men do not know how
to set to work to organize a common-school
system, and they apply to the nation which
has imposed on them these exalted preroga-
tives to give them the means of acquiring for
themselves the necessary instruction. They
want to know the best methods from the
bureau in its communications with the foreign
Governments. They want to know all the best
methods which the bureau can collect together
and collate from the experience of the older
States. While we are expending $175,000
to circulate pumpkin seeds and cabbage seeds
there are gentlemen who grudge $30,000 to
circulate necessary information for the pro-
duction of brains. I will now hear the gen-
tleman from North Carolina.
Mr. MANNING. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts how much of land or money
that side of the House is willing to give to the
people of North Carolina for the purpose of
education?
Mr. HOAR. I will, for one, vote for the
largest sum which any gentleman dares to rise
here and propose, to educate the people of
North Carolina or the people of any other
State.
Mr. MANNING. Will the gentleman vote
with me to appropriate a million acres of the
public land for that purpose ?
Mr. HOAR. I will vote land or money. I
do not forget, sir, that the vote of the poorest
negro in North Carolina to-day amounts to as
much as the vote of the distinguished chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, or the
vote of the Speaker of the House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I move, in line ten hundred
and twenty-five, to strike out "three" and
insert "eight," so it will read "collecting
statistics' and writing and compiling matter
for annual and special reports, $8,000." Mr.
Chairman, the difference between my amend-
ment and the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Auxelt,] is just this :
it gives this bureau $8,000, while his gives it
but $7,000, for the purposes for which the
bureau was founded.
,Mr. ARNELL. I will accept the amend-
ment so far as that is concerned..
Mr. DAWES. The difference between my
amendment and the gentleman's amendment
is as I have stated it. It gives $1,000 more
for the legitimate purposesofthebureau, while
it saves on the gentleman's own amendment
some $7,500. He puts $8,500 upon officials
in the department; and now, I submit, the
department will be stronger with $8,000 for
the diffusion of information, and to carry out
its legitimate purpose, than with the balance
devoted exclusively to officials.
I am for giving the Department every dollar
that can be voted for it; and I am for shield-
ing it and making it strong. I am for building
it up by degrees. And I submit to the friends
of the Department and to the Commissioner
himself that it will stand stronger in this House
and before the country if all the increase we
give for it were devoted to its legitimate work
and not to adding a number of offices. Let us
say by our action that we desire the Depart-
ment and its officers to be in a position that they
shall work and not play. There must be not
only no supernumerary, but nobody should
have any occasion to say that there is a super-
numerary. I ask, therefore, the friends of this
proposition to be content with $1,000 more
than they ask for the legitimate work of the
Department, and to forego these offices until
the Department is strong and demonstrates by
its work and by the fruits of its work that i t has
such a hold upon the people and the country
that its future is assured.
Let me tell the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Arnell] that one year ago this Depart-
ment trembled in the balance of an uncertain
and precarious existence. It was but just saved
once by a point of order raised by myself. And
I want to see it grow up on a foundation that
will not be moved. I therefore ask gentlemen
to take this amount, which will be sufficient
for the proper work of the Department, and in
the mean time save the inconvenience which
they say is experienced from the excessive
number of officials in other Departments.
Mr. CONNER. Mr. Chairman, I have lis-
tened very attentively to this discussion, and
from what I have been able to gather I cannot
but conclude that this Bureau of Education is
a little sprig or offshoot of the Freedmen's
Bureau, which was organized during the war
or about its close, and the political history of
which is so familiar to the country, the frauds
and corruptions which surrounded it making
it so odious, that its friends upon this floor
were compelled to vote for its abolition.
I would like to know what practical benefits
can result to any system of Government by the
establishment of a Bureau of Education con-
trolled by officers of the General Government.
Each State provides, in its constitution or its
laws, for the education of its youth, and this
bureau does not presume to relieve the State
institutions already established. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boar,] in dis-
cussing this question, laid great stress on the
prevalence of ignorance throughout the coun-
try, and told the House that, as a nation, we
were progressing backward. I am free to
admit that since the days of the establishment
of Freedmen's Bureaus and Bureaus of Edu-
cation, controlled by partisans and run in the
interests of party, and not in the interests of
education, we have been progressing back-
ward ; that we have progressed from what
was once an acknowledged right guarantied by
the Constitution to the several States of the
Union to a centralized power which presumes
to usurp the constitutional rights guarantied to
every State. We have progressed from law
to disorder in many sections of the countty
under the particular auspices of this Bureau
of Education.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word. I do so for the purpose of bringing
under the attention of the House a comparison
between the Department'of Agriculture and the
Bureau of Education. We sustain at the seat
of Government, and are sustained by the peo-
ple of the United States in doing so, a Depart-
ment of Agriculture. It is not supposed that
