1928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to debate.
Mr. PETERS. I mast state what the reso-
lution is; it ia so that we may not discriminate
against Virginia.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not want to dis-
criminate against Virginia. But if the gentle-
man will only give me ten minutes  
Mr. PETERS. I cannot do that; it is a
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then you cannot pass it.
The question was then taken; and upon
a division, there were—ayes 46, noes 29; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Peters and
Mr. Stevenson were appointed.
Mr; PLATT. I want to know if this House is
going to discriminate against Virginia. Every
precedent is in favor of this proposition.
Mr. STEVENSON. Give me ten minutes
and I will not object further.
Mr. PETERS. I had to move to suspend
the rules; I cannot, of course, yield to debate.
Mr. STEVENSON. I can show that this
is in violation of law.
Mr. PLATT. I object to debate ; the gen-
tleman objected to allowing me five minutes
when I asked for it.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 101, noes 37.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the resolution was
adopted.
origination of revenue bills.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a privileged question and call up the report of
the committee of conference on the question of
the relative rights-of the two Houses in regard
to the origination of revenue bills. I ask that
the resolution appended to the report of the
committee be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
llenolved. That this House maintains that, it is its
solo and exclusive privilege to originate all bills
(lu'octly affocting the rovenue, whether such bills be
for the imposition, reduction, or repeal of taxes;
and lti the exercise of this privilege, in the first in-
stance, to hmitand appoint tiie ends, purposes, con-
siderations, and limitations of such bills, whether
relating to the matter, manner, measure, or time of
their introduction, suhjcct to the right of the Sen-
ate to " propose or concur with amendments, as on
other bills."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do not
propose to oeeupy the time of the House by
any discussion, as the report of the committee
sets forth their views on this subject; but 1
wish to call attention to the important fact that
nineteen States, represented by thirty-eight
Senators, constituting a majority of the Senate,
have only fifty-three members in the House of
Representatives, while the remaining eighteen
States, having thirty-six Senators, have one
hundred and ninety members in the House of
Representatives. The States of N ew York and
Pennsylvania have more members in the House
than nineteen States, constituting a majority
of the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Qhio. .Will thegentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] yield
to rriL' for a fevv moments V
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Cer-
tainly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
regard this as a most, important report on a
subject most vitally affecting the rights of this
House. I have prepared, with such care and
deliberation as I could give, a very careful
statement of the history of the clause of the
Constitution now in question (which was bor-
rowed from the British constitution) and the
precedents on the subject from the First Con-
gress down to the present time. Rather than
take the time of the House, I will ask leave to
print these remarks. 1 wish to say merely that
the House lias never at any time, so far as 1 can
find, when the matter was challenged or called
up, surrendered the right claimed in the reso-
lution now pending; and if any House should
ever make such surrender, I should look upon
it as a dark day for the liberties of the coun-
try.
There being no objection, leave to print was
granted. [See Appendix.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will my
colleague yield to me for a moment?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The rule
of the British constitution is expressed sub-
stantially in this form : the king's taxes are so
many only as are necessary to carry on his
Government; therefore to remit or takeoff any
tax requires that a new impost shall be made
upon some other of the property of the king's
subjects; therefore the commonalty will never
consent that the lords shall designate or point
out the property of the king's subjects upon
which this liability shall be imposed, because
they might designate what should not be taxed.
In other words, cutting off one tax is in fact
always equivalent, in contemplation of law, to
raising another.
Mr. HOOPER, ofMassachusetts. Inowyield
to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison.]
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish
to detain the House; I only desire to say that
whether this question be settled by the analo-
gies of the British constitution and the cus-
toms of the British Parliament, or whether it
be settled in view of the compromises which
were made when our own Constitution was
established, it seems to me clear that, by the
letter and the spirit of the Constitution, all
bills directly affecting the subject of taxation,
whether for the imposition or the remission of
taxes, should originate in the House of Repre-
sentatives.
It is said in the Senate, by way of support-
ing the position of that body, that the power
of amendment, as conferred in the Constitu-
tion, gives that body control over this class of
bills. Now, it may be that the power of the
House of Representatives in this respect is a
small power, or it may be a great power; but
whatever it is I believe it to be the duty of this
House to insist upon the full measure of that
power. The committee thereforehave reported
a resolution which they believe covers fully
the privileges of this House with reference to
the question of taxation, which I trust will be
adopted.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I concur fully
in the remarks just made by the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Allison ;] and I will say in
addition that I look upon this as one of the
most important questions ever presented to
the consideration of the House of Represent-
atives. The assumption of power by the
Senate in this case strikes at the very funda-
mental organization of this House ; it reaches
the very foundation of the legislative depart-
ment of the Government; and I hope the
resolution reported by this committee will
receive the unanimous indorsement of the
House, so that our position may be maintained
with all possible emphasis.
The time has arrived when the popular
branch of the Government of this country must
maintain its authority, when the power cen-
tered in the Executive, when the power cen-
tered in the higher branch of Congress which
represents a very small minority of the Ameri-
can people, shall yield up the prerogative which
belongs to this body. The President and Sen-
ate already hold the power of appointment.
They already hold the power of ratification of
treaties. They already attempt to determine
in the treaty-making po'werall questions which
conclude this branch, so far as voting money
and so far as the tariff are concerned. There-
fore, I think, sir, the time has arrived when
we should have no division among ourselves
in maintaining the rights which under the Con-
stitution and by the popular voice of the coun-
try we are honestly entitled to.
I have said this much, sir, with the hope
that I might have some influence at least upon
one or two gentlemen upon this side of the
House, that we may vote with entire unanim-
ity on the resolution reported by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
now yield to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to discuss
this question, but merely ask the privilege of
saying a word. I indorse what has been said,
and I indorse fully the report which has been
made by the Committee of Ways and Means.
While I do that, I believe that I havejfied
strenuously to live up to it. While this House
will indorse it unanimously, I have to say,
however, that while this is a beautiful theory
still the House does not live v p to it. We
have had an exemplification of the manner in
which we live up to it to-night. An appro-
priation bill comes within the spirit and mean-
ing and construction of the Constitution given
by this report, and yet this House passes
appropriation bills and lets tbem go to the
Senate, and instead of holding the Senate to
a strict rule, we adopt such appropriations as
come to us from the Senate, put on by that
body and differing in toto from the bill sent
to them. We send appropriation bills to the
Senate and they come back loaded with amend- ■
ments, and you vote them all in. You have
done it to-night. I have fought it every time
it has been done. I am only sorry to say that
while the theory promulgated in this resolution
is beautiful, still it is one we do not stand up
to in this House. Whenever we have come to
the vote the House has never had the nerve to
stand up against loading down our appropria-
tion bills with these amendments put on by the
Senate. I am sorry that it is so. I do not
care how it will be next week. I believe the
House has this right. It is their prerogative
and their right, and the House ought to stand
up to it better than they do.
Mr. STEVENSON. How will it be next
week ?
Mr. LOGAN. Now, or next week, my posi-
tion on this question will be the same.
Mr. CONGER. Does the gentleman hold
that the House only has the right to make
appropriation bills?
Mr. LOGAN. I did not say that. I say
the appropriation bills come within the con-
struction of the Constitution as given by the
Committee of Ways and Means. I said so
then, and I say so yet.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wiil
now yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Eldridge.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE addressed the House. His
remarks are withheld for revision.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Sargent.]
Mr. SARGENT. I suppose it is nearly
timeforgentlemen to cease lecturing the House
as to its votes after those votes have been
cast. I would like to say this, however, in
reply : that after our action on the report of
the committee of conference on the appropri-
ation bill it went to the Senate, and there on
the question of concurrence it was fiercely
assailed. It was alleged there, as I am in-
formed, that as in every case the House had
prevailed in all material points, that the Sen-
ate conferees had displayed a lack of back-
bone which, so it was alleged, was peculiar to
Senate conferees, that they had backed down
in their position and allowed the House to
triumph once again. Now, there was another
appropriation bill a day or two ago in regard
to which I had the honor to be a conferee on
the part of the House—the Indian appropri-
ation bill—and what was the result there?
The Senate has four years insisted on its right
to make treaties with straggling Indian bands.
But the House at length succeeded, and won a
great truinph for itself, for its dignity, and for
the interest of economy in expenditures. The
Senate gave up that doubtful power.
Now, I say that the gentleman from Illinois
