1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1920
[Mr. Logan] has no right to lecture the House
or to lecture me for assenting to legislation on
an appropriation bill, when he himself allowed
a report to be brought forward, signed by him-
self, on the Army appropriation bill, where he
assented to a provision inserted by the Senate
that the full interest on the bonds of the Uni-
ted States held by the Pacific railroads should
not be paid, but that one bait'of the transport-
ation money earned of the Government, con-
trary to the opinion of the Attorney General
of the United States, must be paid back to the
companies, even though the money was in the
hands of the Government. I do not criticise
that action ; I do not assail the motives which
prompted it; but I say that, having signed a
report containing a legislative provision not
germane to the bill, and having yielded to the
Senate in permitting its retention, it is not for
that gentleman to undertake to lecture me or any
one else for the report on the legislative bill.
Furthermore, that same conference report on
that same Army appropriati on bill, signed by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] consti-
tuteda new courtorcommission, and contained
an appropriation to carry it out, which is to
examine, into all the quartermasters' claims in
the southern States, a commission of extraor-
dinary powers, and which will cost the Govern-
ment millions, a matter entirely foreign to the
Army appropriation bill. That was an amend-
ment put on the bill by the Senate and in which
the House non-concurred, and the commit-
tee of conference came here and reported in
its favor. Yet the gentleman singled out the
legislative appropriation bill for attack when
the report was made, and now recurs to it to
attack the committee for assenting to it, because
there was one item of the Senate out of many
retained which does not suit him.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. This debate
is all out .of order.
Mr. LOGAN. I claim the right, if the
gentleman from Massachusetts will allow me
a moment, to reply to what the gentleman
from California has said in reference to me. I
desire to say that there is nothing further from
me than trying to deliver lectures to this House,
nor do I desire to deliver lectures to the gen-
tleman from California. I am certainly not
capable of doing any such thing, because I
think that if there is one man in this House
who cannot be lectured it certainly is the gen-
tleman, for there is no man in the House so
modest as he is. He seldom ever speaks, he
is seldom on the floor, and he never lectures
anybody, never talks about anything. Why,
sir, the gentleman was not in my mind when 1
was talking about appropriation bills. I had
no thought of him. Does the gentleman think
that he is the only man who was on the com-
mittee ; that he is the only man that is talked
about or talked to? I would like to know, sir.
My remark was general. I said that the House
had never stood up to this principle. That
was what I said. I did not say that they had
failed to do it to night. I said they never
had done it. I said that this resolution was
splendid in theory, but that the House had
never stood by it, and I stated a further fact
that the House to-night had. not stood by it.
I said that merely as evidence of the fact. I
did not lecture the gentleman any more than
I lectured myself, not one particle; and I am
astonished that he takes everything to himself.
He seems to think that every thing which is
said must apply to him.
The gentleman speaks about the conference
report on the Army bill, and says that I signed
it. Why, sir, I have signed numerous reports
in this House. I have been on many commit-
tees of conference and I have agreed to many
things, but that does not make them right. My
remarks applied to myself as much as to any-
body else, and I was only, while indorsing the
report of the Committee of Ways and Means,
atthesame timegiving the House, ifthey would
accept it in a good-natured way, a warning that
they ought at last to stand by what they are
resolved to-night that they will do, inasmuch as
they never have done it. The gentleman from
California seems to have had a kind of desire
for the last day or two to get a chance to knife
me, for one reason or other. Well, that is all
right. I am perfectly willing.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken. His imagination is diseased.
Mr. LOGAN. I am quite willing that the
gentleman should enjoy himself in that way.
I am delighted to see that he enjoys himself.
I have seen boys before who would strike at
anybody to show their muscle and their quali-
fications in a quarrel. I have seen these things
often in school and elsewhere outside of the
Halls of Congress. If the gentleman can
receive any consolation by the sharp things he
said of me, by the smart things he said, by the
sarcasm he has used, by the immense amount
of brains that he has exercised, by the manner
in which he has exhibited himself in reference
to what I have «aid, I am only gratified that
he shall take that consolation, because no man
in the House is better pleased with himself
than the gentleman from California is when he
does accidentally say a smart thing. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SARGENT. I would simply remark
that if the gentleman does not mend his man-
ners they will probably be mended for him in
the Senate. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. When did you get to be a
schoolmaster? [Laughter.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. This discnssion, it seems
to me, has digressed a little from the main
question before the House. The question we
are to consider is too grave and too important
to be lightly disposed of. I indorse the reso-
lution of the Committee of Ways and Means
and the report in support of it, and all that has
been said in behalf of the power of this House
to originate measures of taxation. That power
belongs exclusively to this House. It is not
necessary now, after the report which we have
had and the discussion which has taken place,
to go into an elaborate argument in support
of that proposition.
I may say, however, that there are reasons,
valid reasons, upon which this principle rests.
The members of the Senate represent, in some
sense, the several States, while the members
of this House directly represent the people.
The members of this House are responsible
to the people ; they are changed once in every
period of two years, and are presumed to be
better acquainted with the interests and wishes
and feelings of the people than the members
of the Senate possibly can be. The members
of the Senate are changed less frequently and
are less directly responsible to the people.
These are some of the reasons why, as a matter
of policy, this power ought to be reserved to
the House; but there are many others which I
cannot now enumerate.
Then I may say that the Senate, on every
occasion where they possibly could do so, have
very naturally been -grasping for power and
holding it with a grip which requires the exer-
cise of all the ingenuity and all the power in
this branch of Congress to wrest it from them.
I do not say that the House is any less desir-
ous of power or less tenacious of a purpose to
retain it. I do not seek to detract from the
great merits of the Senate. It is the ablest
and most dignified legislative body in the world.
But with all the respect we justly feel for so
able a body of men we cannot disguise from
ourselves the fact that the Senate have assumed
to themselves within the last ten years the
power to dispose of the public lands by so-
called treaties with Indian tribes ; and it is not
yet twenty-four hours since we succeeded in
wresting that power from them by a provision
of law declaring that hereafter no such treaty
should be made. Only a few days since it was
gravely maintained in an able report in the
Senate that they could bind this Government
to pay money without a law enacted by Con-
gress, by treaty with an Indian tribe providing
for the issueof Governmentbonds, thus pledg-
ing the credit of this nation and subjecting the
people to unlimited taxation and unlimited
indebtedness.
Sir, I deny any such power on the part of
the Senate, and I am entirely with the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in declaring that
it is the duty of this House to wrest from the
Senate the claim which they now make, and
I am for preserving all the rights and interests
of the people, by maintaining the exclusive
power of this House to originate revenue
measures, whether they create new taxes, or
reduce, limit, or remove existing taxation. I
know the delicacy of maintaining the power
for ourselves; I do not forget that—
"If self the wavering balance shakes
It'srarely right adjusted."
But this is equally true of the Senate, and the
decision must rest with one, or the other, or
both branches of Congress. Each House is
designed to be a check on the other. But the
power to originate revenue measures, in the
very nature of things, ought to belong exclu-
sively to the House. They represent the peo-
ple, and when the people's Government is to
be provided for, the people's direct represent-
atives should inaugurate the means of doing so.
1 will not travel over the history of the
struggles between the people and the Crown and
nobility in other countries. They are fresh in
our recollection. They furnish us instructive
lessons, and now is the time to settle definitely,
and I trust forever, a great constitutional prin-
ciple. In the name of the Constitution 1 de-
mand that it be settled right. In the name
and on behalf of the people I demand that it
be decided in their interest and on the side of
popular liberty. In the name of the laboring
masses, the toiling millions, I demand that it
be settled in the interest of labor, more directly
represented in this body than in the Senate.
Our stand is taken. We cannot, dare not,
recede. If we do so, the metallic dome, which
surmounts this grand fabric in which we sit,
this Capitol of the Republic, can scarcely save
us from the vengeance of Heaven's lightning,
and the triple walls of granite which surround
us in this magnificent Hall, erected from the
people's treasure and dedicated to "equal law,
which judges and protects," cannot screen us
from the indignant wrath of a wronged and
outraged people. If we falter now constitu-
tional liberty will be imperiled, but if we stand
firm an enduring Republic will testify the justice
of the stand we have taken.
Mr. WELKER. I am afraid we will not all
get a chance to express our opinions upon this
report.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield for two minutes to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Feuriss.]
Mr. FERRISS. Mr. Speaker, the reasons
urged in support of this resolution are to me
entirely unsatisfactory. The impression seems
to prevail that all bills the passage of which
would necessitate the raising of revenue must
originate in the House. Such reasoning would
prevent the Senate from originating pension
bills, bills granting subsidies, and all of a kin-
dred character. In my judgment, that prows-
ion of the Constitution which declares that
all bills for raising revenue shall originate in
the House should be construed strictly. It is
a restraining statute, and nothing can betaken
by intendment. Besides, had it been the
intention of the framera of the Constitution
to prohibit the Senate from originating bills
repealing statutes for raising revenue it would
have been quite as easy to have said so; in
fact, a fair and reasonable construction of the
statute as it is leaves the irresistible inference
that the limitation applies exclusively to bills
for raising revenue, it would have been
as easy and more natural to have said 44 aifect-
in<r the revenue," had such been the intention
of3the law. While 1 have always insisted
upon maintaining the rights of the House and
yielding not one jot or tittle of its prerogatives,
