1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1317
ping the entire machinery of the Academy, for upon
them the daily duties at the institution depended.
Assoon as I learned of the whereabouts of the absen-
tee? I sent for tbem. Their offetfse was undeniable,
and they shrank from a trial. They voluntarily
tendered their resignations, and to spare publicity,
for their sake and the sake of their parents, I fol-
lowed the immemorial custom of the Academy and
urged their acceptance. I have yet to learn that
my course was disapproved by the War Depart-
ment.
I have carried a burden in the effort to harmonize
thesocial relations between the colored ca'det and
his companions no one else has attempted in the
land. That effort will prove a magnitude to any
one who attempts it. It will be realized in Wash-
ington when honorable members are in such close
relations as those under which the cadets live.
I have been the superintendent of the Military
Academy since 186t>, and I became so by no act of
application on my part. Until the introduction of
the colored subject our affairs were successful, even
to my highest aspirations, and had the subject him-
self been purged from some of "the sins which do
so easily beset us" matters might have continued
fo. I have done my whole duty for him without a
mu-mur, and I shall not relax now.
As a son of Indiana 1 proclaim my record to be a
dear one, and I ask ycu to act in this matter with
aJl the lights before yoi<; and I lurther request that
you will gratify me by showing this letter to the
Indiana delegation in both Houses.
With sentiments of esteem, I am, very respect-
fuliy' T. G. PITCHEE,
Colonel First Infantry, JSrev. Brig. Gen'l,
Superintendenx U. S. Military Academy.
Hon. William E. Niblack, United States House of
Itepresentatives, Washington, D. C.
Mr, ASPER. I now yield to the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, I agree with
ray colleague in saying that I regard the edu-
cation furnished by the Military Academy of
great importance and benefit; and if I had
the power I would extend the system of mili-
tary education, furnished at the Academy to a
still greater number of persons than at present.
I have no fault to find with the Army officers
educated there because of their training and
discipline as fighting men and men of scicnce.
On the contrary, among the most valuable,
gallant, and useful officers we have had in the
Army have been educated there. They should
have been so, having been educated for that
very purpose. I am therefore not disposed to
make an attack upon the Military Academy,
or upon men because they were educated there,
and I disclaim all personal hostility to the
graduates and to the Academy.
But here is the point we are called upon
to consider. The virtu? of truthfulness, not
military science, is the point of interest to-day,
and the moral discipline of the institution, not
mere tactics or strategy, has been forced by the
action of students and preceptors upon the
attention of the country. The students have
undertaken to elevate the standard of morals
by acts of disobedience, and the propriety of
this course is the essence of all this difficulty.
I will read the language on the part of these
students. After citing the evidence they go on
to say:
"The events to which tho foregoing statements
relate occurred on the 2d day of January, 1871. The
above is the evidence upon which we acted, and it
showed conclusively to our minds thafcsaeh men as
these were unfit to bear the name and be the asso-
ciates of gentlemen, and were a disgrace to the uni-
form which they wore. Moreover, irotn the manner
in which some members of the fourth class have
been conducting themselves of iatc, and the utter
disregard of the truth which they have evinced,
we judged that a severe example was necessary to
amend this laxity of principle, and that were the
matter to be conducted by the first class it would
have a more deeided eff-ct upon them than would a
regular process by the proper authorities, for their
prevarications would, to a great extent, screen them
from the eyes of tho latter, white little or nothing
could be concealed from those who have every oppor-
tunity of witnessing and hearing of their misde-
meanors."
Mr. Speaker here is an Academy with a
larger corps of teachers in proportion to the
number of students than any other institu-
tion in the United States, and yet it became
necessary for students to take discipline into
their own hands. The students take action on
the question of truthfulness, llyw do tbey do
that!1 In January last, two boys, fur telling
lies and one tor other causes, are put under
arrest b,y the officers in charge. The first class
without waiting for a trial meet, organize, con-
demn, and banish the Offenders at midnight by
violence, by a flagrant disobedience of orders.
Now, what is the moral quality of these acts
on the point of honesty and truthfulness? The
students engaged in the expulsion of these
boys, upon entering the Academy, expressly
promised and took an oath to support the Con-
stitution and laws and to obey the rules and
regulations of the Military Academy. That
promise by disobedience is broken. The very
essence of the act of disobedience is- dishon-
esty, unfaithfulness, and untruthfulness. They
violated the pledge they had solemely made to
their country and in presence of their Maker.
Yet these young men seem to ignore the idea
that they have done any wrong when they
have broken the rules and laws of the Acad-
emy, broken their solemn promise to obey and
submit to the orders and directions of their
superior officers. This is not like the case of
riots or disorders in colleges, where no solemn
promise on oath to yield obedience is exacted
in advance.
In the conduct of the cadet captain is an
instance of the want of a proper appreciation
of truth also. Having been one of those
engaged in expelling these boys, he makes his
morning report that they were absent without
leave. Why did he not report the fact truth-
fully? Why did he not say, according to the
facts, that the three young students had been
driven off? In law and morals we say that the
suppression of the truth is as wrong, as base,
as culpable as the statement of a falsehood.
Suppressio veri stands side by side with sug-
gestio falsi, and the courts of law, when they
adjudicate in cases of fraud, always regard
the suppression of the truth as equivalent to
the declaraton of falsehood. But these young
gentlemen seem to know nothing about a dis-
tinction of that kind ; and their commandant
and superintendent seem to be in the same
category. This report of desertion was based
upon the original unfounded report of absence
without leave. And the War Department is
presumed to act upon the records in its pos-
session, which in this case we now know are
not true.
On the 2d of January the three young stu-
dents commit the offenses for which they are
put under arrest otS the 3d of January. On
that night they are banished by the violence of
the first class. On the 4th of January a report
of absence without leave is made. On that day
the telegram is sent by the superintendent to
Washington that these boys are deserters. On
that very day he is informed they were driven
off, and did notdesert. On the Gth of January
two of the boys come back and are urged by
the commandant to resign at once; they do
so; the resignation is accepted on the 9th; and
after all is over, on the 11th, the superintendent
reports to the War Department that the boys
are not deserters. Why did he not correct
his report at once as to desertion, and not hold
it back a week and until after the resignations
were accepted ?
On the 11th of January the superintendent
made his report to the War Department that
the boys had been driven off. But before that
time their resignation had been accepted, and
accepted on the record standing against them
that they were guilty of desertion. Now, that
first class at West Point ought to understand
that the suppression of truth, or the telling of
a part of the truth, is justas false, just as great
a lie, as the statement of a falsehood com-
pletely fabricated.
Mr. JUDD. Will the-gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. COBURN. Yes, sir.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to know whether the
record shows that the officers of the Academy
have taken any steps to-punish that offense?
Mr. COBURN. I am glad tile gentleman
luts asked me the question. Immediately on
its being ascertained that the two boys of the
fourth class had told lies, they were put under
arrest, and a court-martial ordered; and a tele-
gram was sent to Washington, asking author-
ity to bring the boys before the court-mar-
tial. These two youths, seventeen years of
age, were to be court-martialed. But, when
this cadet captain, who had been educated in
the Academy for four years, makes the report
of absence without leave, On which the tele-
gram to Washington was based, that these
boys were deserters; when he makes that false
report on which these proceedings were based,
and his conduct is indorsed by the first class,
not a word is said about subjecting him or his
classmates to court-martial. None of those
students who had violated their solemn prom-
ises of obedience, not one of them, is ordered
under court-martial: but they are credited
with having acted with ''praiseworthy mo-
tives," in the language of the superintendent.
I say that partiality of that kind is worthy
.of the severest reprehension, and that these
officers who are in charge of the Military
Academy show themselves to be totally inca-
pable of training and instructing their pupils
and leading them in the paths of morals and
virtue, as well as training them in military
tactics and strategy. Aud in view of these
facts, I believe that a resolution of censure
on their conduct should be passed. I would,
if L had the power, inflict some punishment on
those boys of the fourth class. I would punish
the members of the first class more severely;
and the officers of the institution I would visit
with severe censure for their total misappre-
hension, in this instance, of what truth telling
is, in its general acceptation. And I would
do so the more, because of the mischief which
was wrought by the prevalence of this evil to
some extent in the Army. *
What was the general complaint during the
war? it was that you could not get, in a
great number of cases, the whole truth made
public even when no one could possibly be
interested in concealing it, when the enemy
could take no advantage of it, and, in many
cases, when it should have been freely told.
The truth was suppressed and buried. Men
marched iu the Army for years with padlocks
on their mouths, not daring to tell the truth,
not daring to make public true reports of the
facts. The commanding officers held the keys
in their hands, and the public could not get
at the facts. This suppressio veri prevailed
widely in the Army year after year during the
entire war. Now we see the same thing break-
ing out at the Military Academy; and I say it
is time that such suppression of truth should
be visited with severe public reprehension.
The attempted .discipline at the hands of the
first class falls dead before the conduct of
those engaged in the riotous proceedings,
and their effort to justify their conduct because
they were actuated by good motives fails
utterly.
Mr. SHANKS. Will my colleague yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. COBURN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHANKS. I desire to say, as all that
has been heard from Indiana on this question
has been in favor of sustaining the Military
Academy at West Point, that I am not willing
her people should not be represented as op-
posed to the system pursued iu the institution,
the effects of which have been so eloquently
denounced by my colleague. I say that that
Academy should be wiped out, and the funds
which support it spread among the different
States of the Union, in support of a more gen-
eral system of military education, and not con-
centrated at one place, for the support of a
class corporation now converted into a school
of scandal which has become a disgrace to the
nation. •
Mr. COBURN. I yield the rest of my time
to thegentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Dybh ]
Air. DYiCR. Mr. Speaker, since I have been
a member of this body I have rarely troubled
it with remarks or speeches but have contented
myself with a silent vote upon questions before
