1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
we are to carry on any farms in any State of
the Union. But in order that wo may shed
light upon a great question which interests all j
our people we sustain a Department of Agri-
culture here, to gather in and circulate inform-
ation upon the subject of farming; a subject,
I presume, as well understood in the United
States as any other one branch of business
followed in this country.
What inconsistency, then, I ask, can there
be in sustaining at the seat of Government a
department which shall furnish information to
all of the United States upon the best method
of education. It is possible that the great
States of New England may derive benefit from
this Department as ivell as the great States of
the South. And we may reflect some light
from the Pacific coast, where we have not only
schools where every child can be educated free
of cost, but where we have a free university,
the only free university, I believe, in all the
States, where the highest degrees of education
can be obtained both by male and female
scholars, free of all cost.
It is possible that, when all the facts from
all parts of our great Republic are collected
and properly arranged and digested and pub-
lished here, they may benefit the West as well
as the South. I do not understand that this
is a bureau to educate negroes. I do not
understand that this is a department for the
especial benefit of the South any more than
for the benefit of the West, or the Bast, or the
North.
It seems to me entirely consistent. If it is
consistent at all to sustain the Department of
Agriculture; if it is consistent to have these
storm signals, that are pasted upon maps in
these lobbies for the information of the coun-
try, paid for at the public expense ; if it is con-
sistent for us to send out exploring expeditions
into all the seas to gather information, the
people of the United States paying millions of
dollars therefor; if all these things are con-
sistent, how is it that our friends, especially on
this side of the House, are so sensitive about
the idea of establishing a Bureau of Education?
Is it sought to make a party question of educa-
tion? And while upon every other subject
Democrats are as willing to vote money as Re-
publicans are, is it true that the Democratic
party desires that it shall go forth to the coun-
try that we do not wish a Bureau of Education
established ? Is it unconstitutional to establish
a Department of Agriculture; is it uncon-
stitutional to send out exploring expeditions
into all the seas ; is it unconstitutional to put
up these storm signals? I for one believe
that all that advances the good of the Ilepub-
lic is constitutional; that whatever is good for
all the people, that whatever advances light
and knowledge to all the people, is not only
constitutional but expedient.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Mr. Chairman, I do not
understand that the question here is as to
whether we shall establish a Bureau of Educa-
tion, as seems to be intimated by the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Axtell.] As has been
stated by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] in 1867 a Bureau of Education was es-
tablished ; but in 1868 Congress abolished that
bureau, provided for the winding up of that
bureau; aud declared that there should be
simply an office termed "the Office of Educa-
tion," connected with the Interior Depart-
ment.
Now, sir, I desire to have it understood that
I am as much in favor as any gentleman on
either side of the House can be of the educa-
tion of the colored people—for this measure
seems to be particularly in their interest—and
that I have no sort of objection to it. But that
is not the question before us now. I deny that
the General Government is in a situation to
provide for the education of anybody. It has
no jurisdiction over a foot of land in any State
to put a school-house on. It can make no
arrangement in any State for schools. All it
can do is to employ a superintendent aud some
subordinates to obtain information on the sub-
ject of education, and communicate it through-
out the United States. The States are left,
and must necessarily be left, to take care of
the education of their own people. I claim
that they are now doing it generally, and they
will continue to do it, and those which are
backward in that respect will improve in due
time.
Now, sir, there are only some half dozen
officers in this office; and the question before
us is simply a question of the payment of those
officers and of putting money in their hands
Suppose you put 5100,000 in the hands of the
superintendent of this office, there is no ma-
chinery by which he can provide for the educa-
tion of children. I deny that any expenditure
you authorize here will educate a single man,
woman, or child in the United States.
As I have already said, the Bureau of Edu-
cation has been abolished and an office created
simply for the purpose of winding it up ; and
this seems to have been well understood by the
Committee on Appropriations, who have care-
fully examined this question. They have made
an appropriation to pay all the officers there
are in this office for all that they can do under
this organization. It is simply a question as
to whether we shall go beyond what they have
recommended, after careful consideration, and
squander a large amount of money when there
is no organization that can expend it properly.
Mr. ARNELL. I do not desire to weary
the House with further debate; but I deny the
proposition of the gentleman who last spoke,
if I understood him correctly, that the object
of this amendment is simply to distribute
abroad so much money. The Committee on
Education and Labor, after careful examina-
tion, thought it best to report this amendment
providing how the money shall be expended.
1 f, however, the friends of the Bureau of
Education, or the friends of education in
this House, desire to change it so as simply
to appropriate $30,000 for this bureau, and
if the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] will agree to the proposition, 1 am
willing to modify the amendment and put it
in that shape. But it is necessary that this
amount should be appropriated in order that
this bureau shall do its work efficiently. I
hope that gentlemen on both sides of the
House will stand by the Bureau of Education,
and give it at least $5,000 less than is given
for wrapping-paper alone in the Post Office
Department. Therefore, if the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] desires, I
am willing to accept any amendment that
will appropriate the amount asked for.
Mr. DUKE. I desire merely to give notice
now to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoab] that on Monday next I shall ask
leave to introduce a bill appropriating one
and a half million acres of land for the pur-
poses of common-school education in the
State of Virginia. That State has given an
empire to this Union ; aud yet, up to this time,
she has never received one cent from the pub-
lic lands for purposes of education. I shall
propose in that bill to divide that land equally
between the colored and the white population
of that State. And I want to see whether
gentlemen on the other side of the House will
support me in that proposition.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow me
j to inquire why he wished to divide this land
I between the white and the colored peopleof
1 that State? Does he not want them to enjoy
!ittogether?  
i Mr. DUKE. I do not know that I exactly
! understand the gentleman.
Mr. HOAR. The gentleman says that lie
proposes to divide this land between the white
and colored people of his State.
Mr. DUKE,. Yes; to divide it between
them in proportion to their numbers.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts last on the floor [Mr. Hoar] says
that there are more ignorant children in the
District of Columbia than in all Sweden. I
think there is good reason for that. We should
recollect that the poor children of this District
live within the range of the bewildering glare
of that great calcium-light that looms over this
Capitol. And how could it be expected that
they should be anything else than fools?
[Laughter.]
But I did not rise for the purpose simply of
making these remarks,, but rather for the pur-
pose of continuing the line of remarks of the
gentleman from Tennessee from the Nashville
district, [Mr. Prosser.] That gentleman and
myself are both opposed to brute force in this
country. The gentleman from Tennessee and
myself are ki favor of fighting out all great
contests that arise in this country by ideas and
by unexplosive forces, and not by the bloody
weapons of war. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee and myself are opposed to the brute
force that would turn ont women and children
from the Indian reservations in Kansas to freeze
and starve. The gentleman from Tennessee
and myself are opposed to the brute force that
compels the white population of the State of
California to bow down before Chinese idols.
The gentleman from Tennessee and myself are
opposed to that brute force that controls elec-
tions in the States of Louisiana and Arkansas.
The gentleman from Tennessee and myself are
opposed to that brute force that seeks to con-
trol elections all over this country, and partic-
ularly in the State of New York. The gentle-
man from Tennessee and myself are in favor
of educating the little negroes, believing that
thereby this Administration would be greatly
enlightened. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENSON. And the big ones too.
Mr. JOHNSON. _ Yes, and the big ones
too. Now, Mr. Chairman, while I sought the
floor to say this much, and had intended to
say more in the same strain, I will content
myself with simply saying further that I regret
that I differ from my colleague [Mr. Axtell]
as to the constitutional power of this Govern-
ment to establish a partial board of education.
I believe that there is authority within the
constitutional powers of this Government to
establish a general educational system. But;
no gentleman who will read the bill that cre-
ated the present, or rather the defunct bureaus
of education, will say for one moment that it
was a general system, or by any possibility
can be construed as a general system of edu-
cation, calculated to diffuse its blessings all
over the country.
Mr. AXTELL. Does my colleague believe
that the Agricultural Department is constitu-
tional?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not, emphatically.
Mr. STEVENSON. What is?
Mr. JOHNSON. But I do believe that the
agricultural bureau was established for the
purpose of disseminating knowledge generally
throughout the country.
Mr. DAWES. Instead of the amendment
which I indicated some time since, I propose
to move to strike out "$3,000" after the
words "collecting statistics and writing and
compiling matter for annual and special re-
ports," and inserting at the end of those words
"and editing and publishing circulars of in-
formation, $10,000," And if that shall be
adopted, I will move to insert " one trans-
lator at $1,600" after " one clerk at $1,400,"
and to increase the amount for "stationery"
from $600 to $1,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am sure every
friend of education in this country will be glad
to know that the struggle which we have had
here for so many years is now really over; or
at least that the first great stage of the strug-
gle in regard to this Bureau of Education bus
passed. I believe nobody proposes to abolish
it. I think the action of the fiduse last year
settled that question. What I mean to say is
that nobody expects to get any respectable
number of votes in favor of such a proposi-
tion.
