1930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
I cannot give my assent to such a forced and
unnatural construction of the Constitution as
this resolution in substance asserts.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
now .yield to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan.]
Mr. WELKRR. I object to this yielding,
unless the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] vvjll give us all an opportunity to
express our concurrence in this report.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Very
well. I now call for a vote.
The question was taken on agreeing to the
l report of the Committee of Ways and Means;
and it was agreed to.
* Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report was
agreed to; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EL1SCTI0N' CONTEST TI1?T VS. WHITELEY.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee of Elections, submitted the follow-
ing preamble and resolutions ; which were
read, considered, and adopted:
AVhereas the contested-election case of Nelson Tift
vs. Richard II. Whiteley, from the second di-triet
of Georgia, was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions at so late a period of the present session that
it became impossible for the committee to consider
the case betore the adjournment of Congress; and
whereas the said contestant has been at considerable
expense iu proem ing testimony and in making prep-
aration for the contest, and has made the conti-st
thus far in good faith: Therefore,
Itesolved, That there be paid to Nelson Tift, of
Georgia, out of tho contingent fund of the House,
the sum of $500, in full tor tho expenses by him
incurred in this contest.
li'-Holvd, That the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of this subject.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the preamble and
resolutions were adopted; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF TEXAS MEMBERS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended so as to adopt the
following resolution :
.Rf solved, That theSergeant-at-Arms of tho House
ot Representatives be, and is hereby, directed to pay
the members of the Forty-First Congress frnntho
State of Texas for tho tune embraced in the period
between tho 4th day of March, 1869, and the 30th day
of November, 1809.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does this resolution
also come from our judicious Committee on the
Judiciary?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is not
reported from any committee, but is exactly
in the line of the precedents of this House, and
exactly what we have done with reference to
other members. It is not fair not to treat all
alike.
Mr. STEVENSON. Theprecedentsto which
the gentleman refers must be those of to-night.
The question being taken on suspending
the rules, there were—ayes 75, noes 40 ; uo
quorum voting. •
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Butler, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Lawbesce were ap-
pointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 99, noes 23.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
resolution was agreed to.
RIGHTS OP ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
• votes of the two Houses on the House amendments
to joint resolution (S. R. No. 295) rolatingto rights of
actual settlers upon certain lands, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend to their respective Houses, as
follows:
Tbatthe Senate recede from theirdisagreementto
the amendments ofthe ilouse, and agree to thesame
with the following amendments :
In line eleven ot said joint resolution, after tho
word "him" insert tho following words: " in a suit
by any party other than the United States and in
line fourteen, beforo the word "enaoted,"insert the
following words: "including those;" andtheHouse
agree to tho same.
CHARLBS POMEROY,
W. S. HOLMAN.
GEO. W. JULIAN.
Managers on the part of the House,
JAMES HARLAN,
GE<>. II, WILLIAMS,
E. CASSERLY,
Managers on the part ofthe Senate.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TITLE TO CERTAIN LANDS.
Mr. McCRARY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take from the Speaker's table Senate
bill No. 1202, confirming the title to certain
lands.
The bill was read. It provides that the title
to the land certified to the State of Iowa by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
of the United States, under an act of Congress
entitled "An act confirming a land claim in
the State of Iowa, and for other purposes,"
approved July 12, 1802, in accordance with
the adjustment made by the authorized agent
of the State of Iowa and the Commissioner of
the General Land Office on the 21st of May,
1866, and approved by the Secretary of the
Interior on the 22d day of May, 1860, and
which adjustment was ratified and confirmed
by act ot the General Assembly of the Slate
of Iowa, approved March 51, 1808, shall be
ratified and confirmed to the State of Iowa
and its grantees in accordance with the adjust-
ment and the act of the General Assembly of
the State of Iowa of the dates mentioned. But
nothing in this act is to be so construed as to
affect adversely the rights of any party claim-
ing title or the right to acquire title to any
part of said lands under the provisions of the
so called homestead or preemption laws of the
United States, or claiming any part thereof as
swamp lands.
Mr. McCRARY. This bill is simply con-
firmatory of the action of the land department
of the Government and of the authorities ofthe
State of Iowa in the settlement of a controversy
which has long existed between that State and
the General Government. The settlement has
been ratified by an act of the Legislature of
Iowa. This bill has been submitted to the chair-
man of the Committee on the Public Lands and
to most of the members of that committee, and
all who have seen it have approved it. It is
desirable, although in my opinion not abso-
lutely necessary, that Congress should ratify
this settlement, as it would perhaps give addi-
tional security to titles and may prevent litiga-
tion. I wish to offer an amendment which will
obviate the only objection that has been made
to the bill.
The amendment was read as follows :
Insert after "adversely," where it occurs, the
words " any existing legal rights."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
have some bills to report from the Committee
of Claims which I do not want to lose if I can
help it. They are Senate bills unanimously
recommended by the committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have one of a similar
character.
Mr. BOLES. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, to call up the motion to reconsider the
vote by which House bill No. 1477 was laid
upon the Speaker's table. I entered the
motion to reconsider myself.
The SPEAKER. motion -to suspend the
rules is of higher privilege. What is the bill
to which the gentleman refers?
Mr. BOLES. It is a bill for the auditing of
the claims of certain loyal citizens and soldiers
of the southern States.
WILLIAM CHINN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move to suspend the rules, so that the Com-
mittee of Claims may be discharged fiom the
further consideration of Senate bill No. 545,
for the relief of William Chinn, and the bill
passed.
The bill, which was read, provides that there
be appropriated from the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States the sum of $723, to be paid to Wil-
liam Chinn, a colored man, of Prince William
county, in the State of Virginia, in his own
right and as the lawful assignee of Mrs. Fran-
ces B. Gibson, his late mistress, in full com-
pensation of all losses sustained by him and
her, severally and jointly, on account of live
stock, provisions, and forage of every kind,
furnished to and taken by the troops of the
United States from the fann of the said Mrs.
Gibson, in said county, during the late civil
war, and iu full compensation for all losses
sustained by either and by both, for pasturage,
damage to fences on the said farm, and for
any other losses not herein enumerated.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Is not that provided
for in the new claims commission?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Per-
haps it inay be ; but this is a poor colored man
who has not hardly bread enough to keep him
alive.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof,) and the bill was brought
before the House and passed.
KECI5SS.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
take a recess until eight o'clock to-morrow
mornirg.
Mr. DAWES. We expect every moment
to receive from the Senate the sundry civil
appropriation bill.
The motion was disagreed to.
A. A, DELONG.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move to suspend the rules that the Committee
of Claims may be discharged from the further
consideration of the Senate bill No. 059, for
the relief of A. A. De Long, and that the bill
be passed.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized to
audit and settle the accounts of A. A. De
Long, late collector of internal revenue for the
fourth collection district of California, undet
the provisions of section twenty-five of the act
approved July 30, 1864. entitled "An act to
provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, to pay interest on the public debt,
fend for other purposes ; " and there is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, a sufficient
sum, not exceeding $5,043 91, to pay said A.
A. De Long such amount as the Secretary of
the Treasury may find him justly entitled to
for services and disbursements iu said office
for part of the fiscal year ending June 30,
1863 : provided that the allowance for services
shall notexceed the rate of $3,500 perannutn ;
and provided further, that he shall furnish to
the Treasury Department satisfactory vouchers
for all his expendi'ures.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There is not a bill passed
at this hour of the night which ought not to be
discarded by an honest Congress.
Mr. RAN DALL. We are giving away other
people s money, and not onr own.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. This is an
appropriation bill coming irom the Senate, and
X should like to hear the report read.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. This
