THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J anuaiy 13,
Mr. COX- I simply wish tQ say that I pro
pose to itbfiiisb i,t.
Mi-. G A li FIELD, of Ohio. I knew that if
the proposition, were raadq Erf a.11 it would come
fivom that si.d.e of the House.
But, Mr. Chairman., I a,Wt glad that the
friends oi this measure have reconciled their
differences as to the form of this amendment.
I exceedingly glad, that the gentleman from
Massachusetts has consented to the provision
for a translator^ A, II the' great Governments of
Europe are aow putting forth gigantic efforts
in relation to this subject of education; and
there has recently been published in Prance a
work in the French, language, containing more
statistical information about schools of the
western States, of _ this Union than anything
th,a,t was ever 1 ubUsl)ed in this country prior
to the lasuh^ee or four years. _ This fact shows
that other aatious are studying our institu-
tions, and-their publications are most valuable
to. us,. showing the methods of education
adopted by them. In view of the important
publications on this subject which are made
n> f'oreigu languages, there should certainly be
added to this department a translator.
Gentlemen have spoken of some of the great
elements of value to result to the country from
this work which we are now proposing to do;
and. I will, even at the risk of provoking some
objection from my friend from Illinois, [Mr,
Farnsworth,] refer to some features of the
bill now before us. This bill, as reported by
the committee, appropriates $145,170 to the
Department of Agriculture; and this amount
has been, to some extent, increased by the
action of the House. Yet we are now stick-
ling about the question whether $15,000 or
$30,00,0 shall be the amount appropriated to
sustain «, great interest involving the mind, the
lieaiit. and the lite of the country. A soldier
of the old republic said to the surgeon who
was thrusting his probe far down into his side,
"A little deeper, doctor, and you will touch
the emperor.' He meant to say that his love
for the etnperor was so deep that if the probe
went a little further it would take his life, and
thus touc:h the etnperor. I say that when you
touch this subject of education you will touch
more than the emperor; you will touch the
life and sou.l of this great Itepublic.
Let me call the attention of members to
a remarkable pamphlet which has been pub-
lished within the last few weeks, and which I
find referred to in the New York Evening Post.
Somebody has taken the trouble—and it is a
valuable work to collect certain statistics in
regard to our criminals in the penitentiaries of
the United States; and it is found that of the
seventeen thousand criminals now in those pen-
itentiaries ninety-seven per cent, have never
learned a trade, have never had any occupation
that could be called a trade; and more than
twenty-eight per cent, cannot read and write.
It has been found that of the awful aggregate
of oar criminals in the jails of the different
states thirty-two per cent, cannot read and
write, and seventy tw,a per cent, have no trade
except such as they have learned during their
imprisonment.
1 lie chaplain of the Ohio penitentiary, who
lias been m that institution long enough to have
under his charge as chaplain twenty-one hun-
dred and twenty prisoners, reports that of that
number fourteen per cent, did not know the
alphabet of the English language, and sixty-
four per cent, could barely rea.d with much
etlort.
Everywhere throughout the country crime
and ignorance go hand in hand. It is proved in
the most striking manner that the safety, the'
purity, the liberty, the glory, the life of our
country are inseparably connected with its
educational facilities and the general diffusion
of intelligence.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FABNS WORTH. "Mr. Chairman, I do
not suppose it is of any use to move to strike,
out this paragraph with reference to the de-
partment of education. I am aware that we
have had a struggle over this question on each
returning presentation of this appropriation
bill ever since the department of education has
been organized. So tar as I am concerned, I
abandon iti despair the effort to abolish this
department. When a department or bureau
such as this becomes once fixed upon the Gov-
ernment it is impossible to get rid of it, how-
ever useless it may be. Already this depart-
ment is calling for increased appropriations.
It must spread out and enlarge its proportions.
It must grow into a grand department, with
all the paraphernalia of numerous clerks, &c.
Pretty soon a separate building will doubtless
have to be erected for it, and our present
annual appropriations of thousands will be
swelled into millions.
According to ray friend from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] this department is necessary because
many of the people who are in our peniten-
tiaries never learned a trade. Then why do you
not establish a department of trade ? If to
keep men out of the penitentiary it is necessary
th<?y should learn trades, establish, a depart-
ment which shall train men to be shoemakers,
blacksmiths, &c. Because a large portion of
the people in the penitentiaries cannot read
and write, therefore we must have this depart-
ment of education, which does what? Which
aunually issues a very learned book, contain-
ing an elaborate array of figures and statistics
which are beyond the ken of all ordinary men,
saying nothing of those who go to the peniten-
tiary. This is the great education of the great
Government of the United States—an annual
report.
And the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] says we must have a translator, because
the French Government issued a very learned
book in the French language, of inestimable
value, and some one must translate it. Mr.
Chairman, if such a boolc has been printed
in the French language, is it not marvelously
strange that no one would translate it but an
officer of the Government of the United States ?
It it is of such value and of so much import-
ance, will not some of the professors of all our
schools, and colleges translate it? Will no
scholar in the United States be found to put
it into the English language ? Can this riot be
done ; and is it necessary that they should come
to the Government of the United States for the
purpose of having the document translated
from the Frenoh into the English language ?
Now, sir, some of the Representatives from
the South have been made to believe that this
is to be the educator of the negro, that this
learned book of statistics issued annually from
this bureau is to educate the negroes. Why,
sir, if you will make an appropriation to buy
primers and spelling books, and to pay for
school-teachers, perhaps I might support it.
But to appropriate for a translator here, a
earned gentleman to compile statistics, for a
learned mathematician—to appropriate money
for these learned gentlemen in the District of
Columbia to compile a very learned book for
the benefit of the poor freedmen ia a piece of
absurdity which passes sj,H belief. The negro
has been taught to look to the Bureau of Edu-
cation to furnish him with the necessary rneans.
to vote intelligently, and to learn a trade.
How many years will it take the negro to learn
a trade aufficieutly to keep him out of the peni-
tentiary by a learned book published by. the
Government of the United States?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, is it in order to
move to strike out the whole paragraph?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. COX. Then I make the motion to strike
out the whole paragraph. Thegentleman from
Ohio said, very properly, that motion ought to
come from this side of the House.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to.a pointtif order, that
the motion to strike out and insert takes pre-
cedence of^the motion to strike out.
Mi". COXJ. Does the gentleman from Mas- |
sachusetts want to insert anything ?, Perhaps
he has some crude idea which he-would like to
have inserted.
Mr. DA WES. I ask the Chair whether I
am not right, that the motion to strike out and
insert takes precedence?
_ 1-heCHAIRMAN. Ifanyt.hing were inserted
it would not then be in order to move to strike
it out, for we cannot strike out what has been
inserted.
Mr. DAWES. Does not the mot-ion of
the gentleman from Tennessee supersede the
motion of thegentleman from New York?
The CHAIRMAN, the motion to strike out
takes precedence.
Mr, JBNCK1SS. Does not a motion to per-
fect the paragraph take precedence of a motion
to strike out?
Mr. COX. If anything can perfect this para-
graph,! think it needs perfection. [Laughter.]
Ihe CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York has the floor, and will proceed.
Mr. COX. The gentleman saya the motion
to strike out the paragraph would come prop-
erly from this side ot the House, because this
side of the. Blouse has never favored a Bureau
of Education, by the Federal Government. This
side of the House has-always been careful to
discriminate between a system of education
fostered by the States and a system of educa-
tion to be hereafter fostered and controlled by
l'ederal authority. All the arguments of my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] in favor of
teaching people to read and write and in favor
of keeping the people out of the penitentiary
are entirely irrelevant, and this for the simple
reason that the States will care for all those
matters, and the Federal Government will only
mar the progress of the States in that regard.
You know very w.ell that the common-school
system of this country had its origin in New
England and that it is one of the trophies of
New England in her march of civilization 
Mr. PROSSER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. COX. You break me down in cwie of
my very beat sentences, [Laughter.]
Mr. PROSSER. I am sorry,
Mr. COX. Well, go, on.
Mr. PROSSER. I desire to ask n>y friend
from New York [Mr. Cox] what he proposes
to do by way of providing a remedy where the
States refuse to provide any means of educa-
tion ?
Mr. COX. I would try to bring some re-
ligious and moral influences to bear on those
States.
Mr. PROSSER. These would hardly come
from the Democratic party.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman what State
has refused to give some aid to the- promotion
of the great work of education ? Let the gen-
tleman name the State.
Mr. PROSSER. I could name every State
on the south of the Ohio river; and it is. not
surprising that the States which, refused liberty
should refuse to provide the means-of educa-
tion.
Mr. COX- That is enough.
Mr. PROSSER. And for the reason that
they are opposed to free schools they are
opposed to providing the means of education
for colored people.
Mr. COX. " Which I rise to explain.' ■ The
reason why those States south of the Ohio river
have not been caring for education is because
they are under Radical domination, and educa*
tion does not help you gentlemen down there.
Mr. PROSSER. I would like to correct
that statement.
Mr PRn^i°pnT Ic? .n°t yield further.
Tvr ' 1 ^ !t 1S nnt trae-
Mr. OOX. In the city of New York $3,000,-
000 are appropriated to education; and in the
Slate of New York nearly twelve, million dol-
lars. In other States, North and South, there
is provision made by States and by charities,
and by the men who have in charge the great
1 una,left by George Peabody.foj.- adacatiug the
