1318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
it. But in this case I feel that a few words,
poor and feeble though they may be, will not
be entirely out of place. We are in a few min-
utes to vote upon a proposition of more im*
portance than the ordinary legislation of the
country, inasmuch as it affects the standing
and reputation of officers whose brilliant deeds
heretofore have added to the greatness and
honor of the country, as well as the reputation
and future usefulness of forty young men,
thrown together from all sections of the coun-
try nearly four years ago. If it were a simple
question of the right of these men to money
or property it would not call, possibly, for the
same deliberation and care as this to me
would seem to require.
In the first case energy and industry might
regain and replace that which we might take
from them ; but here something higher and
dearer is at stake. For say what you will, the
reputation and honor of a true soldier is dearer,
to him, as it should be to every good citizen,
than the possession of wealth or place ; and
if the blow now impending shall fall it places
a stain upon the character of these men not
soon, if ever, to be effaced. Talk of it as you
may, the adoption of this report dismisses in
disgrace this class of young men, who for four
years have borne themselves like men, and
who in the future promise to give to the coun-
try such services as will repay for the outlay in
their education.
1 shall not, Mr. Speaker, in what I may say
undertake to justify nor excuse the first class
in their conduct. Far from it. I shall how-
ever undertake to criticise the recommenda-
tion of the committee.
The facts iu the case as presented- in the
record leaves no doubt upon our minds of two
facts:
First. That the three cadets, Barnes, Baird
and Flickinger, were guilty of as high offenses
as are known to military order and discipline,
to wit, in having made, willfully and knowingly,
false reports to their officers. One of them,
Cadet Barnes, is not only guilty of this and
other offenses, but has been found deficient
and recommended to be discharged by the
academic board. It is admitted, then, on all
hands that the three cadets I have named
made these—not to use harsher terms—false
reports.
Second. The first class learning these facts,
and becoiningas well satisfied of them as weare,
determined among themselves—as they had no
right to do I confess—that they would rid the
Point of the presence of these men who had
so violated the rules of the Academy and been
guilty of offenses so unbecoming officers and
gentlemen.
The committee recommend that the three
cadets, guiltier if possible than the first class,
shall be restored to theit places in the reci-
tation-room, in the diningball, in the parade
an-d drill of the corps, with no other punish-
ment than the temporary suspension until
June next; but for the forty young men of the
first class—they whose reputation and standing
hitherto has been of the most unexceptionable
character, and whose offending consists in an
attempt to rid their corps of these three guilty
men—shall be dismissed the service of their
country and sent to their homes in disgrace.
Sir, I appeal to you to know if the punish-
ment recommended by the committee is not
unequal—grossly unequal?
The boys who made the false reports—ay,
who lied—are, as I have before said, restored
to their places in the Academy, permitted to
go on with their studies, and finally to gradu-
ate, receive their diplomas, and permitted to
wear the uniform and sword of officers in the
American Army, and titles that the proudest
in the land might be glad of; but the poor,
mistaken, thoughtless, impulsive boys of the
first class must be driven, like so many felons,
from the service of the country back to their
mothers and sisters, who during these four
years have watched, as only mothers and sis-
ters can, so unceasingly and affectionately, the
conduct and bearing of these boys. The result,
if the report shall be adopted, is to restore
the one and disgrace the other. As to me the
path is plain. 1 shall never vote to restore the
three guilty men, and at the same time strike
down those who are guilty of no greater, if as
great, offenses. Who of us here in this Hall
to-day lived up to the rules of the schools when
we were boys? Not one, I undertake to say;
but if there is, he should at once, for his own
sake, leave Congress and quit associating with
men the great majority of whom not only vio-
lated the rules of the schools attended, but
who are continually violating the rules of the
House since they have been Congressmen.
Mr. ASPER. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Packard.]
Mr. PACKARD. Mr. Speaker, I supported
in committee and shall now support in the
House the resolutions of the committee, be-
cause in my judgment they lean to the'side of
leniency. They are just those resolutions on
which alone the committee were able to har-
monize; and while I preferred and would now
prefer a resolution omitting wholly the clause
providing for a court of inquiry and summary
dismissal of any of the class, I am content to
take the last resolution as it is, believing it
will have much the same effect as a resolution
to send the whole class before a court-martial
for trial; for in that case the leaders, when
discovered, if any there were, would doubtless
be sentenced to dismissal; while those who
played subordinate parts would receive pun-
ishment graduated to the degree of their
offense. I could not support a resolution for
the dismissal of the entire class. I would
oppose it as earnestly as the gentleman from
Massachusetts; and if I believed this reso-
lution would have that effect I would vote
against it. I do not justify or excuse this
breach of discipline of the first class, but I
cannot assent to the theory that this offense
shows its members to be hardened criminals,
whose position as officers in the Army would
be dangerous to the public weal and subversive
of the Government.
In the impulsiveness of youth and early
manhood, forgetting this once the duty of
obedience to law, they engage together in
an act which will be to them always a source
of regret, and which shows how a company of
young men will sometimes do that which each
one of them singly would instinctively shrink
from. This act of theirs is not a crime which
goes to their moral character; it is a military
offense, a breach of military .discipline, the
punishment for which should be meted out
according to military laws and regulations,
and according to the degree of culpability, if
possible to ascertain who were foremost iu the
affair. A sweeping dismissal of the whole
class would strike the least guilty as severe a
blow as him who is most guilty, an injustice
and wrong which would have a worse effect
on the morale of the Academy than though
this offense should go wholly unpunished.
In dealing with these young men we are not
for a moment to think them different from
other young men of their station in life. Once
they have stepped over the line beyond which
the good soldier or citizen cannot go; but
these sudden outbursts, crushing down law
and discipline for the moment, occur some-
times in every college in the country, in every
State, and in almost every community, and
they are looked upon with some degree of
charity, or with utter condemnation, accord-
ing to the motive which prompts them. If the
motive is good, we permit it partially to con-
done the offense. When, a few years ago, the
women of the village of Howell, in Michigan,
took hammers and axes, and smashed every
brandy-bottle and split open every whisky-
barrel in the shop of the only rum-siller in the
place, it was a high-handed, although fair-
handed, violation ot law; yet there were very
few who did not fiud excuses for th« perpetra-
tors of the " outrage," because of the motive
by which they were actuated.
I am compelled to differ from my friend from
New York, my colleague on the committee,
in his estimate of the motive which governed
these cadets. There is not one word of evi-
dence to sustain his position that this whole
affair sprang from the desire of the class to
show their independence and power to do as
they pleased. 1 believe their motive was just
what they declared it to be on oath—the de-
sire to preserve the honor of the corps by
banishing falsehood aud compelling the wor-
ship of truth. When one of those cadets tes-
tified that before he engaged in this affair he
chose between remaining to graduate with the
honor of the corps tarnished and expulsion—
for he supposed it might lead to expulsion—
with the honor of the corps untarnished, I
could not doubt his sincerity.
We are not to deride the high value which
the offenders in this case place on veracity in
the cadet and future officer of the Army. Down
deep in our hearts we honor the sentiment
while we condemn the manner of its mani-
festation. But this manner of manifesting a
regard for truth we muse condemn, aud con-
demning it, it becomes our ditty to call for
punishment as for a breach of military dis-
cipline. And with as little legislative inter-
ference as possible' we ask for a court of
inquiry to discover the leaders, if any there
are, and for the rest a court-martial, the proper
and ordinary tribunal for the trial of military
offenses. With the verdict of the court-mar-
tial I shall be content; content if the punish-
ment inflicted shall be the same as that pro-
posed in the resolution of the gentleman from
Massachusetts; content even if it should be
less severe than that.
Mr. ASPBR. I now yield five minutes to
my colleague on the committee from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Stocghton".]
Mr. STOUGHTON. Mr. Speaker, while I
agree with the conclusions arrived at by the
Committee 011 Military Affairs, and shall as a
matter of duty support the resolutions reported
to the House with my vote, I differ so widely
from the views presented by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Slooum] that i am un-
willing that his argument shall in any manner
appear as the reasou^rf my action.
It is true, sir, that a son of the President of
the United Statesis a member of the first class
of the Military Academy and implicated in
this transaction.' And it is equally true that
the committee have endeavored to mete out
equal and exact justice to all the cadets. No
effort has been made by the committee or by
any officer of the Government, civil or military,
to shield this young man or palliate his offense.
Why, then, the covert attack upon the Presi-
dent by the gentleman from New York? Is
it quite fair and chivalric or worthy the high
character of that gentleman to attack the father
by an assault upon the son?
But, aside from this, I propose to show that
the assumptions of the gentleman are not sup-
ported by a single particle of evidence or a
single fact proved or fairly itiferable. I quote
now from the gentleman's speech, aud will
give him the full benefit of his own statement.
He says:
"When I was a member of tlio Board of Visitors
last spring one of the oldest and most highly re-
spected professors of the Academy stated to me that
the discipline of the institution was being lowered
by the influence of a cadet who seemed to possess
the power of overruling those placed iu authority.
As an instance, he refen ed to the case ot an instruct-
or who had been grossly insulted by acadet, and had
preferred charges against the cadet which resulted
in his conviction by a court. The cadet, however,
was reinstated, as it was supposed at the instance
of one oX his classmates. This professor stated to
me that a single instance of this kind tended to
intimidate and demoralize all those ifl immediate
authority over the corps."
This grave statement rests upon the suppo-
sition of some imaginary and nameless in-
dividual. This is the gentleman's auiiiotity
and all of it. cadet, however, was rein-
