494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
end of the paragraph should be changed from
§14,500 to $26,500.
Mr. ARNELL. I move to change it to
$30,000, for the purpose of saying a few words.
The CHAIRMAN. That sum would not be
a correct aggregate of .the various amounts
named in the paragraph, and the committee,
by general consent, has closed all debate on
this paragraph.
Mr. ARNELL. Then I move to add to the
paragraph ''two copyists at $900 each.''
Mr. DAWES. 1 hope that amendment will
not be adopted.
The amendment of Mr. Arnell was not
agreed to, upon a division—ayes twenty-three,
noes not counted.
The amendment moved by Mr. Dawes, to
correct the aggregate sum at the close of the
paragraph, was then agreed to.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Abxell, to strike out the paragraph, and to
insert in lieu thereof the following:
For Commissioner of Education, $3,000; one clerk,
at SI.800; ono clerk, at $1,600; one translator, at
$1,600; one statistician, at $1,500; one librarian, at
$1,400; one clerk, at 81,400; three copyists., at $900
each; one messenger, at $810; one employe in fold-
ing-rooin, at§800; stationery,$1,000; library, $1,000;
collecting statistics, and writing and compiling: mat-
ter for annual and special reports, and for publish-
ing monthly circulars of information, $7,000; con-
tingencies, $1,2(30; in all, $30,000.
Mr. ARNELL. I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Cox, to strike out the paragraph as amended.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to';
upon a division there being—ayes thirty-seven,
noes not counted.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill;
but before concluding the reading of the first
paragraphin relation to the Post Office Depart-
ment.
Mr. DAWES moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofieli) re-
ported that, according to order, the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
2524),makingappropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June SO, 1872,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
damages 15y rebel cruisers.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced- a bill (H. R. No. 2714) providing
foraeommissionto audit all claims for damages
by the steamers Alabama, Shenandoah, Flor-
ida, and Georgia, with their tenders, and for
the issuing of bonds of the United States for
the payment thereof; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined, and found truly enrolled bills of
the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (S. No. 818) for the relief of the
Kentucky University; atid
An act (S. No. 980) for the relief of Joseph
S. Finch & Co., of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania.
adjournment till monday.
Mr. RANDALL." I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. DAWES. I wish the House would
not adjourn till this appropriation bill is dis-
posed of.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The question is not de-
batable.
On the motion, there were—ayes 50, noes
57; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and -Mr. Randall,
and Mr. Brooks of Massachusetts, were
appointed.
, The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 47, noes 52; no quorum voting.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House now
adjourn.
stockbridge and m0nsee indians.
On motion of Mr, SAWYER, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 610) for the relief
of the Stockbridge and Munsee tribe of In-
dians in the State of "Wisconsin was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
lands op sienomonee indians.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 849) to authorize the
sale of certain lands reserved for the use of the
Menomonee tribe of Indians in the State of
Wisconsin, was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
cherokee neutral lands.
Mr. SHANKS, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, submitted, by unanimous consent,
a minority report relative to the Cherokee
neutral lands; which was ordered to be printed,
and recommitted.
treatment of cadet smith.
Mr. PORTER. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be, and they are hereby, directed to inquire what
legislation, if any, is necessary to prevent Cadet
Smith, a student at tlie United States Military
Academy at West Point, from beins ill-treated and
persecuted, as is alleged, on account of his color; and
said committee arc hereby authorized to send for
persons and papers, and to report to the House at
any time.
Mr. CONNER. I object.
title to national cemeteries.
Mr. STOUGHTON, by unanimous consent,
submitted a report of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs relative to perfecting the title in
the United States Government to the Arling-
ton property and all other grounds in which
Union soldiers ire buried; which was ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. STOUGIITON also, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the same committee a bill
(II. R. No. 2715) to protect national ceme-
teries; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
reconsideration op references.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to reconsider the
various votes by which bills, joint resolutions,
and reports have to-day been referred or
recommitted ; and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adjournment.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Dawes that the House adjourn, the motion was
agreed to; andaccordingly (at fouro'clock and
thirty minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
Ry Mr. ARNELL: A petition of members
of the Louisiana Legislature, asking for a na-
tional system of education.
By Mr. HILL: A petition of 15 assistant
marshals of Hudson county, New Jersey, ask-
ing for additional pay for taking the census in
1870.
By Mr. HOLMES: Thepetition of Messrs.
Allings & Corey, D. D. S. Brown, and others,
envelope manufacturers, printers, and station-
ers, of the city of Rochester, New York, pray-
ing for relief against governmental interfer-
ence with the private manufacture and sale of
envelopes.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
memorial and petition of certain importers of
liquors of New York and Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, praying Congress for relief from the
act of July 14, 1870.
By Mr. JUDD: A remonstrance of 425
female members of the Normal University of
McLean county, Illinois, against woman suf-
frage.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 195 set-
tlers on the Miami Indian reservation of Kan-
sas. setting forth that they have had peaceable
possession of homesteads on this reservation
for a period of from ten to fourteen years;
that they entered upon and improved the same
in the faith that they would be protected in
the right to acquire titles uuder the provision
of the Miami treaty of 1854, providing for the
sale of these common lands in the same man-
ner as other public lands are disposed of;
that as far back as the year 1859 a number
of the settlers on these lands preempted their
claims at the United States land office, then
located at Lecompton, Kansas, paid their
money, and received certificates of entry, as
provided by the preemption act of 1841; that
these preemptors still hold these certificates
of entry for the land they occupy, while pat-
ents for these lands have recently been issued
to persons claiming to be Miami Indians, and
that under and by virtue of these patents the
homesteads of many of the petitioners have
been sold to speculators. The petition repre-
sents further, that the chief of these speculat-
ors, one James G. Blunt, is now attempting
by force of arms to eject the petitioners from
their long-occupied and well-improved home-
steads; that for this purpose, and in compli-
ance with his false representations, an order
has been issued by the War Department to
summarily eject said petitioners from these
lands; that General Merrill, of the United
States Army, has been ordered to this reser-
vation with troops; that the said General Mer-
rill is now there to carry this outrageous and
inhuman order into execution, at a season of
the year when to be driven from their homes
would be certain death to hundreds of the
poorly-clad women and children of this reser-
vation. The petition further declares that the
issuance of patents to these lands has been
secured by a system of fraud and perjury that
will, when fully exposed, be viewed with hor-
ror by all upright men, and that the civil law
is in full force on the reservation and in the
county; that they have no knowledge of any
organized resistance to the civil law, nor do
they know of any just reason of complaint
against the civil authorities; and that they,
the petitioners, have occupied these lands with
the consent of the Government and without
objection from the Indians, with whom they
have always lived at peace. The petitioners
earnestly pray Congress to give them, by law,
peaceable occupancy of their homes on the
reservation until such time as the whole sub-
ject can be investigated and settled by Con-
gress on just and equitable principles. Ap-
pended to the petition is a schedule, showing
the valne of the improvements of each set-
tler, (by fair appraisement,) and the location
of their homesteads, respectively; showing a
total value of improvements of over ono hun-
dred and seventy thousand dollars.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of J. B.
Brown, for relief against certain mistakes ami'
losses under a contract for the performance of
certain work on the improvement of the Louis-
ville and Portland canal, done under the super-
intendence of General GodfreyWeitzel, major
of engineer corps, United States Army, and m
charge of said improvement.
By Mr. SARGENT: A petition of citizens
of Plumas county, California, praying for the
defeat of the Julian swamp land bill.
By Mr. SHANKS: The petition of W. E.
C. Lyons, editor of the Cherokee Sentinel,
and_124 others, citizens of the city of Baxter
Springs, Kansas, praying that the prayer of
the settlers on 'the Cherokee neutral lands in
