1320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
reconsider $ and upon a division there were—
ayes 62, noes 76.
Be£>re the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr, Garfield, of
Ohio, and Mr, Asper were appointed.
The House again divided$ and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 68, noes 81.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
joint resolution approved.
A message from the President of the United
States, communicated to the House by Mr.
Babcock, one of his secretaries, announced
that the President had approved and signed a
joint resolution of the following title:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 337) for the
relief of Captain "William 0. Sides.
message from the senate,
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of their clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed without amend-
ment a bill of the House of the following title:
A bill (H. R. No. 1051J for the relief of John
R. Bennett, late register of the land office at
Ohatfield, Minnesota.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr.- NEGLElr, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly, enrolled a bill of the follow-
ing title, when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 2792) to change the times
for holding the district and circuit courts, of
the United States at Eriej Pennsylvania.
west point investigation.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the substitute offered fey the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] for the second
resolution reported by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The resolution reported from the committee
was read as follows :
Resolved, That the House of Representatives rec-
ommend that the Secretary of War convene a court
of inquiry for the purpose of ascertaining what mem-
bers ot the first class were instigators and leaders in
the affair of January 3 at the United States Military
Academy, and that such leaders and instigators be
at once dismissed from the Military Academy, and
the remaining members of the class engaged in the
attar be punished at the discretion of a general
court-martial, to be convened for their trial.
The substitute was read as follows ;
Resolved, That the House of Representatives rec-
ommend to the Secretary of War to refuse at the
graduation of the first class the customary furlough,
or leave of absence, but that each member of that
elass engaged in the transactions reported upon be
at once, upon his graduation, ordered to duty as an
officer of the Army, and that no leave of absence,
except siek leave, be granted to either of them for
one year.
The question was taken on agreeing to the
substitute and upon a division there were—
ayes 64, noes 88.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 97, nays 111, not voting
82 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Armstrong, At-
wood, Axtell, Banks, Bethune, George M. .Brooks,
Buftintou, Burdett, Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick
K. Butler, Cessna, CburchiU, William T. Clark,
Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Cowles. Crebs, Cullom,
Dawes. Dickey, Joseph Dixon, Dockevy.Dox. Duval,
Dyer, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield,
Getz, Griswold, llaight, Hale, Hill, Ilolmus, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Alexander H. Jones, Kelley, Kellogg,
Ketcham, Lafflin, Lash, Lawrence, Long, Lynch,
Manning, Marshall, Mnynard,McCormick, McGrcw,
McKenzie, Mercur, Jesse II. Moore, William Moore,
Darnel J. Morreli, Myers, Niblack, Orth*, Packer,
William W. Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Poland,
Pomcroy, Potter, Roots, Sanford, Sargent. Sawyer,
hnober, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worth-
j'itrton C. Smith. Stevenson, Stiles. Stokes, Strick-
'auj, Syphor, Taife, Tanner, Tillman, Twichell,
i .-/jt-r, Upson, Van lloin, Wallace, Ward, William
Washburn, Wclker, Williams. John T. Wilson,
Wolt—U7.
, -rAYS— Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Asper, Ayer,
35aney. Bantu to, Bany.Braman, Beatty, Benjamin,
Biggs, Bird, Blair, Boles, Booker, Boyd, Buck, Buck-
Uy. Bureburd, Burr, Calkin. Sidney Clarke, Amasa
0>)bb, Coburn, Conner,Cook, Darroli, Degener. Dick-
inson, Nathan F. Dixon. Donley, Duke, Farnsworth,
Ferriss, Fox, Gibson, Gilfillan. Haideman, Hamill,
Hamilton, Harris," Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Hays,
Hoar, Hoge, Holman, Jfiickes, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Judd, Julian, Kerr, Lewis, Log;m, Louarh-
ridge, Mayham, McCarthy, McK.ee, McNeeiy, Eli-
akim H, Moore. Morey, Morgan, Morphia, Morris-
sey.'Mungen, Negley, Packard. Halbert E. Paine,
Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Porter, Price, Prosser, B-ainey,
Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sehumaker, Seoheld, Sbanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod, Stocum, Joseph S.
Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stone, Stough'ton,
Strader, Strong, Swann,Taylor, Townsend, Trimble,
Van Auken. Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Wilkinson, Willird, Euscene M„ Wilson,
Winchester, Wifccher, Wood, Woodward,- and
Young—111.
if0T VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Beck, Ben-
nett, Benton,Bingham,Bowen, James Brooks, Cake,
Cleveland, Corker, Cox, El a, Eldridge, fclambleton,
Heflin, -Ingersoll, Kelsey, Knapp, Knot*", MoCrary,
Milnes, Samuel P.Morrill, Newsham, O'Neill, Ran-
dall, Porter Sheldon, Sweeney, Van Wyck, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Whitmore, and Winans—32.
So the substitute offered by Mr. Bctler, of
Massachusetts, was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Thenextquestion is upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Johnson,] which will be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Amend the resolutions of the committee by adding
the following:
Resolved further, That the House of Represent-
atives recommend that the Secretary of War con-
vene a court of inquiry to examine into the conduct
of the officers on duty at the West Point Academy,
with a view to ascertain "whether they connived at
and tried to keep l'rom the public and the War
Department the wrongs done by the first class
cadets, thereby encouraging insubordination and
riotous conduct at tbe Academy; and, if found guilty,
that they be relieyed from duty at the institution.
The amendment was agreed to; there being—
ayes 82, noes 52.
The SPEAKER. The next question is on
agreeing to the resolutions of the committee
as amended.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for a division,
so that the question may be taken separately
oa each resolution.
The SPEAKER. A separate vote being
demanded on each resolution, tbe first resolu-
tion will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
1. Resolved, That the House of Representatives
recommend to the Secretary of War to restore
Cadets Baird, Flickinger, and Barnes to the Mili-
tary Academy at West Point, to take effect with
the beginning of the next academic year, and then
permit them to proceed with tbe fourth class with-
out further punishment tor the offenses heretofore
committed by them.
The resolution was agreed to.
The second resolution reported by the com-
mittee was read as follows:
2. Resolved, That the House of Representatives
recommend that the Secretary of War convene a
court of inquiry for the purpose of ascertaining
what members of the first class were instigators and
leaders in the affair of January 3 at the United
States Military Academy, and that such leaders and
instigators be at once dismissed from the Military
Academy, and the remaining members of the class
engaged in the affair be punished at the discretion
of a general court-martial, to be convened for their
trial.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the resolution just read be laid on the
table.
The SPEAKER. A direct vote had better
be taken. The same object can well be gained ;
and the Chair is in doubt whether, as the reso-
lutions stand in a series, the motion to lay on
the table would not carry the whole subject
with it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The first resolution
having been adopted, I presume it would not
be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. Nothing would be gained
by the morion to lay on the table. The whole
object can be accomplished by a direct vote
on the resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to inquire
of the Chair whether the resolution offered as
an amendment by the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Johnson] is regarded as having
been adopted as an amendment or as an inde-
pendent proposition?
The SPEAKER.. As an amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the House be
I called upon to vote again on that resolution?
The SPEAKER. Unless a division be
asked for this resolution will be voted for
along with the second resolution, to which ft
is appended by way of amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to lay on
tbe table the second resolution of the com-
mittee, together with the resolution of the gen-
tleman from California adopted as an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. That motion is admissi-
ble. The resolution adopted on the motion
of the gentleman from California will be read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. LOGAN. These are not two distinct
resolutions, as I understand?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia offered his resolution as an amendment
to the second resolution of the committee.
Mr. LOGAN. And the amendment having
been adopted, those two resolutions become,
as I understands one resolution.
The SPEAK*ER. Still the Chair would be
bound to recognize the right of any member
to have a separate vote, there being two sub-
stantial propositions.
Mr. LOGAN. But a motion to lay on the
table would carry both resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table, if adopted by the House, lays on the
table whatever it applies to.
The motion of Mr. Farxsworth to lay on the
table the second resolution, together with the
resolution adopted as an amendment thereto,
was not agreed to j there being—ayes 33.
noes 109.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
demand a separate vote on the two remaining
resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be
on the second resolution reported by the com-
mittee, which has been read.
On agreeing to the resolution there were—
ayes 94, noes 40.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in theaffirmative—yeas 111, nays yj, not \ oting
39 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, A^per,
Bailey, Barnnrn, Beamnn, Bentty, Benjamin, Ben-
ton, Biggs, Bingh->m, Bird, Blair, Boles, Booker,
Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buichard,
Burr, Calkin, Sidney Clarke. Amasa Cobb. Cohurn,
Conner, Cook, Cre4>s, Darrall. Degener, Dk-kmson,
Nathan F. Dixon, Donley. Ela, Eldridge, F. rri.-s,
Fox, Gibson, Haideman, Hamill, Hawkins, llaw-
ley, Hay, Hays, Hoar, Holman, Jenckes. Johnson,
Thomas L  Jones. Judd, Julian, Kerr, Logan, Mar-
shall, Mayham, McCarthy, McKee. McKenzie. Me-
Keely, Morey, Moigan, Morphis, Mornsscy. Mun-
gen, Negley. Newsham. Packard, Packer, Halbert
E, Paine, Peters, Phelps, Porter, Price, Pro-ser,
Rainey, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sehumaker, Sco-
field, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod. Mocum,
Joseph S. Smith, Starkweather, Steven.-, Stokes,
Stone, Sfcoughton, Strader, Strong, Swann, Tafie,
Tanner, Taylor, Townsend, Trimble, Van Aukui,
Van Trump, Wells, Wheeler. Whitelev, Hiilaid,
Williams, EugeneM. Wilson, Witcher, Wolf, Wood,
and Woodward—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer. Atwood,
Axtell, Ayer, Banks, Bennett. Bebune, Builmton,
Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Cessna. Chutehi'I,Wil-
li am T. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Conerer. Cowles,
Diekey, Joseph Dixon. Doekf ry, Duke. D'\v..l, D\ er,
Farnsworth.Ferry, Finkelnbuig, Fisnet. Fitch. Gnr-
field.Geiz. GiiUllan,Haight, Hale, Hamilton, Hanis,
Hill. Holmes, Hotchkiss, Alexander H. Jones,
Ivelley, Kellogg, Lash, Lawrence, Lev.is. Long,
Loughridge, Manning, Maynard, MfCraiy, M- Gs<w,
Mercur, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J.
Morreli, Myers, Niblack, Orth, Palmer, Peek, Peier,
Poland, Pomeroy, Potter, Roots, Sanhud,
Sawyer, Shober, John A. Smith. William J.Susu^,
Stevenson, Stiles, Strickland, Tillm;us, Twicui li,
Tyner, Upson, Van Horn. Van Wjek, Voo h«'os,
Wallace,Ward,William B. Washburn.Welker.Whit-
more, Wilkinson, John T. WiJoon. \Viuehe*t*M, aim
Young—-W).
NUT VOTING — Messrs-. Amell, Barry, Beck,
Bowen, Jauiea Brooks, Benjamin 1\ Butler, C.ko,
Cleveland. Corker, Cox, Cniiom, Dawes, Gi..--
wold, Hambleton, Ileihn, Hoge, llooper, Ii:e'e:soli,
Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Knott, L.ilLu, Lwui!,
McCormick, Milnes, Ehakim II. Moore, Samuel J\
Morrill, O'Neiil, William \V. P.une, Piart,
Porter Sheldon, Woithinglon C. Smuh. S« trn<-<■.
Sypher, Cadwalader C. Washburn, and Wifum-—l/J.
So the second resolution was adopted.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the
