1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49o
Kansas be granted, and the settlers allowed
to purchase their home at $1 25 per acre,
under the preemption laws.
By Mr. WITCHBR: The memorial of James
Cummings, of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, for relief and pay for lumber and cord wood
taken and used by the Army in West Virginia
in 18G2.
Also, the petition of B. H. Jones, of West
Virginia, praying the removal of his political
disabilities, imposed by the fourteenth article
of amendments to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 14, 1871.
The House metattwelveo'clockm. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
steilacoo.m commercial association.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Manufactures, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 2716) to charter the Steila-
coom Commercial and Manufacturing Associa-
tion of Puget sound, Washington Territory;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on" the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tbilritoltlal business.
Mr. STILES. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask unanimous consent
to be allowed to make a statement to the
House.
Mr. STILES. Go on.
Mr. CULLOM. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
state to the House that the indications arc that
the Committee on the Territories will not be
called again this session, and there is a con-
siderable amount of legislation, about which
there will be very little contest, that ought to
be attended to. You may say the only rep-
resentative that these Territories have is the
Committee on the Territories, and we have not
bad the opportunity to report for nearly a year.
What I wish to ask of the House is that they
will let us have a day; that on the 1st of Feb-
ruary next that committee may be allowed to
report some legislation in behalf of the Ter-
ritoties. I ask only what I have thought rea-
sonable, that the Territories should have an
opportunity to be heard. As I have said, the
indications are that the committee will not
again be called this session.
Mr. KELLEY. Say after the morning hour
and I do not object.
Mr. DAWES. Say next Saturday, instead
of the 1st of February.
Mr. CULLOM. I am willing for any day so
that the Committee on the Territories may
have a day to report such legislation as may
be desired.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must admonish
the gentleman from Illinois that if he makes it
after the morning hour he will take the risk of
there being no morning hour. He will avoid
the risk of losing the day by fixing a specific
time so as to allow a morning hour. Let him
say half past one.
Mr. CULLOM. I will say, after the reading
of the Journal.
The SPEAKER. Say half past one, so as
to allow a morning hour.
Mr. CULLOM. I am willing to agree to
that.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to set-
ting apart next Saturday, at half past one, for
reports from the Committee on the Territories?
Mr. RANDALL. I object to it absolutely,
for the purpose of making a statement. I do
not object if the gentleman from Illinois will
confine it to such bills as there shall be no
objection to.
Mr. CULLOM. I cannot agree to that.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not want any more
Territories thrust into the Union as States
when they have not one fourth of the popula-
tion entitling other sections of the country to
representation here.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no such bill to be
reported.
Mr. RANDALL. If there is no such bill I
do not object.
Mr. CULLOM. These Territories, embrac-
ing half of the territory of the United States,
ought to have a little hearing here.
Sir. RANDALL. 1 object to nothing but
the class of bills to which 1 refer.
Mr. CULLOM. I cannot agree to that.
Mr. RANDxVLL. I object, then.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will yield to this course.
Mr. RANDALL. I cannot.
Mr. DAWES. Then the gentleman from
Illinois had better wait, and move to suspend
the rules on Monday next.
Mr. RANDALL. Let him try it.
captain dominick lynch.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, reported back
joint resolution (Ii. R. No. 80) for the restora-
tion of Captain Dominick Lynch, of the United
States Navy, to the active list from the reserved
list, with the recommendation that the Senate
amendment be concurred in.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Strike out. after the wnrd "Navy.'' in line live,
down to and including the word "Navy" in line
eleven, and insert "as a captain;" so that it wtll
read:
That the President of thoUnited States of Amer-
ica be authorized to nominate, and by and with the
advice a.nd coubenlof the Senate to appoint. Captain
l>ominick Lynch to the aetivo list of the Navy as a
ca]itain.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the Senate
was concurred in ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOAR. I ask unanimous consent to
offer a bill for consideration now.
Mr. STILES. I insist on the regular order.
OIIDRR OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been demanded, the morning hour now begins
at nineteen minutes past twelve. Reports from
commit,tees of a private nature are in order,
beginning with the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to introduce a bill for reference.
The SPEAKER. The Chair himself must
object to that. The morning hour must be
preserved fur committee reports.
Mr. PAINE. My colleague from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Sawyer,] who is a member of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, has, to my knowledge,
a private bill which he desires to report this
morning, but is not in his seat. I ask the
House to consent that my colleague shall have
an opportunity of reporting when he comes in.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I may state that
Mr. Dixon, the chairman of the committee, is
so unwell as to be unable to be here to-day.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Sawyer]
is next on the list, but is not present. I trust
the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Paine] will be assented to.
There was no objection.
john r. bennett.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, reported back,
wiili the recommendation that it do pass, the
bill (H. 11. No. 1051) for the relief of John
li. Bennett, late register of the land office at
Chatfield, Minnesota.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
sum of $7,706 89 be, and the same is hereby,
•allowed to John R. Bennett, late register of
the land office at Chatfield, Minnesota, to
reimburse him for the money necessarily paid
out and expended by him in the payment' of
clerks necessarily employed in the said land
office between the St.h day of July, 1834, and
the 1st day of May, 1861. - The bill, in its sec-
ond section, authorizes and directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay the said John R.
Bennett $7,706 89 out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HOLMAN. I reserve the point oforder
until the report is read.
The report was read as follows:
Upon the claim of John R. Bennett for compensa-
tion for extra clerk hire, paid by him while acting as
register of United States land office at Brownsville
and Chatfield, Minnesota,theCommitteeonthc Pub-
lic Lands would report as follows:
That said Bennett acted as such officer for seven
years and received as total compensation &1G.514 74.
That ho gave his whole personal attention to the
business of the office, and paid out for extra clerical
servicc the sum of $7,706 80. That this employ-
ment of clcrks was at a time when preemptions and
entries of land were being rapidly made and became
necessary from the pressing public business; that
the increase of business arose largely on account of
entries by land warrants which required more than
ordinary timoand trouble; that attached to these
entries was a fee of one dollar for each forty acres,
toonchalfof which, both from ordinary construc-
tion of the law, and from the decision of several Ped-
eral courts to that effect, the applicant had a right
to believe himself entitled. These fees would in
his case have amounted to some sixteen thousand
two hundred and fifty dollars, in addition to above
amount received.
Upon the basis of this belief theapplica.ntma.de
the large expenditure of $7,708 89, above stated, for
clerk hire. But years afterward the Supreme Court
decided that such fees belonged to the United St ate?,
and ho was called upon by the General Land Office
to pay over thn amount, with the intimation thattho
amount for clerk hiro would be refunded by Con-
gress. "With such expectation the applicant raised
the amount by mortgaging his property, and did pay
over to the Department ail said fund. Had the said
decision of the Supreme Court been the accepted law
at the time, the applicant could not have supplied
the extra force in his office, and Congress must have
passed a law allowing the same, or have established
additional land districts.
Wc therefore maintain that h°is equitably entitled
to have refunded to him the $7,700 89, by him paid
ouf- for the Government.
We cannot refrain from calling attention to the
peculiar case of the applicant. Through the mort-
gage above mentioned he lost all his properly. He
was a brave soidier through the Mexican war.
Though exempt by age, he recruited a company for
the Federal Army near the commencement of' the
rebellion, and fought gallantly through to the end.
A little more than a year hencehe was robbed of the
small amount saved from his pay during the war,
and is now left without means at sixty-seven years
of age. and with minor daughtors dependent upon
him alone for suppoit.
A bill (S. 990) has passed the Senate allowing a
claim of picciaely the same character to the hens of
Ely Moore of Kansas. Several oftice?3 w<> arc in-
formed retained of the same kind ot fees sufficient to
pay such extra clerk hire and have not been com-
pelled to pay over by the Government.
We therefore recommend the passage of the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATJIAN liOYHlt.
Mr. TOWNSEND, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 415) con-
firming the title of Nathan Boyer to certain
land in the State of Michigan.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The hill was read. It is recited in the pre-
amble that Nathan Boyer, under date of June
20, 18G5, entered in the local land office at East
Saginaw, Michigan, for cash entry No. 9B35,
the south half of the southeast quarter of sec-
tion twenty, township thirteen north of range
two west, at the graduation price of twenty-live
cents per acre, having settled thereon, filed his
declaratory statement under the preemption
laws, and continued his residence upon and
improvement of said tracts until the date of
entry? except during his absence in the mili-
tary service of the United States. It is further
