1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1321
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question next recurred on -Mr. John-
son's amendment; and it was adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was agreed to ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
protection" of loyal citizens.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a privileged report. I report back from the
select Committee on Reconstruction House
bill No. 8011, to protect loyal and peaceable
citizens of the United States in the full enjoy-
ment of their rights, persons, liberty, and prop-
erty, and to enable such citizens to preserve
and perpetuate the evidence of losses claimed
to have been sustained by them in the war in
the States lately in rebellion, with a substitute,
and move that it be printed, and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. DICKEY. I desire to have an evening
session to discuss the Army appropriation bill.
Some gentlemen have prepared themselves to
speak on the subject, and we may as well have
an evening session for that purpose.
Mr. PETERS. There is to be no call of the
House.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That is the
most important bill before the House, and it
ought not to be passed in an evening session.
Mr. DA.WES. I hope the gentleman from
New York will give me an ear. The proposi-
tion of the Committee on Appropriation is to
give two and a half hours to the general dis-
cussion of the Army appropriation bill. Is not
that satisfactory?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. We want
it discussed in the day time when the House
is here, and especially after such scenes as
occurred here last night.
Mr. DAWES. I was not here last night.
If we do not have an evening session for de-
bate on the Army appropriation bill the Com-
mittee on Appropriations will have to take the
sense of the House on closing debate.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. There is a
political bill, reported from the Committee on
Reconstruction by the gentleman's colleague,
which we tjiay pass the evening in discussing.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague will not under-
take to supersede the appropriation bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Yes, he will.
I object to the consideration of the Army
appropriation bill in an evening session.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. DICKEY. I give notice that I shall
move to take a recess.
Mr. DAWES. And I shall move to close
general debate in half an hour, unless we have
an evening session for' the discussion of the
Army appropriation bill.
sbcukity ok life on steamboats.
TbeSPEAKER. Thegentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Conger] calls up Senate bill No. 710,
which was made a special order for to-day
at two o'clock.
Mr. CONGER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report back Senate
bill No. 716, to provide foj; the better pro-
tection of life on board of. vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam, and for other
purposes, together with the substitute, which
the.'committee recommend shall be adopted
in place of the Senate bill. .The substitute, I
may state, is House bill No. 2212.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
substitute.
Mr. HOOTS. This is a very long and a
very important bill, and it will be necessary
to read it afterward by sections for amend-
ment. 1 move that the first reading be dis-
pensed with, and that the Honse proceed to
consider the substitute by sections.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the bill will be read by sections, and each sec-
tion to which no amendment is offered will
be considered engrossed as read.
There was no objection.
The Clerk; proceeded to read the bill by
sections, and read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That no license, register, or enrollment shall be
granted, or other papers issued, by any collector or
other chief officer of the customs, to any vessel pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, until he shall
have satisfactory evidence that all the provisions of
this act have been fully complied with ; and if any
such vessel shall be navigated without complying
with the terms of this act, the owner or owners
thereof shall forfeit and pay to the United States
the sum of $500 for each offense, one half for the use
of the informer, and for which sum the steamboat or
vessel so engaged shall be liable, and may be seized
and proceeded against, by way of libel, in any district
court of the United States having jurisdiction of the
offense.
Sec. 2. Andbeitfurther enacted, That every steamer
so propelled, and carrying passengers or freight,
shall be provided with suitable pipes and valves
attached to the boiler to convey steam into the hold
and the different compartments thereof, to extinguish
fire; and every stove used on board of any such ves-
sel shall be well and securely fastened, so as to pre-
vent it from being moved or overthrown; and all
wood-work or other ignitible substances about tho
boilers, chimneys, cook-houses, and stove-pipes, ex-
posed to ignition, shall be thoroughly shielded by
some incombustible material, in such a manner as
to leave the air to circulate freely between such
material and wood-work or other ignitible sub-
stance ; and belore granting a certificate of inspec-
tion the inspectors shall require all other necessary
provisions to be made throughout such vessel to
guard against loss or danger from fire.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That every steamer
permitted by her certificate of inspection to carry as
many as fifty passengers or upward, or any steamer
carrying passengers, and shall also carry cotton, hay,
or hemp, shall be provided with a good double-act-
ing steam lire pump, or other equivalent apparatus
forthrowingwater; saidpumporothe.rupparatus for
throwing water shall be kept at all times and at all
seasons of the year in good order and ready for im-
mediate use. having at, least two pipes of suitable
dimensions, one on each side of the vessel, to con-
vey the water to the upper decks; to these pipes
there shall be attached, by means of stop-coeks or
valves, both between decks and on the upper deck,
good and suitable hose of sufficient strength to stand
a pressure of not less than one hundred pounds to
the square inch, long enough to reach to all parts
of the vessel, and properly provided with nozzles,
and kept in good order and ready for immediate ser-
vice; and every steamer exceeding two hundred tons
burden, and carrying passengers, shall be provided
with two good double-acting fire pumps, to be worked
by hand ; each chamber of said pumps shall be of
sufficient capacity to contain not less than one hun-
dred cubic inches of water; said pumps shall be
placed in the most suitable parts of the vessel for
efficient service, having suitable, well-fitted hose to
each pump, of at least one half the vessel in length,
kept at nil times in perfect order, and shipped up
and ready fortimmediate use; and on every such
steamer not exceeding two hundred tons one of such
pumps may be dispensed with; and each fire pump
thus provided for shall be supplied with water by
means of a suitable pipe connected therewith, and
passing through the side of the vessel so low as to be
at all times under water when she is afloat; and no
fire pump thus piovided for shall be placed below
tho lower deck of any such vessel; and every steamer
shall be provided with a pump which shall be of
sufficient strength and suitably arranged to test the
boilers thereof. Bat the capacity of one hundred
cubic inohes, as herein required, shall not apply to
steamers now in service.
Mr. NEGLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment to that section:
Section three, strike out all tho words contained
in the lines seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty,
twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four,
twenty-five, twenty-six, and twenty-seven, and in-
sert in lieu thereof "and every steamer carrying
passengers shall bo provided with one good double-
acting fire pump, to be worked by hand ; the chamber
ofsaid pump shall be of sufficientcapacity to contain
not less than one hundred cubic inches of water for
every steamer not exceeding two hundred tons bur-
den, which capacity shall bo increased so as to con-
tain fifty inches more for every hundred tons burden
in steamers exceeding two hundred tons; said pump
shall be placed in the most suitable part of the vessel
for efficient service, having suitable, well-fitted hose
of at least one half the vessel in length, kept at all
times in perfect order, and shipped up and ready for
immediate use; and said pump thus."
Mr. CONGER. Does thegentleman from
Pennsylvania propose to make any remarks
on his amendment?
Mr. NEGLEY. Only one or two.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Neglet] offers an amendment
to the ibird section. Is there objection?
Mr. CONGER. I do not object to the amend-
ment being offered.
Mr. NEGLEY. Two pumps are unneces-
sary. One is sufficient provided the chamber
is of sufficient capacity to do the work as pro-
vided in the bill.
Mr. CQNCIER. Mr. Speaker, the provis-
ions of this bill have been very carefully con-
sidered by the Treasury Department and by
the board of supervising inspectors. It was
prepared there, in fact, and is a revision of
the present law, making such changes as are
thought to be absolutely necessary in thai law.
As regards the provision, au amendment to
which has been offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, that meets the approval of the
boardof supervising inspectors, and theamend-
ment would change somewhat several of the
provisions of this bill and make them incon:
sistent. Now there is a proviso which leaves
the number of these pumps to be determined
by the board of supervising inspectors, accord-
ing to the capacity .of the vessel, and that pro-
vides, I think, all the gentleman is entitled
to ask, and I hope his amendment will not
be adopted^
Mr. NEGLEY. In reply to the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] I would say
that one very great objection which we have
to the bill, and one which has arrested, the
attention of owners of steamboats and other
i river craft, is the fact that it has been pre-
\ pared in the Treasury Department without
i reference to the wishes of those who have a
j material interest in those vessels. The bill
| has been submitted to a number of the owners,
: the largest owners, of steamboats in my dis-
'i trict, and the amendment I have offered is in
! conformity with what they have suggested. It
l is the result of their best experience and good
judgment, is not at all intended to emascu-
late the gentleman's bill, and I think ought
to have the approval of this Honse. There ia
a history connected with the preparation of
this bill which, if I were to present it to the
House, would not command for the gentlemen
who have had part in it the consideration- they
desirs.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, while this bill
has been prepared at the Treasury Depart-
ment, and while it has received the approval
of the board of supervising inspectors, it has
also been sent to all the boards of trade in the
United States, and has received the approval
| of almost all the ship-owners in the United
j States. I have in my possession the written
j petitions of more than two thirds of all the
ship-owners and masters of vessels in the
United States for the passage of this identical
bill as printed. These petitions are from
Pittsburg, Cincinnati, St. Louis, Chicago, Mil-
waukee, New York, New Orleans, and every
other principal sea-porl, in the United States,
so that it is a bill which meets the approval
of the shipping interests all over the country
just as it is. Those petitions, which 1 have
not thought it necessary to bring before the
House, ask Congress to pass the bill No. 2212,
referring to the identical printed bill which is
now under consideration.
Mr. NEGLEY. Those petitions have been
obtained, precisely as many features of this
bill have been prepared, by an officious gen-
tleman connected with the Treasury Depart-
ment. who has been maneuvering in his own
interest for the purpose of creating a number
of offices in that Department for several years.
When I say that the bill does not meet the
approval of the largest ship-owners in my dis-
trict I speak authoritatively, and the amend-
ments which I propose here are amendments
suggested by very large-owners of ships and by
shipmasters. If, then, the gentleman proposes
to speak for persons in my district, I would
be very happy to see the authority on which
he does so.
Mr. POTTER. I have no sympathy with
