1934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
secutive miles of either of said roads or branches is
completed in a good, substantial, and workmanlike
manner as a first-class railroad, and the said Secre-
tary shall be satisfied that the said State has com-
plied in good faith with this requirement, the said
State may cause to be sold all the lands granted ad
aforesaid, situated opposite to and within a limit of
ten. miles of the line of said section of road thus
completed, extending along thewhole length of said
completed section of twenty miles of said road and
no further. And when the Governor of said State
shall certify to the Secretary of the Interior, and
the Secretary shall be satisfied that another section
of said roads or branches, twenty consecutive miles
in extent, connecting with the preceding section, is
completed as aforesaid, the said State may cause to
be sold all the lands granted, and situated opposite
to and within the lnnitof ten miles of the line of the
said completed section of road, and extending along
the length of said section, and so, from time to time,
until the said roads and branches are completed,
and when tho Governor of said State shall so certify,
and the Secretary of the Interior shall be satisfied
that the whole of said roads and branches, and tele-
graph are completed in a good, substantial, and
workmanlike manner as first-class railroad and tele-
graph, the said State may cause to be sold all the
remaining lauds granted and selected for the pur-
poses indicated in the act, situated within the said
limits of twenty miles from the line thereof through-
out the entire length of said roads and branches:
Provided, Thatif any part ofsaidroads and branches
is not completed within ten years from the passage
of this act no further sale shall be made, and the
lands unsold shall revert to tho United States."
It will be seen that the foregoing section guaran-
ties the completion of the road according to the
terms of the ehartei by providing a foi feiiure of one
half of the lands in case of non-compliance.
The effect of Senate bill 194 will be to give to tho
compauy all the lands specified in the original act
on the completion of each twenty miles, and reserv-
ing no part thereof till the completion of the road,
and also to relieve the company from the necessity
ofcomplethig the entire road by the 3d of March,
1873, as they are bound to do by the terms of the
original act.
Another view is, that the State of Kansas has
already given one hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand acres of land to the Leavenworth, Lawrence,
and Galveston Kailroad Company in consideration
ot the construction of the road from Leavenworth
to the southern line ol' tho State, so that tho passage
of the amended bill will not only relieve that com-
pany from its obligation to the General Government
to complete its road within tho time and in the man-
ner specified in tho original act. but will enable it to
disregard its obligation to the State of Kansas.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. -That is not the
same bill.
Mr. RANDALL. It is the same thing. I
ask that the amendment be read.
Mr. .VIcNEELY. This is a steal; I know
all about it.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Thegentleman
states what is false.
Mr. McNEELY. This is a State steal.
Mr. RANDALL; It is a snake, a mere
snake.
The amendment was read as follows :
Insert in line six, after the word "road," "south
of Humboldt, and notwestof thevalleyof the Little
verdigris river."
The House refused to suspend the rules,
(two thirds not voting iti favor thereof.)
dr. j. milton best.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, moved to suspend
the rules for the purpose of discharging the
Committee of Claims from the further consid-
eration of Senate bill No. 667, for the relief
of Dr. J. Milton Best.
The bill, which was read, provides that there
be paid, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of $25,000, to
Dr. J.Milton Best, of Paducah, Kentucky, in
compensation for the destruction of his dwell-
ing-house and its contents, by order of Colonel
S. J. Hicks, commanding the United States
troops at Paducah, Kentucky, on the 26th day
of March, 1864. 3
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I ask unanimous
consent to make a statement.
Mr. HAY. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. SITANKS. I object to the gentleman
from Illinois being allowed to debate the bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion which the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Moore] makes
is not debatable.
Mr. HAY. I protest against these proceed-
ings. In this last session of the House, in
these closing hours of this Congress, all these
claims have been brought forward here for
consideration. Why should this be done at a
time when this Congress is about to expire?
Several members called for the regular order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We cannot hear what is
going on. What is the proposition before the
House?
The SPEAKER. A great deal of disorder
is the principal thing which the Chair sees.
Mr. FOX. I hope the Chair will preserve
order.
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the
Chair to preserve order, except by request to
the members. It is for the members them-
selves to preserve order, and the Chair hopes
that members will do so.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We will stand by the
Speaker on that proposition until daylight
to-morrow. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair has been asked
what is the proposition before the House, and
will state it. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Moore] introduced from the Committee
of Claims 
Mr. PETERS. I rise to a point of (Jrder.
The SPEAKER. The Chair just now has
the right to speak, and will exercise that right.
The gentleman from Illinois introduced a bill
from the Committee of Claims.
Mr. PETERS." I deny that it is from the
Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. That is a question of fact.
The Chair will inquire of the gentleman from
Illinois how he came in possession of the bill.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I will explain
that, if the House will allow me.
Mr. HAY. I would like to know the reason
why the apportionment bill is not reported
here. [Laughter.]
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I call the gen-
tleman to order. I hope order will be main-
tained.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that this bill is indorsed a^ having been re-
ported from the Committee of Claims.
Mr. PETERS. The chairman of that com-
mittee says that it has never been indorsed by
the committee or ordered to be reported.
The SPEAKER. That was not what the
Chair stated.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. If the Chair will
allow me, I will state where I got the bill.
The SPEAKER. TheCh^air desires to make
a statement. The Chair stated that the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Moore,] from the
Committee of Claims, reported the bill. It
does not follow that it must be the report of
the Committee of Claims, for the gentleman
moves to suspend the rules, and that brings it
before the House if two thirds say so. The
Chair will again submit the question. The
gentleman from Illinois, from the Committee
of Claims, moves that the rules be suspended,
and that the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill in regard to J. Milton Best, and that the
same be passed.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I desire to state
that it was oil consultation 
Mr. VAN WYCK and Mr. SHANKS
objected, to debate.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I merely desire
to explain how the bill comes here.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois must understand that when he makes an
undebatable motion, and that when another
gentleman objects to debate, he himself must
not debate it.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I was not debat-
ing it.
the SPEAKER. Then the gentleman will
preserve silence.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Let me rise to a
point of order. It was charged here that I
had presented a bill without authority. I ask
if I had not the privilege of contradicting that
statement.
The SPEAKER. Not if objection was
made to debate.
Mr. PETERS. I made the charge on the
authority of the chairman of the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. On the point of
order, as a matter of justice to my colleague,
[Mr. Moore,] I think he is entitled to be
heard.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Shanks] will withdraw his objec-
tion the Chair will cheerfully hear him.
Mr. SHANKS. I do not withdraw the objec-
tion. I object to any debate unless the chair-
man of the committee will state what are the
facts.
The SPEAKER. Then the only question
before the House is : " Will the House suspend
the rules and relieve the Committee of Claims
from the further consideration of this bill and
pass the same ?"
The question being put on suspending the
rules, there were—ayes 48, noes 78.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The SPEAKER. Two thirds not having
voted for suspending the rules, the bill remains
in the possession of the Committee of Claims.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
829) in relation to fraudulent trade-marks upon
foreign watches.
The message also announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the joint resolution (S. R. No. 295)
relating to the rights of actual settlers upon
certain lands in Iowa.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed the bill (H. R. No. 3064) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,
1872, and for other purposes, with amend-
ments; in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
The House proceeded to the consideration
of the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. 11. No. 3064) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1872, and for other
purposes.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I have looked
over the amendments made by the Senate to
this bill, and I have conferred with several
members of the Committee on Appropriations.
I find that the aggregate of the appropriations
in the bill is less than when it went over to
the Senate. They have stricken out some pro-
visions which the committee would rather have
had in the bill. They have stricken out qual-
ifications which the committee regret to find
stricken out, in reference to unexpended bal-
ances. But on the whole I think all the mem-
bers of the committee who have examined the
amendments agree with me, thatit is better for
the House to concur in all these amendments
than toappointa committee of conference ; for
in the end there would be more added to the
bill than there would be by a general concur-
rence in the amendments. I wish to ask that
the amendments be read at the Clerk's desk ;
and then if the House shall agree with me, I
shall ask a suspension of the rules and a con-
currence in all the amendments.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentl eman
will state wherein they differed with the Ifouse
in these amendments. From the reading of
them by numbers the House will never under-
stand them; but if the gentleman will briefly
state, for the benefit of the House, what the
changes are, we shall all be able to understand
them.
I he SPEAKER, As the Clerk reads the
