1871.
THE CONGKESSIOKAL GLOBE.
1323
every bale of cotton shall be completely cov-
ered in some way, and that the proprietors of
any boat carrying cotton not thus covered shall
be subjected to penalties. It is a fact well
known to every man who has traveled on our
Mississippi boats that with the bagging in use
it would be utterly imposible to keep the bales
in the condition in which this bill proposes to
require them to be kept.
Mr. CONGER.. The gentleman from Ark-
ansas is submitting remarks upon no prop-
osition. I would like him to submit to the
House his amendment, if he proposes any.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Arkansas will send up his amend-
ment in writing.
Mr. ROGERS. I supposed that our legis-
lation here was for the common good, and
that no gentleman would be a stickler for any-
thing having any other tendency. Hence my
remarks.
Mr. CALKIN. I hope the gentleman will
submit his amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objection is
made to permitting the gentleman from Ark-
ansas to proceed when no amendment is
pending.
Mr. ROGERS. Would an amendment be
in order to a provision that has already been
passed ?
Mr. CALKIN. I hope the gentleman will
prepare his amendment, and not detain the
Honse by debate when no proposition is
pending.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Arkansas must send up his amend-
ment.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the word " thoroughly " in the clause
which now reads:
Nor shall baled cotton or hemp be carried on such
steamers unless the bales are compactly pressed
and thoroughly covered with bagging or similar
fabric, <fec.
If this amendment be adopted we simply
make reasonable allowance for the casualties
incident to wear and tear in the moving of
cotton. I hope the gentleman from Michi-
gan. who is not perhaps as well acquainted
with this subject as some of us who live further
south, will consider this proposition not as
one antagonistic to the bill, but as one of
merit. I hope he will go with us to strike
out this word " thoroughly," so that these
penalties .may not attach merely because the
covering is torn in handling. If. the require-
ment of the bill is to be enforced, steamboats
will not carry this cotton. Cotton pannot be
transported to New Orleans or elsewhere
without some portion of the bagging being
torn; yet for this unavoidable wear and tear
men are to be subjected to the penalties
named in this bill.
Mr. BOLES. Mr. Speaker, I hope this
House will adopt the amendment of my col-
league. We wish to protect our farmers;
under the provisions of this bill, as they now
stand, any bale of cotton which may have its
bagging torn, however slightly, in the ship-
ment or in hauling, will subject its owner and
producer to a fine of five dollars. There is a
penalty of five dollars imposed each and every
time this bale of cotton may change hands.
Anybody acquainted with the transportation
of cotton knows that the bagging of cotton
b&les is constantly being torn by deck-hands,
and for every case of torn bagging this penalty
of five dollars is imposed. It is unjust to our
cotton-planters.
It may be said that the boat is liable. If
the boat be made liable for torn bagging in the
shipment of cotton, and subject in every case
to this penalty, it will work in this way: then
the boats will not take cotton for transporta-
tion. I hope-, therefore, that we shall exempt
our farmers from this penalty of five dollars
each and every time the bagging of cotton bales
may be torn.
Mr. CONGER. I have only to say that
most of the casualties upon southern waters
and most of the loss of life and property come
from the fact that cotton has not been securely
protected from fire. It is simply a question
for this House to determine whether a little
more care shall be taken by those who ship
cotton upon passenger steamboats, so as in the
best manner to protect life.
Mr. HOGE. I am in favor of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Arkansas. It
seems to me that certain gentlemen who are
in favor of requiring our planters to buy addi-
tional amount of bagging are working alone in
the interest of bagging manufacturers. It is
well known by every raiser of cotton, by every
planter, and by every one acquainted with the
subject, that a bale of cotton is not entirely
covered with bagging. It is covered at the top
and bottom and on the sides, but the ends
are left open. There are various reasons for
this. Among others, it is to enable the man
who inspects cotton to ascertain its quality.
Besides, it is a saving of bagging ; and every
dollar the planter has to invest in bagging is
that much out of his pocket. This looks like
regulating a matter which belongs to the pro-
ducer, the planter, the people who have this
cotton for sale. This House might just as
well say that apples in New England should
be put up in a certain kind of barrel, or that
other articles should only be transported in
certain packages. I hold, under the Consti-
tution of the United States, Congress has no
right to say how articles shall be put up for
transportation, unless such articles as gun-
powder, petroleum, &e. There is no doubt
but the people who produce cotton have the
right to prepare it for shipment as best suits
them and their own interest. I am therefore
in favor of striking out of this section the word
"thoroughly;" and let those who ship our
cotton and those who own our steamboats
take the necessary precautions to protect their
boats from fire. Let them run the risk.
The question recurred on Mr. Rogers'§
amendment,.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
22, noes 44.
No further count being insisted on, the
amendment was rejected. '
Mr. PLATT. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing words:
Nor shall baled cotton or hemp be carried on such
steamers, unless the bales are compactly pressed and
thoroughly covered with bagging or similar fabric
and secured with good iron bands; and every bale
of cotton or hemp that shail be shipped or carried
on any passenger steamer without conforming to the
provisions of this section shall be subject to a pen-
alty of five dollars, one half to the informer ;• which
bales shall bo liable to seiz ure and sale to secure the
payment of such penalty.
That is the provision of this section relating
to the transportation of cotton and hemp, and
I should like to ask the gentleman reporting
this bill whether cotton is any more danger-
ous than hay? I think it is not. Why then
does not the bill provide that the hay of New
England and the middle States shall be put
up in bales and covered with bagging, or bound
with iron hoops instead of permitting it to be
bound only by pieces of wood ? It is ah unjust-
discrimination against the agricultural pro-
ducts of the southern States which ought not
to be permitted by this Congress. I say in
my opinion there is no more danger in trans-
porting a bale of cotton bound with iron hoops
than in transporting a bale of hay uncovered
except by just enough to hold it together. It
would work very disastrously to the greatest
interest we have among us. There is a very
large quantity of cotton sent to market, made
up in this way, as has been done ever since
the first disdovery of Virginia. It is only
recently that iron ties have come into use
among the planters in the South, The only
benefit I can see that will result from this
provision will inure to the people jvho are
now manufacturing the iron bands. I believe
it to be an unjust discrimination, not at all
necessary for the purposes contemplated by
this bill, as there is not sufficient danger in
the transporting of cotton, in the way in which
it is now put up, to market, to warrant such
an enactment as is here proposed. I hope it
may be the sense of the House to strike out
this provision in regard to the transportation
of cotton.
Mr. CONGER. I oppose the amendment,
and call for a vote.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and there were—ayes twenty-five, noes not
counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That all gunpow-
der, nitro-glycerine. camphene. naphtha, benzine,
benzole, coal oil, crude petroleum, oil of vitriol,
nitric or other chemical acids, oil or spirits of tur-
pentine, friction matches, and all other articles of
like character, when-packed or put up for shipment,
shall bo securely paeked and pat up separately from
each other and from all other articles, and the pack-
age, box, cask, or other vessel containing the same
shall be distinctly marked on the outside with tbe
name or description of the article contained therein;
and every person who shall pack or put up, or cause
to be paeked or put up, for shipments any gunpow-
der, nitro-glycerine, camphene, naphtha, benzine,
benzole, coal oil, crude or refined petroleum, oil of
vitriol, nitric or other chemical acids, oil or spirits
of tu'rpentine, friction matches, or other articles of
like character, otherwise than as aforesaid, or shall
knowingly ship or attempt to ship the same, or shall
deliver the same to any such vessel as stores, unless
packed and marked as aforesaid, shall be deemed .
guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon conviction there-
of by any court of competent jurisdiction, shall bo
punished by fine not exceeding $2,000 or imprison-
ment not exceeding eighteen months, or both, one
half of the fine to go to the informer and the arti-
cles to be liable to seizure and forfeiture.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That every vessel
so propelled by steam and carrying passengers dur-
ing the night time shall keep a suitable number of
watchmen in the cabins and on each deck to guard
against fire or other dangers, and to give alarm ia
case of accident or disaster; and for every neglect
of this duty the license cf the officer in charge of
the vessel for the time being shall be revoked;
and the board of supervising inspectors may require
every such steamer, and also steamers carrying
freight, to be provided with such number and kind
of good and efficient portable fire-extinguishers as
in the judgment of the board may bo necessary to
protect them from fire when such steamers are
moored or lying at a wharf without steam to work
the pumps; and if any owner of such vessel shall
neglect or refuse to furnish the requisite number of
men necessary to keep watch, as herein required,
he shall be fined $1,000, one half to be paid to the
informer.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Is it understood
that the words at the end of the sixth section,
"one half to be paid to the informer," are
stricken out, in accordance with the former
vote ?
Mr. CONGER- It is not.
Mr. NEGLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Section six, strike out, in lines ten and eleven, the
words " and kind of good and efficient portable fire-
extinguishers as in the judgment of the board may
bercquiredto protect," and insert the words "of
metallic tanks or barrels of not less capacity than
twenty-five gallons each; at least one to be placed
in the after end of the ladies' cabin, one about mid-
ship and one at the forward end, with the same
number of corresponding ones below deck, con-
nected in such, a manner as that the water may run
from one into the other, these tanks or barrels to
be kept full at all times, with two buckets attached
to each of them by hooks so as to protect."
Mr. NEGLEY. The term "fire-extinguish-
ers" is unknown to most people, as well as
their use, while water-buckets and tanks will
better answer all exigencies, as everybody
knows how to handle a bucket.
Mr. CONGER. Within the last three weeks
'one of the most dangerous fires which have
occurred on our southern rivers has been ex-
tinguished by these portable fire-extinguish-
ers, and the lives of many passengers have
undoubtedly been saved by their use.
Mr. NEGLEY. Will the gentleman be
kind enough to state at the same time how
many lives have been saved by water-buckets
and tanks? It is not enough that the gentle-
man has discovered one instance in which fire-
extinguishers have done some work.
Mr. CONGER. I oppose the amendment,
