1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1935
amendments, if they need any explanation,
the gentleman from Massachusetts can explain
thetn.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations what
members of the committee have examined these
amendments? I have not, and I have not been
asked to do so.
Mr. McNEELY. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that he explain the
amendments as the Clerk reads them.
Mr. DAWES. Thatiswhat I propose to do.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No person will be able
to understand what they mean from the read-
ing by the numbers. If the gentleman" will
state what they are, upon his responsibility,
to the House we will rely upon that.
Mr. DAWES. I do not choose to have a
vote taken simply upon my own statement,
for the examination which I have made of
these amendments was necessarily a very cur-
sory one.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think it would be much
better for the gentleman to state on his responsi-
bility what they are.
enrolled bills, etc., signkd.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of
the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
A bill (S. No. 995) for the relief of purchas-
ers of lands sold for direct taxes in the insur-
rectionary States; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2816) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes.
Mr. PEHCE, from tlie same cojnmittee,
reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled, bills of the following
titles; when tlie Speaker signed the same:
A bill (H. R. No. 2237) granting a pension
to Bridget Angus;
A bill (H. H. IS!o. 2789) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1872, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 3036) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and comple-
tion of certain public works on rivers aud har-
bors. and for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3076) granting a pension
to Lucia Marden.
Mr. FOX, from the same committee, re-
poued that the committee had examined and
found tiuly enrolled bills and joint resolu-
tions of the following titles ; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A bill (S. No. 545) for the relief of William
Chinti ;
A bill (S. No. 659) for the relief of A. A.
De Long:
A bill (S. No. 829) in relation to fraudulent
trade-marks upon foreign watches;
Joint resolution (S. R No. 234) referring to
the Court of Claims claims against the United
States for the loss of the schooner William
Carlton ; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 295) relating to
the rights of actual settlers upon certain lands
in Iowa.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
The Clerk then read the amendments of the
Senate.
Mr. DAWES. I think that, having heard
the several amendments read, the House will
agree with us that no sundry civil service bill
has come back from the Senate for many a
year so free from amendments as this hill, and
that no one would be likely to come back so
Utile open to objection in that respect. I have
conferred with the enrolling clerks, and they
tell me that unless they can have this bill by
five o'clock they will be unable to complete
the enrollment of it before twelve o'clock.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts recommend that we permit the
enrolling clerks to determiae what bills shall
Mr. DAWES. I think that no one can
expect a perfect bill, even if this should be
referred to any conference committee that we
would be likely to obtain. It would be impos-
sible for us to submit it to a conference com-
mittee and obtain a report from that commit-
tee and have it acted upon by both Houses in
time to have the bill enrolled. It therefore
comes to this, that after all our laborand effort
to pass the several appropriation bills we shall
fail upon this, the last bill, unless we are will-
ing to concur in the amendments of the Sen-
ate. Those of us who feel that those amend-
ments are not precisely what we would ask
should consider that after all they are better
than we are in the habit of getting upon the
sundry civil bill in the last hours of the ses-
sion, and quite as good as we have any reason
to expect at the hands of a conference commit-
tee, even if we had more time to refer the bill
to such a committee?
Mr. PETERS. Is thisbillas it comes back
to us from the Senate less in amount than the
bill that went from the House?
Mr. DAWES. It is.
Mr. FA RNS WORTH. I desire to say that
I am much gratified at some of the amend-
ments of the Senate as I heard them read. I
think the Senate have improved the bill very
decidedly, and I am in favor of concurring in
their amendments.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no fight to make over
this bill except this: if thegentleman will allow
me, I want to call the attention of the House
to some of the points in this bill. The House
resolved awhile ago what their powers were;
that is all right. Now, at the end of this bill
the Senate have attached a civil service bill;
in my opinion the most obnoxious bill of the
character which has come before this House.
It gives the President full power to appoint
a commission, and to prescribe rules for the
examination of every man in the United States
of America who is to hold a civil office; it
gives him all that power, all that political
machinery. I will not call it a trick, but it has
been put upon this bill at this time, although
the House has uniformly voted down every bill
of the kind that has come before it. I do pro-
test against it, and if the House shall pass this
bill with this civil service bill attached to it, a
measure which the House has always opposed,
I will ask for the yeas and nays in order that
I may record my vote against it.
Mr. RANDALL. I think that amendment
is a recommendation of the bill.
Mr. DAWES. Permit me to read this civil
service bill which the gentleman says the Sen-
ate has attached by way of amendment. It
is substantially a joint resolution which was
introduced into this House by my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Armstrong] on the 30th
of June last. This is all there is of it:
That the President of the United States he, and he
is hereby, authorized to presciibe such rules and
regulations for the admission of persons into the civil
service of the United States as will best promote the
efficiency thereof, and ascertain the fitness of each
candidatein respect to ago. health, character, knowl-
edge. and ability for the branch of service intowhich
ho seeks to enter; and for this purpose the President
is authorized to employ suitable persons to eondact
said inquiries, to prescribe their duties, and to estab-
lish regulations for the conduct of persons who may
receive appointments in the civil tervice.
Mr. PETERS. Has he not that power now ?
Mr. DAWES. He has all that power. If
you will go up to the War Department or the
Department of the Interior you will see pretty
much all of this nailed up on the doors, in the
form of rules and regulations.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It adds to
the expenditure of the Government by creating
a commission for this purpose, and also by
increasing very largely the number of officers.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield a moment to tho
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] who
desires to say a word or two in reference to an
amendment concerning the compensation of
the census-takers.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
a word in relation to the increased compensa-
tion given to those who took the census. The'
House passed a bill which I very much regret
the Senate did not also pass in place of what
is here. I will explain in a word or two the
difference. The House bill provided that all
assistant marshals who now receive less than
five dollars a day for actual day's work in the
field, taking the enumeration, should have
their pay increased to five dollars a day. The
amendment put on this bill provides that these
officers shall have fifty per cent, added to their
compensation, provided it does not make the
amount more than eight dollars per day. There
are large numbers of these men who now do
not get two dollars a day; and a still larger
number who do not get three; and neither of
these classes will by this bill have their pay
increased to five dollars a day. But I pre-
sume that the bill as it stands, while it gives
some relief, will take less money out of the
Treasury than the bill passed by the House.
One word more, and I am done. I am ex-
ceedingly glad that we are able at last to give,
for the first time in the history of this Govern-
ment, a legislative expression in favor of civil
service reform. Forthis reason, if for no other,
I would vote to pass the bill without referring
it to a committee of conference; and I hope
it will receive the approval of the House.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to thegentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, the little
experience 1 have had since I have been in
Congress has led mc to believe that the most
dangerous legislation which we have is that
proposed in these reports of committees of
conference, especially upon appropriation bills.
In these cases we know very little of what the
Senate does; the amendments of that body
are presented to us numbered one, two, three,
&c., and in the hurry of legislation we are
unable to understand the purport of a single
amendment.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] tells us that he recommends concur-
rence in these amendments as they perhaps
present the bill in the best form in which it
can be obtained under the circumstances. In
other words, he yields from the necessities of
the case. Sir, on this occasion I want to enter
my protest against this system of legislation.
Congress will meet again to-morrow. There
is no necessity of our taking matters of this
kind upon trust. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts confesses (I certainly do not wish to
make any charge against him) that he himself
is utterly unable to tell the House the precise
effect of the amendments of the Senafetothis
bill. If he does not confess that, he certainly
claims more information than any gentlemen,
I take it, would dare to assume in regard to
this bill.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield two minutes to my
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Armstrong,]
the author of the civil-service provision incor-
porated in this bill as an amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have not concluded.
I want to put a question to the gentleman;
and in doing so I must confess that I do not
understand the bill. I want to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts whether the Senate
have restored the appropriation of $100,000
for the Freedmen's Bureau which was struck
out by the House.
Mr. DAWES. I do not see that in the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman says he-
does not see it. Will he tell us whether it is
there or not. Is he prepared to give us that
information, or does he confess his ignorance?
Mr. DAWES. The amendments have been
read at the desk in the hearing of my distin-
guished friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
11idge.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I confess that I do not
understand them ; and the gentleman does not
undertake to tell us what they are. I protest
against the passage of a bill under such cir-
cumstances. The gentleman has been very
