1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
497
proposed by the Secretary are not questioned
bv any o:i<! win) is acquainted with the facts.
I demand the previous question on the passage
of the resolution.
Th-  joint resolution wus ordered to bo en-
grossed and lead a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed,
llr. KKiiil moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider he
laid on the. table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DON'AT!OX OP OOXDKMNKD OUDN'ANCE,
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. The Committee
oil Jlilitaiy Affairs, to whom were referred tfen-
ale amendments to the joint resolution (II. It.
No. S77) {.'ranting condemned ordnance to the
Seventh Itegimeiit Monument Association of
Ohio, have directe d ine to report the same back
with a r< commendation that the House concur
iti the amendments of the Senate.
The amendments, which were read, propose
to rtrike out "eight" and insert "four,'' and
to insert before the. word "cannon the word
"iron;'' so that the clause will read "four
pieces of condemned iron cannon.''
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendments were
concur!ed in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be iaid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fRAXCfS J. IMTTEU.
On motion of Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, the
Committee on Military Affairs was discharged
from the further consideration of the bill (II.
I!. No. 1 'Sit) i for the relief of Francis .T. Ditter ;
and the same was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
IX I> IA X RESERVATION, CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, the
Committee on Military Affairs was discharged
from the further consideration of the letter of
the Secretary of the Interior, in answer to a
resolution of the House of May 24, 1&70, in
relation to establishing an Indian reservation
in San Diego county, California ; and the same
was refened to the Committee on Indian
AB'aiis.
MA it! A J0SEFA CAVA/,03.
On mo'ion of Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, the
Committee on Military Affairs was discharged
from the further consideration of the letter of
the Secretary of War, in answer to aresolution
of the House of February 10, 1570, transmit-
ting ceitain papers pertaining to the claim of
Maria .Josefa Oavazos for rent of Fort Brown
military reservation, Texas; and the same was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
DISPOSITION' OF MILITARY HESER.VATIOXS.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon the following; and the committee were
discharged from the further consideration of
the same; and they were laid on the table:
Bill (H. K. No. 2150) to provide for the
disposition of useless military reservations;
Communication, with accompanying docu-
ments. from the Secretary of War, relative to
Point San Jose military reservation;
Bdl fll. K. No. 175'.)) to aid in founding
an sigrieultural college in Washington Terri-
tory ;
Petition for grant, of Walla-Walla military
reservation, Washington Territory, for agu-
r.r.,1 eollege:
Jieniijnstrai.ee.-> against, the same;
Letter and accompanying papers from the
Secretary of War on the same subject: and
Letter of Secretary of War, recommending
'he passage of a joint resolution authorizing
him to relinquish to the Commissioner of the
Oe.neral Land Office, for disposition, accord-
ing to law, the United States military reserva
41st Cong. 3d Ress.—No. 32.
tion of Fort Wayne, in the State of Arkansas,
which is no longer required for military pur-
poses.
OAl'TAfS P,RVrNS"'s " INDEPENDENT RANGERS."
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, also,from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon the following; and the committee was
discharged from the further consideration of
the same ; and they wpre laid on the table:
Memorial of the Arkansas Legislature, ask-
ing relief for Captain John W. Bevins and his
command of 1'independent rangersand
Letter from the Adjutant General on the
same subject.
I'AY OF OREGON VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. COBB, ofWisconsin,also,from theCom-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon the following; and the committee was
discharged from the further consideration of
the same : and it was laid on the table:
Biief of report relative to claim of two com-
panies of Oregon volunteers, commanded by
Captains Jesse Walker and Nathan Olney,
called into service to suppress Indian hostil- I
ities in Oregon in 1854, to be included in
the provisions of the act approved July 17,
i-;:-:-i.
J. II. m'KAJILY J. f. EA11LEY
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, also, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon the following; and the committee was
discharged from the further consideration of
the same: and they were laid on the table :
Petition of James M. McKamey, praying
compensation for services during the rebel-
lion : and
Petition of Lieutenant James F. Earley, of
Bledsoe county, Tennessee, for services ren-
dered the United States Government.
ROBERT WEIIE.
Mr. COBB, ofWisconsin, also, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon the petition and accompanying papers
of Robert Wehe, late lieutenant one hundred
and nineteenth New York volunteers, for pay
wrongfully withheld, moved that the commit-
tee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the same, and that it he laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY PRISON'S.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, also, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon a letter of the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting report of Adjutant General recom-
mending the adoption of a system of military
prisons, and submitting a draft of a proposed
law upon the subject, and moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the same, and that it be laid on the
table.
The motion was agred to.
BATE OF ARMY COMMISSIONS.
Mr. COBB, ofWisconsin, also, from the Com-
mittee oil Military' Affairs, reported adversely
upon the bill (H. K. No. 2G2) to provide
for the date of commissions to fill original
vacancies in the Army of the United States,
and moved that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the same, and
that, it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MRS. JANE NOitTIlUIGK.
Mr. COBB. ofWisconsin, also, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon the bill (H. II. No. 2255) for the relief
of Mrs. Jane Northrigc, and moved that the
committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the same, and that it be laid on
the tabic.
The motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN JAMES ADKIN30X.
Mr. COBB, ofWisconsin, also, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon the petition of Captain James W. Adkin-
son, of Tennessee, prayingto be reimbursed pay
and expenses for recruiting, and moved that
the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the same,, and that it be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
L1EUTENAXX B. II, WALLER.
Mir. COBB, of Wisconsin, also, from the Com-
mittee oil Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon the petition of Lieutenant B. li. Waller,
late of twentieth Kentucky infantry volunteers,
praying to be mustered and allowed pay as
second lieutenant, and moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the same, and that it be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
COLONEL JAMES A. DOUGHTY.
Mr. COBB, ofWisconsin,also,from theCom-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon the bill (H. It. No. 2340) for the relief
of Colonel James A. Doughty, and moved that
the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the same, and that it be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ARTIFICIAL LIM31S FOR SOLDIERS.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, also, from theCom-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon the bill (II. B. No. *174) to provide for
the continued supply of artificial limbs to
soldiers, and moved that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration of
the same, and that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
IKANK I'. GROSS.
Mr. COBB, ofWisconsin, also, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon the petition of Second Lieutenant Frank
P. Gross for compensation for loss of prop-
erty, and moved "that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
same, and that it be laid on the table.
Tiie motion was agreed to.
JULIUS SPRAXOEL,
Mr. COBB, ofWisconsin, also, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon the petition of Julius Sprandel, for pay
as first lieutenant on the staff of General L.
Blenker, United States volunteers, and moved
that the committee be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the same, and that- it be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL BOCXTY.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, also, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported adven-ely
upon the petition of citizens of Eiiisburg, Jef-
ferson county. New York, for the passage of a
law granting §100 bounty to soldiers disabled
in the United States service, where said sol-
diers were discharged in consequence of such
disability at any time within two years after the
date of their enlistment, provided they never
received any town, county, or State bounty,
and moved that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the same,
and that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
0. F. WALLER.
Mr. COBB, ofWisconsin, also, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon the petition of 0. F. Waller, late second
lieutenant of the forty-eighth regiment Wis-
consin volunteer infantry, for extra pay and
allowances, and moved that the comuiittoe be
discharged from the further consideration of
the same, and that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE n. MARVEL.
Mr. COBB, ofWisconsin, also, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon the petition of George R. Marvel, late col-
onel of the thirteenth Illinois volunteer cavalry,
