1324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
and do not wish to detain the House by farther
debate on it. I ask a vote.
The question being put on Mr. Negley's
amendment-, it was disagreed to.
Mr. NEGLEY. 1 desire to offer another
amendment to this section, as follows:
Section six, strike out, in lines three and four, the
words " a^uitable number of watchmen in the cabin
and on each deck," and insert the words "during
the night at least one watchman in the cabin, and at
least one on the lower deck;" also, line nine, strike
out " such " and insert '* a."
The words a. suitable number of watch-
men" is too indefinite, while- u one watchman
on the upper and one on the lower deck" are
sufficient for any purpose. I think there can
be no objection to this amendment.
Mr. CONGER. I cannot see why it is bet-
ter to say " a suitable number of watchmen55
than to say one watchman on the upper and
one on the lower deck, when frequently the
decks are so loaded that it is impossible for
one watchman to pass the whole length of the
boat on the deck. There are cases where
steamboats will carry heavy lading and a great
number of passengers also, where they should
be compelled to have a sufficient number of
watchmen to see that'no fires start on the
decks, overcrowded with lading and perhaps
overcrowded with passengers. I cannot think
that it is at all desirable to adopt the amend-
ment.
.Mr. NEGLEY. When a law of this kind is
framed I certainly think it should be definite.
As the section now stands it leaves the board
of inspectors to dictate what number they
please and so may involve the owners of the
vessel in litigation. IIow is it possible for
steamboat-owners, in the estimation of the
board, to know what is a sufficient number?
Mr. CONGER. The matter is left to be
regulated by the board of supervising in-
spectors, subject to the controlof the Secretary
of the Treasury, who ought from his position to
be responsible to the public as well as to the
ship-owners that proper regulations shall be
adopted.
Mr. NEGLEY. Congress also owes that
duty to the public and to the ship-owners.
The question being put on Mr. Negley's
amendment, it was disagreed to.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I beg to
inquire if the words at the end of the section
44 one half to be paid to the informer^' have
been stricken out?
Mr. CONGER. Not in this section.
Mr. McCORMICK, of'Missouri. Then I
move to amend by striking out those words. I
think it necessary that this amendment should
be adopted, the provision here made being
wrong in principle.
Mr. CONGER, lwisli to say, as I have said
before, that as regards certain sections where
it is provided that money shall be paid to the
informer I am in favor of striking that provis-
ion out j but where there is no other mode
of detecting a lack of fulfillment of the law
I think it should be left to informers, who
should be paid for finding it out*
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Every
good citizen who is a passenger on baard a
vessel is ready to inform against the officer
who does not discharge his duty, and it is
improper to propose to hire men to do this
work.
Mr. CONGER. I at© not particular about
it, but I hope w.e shall have a vote.
Mr. CALKIN. If gentlemen will read the'
seciion they will see that it provides that—
If any owner of such vessel shall neglect or 
reluso to furnish the requisite number of men
necessary to keepwatch, asherein required, he shall
bo fined $1,000.
There must be some fine imposed to make
these steamboat men comply with the law. I
think the fine is just. 1 will say to the gen-
tleman from Missouri that in all probability
this fine will never be enforced, because the
steamboat-owners will comply with the law;
but still it ought to be retained in the bill.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I do not
propose to strike out the fine, but only the pro-
vision that b'alf of it shall go to the informer.
Mr. CALKIN. Well, that will take the life
out of the provision.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following sections, to which no amend-
ments were offered, were read:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That every steam
vessel navigating rivers only (except ferry-boats,
freight-boats, canal-boats, and towing boats of jess
than fifty tons)shall have at least one good, substan-
tial boat, with lines attached and properly supplied
with oars, and kept in good condition at all times
and ready for immediate use; and, in addition there-
to, every such steamer carrying passengers shall have
one or more metallic life-boats, fire-proof, aud in all
respects good and substantial boats, of such dimen-
sions and arrangements as the board of supervising
inspectors by their rules and regulations shall pre-
scribe; which boats shall be carried in the most con-
venient manner so as to be brought into immediate
use in case of accident: Provided, That where the
character of the navigation is such that in the opin-
ion of the supervising inspector the metallic life-
boats can be dispensed with, he is hereby authorized
to exempt any such steamer from carrying the same,
or may require a substitute therefor, at his discretion.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That every such
vessel carrying passengers shall be provided with a
good life-preserver, made of suitable material, for
every cabin passenger for which she shall have ac-
commodation : and also a good life-preserver or float
for each deck or other class passenger which the
inspector's certificate shall allow her to carry, in-
cluding the officers and crew ; which life-preservers
or floats shall be kept in convenient and acccssible
places on such vessels in readiness for immediate
use in case of accident; and every such vessel of
two hundred tons.or less shall also keep at least
eighteen fire-buckets and two barrels, and shall have
not less than four axes; and every such steamer of
over two hundred tons and less than five hundred
tons.burden shall not carry less than twenty-lour
buckets, four water-barrels, and six axes; and every
such steamer of over five hundred tons shall carry
not less than thirty-five buckets, six warer-barreJs,
and eight axes; the buckets and barrels shall be
kept in convenient places and filled with water, to
bo in readiness incase of fire, and the axes shall be
kept in good order and ready for immediate use:
Provided, however, That tanks of suitable dimen-
sions and arrangement, or buckets in sufficient num-
ber, may be substituted for barrels. '
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That every such
vessel carrying passengers on the main deck shall be
provided with sufficient means convenient to such
passengers for their escape to the upper deck in case
of the vessel sinking, or other accident endangering
life ; and in the stowage of freight upon such deck,
where passengers are carried, gangways or passages
sufficiently laige to allow person® to pass freelv
through them shall be loft open both foro and aft of
the vessel, and also to and along the guards on each
side; and ife shall be the duty of the captain or mate
of such vessel to assign to all deck passengers when
taking passage the space on deck they may occupy
during the voyage, and such space shall not there-
after be occupied by freight nor over-crowded hy
other persons; nor shall freight be stowed about the
boilers or machinery in such a manner as to obstruct
or prevent the engineer from readily attending to
his duties; and for every violation of this section
relating to the carriage and accommodation of pas-
sengers tho owners of the vessel shall pay a fine of
$300; one half to the use of the informer.
Mr. NEGLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment to that section:
Page 9. section nine, strike out in lines six, seven,
and eight, the words "gangways or passagessuffi-
ciently large to allow persons to pass Irecly through
them*' and insert the words 44 one gangway or pus-
sago of at least thirty inches widthline eighteen,
stiike out the words "owneis of'the vessel'' and
inseit the words "the captain of the vessel:" also
insert, after line nineteen, the words "and if he is
not able to pay be shall be impusoned dming not
less than one and not more than three months, and
tho informer shall be paid out of the custom-house
revenue; and if such violation of the law is done at
tho instance of the owners of th^vessel, they shall
pay a fine of not less than $500, or be imprisoned for
not less than three and not more than six months in
oach case."
The question was put upon the amendment;
and there were—ayes 9, noes 17 ; no quorum
voting.
Mr, NEGLEY. I call for tellers. I am
satisfied the- House do not understand the
amendment. It is a very important provision
and pertaining not only to thesuccessful man-
agement of these crafts, but to the economy
of them.
Mr. CONGER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. 1 oppose it because it limits the pro-
vision which is made in this bill for a sufficient
number of gangways along the vessel to one.
On these large steamboats there should be
more than one, and there is no propriety in
limiting it to one gangway thirty inches wide.
Mr. WARD. Accept the other amendments.
Mr. CONGER. No, sir ; I cannot accept
the other amendments. I think they are un-
necessary.
Mr. NEGLEY. The requirement of four
gangways fore and aft and two on each side
of the guard would rob the boats of much of
their room, and would make it impossible for
them to carry stock, or wagons, or cotton,
so that they could scarcely make expenses.
Also, to fine the owners for offenses committed
by the captains without their knowledge and
consent would be unjust.
Mr. CONGER. Then they should not carry
passengers and endanger their lives.
Mr. NEGLEY. Well7 if the gentleman de-
sires to strike down this interest and impose
exactions which will render it impossible for
them to carry on their business with any suc-
cess let us know it.
Mr. WARD. Cannot the amendments be
divided? There are several of them.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not
divisible except by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONGER. I object.
Tellers were ordered on the amendments ;
and Mr. Conger and Mr. Negley were
appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 41. noes 89.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I now move
to amend the ninth section by striking out in
line nineteen the words "one half to the use
of the informer."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to effer an
amendment to the section, to which I think
the gentleman from Michigan will consent. I
move to insert in line three, section nine, after
the word " with" the words 44 permanent stair-
ways and other," so that it will read "that
every vessel carrying passengers 011 the main
deck shall be provided with permanent stair-
ways and other sufficient means convenient to
such passengers for their escape to the upper
deck in case of the vessel sinking or other
accident endangering life."
I submit the following statement of an expe-
rienced civil engineer;
"It is a well-known fact that almost all the steam-
ers navigating the Mississippi river and its tributa-
ries are of that class known as ' high pressure boats.'
"During the war there were one hundred and nine
of these boats in the Mississippi squadron ; all built
on the western rivers, and a large portion ot these,
so far as boilers and engines were concerned, were
the same as now used in river transportation.
"Many of these were, from the nature of circum-
stances under which they were placed, subjected to
the most severe strains; for instance, inrunumg the
batteries at island No. 10, the bombardment, at Foi t
Pillow, and the gun-boat engagement at Memphis,
&c., when it became necessary to press the boats
oiten to their extreme speed. Yet among the largo
number ot boats belonging to the squadron, and the
many severe tests to wuich they were subjected, not
an explosion occurred in thewhole bqua.tron during
the war; butsince that time, and immediately alter
the river was again open to navigation, a gie.uer
destruction of lite and property has occurred than
was ever before known in the same lengtu of time.
"I mention these facts to show that all tuat is
necessary to put a stop to this great destruction of
lite and property is proper care, which can only be
brought about by enacting proper and stringent
laws.
"Now, in my opinion, in order to remedy this
great and increasing evil, there should, in the first
place, be enacted careful and stringent laws, aud
then there should be appoiated a supervising in-
spector general, who&e duties it shall be to visit too
several districts under his authority and tee that
each supervising inspector properly enforces the
laws and periorms his duty m accordance with his
instructions,
"This becomes necessary, a*? it is not to be sup-
posed that the Secretary ot the Treasury can have
I"? knowledge ot steam engineering practically, or
it he had, would not have time to give such matters
proper investigation."
Mr. CONGEH. 1 have no objection to thai
amendment.
Xlie amendment was agreed to.
