1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. NEGLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
robert p. ciiom'den.
Mr. NEGLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2719) for
the relief of Robert P. Chowden; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Paymaster General to pay to Robert
P. Chowden, late assistant surgeon third regi-
ment Tennessee mounted infantry, the pay
and allowances of an assistant surgeon from
August 5 to December 20, 18G4, out of any
money appropriated for the pay of the Army.
Mr. NEGLEY. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. NEGLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and aiso moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
a. v. richards,
Mr. NEGLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. II. No. 2720) for
the relief of A. V. Richards; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
diiects tl e Paymaster General to pay to A. V.
Richards, late second lieutenant and signal
officer United States Army, pay and allowances
from the 22(1 day of March, 1864. !■> the 10th
day of May, 1865, less the amount received by
him during the said period as an enlisted man,
out of any moneys appropriated for the pay of
the Army.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not understand the
bill. There is no rate of pay specified in it.
It says "pay and allowances," but does not
say of what rank.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "allowances" the words
"of a second lieutenant."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the report will be
read.
The report was read.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill, as amended, was ordered
to bo engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. NEGLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
b. w. bass.
Mr. NEGLEY also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, the joint resolution (H. R. No.
332) for the relief of Captain E. W. Bass, late
of the fifth Tennessee cavalry.
The joint resolution, which was read, states
in its preamble that Captain E. W. Bass, of the
fifth Tennessee cavalry, was tried by court-
martial upon charges of disobedience of orders
and desertion, on the day of , and
was by said court found guilty, and by it sen-
tenced to be dismissed the service, which sen-
tence was disapproved by Major General Rous-
seau for irregijlarity, but by him forwarded
with a recommendation that the said Captain
Bass be dismissed the service; which was done.
The preamble further states that the facts in
the case are that Captain Bass was serving in
a locality near his family and the families of
his men, and had received no pay for many
months, and that General Spaulding, com-
manding the brigade, told him that when paid
he might take his men home; and after he
and his command had received pay, he asked
leave of Major Cleft, commanding the regi-
ment, which was refused ; and thereupon he
did take bis company to their homes and
returned within six days, only spending two
days at their homes ; and notwithstanding that
charges were preferred against him he contin-
ued to command his company up to February,
1863, and participated in several battles, in
which he acted with gallantry. The preamble
further states that he has been fully paid for
his services ; and Colonel \V. B. Stokks, com-
manding the regiment, and Major General
Milroy both certify that they know the captain,
and that he was an honorable and brave offi-
cer, and recommend that he be honorably dis-
charged from the service, to date from the
22d February, 1863. Thejointresolution there-
fore provides that the said Captain E. XV. Bass,
of the fifth Tennessee cavalry, be honorably
discharged from the service, which discharge
shall date from the 27th February, 1865.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. NEGLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
condemned cannon.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution (H. R, No. 451) to
appropriate old and condemned bronze cannon
for soldiers'' monuments and cemeteries; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint, res-
olution to bo engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution was read. It, authorizes
and directs the Secretary of War to appropri-
ate the following number of pieces of old and
condemned bronze cannon and cause the same
to be delivered to the following trustees of
association and cemeteries: twelve pieces to
the trustees of the Soldiers' Monument Asso-
ciation of Alleghany county and western Penn-
sylvania; six pieces to the trustees of the
national cemetery at Knoxville, Tennessee;
four pieces to the trustees of the Soldiers'
Monument Association of La Salle county,
Illinois; four pieces to the trustees of the first
Baptist church cemetery in the township of
Tuscarora, Bradford county, Pennsylvania;
four pieces to the association for the erection
of a monument to Brigadier General Nathaniel
Lyon at Eastford, Connecticut; four pieces to
the corporate authorities of the town of Find-
lay, Ohio, for a monument to the soldiers of
Hancock county ; and four pieces to the muni-
cipal authorities of the city of Youngstown,
Ohio, for a soldiers' monument in that eit.y.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the gentleman to
allow mo to offer the following amendment:
Four pieces to the trustees of Riverside cemeterj'.
Watcrbury, Connecticut, for a soldiers' monument.
Mr. NIBLACK, I would inquire if there
are sufficient condemned cannon on hand to
carry out this resolution.
Mr. NEGLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. WELKER. I object to the amendment
of the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Kel-
logg, 3 unless other gentlemen can have an
opportunity to offer amendments.
Mr. NEGLEY. Then I must decline to
yield for any amendment. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. NEGLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following, and the
committee was discharged from the further
consideration of the same, and they were sev-
erally laid upon the table:
The petition and papers of 8. K. N. Patton,
of T ennessee, praying compensation as colonel
of the eighth Tennessee cavalry ;
The petition of Colonel William O. Redden,
late of third Delaware volunteers, asking pay
for recruiting the regiment and reimbursement
for money expended;
The petition of Eli D. Willis, of Tazewell,
Tennessee, praying reimbursement ef expenses
incurred in recruiting, subsisting, and trans-
porting two hundred and fifty men for the sev-
enth regiment of Tennessee cavalry in 1863 ;
and
The petition of William Bass, for pay as
first lieutenant, first regiment Tennessee light
artillery.
benjamin rogers.
Mr. ASPEIi, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with the recommendation that
it do not pass, the joint resolution (H. R. No.
.114) for the relief of Benjamin Rogers, and
moved that it be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. ASPER, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following, and the
committee was discharged from the further
consideration of the same, and they were
severally laid on the table:
The petition of Thomas J. Prosser, of Ander-
son county, Tennessee, late veterinary surgeon
eighth regiment Missouri State militia, pray-
ing compensation for a horse and equipage.
The petition of Mary Thornhill, mother of
Thomas A. Thornhill, deceased, late of the
ninth Tennessee cavalry;
The petition of William H. Pinkerton, of
Indiana, for allowance of pay as second lieu-
tenant company D one hundred and ninety-
ninth Pennsylvania volunteers;
The petition of Mrs. Caroline McGhee,
widow of Samuel McGhee, company F second
regiment Tennessee infantry volunteers, pray-
ing for a pension ; and
The petition of Henry C. Pearson, of the
twenty-first Pennsylvania cavalry, praying for
relief.
claims for horses.
Mr. ASPER, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with the recommendation that it
do not pass, the bill (II. R. No. 658) author-
izing the Third Auditor to pay the claims for
certain horses lost at the battle of Pilot Knob,
Missouri, and moved that the same be laid on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
oregon, ETC., indian war ci,aims.
Mr. NEGLEY*. I have been instructed by
the Committee on Military Affairs to report
back, with a recommendation that the same
do pass,-a bill (H. R. No. 2040) to amend an
act approved March 2< 1861, entitled "An act
