1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
DISTRIBUTION 05" PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask unanimous consent to
take up and concur in an amendment of the
Senate to a concurrent resolution of the House
in reference to the distribution of documents.
The resoiutlon was read as follows :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That all documents ordered to bo
printed by the two Houses of Congress or by law
during the term of the Forty-First Congress, for dis-
tribution among members of Congress, which may
be printed and ready for distribution prior to the 1st
day of December, 1871, be distributed among the
member uf the Forty-First Congress, and that the
Congressional Printer and the ofiicers of each Hous^
make" such distribution in accordance with this res-
OlUtlOn.
The amendment of tlie Senate was, after
the word "that" to insert "one half," and
after "Congress" insert "appropriating the
remaining half for members of the Forty-First
Congress."
Mr. McNEELY. I object to that.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of concurring in the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. McNEELY. I move to lay it on the
table.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move
to lay it on the table pending the suspension
of the rules.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
90, noes 24.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
P.ECESS.
Mr. DAWES. I submit the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the House now take a recess until
t o-morrow morning at ten o'clock, at which time
the House shall meet to consider appropriation
bills and reports of committees of conference ; and
no business shall be in order except messages from
the Senate and executive communications.
Mr. PLATT. To-morrow morning is Sun-
day. [Laughter.] ,
Mr. DAWES. I will modify the resolution.
DONATION LAW.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. Mr.
Speaker, I have sat in this House for two years,
and have not asked the attention of members
for thirty minutes.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. You could
not get it in this disorder.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. I have
abill which would save thousands ofmy people
from penury and not take a dollar out of the
Treasury. I ask that it be passed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would appeal
to the House to give the gentleman from Wash-
ington Territory [Mr. Gamfielde] an oppor-
tunity of presenting his bill.
The bill was read as follows:
A bill (S. No. 1137) t.0 extend the benefits of the
donation -law of September 27, 1830, to certain
persons.
Beit enacted, &c.t That all persons who, at the tune
of settlement, possessed the qualifications prescribed
in the fourth and fifth sections of an act to create
the office of surveyor general of the public lands m
Oregon, and to provide for the survey and to make
donations to settlers of the said public lands, ap-
proved September 27,1850, and who made bona fide
settlement upon lands claimed by the Puget Sound
Agricultural Company, m Washington .territory,
within the time limited for settlement by said act and
the amendments thereto, shall be, and are'hereby,
declared to be entitled to all tho privileges and ben-
efits of said act and amendments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Washington. I move
to suspend the rules and pass the bill.
The question* was taken; and (two thirds
having voted in favor thereof) the rules were
suspended, and the bill was passed.
kecess till ten o'clock.
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolution to take a recess until ten o'clock.
Mr. J UDD. The 3d of Alarch ends our
term. The new Congress commences on the
4th of March. Our Journal of the proceed-
ings commencing at eleven o'clock on the 3d
of March is a continuous Journal until the time
of adjournment, and shows only one day. lhe
41st Cong. 3d Sess.--No. 122.
resolution should be to take a recess until ten
o'clock.
Mr. DAWES. I have modified the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be read
as modified.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the House now take a recess until
ten o'clock, at which time tho House shall meet to
consider appropriation bills and reports of commit-
tees of conference and rules, and no other business
shall be in order except messages trom the Senate and
executive communications. " '
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. "And rules!"
It would be shameful to amend the rules at this
stage of the session. It would be an insultand
a degradation. I move that the House now
adjourn. But, no! We cannot even adjourn.
I hope no Democrat will support this resolu-
tion.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the House
take a recess until nine o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
resolution submitted by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who moves to
suspend the rules and pass it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Leave out
the word " rules " and we will let it go.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Butput "rules" in and
you will not get away to-night.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make a
parliamentary inquiry. The Speaker is a mem-
aer ex officio of the Committee on Rules. I
would inquire whether that committee desires
to report any amendment to the rules?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in
answer to the gentleman's inquiry, that the
Committee on Rules has not held a meeting
this session, and has no report to make.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, then, should
not that be stricken out from the resolution?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The inference is that it
is the intention to suspend the rules hereafter
by a mere majority, and to put the minority of
the House under the will of the majority. Do
that, and you create a despotism.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. And the prop-
osition is for this House to do it, and to govern
the next House. We know what is meant.
The intention is to do this in order to govern
the next House.
Mr. CONGER. I hope there is no just
cause for the alarm, exhibited by the Demo-
cratic side of the House.
Mr. FOX. Would it be in order to move
that the resolution lie on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It would not, because
the motion is to suspend the rules and adopt
the resolution.
Mr. FOX. I move that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be
entertained.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ I desireto move an
amendment to the resolution, to strike out that
portion which refers to the rules.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done un-
der a motion to suspend the rules. The Chair
would inquire of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] whether he is willing
to submit the resolution to a majority vote
subject to amendment. .
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts submits the resolution to a majority
vote, subject to amendment.
Mr. DAWES. Subject to amendment to the
extent of striking out the word "rules."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. To passsuch
a resolution as that would be revolution, not
legislation.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I move to strike out
the word " rules." .
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires the
position ofthe question to be distinctly under-
stood. The Chair will not allow an important
resolution of this kind to be voted upon with-
out a perfect understanding by the House. As
the motion was made, it would require a two-
thirds vote to adopt the resolution. But the
gentleman from. Massachusetts proposes now
to submit it to a majority vote and to leave it
open to amendment.
Mr. HALDEMAN. Will not the gentleman
from Massachusetts permit us first to move tQ
strike out the word " rules? "
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts submit the amendment to a
majority vote and the adoption of the resolu:
tion to a two-thirds vote?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No; we will never sub-
mit it to a majority vote.
The SPEAKER. The advantage would bo
upon the gentleman's side. It would take two
thirds to pass the resolution, and a majority
could strike out the word " rules."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I appeal
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] as an old member, to listen to me for
one moment. It will be almost impossible to
organize the new House on Saturday if this
contemplated action is insisted on and adopted.
We will resist the adoption of the old rules by
the new House almost to the borders of revo-
lution. [Laughter and great disorder.] Each
House has a right to make its own rules.
[Cries of "Order!" " Order!" whistling, and
great confusion.] Youmay whistle, but we do
not intend to be trampled on in this manner.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen:
tleman from Massachusetts to withdraw his
resolution until I can offer a resolution which,
is the only resolution I know of pertaining to
the rules, and which is the one^ I have no
doubt, to which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts refers. I ask that it be read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let my resolu-
tion be read for information.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Rules have always been
understood to be for the protection of minor-
ities, and this rule which we understand him
to propose to the House is to place the minority
in the complete power of the majority.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. At all times
and in reference to all jobs.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Strike, but hear
me for a moment I There is no such rule pro-
posed, and I would join the gentlemen in tight-
ing to the last moment any such rule.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is what we under-
stand the gentleman proposes. _
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is no such
rule proposed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then let us
hear it read. ,
Mr RANDALL. Let us hear it calmly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that it be
The Clerk.read Mr. Garfield's proposition
as follows:
Resolved, That tho forty-second rale be amended
by adding thereto the following words, namely: Jin t
after the previous question is moved no motion shall
be entertained except to adjourn ; to fix the day to
which the House will adj ourn, and to lay on the table,
and the said motions shall not be repeated; and after
the previous Question is seconded no original
whatever shall be entertained, except a single motion
to adjourn."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That would
cover all jobs as well as political questions. ^
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is worse, more in-
famous than we supposed it was.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to withdraw bis
motion until I can ask the House to vote on
suspendingthe rules and adopting that resolu-
tl0Mr. DAWES. 1 withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I nwve
that the rules be suspended and my resolution
adopted.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Tins, 1S a
pretty time to amend the rules, at five o' clock
in the morning! .
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman is afraid
of the minority that is coming into the next
House.
