mQ
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
to provide.for the payment of the expenses
incurred by the Territories of Oregon and
Washington for the suppression of Indian hos1
tilities therein for the years 1855 and 1856."
Mr. EELSI3Y. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will
state it.
Mr. KELSEY. My point of order is that
this is not a private bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair Sustains the
point of order.
jambs t. elliot.
Mr. ASPER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that the same do pass, a joint resolution
(H. R. No ICO) providing for the payment of
James T. Elliot, late a private in the eleventh
Michigan infantry, for services as extra-duty
clerk.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read 0/third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
the Quartermaster General to audit and allow
the claim of James T. Elliot, late a private
in the eleventh Michigan infantry, for pay
as extra-duty clerk from March S, 1803, to
November 15, 1863, at forty ccnts per day.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ASPEU moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed : and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ISAAC I>. KINKEAD.
Mr. ASPER, from the same, committee, re-
ported a bill (II. R. No. 2721) for the relief
of Isaac P. Kinkead; which was lead a first,
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Pay-
master General of the Army to pay to Isaac
P. Kinkead, late a captain in the seventy sev-
enth Ohio volunteer infantry, the full pay and
allowances of a captain of infantry from Octo-
ber 81, 1802, to May 27. IMS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let the report be read.
The report was read. It states that, Kinkead
was appointed captain to fill a vacancy sup-
posed to have been caused by the death of
another captain reported to have been killed
at Shiloh, but who had been taken prisoner,
and afterward returned. On the return of the
missing officer Captain Kinkead was placed
on duty as prison adjutant at Alton, Illinois.
During the entire summer of 1862 Captain
Kinkead was mustered and paid as a captain,
and the muster-rolls in the War Department
show his services as such officer. The case of
Captain Kinkead, after the leturn of the miss-
ing'ofiicer, was reported to the War Depart-
ment, whereupon an order, bearing date May
13,1883, was made directing Captain Kinkead
to be mustered out as of date October 31,1802,
the date of his last payment, as captain. It,
further appears that Captain Kinkead served
as prison adjutant until May 27, 1803, when
the order of the War Department reached him ;
indeed, Be served longer, for the proof shows
that he turned the property of his office over
to his successor on June 9, 1803. Payment
has been refused for his services because it was
held that, he was a supernumerary officer and
not entitled by law to the payment. Believ-
ing that the services of this officer should be
recognized and paid, the Committee 011 Mili-
tary Affairs recommend the passage of the bill
reported.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ASPER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXPIRATION OF MORNING IIOBE.
Mr. DAWES. Has the morning hour ex-
pired?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now expired,
COMPENSATION OV CENSUS MARSHALS.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a letter from Superintendent Walker,
of the Census Bureau, covering a statement
of the compensation of assistant marshals for
taking the census of 1870; which was ordered
to be printed, and referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Ninth Census.
AUSTRALIAN STEAMSHIP LINE.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2722) authoriz-
ing the establishment of ocean mail steamship
service between the-United States and Aus-
tralia; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
l-'ORT GRATIOT RESERVATION.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2723) to authorize
the Secretary of War to survey, plat, and sell
the present cemetery grounds upon the Fort
Gratiot military reservation, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
union life association.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, by unanimous
consent, iutioduced a bill (II. R. No. 2724) to
incorporate the Union Life Association of the
United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, lel'erred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and oidered to be printed.
kkconsideitahox of references.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider all votes
of references and recommittals of bills, &c.,
this morning; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider belaid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
•I'JUA P. JA'SDIi.
Mr. GAIIFIELU, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (II. R. No. 2725)
for the relief of Julia P. Lynde, minor child
of Richard D. Lynde, late surgeon of United
States volunteers, deceased ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
INDUSTRIAL IIOMC,
Mr. WELKEU. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Hpeakei's table Senate joint
resolution No. 270, for the benefit of the Indus-
trial Home for destitute children in the District
of Columbia, for reference.
There was 110 objection.
The joint resolution was taken op, read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was referred ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask unanimous consent
to make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. How long do you want?
Mr. MUNGEN. Ten minutes; but perhaps
I shall not use more than five minutes.
Mr. DAWES. Would it, not, do as well after
the appropriation bill has been, disposed of ?
Mr. MUNGEN, I want to make my per-
sonal explanation now.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman prefers to
do it now, and thinks the public good requires
the appropriation bill to wait till afterward,
very well.
Mr. MTJNGEN. As to the question of the
public good we might differ.
Mr. DAWES. 1 know it.
Mr. MUNGEN. My opinion is that it is
for my good to make the personal explanation
now.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman thinks that
the public good will not permit any delay in
making his personal explanation I do not
object. I leave it to the good sense of the
gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not hear
objection, and the gentleman from Ohio is
allowed ten minutes for personal explanation.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
Clerk to read an extract from the Associated
Press reports.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. scofield urged tliat the railroads passim; so
rapidly from State to State made general legislation
necessary, lie favored State legislation and county
legislation; but State legislation would not reach
this case.
"While Mr. Pcofield was speaking lie was inter-
rupted by Mr. Muxoen*. bnt. declined to yield. Mr.
Mbngex persisted in interrupting him, when Mr.
Scofield said that a gentleman who peisisted in
interrupting after another had courteously declined
to yield was unworthy of the courtesy."
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask the Clerk to read
what Mr. Scofield said, as reported in the
Globe, when be rebuked me.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. JfraGEs. Will the gentleman permit me to
ask him a single aue^tion ?
"Mr. Scofield. The gentleman muft excuse me.
I have only five minutes.
"Mr. Muxo,';x._ I only want.o.-l to ask whether
Ohio, Pennsylvania,, or any other State, has not fr.il
power to regulate this matter by State legislation?
"Mr. Scofield. I do not yield to the gentleman.
T hold that when a gentleman on the floor couit-
eously declines to yield to a gentleman who asks that
courtesy any attempt of the interrupting member
to thrust in his speech shows that he is not deserv-
ing of the courtesy he asks. "When a gentleman
refuses to yield nie the floor I always take my seat,
without endeavoring to force in my remarks without
his consent.
"Mr. Mungen. The gentleman might have an-
swered my question in less time than he has taken
to rebuke me."
Mr. MUNGEN. Now, Mr. Speaker. I did
not hear (he language used by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] at tho time.
I had a general idea in the conversation that
he was rebuking me in someway. Iam for
this reason placarded through the Associated
Press of this country in such a way as makes
me appear very disreputable. I will say now
that I have been extremely anxious to keep
myself outside of the asperities which arise in
debate sometimes in this House. I did not
want to interrupt the gentleman. I did not
wish to offend him. I did not mean to be
insulting to him 011 this floor or elsewhere.
My personal relations with the members of
this House have, I believe, been uniformly
friendly, however widely we may differ in poli-
ties. When I asked the gentleman to yield to
me for a question I did only what is done every
day upon this floor by members 011 all sides of
the House. There is not a disrespectful word
in niy remarks. I merely wished to ask him
a question, and did not mean to be offensive.
But I protest against the idea that because
I asked a question I must be placarded as
thrusting in a speech when there was no speech
about it, and that on that account I was not
deserving of the courtesy of any gentleman.
The remarks were uncalled for and unparlia-
mentary. I trust that when the gentleman
said that he did not say it maliciously. I hops
not. I certainly did not intend to offend him.
But I cannot consent to sit quietly under a gen-
eral charge of this kind. It I was wrong I was
willing to apologize; but j cannot submit to
the charge of being, in other word,-,, no gentle-
man ; which was about what it amounted to as
I understand it.
Mr. bCOFiELD. If the gentleman will
allow me to interrupt him 
Mr. MUNGEN. In a moment. I cannot
yield just now. The gentleman from Penn-
