1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
193&
admeasurement between American and foreign
vessels; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
ballard s. humphreys.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in relation to Bal-
lard S. Humphrey, late first lieutenant firsfc
United States artillery; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
aid to americans in paris.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of State, in relation to an
appropriation to indemnify certain individuals
in Paris for the amount expended by them
in giving aid to distressed United States cit-
izens in that city; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
burning of breniiam, texas.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in relation to the
burning of the town of Brenham, Texas, by
United States soldiers, as alleged, in 1866 ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
employes in treasury department.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a
statement showing the number of clerks and
other persons employed in the office of the
Secretary of the Treasury and the different
bureaus of the Treasury Department during
the year ending December 01, 1870; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
fort randall military reservation.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting a bill for the relief
of certain settlers on Fort Randall military
reservation, in Dakota Territory; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
c0 4st survey employes.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent., laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a state-
ment showing the number and names of per-
sons employed in the Coast Survey daring the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, the amount
of their compensation, and the time of employ-
ment; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
government lands, pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a reso-
lution of the House of February 17, 1871, in
relation to certain lands in Forest county,
Pennsylvania ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
mast tennessee university.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope there will be no
objection to my taking up Senate bill No. 918,
for the relief of the East Tennessee University.
Let the bill and report be read. Then, of
course, if there be objection, under the resolu-
tion adopted before the recess, I cannot press
it further.
The bill authorizes the Treasurer of the
United States to pay to the president of the East
Tennessee University the sum of $18,500. in
full compensation for all claim which could be
made by said university for the occupation of
their buildings at Knoxville, Tennessee, and
for all damages and injury caused to said build-
ings and the grounds adjacent, and to the im-
provements and personal property connected
therewith; provided that before said sura shall
be paid a release in full of all claims against
the Government of all rents and damages that
might or could be claimed by said East Ten-
nessee University shall be executed in due
form by the proper officers of said university,
and deposited with the Treasurer, along with
the receipt for the money thereby appropri-
ated.
It appearsfrom the report that the seven
university buildings and the grounds adjacent
thereto came into the occupation of the United
States military authorities in good condition in
September, 1863, and were occupied by them
for military purposes until June 13, 1865; that
during this occupation one of the buildings
was totally demolished, and the othera,were so
materially damaged as to render them wholly
unfit for use; that the library, scientific ap-
paratus, mineralogical and geological cabi-
nets were destroyed ; that the fences, trees,
shrubbery, &c., were nearly all removed and
burned, and that the grounds were mutilated
and greatly injured by earth-works, a fort and
rifle-pits being thereupon. The East Tennes-
see University is believed to be particularly
deserving of the favorable consideration of
Congress. It is the only educational institu-
tion of known loyalty, in management and
influence, in any of the seceding States during
the war. It is situated at Knoxville, in the
center of East Tennessee, and is surrounded
by a population known for their loyalty and
sacrifices to the cause of the Union. In every
respect is this case considered entitled to early
and generous consideration. The action of
the House of Representatives in passing a bill
for the relief of the Sisters of our Lady of
Mercy, of Charleston, South Carolina, and
that of this committee m their favorable report
on the same, indicates a disposition to favor-
ably act upon these cases of public nature
which are meritorious. The committee rec-
ommend the payment to the university of the
sum of $18,500, and report back the bill with
amendment to that effect.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
And then, on motion of Mr. RANDALL,
(at ten o'clock and fifteen minutes a. m.,) the
House took a recess until eleven o'clock a. m.
The House, after the recess, reassembled at
eleven o'clock a. m.
enrolled bills.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 2995) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the Government for the fis-
cal years ending June 30, 1870, and June 30,
1871, and for former years, and for other pur-
poses ; and
An act (H. R. No. 306-1) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1872, and
for other purposes.
national military asylums.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to call up the report of the Committee on
Military Affairs on the investigation into the
condition of national military asylums.
Mr. RANDALL. Does that come in con-
flict with our resolution ?
The SPEAKER. Nothing comes inconflict
with it which receives unanimous consent.
Mr. COX. Do they propose any action?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
what is proposed.
Mr. COX, I object if any action is proposed.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsoj",
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate lmd agreed to the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
140) to renew certain grants of land to the
State of Alabama.
The message also announced that the Senate
had agreed to the amendment of the House
to the bill (S. No. 1202) confirming the title to
certain lands.
NATIONAL military asylums.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Negley.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Negley,] from the Committee
on Military Affairs, asks leave to present a
report in relation to the management of the
National Asylum for Disabled Soldiers. This
report was printed and recommitted, and the
gentleman asks that it may be reported back
and laid on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the gentleman's
resolution propose any legislation ?
The SPEAKER. It does not. It is a re-
port of the results of an investigation ordered
by the House.
Mr. RANDALL. Does it committhe House
to any resolution, any expression of judgment
as to the evidence taken?
Mr. NEGLEY. It does not.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Is there ar.y minority
report?
Mr. NEGLEY. There is no minority report.
It is a unanimous report of the committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This investigation
was directed by a resolution introduced by
myself. I care nothing about the report if
the evidence is printed.
Mr. NEGLEY. The entire proceedings are
printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to have the nature
of the report indicated.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
title of the report.
The Clerk read as follows .
Report of the Comtnittco on Military Affairs, who
wore directed by resolution of tho House of June 5,
1870. to investigate tbonunagsmcnt of the National
Asylum for Disabled Soldiers.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the Clerk proceed
with the reading ? Let us hear the whole of it.
Several Members. No! No!
The SPEAKER. I,s there objection to the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Negley?] The Chair hears none, and
the report will he considered as made to the
House and laid ou the table.
pay of contestants.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin* Mr. Speaker,
I ask unanimousconsent of the House to offer
a resolution making a small compensation to
the contestant in the case of Hinds against
Sherrod, from one of the Alabama districts. I
do not make this proposition to the House in
obedience to instructions of the sub-Committee
of Elections who had charge of the case, but as
an individual member of that committee; and
I wish to make a brief statement to the House.
The contestant appeared in Washington him-
self, and also procured the services of au attor-
ney, who attended to his case before the com-
mittee. He presented ex parte evidence to the
committee, and asked the committee to send a
sub-committee to Alabama to take testimony
in his case, on the ground that there was such
a state of things in the district that the testi-
mony could not be safely taken by the ordin-
ary methods. The committee denied this re-
quest, and Mr. Hinds thereupon abandoned
the contest. The case which he had made did
not disclose to the committee sufficient inform-
ation touching the bona fide character of his
con test to warrant the sub-committee in making"
a report in favor of allowing him theusual com-
pensation. But as an individual member of
the committee I ask unanimous consentjhat a
moderate compensation be granted to him, to
cover, in part, the expenses of taking his affi-
davits, his attorney's fees, and his own ex-
penses in Washington. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to an allowance of the
sum of $500 in full of all his exp&ses in the
case.
Mr. FERRISS. Cheap enough.
