1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$61
sylvania lias always plenty of time on this
floor, and I do not very often enjoy that priv-
ilege ; and that, perhaps, was the teasou which
made me more anxious to ask the question at
the time. But I wish to state now that I have
always understood that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] was my friend.
Whether he is or not, he knows I have been
his personal friend; and I think, in the lan-
guage of the poet—
"A friend should bear liis friend's infirmities,
But Brutus makes mine greater than they are.'1
And in regard to the reporter of the Asso-
ciated I'ress I may say, et in Brute. That is
all 1 have to say. I say it in self defense. I
do not say it from any malice or ill feeling. If
I err I hope to be forgiven; but I do not
want, to be branded when X am guiltless, and
demand the same treatment and courtesy for
myself.' I now yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman allows
me a word of explanation. When I read the
report in tho Globe, and saw the drift of the
question which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Muxgex] was endeavoring to put, I saw he was
right in saying that I could have answered the
question easier than to say what I did. But
the gentleman was speaking on the other side
of the House and 1 did not hear one word that
he said ; and, as ho persisted in attempting to
pay something, I thought he was trying to
make a speech. As the gentleman from Ohio
has stated, our personal relations are kindly,
and I never thought of saying anything per-
sonally offensive to him. The remark I made
1 intended to be applicable more to the gen-
eral custom of perhaps all of us, or nearly all
of us, of continuing to talk in another gentle-
man's time when he has refused to yield.
Mr! MUNGEN. I presume that iu that
respect 1 was perhaps out of order, as many
other gentlemen on this floor are frequently
out of order in the same respect. I do not.
dispute that. But I do not understand why I
should be singled out as the subject of so very
important a passage in the Associated Press
reports. If 1 only were guilty it might have
been all right. Cut I oifly did what many
o'her gentlemen are continually doing, and
objected to offensive rebuke.
with dk aw atj of l'apeks.
On motion of Mr. BROOKS, of Massachu-
setts, by unanimous consent, the Committee of
Claims was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Charles Watson, of
Lowell, Massachusetts, praying compensation
for services performed by him in aid of Union
prisoners in Libby prison ; and the same was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Oil motion of Mr. PECK, by unanimous ;
consent, leave was given to withdraw from the j
files of the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions and the War of 1812 the memorial of
Mrs. Anne Holmes Allen.
On motion of -Mr. PECK, by unanimous
consent, leave was also given to withdraw from
the files of the Committee on Military Allans
the petition of Michael Ilandv.
On motion of Mr. JENCKES, by^ unani-
mous consent, leave was given to withdraw
from tho files of the House the papers in the
ease of A. C. Twining.
leave os' absuxcu.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave of absence for one week.
S-UR\ EY 01' THE OHIO IUVEK.
Mr. KERR,. I ask unanimous consent to
offer a resolution on which I think (here Will
be no debate.
The Clerk read as follows :
Jieioh'i!, That the Secretary of War lie Respect-
fully requested to furnish to this House either tao
ori'-iual or a copy ot the reiioit of Colonel William
MilW Roberts, of the Engineer corps ot the United
oKtcs Vnny, on the survey, topography, and lm-
oiovi.'ir.e.u of It-- Oslo river; i.-ikI tuat uio sauio,
when furnished, be printed for the use of the House
iu connection with important, pendins propositions
for legislation on the subject of river bridges and
other improvements.
Mr. O'NEILL. I supoose the object of the
resolution would be sufficiently accomplished
if the Secretary of War were requested to fur-
nish a copy of the report to which the resolu-
tion refers. But I do not think the House
would be willing to order the report to be fur-
nished for the use of members until we have
some idea as to the expeuse which this would
involve. This report may be very important
as regards the Cincinnati bridge, but I do not
think it necessary that it should be furnished
for Ihe House until we know what it is.
Mr. KERR. That is not the purpose of my
resolution. The object of the resolution js
only to secure the printing of the document, in
the ordinary way of committee-work, for the
use of ihe committee. I do not ask that it shall
be laid on the tables of members. I agree
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania that
perhaps that, would not be advisable; but it
is exceedingly important in connection with
this investigation, and the country through the
agency of these committees is entitled to the
use of it.
Mr. O'NEILL. I may be permitted to say,
now that it is drawn out of me by the author
of this resolution, that tho Committee on Com-
merce has asked the Secretary of War to fur-
nish it, for the very purpose of having this
question properly investigated, with a copy ot
that survey. I presume that will be sufficient
for every purpose.
Mr. KERR.. It is not a copy of the survey
that my resolution calls for, but of the report.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider lie laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WiPO.iT OX EDUCATION'.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous consent
to offer a resolution for the printing of fen
thousand additional copies of I lie report of the
Commissioner of Education, for the use of the
House.
Mr. STILES. I object.
Mr. DAWES. 1 insist upon my motion.
or.dish or jjiminess
Mr. J ULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
offer a resolution.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain any j-uch lequest, (he legular order of
business being demanded.
Mr. JULIAN. I make the point of order
that I have a right to ask unanimous consent
to offer a resolution of inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no hesita-
tion in overruling the point of order, because
the gentleman has no right to the floor unless
on the regular order, wiien the regular order
is demanded.
Mr. JULIAN. I have * light to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts to allow me to
offer it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no such
right if the regular order is demanded. The
Chair is glad that the gentleman has raised this
point. The regular order of business after the
morning hour "must either be a special order
or a privileged motion—a motion^ to suspend
the rule^, to go into Committee of the "Whole,
or a motion to go to business on the Speak-
er's table ; and'if any gentleman demands the
regular order of business it is the duly of ihe
Chair to recognize ou'y gentlemen to make
those motions.
Mr. .1 ULIAN. I ask the gentleman demand-
ing the regular order to allow me to offer this
resolution.
Mr. Sl'ILES. i insist on the regular oroer.
I The question was then taken on the motion
1 of M:. Dawes; and it was agreed to.
executive, eto., appropriation biltj.
The House accordingly resolved itself, into
the Committee of the Whole-on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Scofield in the chair.) and
resumed the consideration of House bill No.
2524, making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June SO, 1872.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill j
and read as follows :
Post Office Department:
For compensation of the Postmaster General,
S8.000; three Assistant PostmastersGeneral, at S3,500
each; superintendent ot money-order system, S3, t)00;
superintendent of foreign mails, $3,000; chief of di-
vision of dead-letter office. 12.500; chief clerk. $2,200;
three chief clerks, at $2 000 each, additional to one
clerk of class four, as disbursing clerk, $300; twelve
clerks of ehiss four, filty-one elerks of cl iss throe,
forty-five clerks of class two, fifty clerks of class one ;
fifty female clerks, at $900 each; ton lotders, S7.200;
oii'.' messenger, at $840. and four assistants, at $720
each : nine watchmen, at 3720 each; fifteen laborers
at §720 each; twenty-five clerks m doad-letter office,
at 6800 each; making iu all, $354,800.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend that para-
graph by inserting after the word "each," in
line ten hundred and thirty six, the words
"one chief clerk for the money-order offlee,
$2,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to insert after the
words "class three," in line ten hundred and
thirty eight, "three additional clerks of class
three for the money-order office."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. In line ten hundred and thirty
nine I move to insert after the word "fifty"
the word " eight;" so that it will read " fifty-
eight female clerks at $900 each."
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. DAWES. T move to insert after the
word "each," in line ten hundred and forty
six, "for temporary clerk hire, $10,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to amend in line ten
hundred and forty by inserting after the word
" each" the words "two female translators at
$1,400 each."
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to make
it $1,200. That is what the Postmaster Gen-
eral suggested.
Mr. KELLEY. He stated to me that he
thought $1,400 would not be too much. There
are two female translators engaged in the Post
Office Department, whose business it is to
translate from four languages into our own
the whole correspondence of the office. They
now receive but $900 a year each. I waited
upon the Postmaster General, and spoke to
him upon the subject of giving them an in-
ereaseof pay in view of their services and the
education required to enable them to perform
them, and lie suggested that it was impossible
for him to raise them.
Last year, when the appropriation bill was
under discussion, it was said that we would
not make a special appropriation for these
clerks, because the Postmaster General could
pay them according to their services. The
Postmaster General said that he had found a
difficulty in doing so, and said to me that,
while he thought these ladies were entitled to
$1,400 a year each, he was unable to pay them
more than $900 each. He said that he had
asked J'or sixty female cleiks, which number
the committee proposes to reduce by ten, and
suggested to me the amendment which I have
offered in connection with that offered by the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
[Mr. Dawes,] making provision fortwo female
translator, and that he thought they were well
entitled to $1,400 a year each. 1 hope, there-
fore, that tho amendment will be adopted.
!! Mr. DAWES. All the gentleman says about
;l the value of these clerks and the necessity of
! them to the Department is true. I a'.ni't that
they ought lo have higher pay than olduiarv
female clerks, who receive $900. Whiie i mi
Postmaster General said that lu'-s-e translators
