1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1327
constructed;" omit the word " of;" insertin lien of
the former the words "one square inch of," and in
lieu of the word "of" insert the word " for."
Mr. CONGER. I hope the words as they
stand in the section will be retained.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. NEGLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment to the same section;
Strike out in lines eighteen and nineteen the words
" sach number, dimensions, and arrangements as
shall be prescribed by the board of supervising in-
spectors," and insert in lieu thereof the words "every
forty-five feet of fire surface."
Mr. Speaker, the number, dimensions, and
arrangements of valves should not be left to
the judgment of the inspectors, bat should be
specified by law, as is done in this and the
Other amendments I am now proposing.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move the following amend-
ment to the same section;
In line forty-one strike oat the words " one square
inch " and insert the words " one half inch square."
• I think no objection will be made to that
amendment.
Mr. CONGER. The size provided in the
bill is in accordance with the views of all
engineers.
Mr. NEGLEY. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken. I am justified in offering this amend-
ment by the experience both of engineers and
of some of the oldest shipmasters.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. NEGLEY. The next amendment I
desire to offer is to section forty-two.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 42. And be it further enacted, That on any
steamers navigating rivers only, when from dark-
ness, fog, or other cause, the pilot on watch shall be
of opinion that the navigation is unsafe, or from
accident to or derangement of the machinery of the
boat the chief engineer shall be of the opinion that
the further navigation of the vessel is unsafe, the
vessel shall be brought to anchor or moored as soon
as it prudently can be done: Provided, That if the
person in command shall, after being so admonished
by either of such officers, elect to pursue such voy-
age, he may do the same; but in such case both he
and the owners of such steamer shall be answerable
for all damages which shall arise to the person of
any passenger or his baggage from said causes in so
pursuing the voyage, and no degree of care or dili-
gence shall in such case be held to justify or excuse
the person in command or said owners.
Mr. NEGLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment to that section :
Strike out, in lines one and two, the words " oil any
steamers navigating rivers only" and insert in lieu
thereof the words " tho inspectors or inspector be
authorized and directed to prohibit and prevent any
steamers navigating rivers only to leave port unless
and until they are properly equipped according to
law, and when after starting."
Mr. Speaker, the proper equipment of boats
ought to be insisted upon by the inspectors
before starting on a trip, and when such is
done and the owners have complied with all
requirements, the owners ought not to be
made responsible for bad behavior of the cap-
tains.
Mr. KELSEY. I think they must be held
responsible for the conduct of their captains.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. NEGLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment to the same section :
In line twelve, strike out and omit the word
"both" and the words "and the owners of such
steamer.1'
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. NEGLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment to the same section :
In line seventeen, strike out and omit the words
"or said owners."
Mr. CONGER. That is the same proposi-
tion as has already been rejected.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. NEGLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment:
On page 42. section fifty-one, strike out, in lines
eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, and thirteen, the
words "and every coastwise sea-going steam vessel
subject to the navigation laws of the United States
and to therules and regulations aforesaid, not sailing
under register, shall, when under way, except on
high seas, be under the control and direction of
pilots licensed by the inspectors of steamboats."
This section is entirely impracticable, as the
travel on river boats consists nearly entirely
of way passengers, some going five or ten
miles and others between ten and twenty
miles. You cannot stop half of one party
and make them wait for the next boat. Make
every boat furnish proper conveniences for all
passengers is ail that is wanted.
Mr. CONGER. I do not see how these
remarks refer to this part of the bill.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. NEGLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment :
On page 40, strike out section forty-eight, which
isas follows:
Sec. 48. And be it further enacted. That the inspec-
tors shall state in every certificate of inspection
granted to steamers carrying passengers, other than
ferry-boats, the number of passengers of each class
that any such steamer has accommodations for and
can carry with prudence and safety; and it shall not.
be lawful to take on board of any such steamer a
greater number of passengers than is so stated in the
certificate as aforesaid; and for every violation of
this provision the master and owner, or either of
them, shall be liable, to any person suing for the
same, to forfeit the amount of passage money and
tea dollars for each passenger beyond the number
thus allowed: Provided, however. That if any such
steamer shall engage in excursions, the inspectors
shall issue to such steamer a special permit, in writ-
ing, for the occasion, in which shall be stated the
additional number of passengers that may be car-
ried, and the number and kind of life-saving appli-
ances that shall be provided for the safety of such
additional passengers, and that they shall also in
their discretion limit the route and distance for such
excursions.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. NEGLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment:
On page 43, section fifty-two. strike out, in lines
seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, and twenty-
one. the words " also the kind and capacity of
pumps and other appliances for freeing the steamer
from water in case of heavy leakage, the capacity
of said pumps or appliances being saited to the
navigation in which the steamer is employed," and
insert the words "to see that each of such steamers
shall have a barge to tow alongside of sufficient
capacity to receive all live freight on board of such
steamer:" also, in line twenty-two, insert, between
the words "such"and "drags" the word "barge."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. NEGLEY. I now offer the following
amendment:
On page 48, section sixty-two, strike out, in line
three, the words "local board " and insert in lieu
thereof the words "supervising inspector."
To provide an entire local board for the
named ports would involve an expense of not
less than fifty to sixty thousand dollars per
annum, which is not; justified by the amount
of shipping in these ports, so much the less as
one able inspector can easily supervise all the
steam travel of said ports, and the salary of
$2,000 per annum will be an ample payment
for such services.
Mr. CONGER. It is only the supervising
inspectors that have this power, and instead
of having a local board stationed at the ports,
this would either require steamboats to go
from air ports of one of the ten districts in the
United States to the place where the super-
vising inspector was, or that he should go
there. As it is now, there are local boards
provided for in this bill, at such points as are
deemed necessary, to accommodate the ship-
ping interests. Now, I wish to say that this
is a self-sustaining institution. The fees that
have been paid and will be paid under the
provisions of this law cover all the expenses,
and more. They paid into the Treasury
$218,000 during the last year, while the whole
expense of this inspection system has been
only $114,000. Under the new provision
incorporated into this bill, requiring greater
activity and energy on the part of the inspect-
ors, there will be some more expense, but
there will not be more expense than the fees
will cover.
Mr. NEGLEY. If the gentleman desires to
increase taxation let him oppose this amend-
ment.
The question was put upon the amendment;
and there were—ayes 17, noes 44.
Mr. NEGLEY. I call for the yeas and nays.
This amendment is in favor of the tax-payer,
Mr. CONGER. This is paid for by the
fees.
Mr. NEGLEY. Yes; and, of course, the
fees are paid by the people.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was again put on the amend-
ment ; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. NEGLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment:
On page 49, section sixty-two, insert in line thirty-
two, between the words "annum" and "and" the
words " except the supervising inspectors created
by this act for Paget sound, Albany, Appalaebicola,
Evansville, Huron, and Marquette, who shall per-
form, and thereforebequalifiedfor, thedutiesdesig-
nated in other places for local boards, and shall be
paid annually $2,000 each."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. NEGLEY. I have another amend-
ment to offer. I move to strike out section
sixty-three, on page 50 of the bill.
Mr. BOLES. 1 desire to move to amend
that section before the question is taken on
striking out.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to say that section
sixty-three of the bill does not stand now as
it is in the printed bill.
Mr. BOLES. I desire to move a substitute
for the section.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to amend the
section before the vote is taken, either on
striking out or on the substitute for it, by
adding to it the following:
All rules and regulations adopted by the board of
supervising inspectors, before taking effect, shall
first be submitted to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the supervising inspector general for their
approval or rejection.
Mr. CONGER. It is already provided that
the board, together with the Secretary of the
Treasury, or on his approval, may make all
rules and regulations, so that none can be
made which shall have the force of law that
do not have the approval of the Secretary of
the Treasury; The section in the substitute
has been modified somewhat from the printed
section.
Mr. DICKEY. Let the section, as modified,
be read.
Ths modified section was read as follows:
Sec. 63. And be it further enacted. That the President
of the United States shall, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, appoint a supervising
inspector general, who shall be selected with refer-
ence to his fitness and ability to systematise and
carry into effect all the provisions of law relating
to the steamboat inspection service, whose duty it
shall be, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to superintend the administration of the
steamboat inspection laws, preside at the meetings
of the board of supervising inspectors, receive the
reports of inspectors, receive and examine the
accounts of such officers, report ful ly at stated periods
to the Secretary of the Tre isury upon all matters
pertaining to his official duties, and to produce a
correct and uniform administration of the inspec-
tion laws, rules, and regulations; and the said super-
vising inspector general snail be paid for his ser-
vices at the rate of $3,500 per annum, and all his
reasonable traveling expenses, or mileage at the
rate of ten cents per mile when on official duty.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will withdraw my
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The next question will
be upon the substitute for the section pro-
posed by the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
Boles.]
The substitute was read as follows:
Sf.c. 63. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall oreatea separate division
in his Department, to be known as the steamboat
inspection division, and to appoint a chief thereof
as other chiefs of divisions are appointed, who is
fully capable to superintend the administration of
the steamboat inspection laws in a thorough and
comprehensive manner, and whose duty it shall bo
to visit, from time to time, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, the several steamboat
inspection districts to confer with the inspectors
thereat upon matters pertaining to the servico: and
the said chief of the steamboat inspection division
shall be paid for his services the same salary as that
