1328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
paid to heads of other divisions in the Secretary's
office, and all his reasonable traveling expenses, or
mileaec at the rate of ten cents per mile when on
official duty.
Mr. BOLES. My amertdmentproposesthat
this work shall be done by a chief of division,
instead of creating a new bureau in the Treas-
ury Department, with an officer at the head
of the bureau with a salary of $3,500 a year.
I hope this amendment will be adopted. It
has the indorsement of some of the supervis-
ing board of inspectors, and I think it was
drawn up by some of them.
Mr. CONGER. If it was drawn up by the
supervising board of inspectors and has their
approval they failed to make any mention
of it ih their report. The provisions of this
bill meet the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury. Heretofore this service has been
rambling about from one head of a division to
another, until "the Secretary desires that there
shall be a supervising inspector general who
shall be responsible to the country for carrying
out these laws. That can be done at a less
expense than heretofore, and at a less expense
than would be required by the gentleman's
substitute.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The idea
of putting this matter under the charge of a
clerk is simply absurd.
Mr. BOLES. One word more.
Mr. CONGER. Is further debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. CONGER. Then I object.
The question was taken upon the substitute
moved by Mr. Boles; and it was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Negley, to strike out
section sixty-three, was not agreed to.
Mr. ROOTS. I want to call the attention
of the House to section forty-three of this bill.
It provides that before a man can obtain com-
pensation for any damages he may sustain by
explosion, fire, collision, or other cause on a
steamboat, he must prove that that damage
resulted from the neglect or failure of the
master or owner of the vessel to comply with
the provisions of this bill. j
Mr. FINKELNBURG. That has been j
struck out.
Mr. ROOTS. Well, if that has been struck
out,, let me refer to the remainder of the sec-
tion, which is no less reprehensible. It pro-
vides that—
Any person sustaining loss or injury through the
carelessness, negligence, or willful misconduct of any
captain, mate, engineer, or pilot, or his neglect or
refusal to obey the provisions of law herein pre-
scribed as to navigating such steamers, may sue such
captain, mate, engineer, or pilot, and recover dam-
ages for any such injury caused as_ aforesaid by any
such captain, mate, engineer, or pilot.
This proposes that the remedy of the injured
party shall be by suit against the captain, mate,
engineer, or pilot, from whom, in all proba-
bility, not one cent could be collected. 1 think
the section should be struck out, so that injured
parties may have their remedy at common law
against owners of vessels as common carriers
for all damages except those which may result
from the act of God or the common enemy.
Mr. CONGER. If the gentleman could
have restrained himself a moment L would
have told him that the provisions of this sec-
tion, so far as they conflict at all with the
principles of the common law, have been
struck out by the committee.
Mr. NEGLEY. Then why did not the gen-
tleman have the bill recommitted and printed,
so that the House might understand what the
committee propose?
Mr. ROO rs. I would like to hear the forty-
third section read as modified by the com-
mittee, for I am very suspicious in regard to
that section. For, like the heathen Chinee,
at least there is in it something "peculiar."
[Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER. The section will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 43. And be it further enacted. That whenever
damage is sastained by any passenger or his baggage
from explosion, fire, collision, or other cause, the
master and the owner of such vessel, or either of
them, and the vessel, shall be liable to each and
every person so injured to the full amount of dam-
age, if it happens through any neglect or failure to
comply with theprevisionsof law herein prescribed,
or through known detects or imperfections of the
steaming apparatus or of the hull; and any person
sustaining loss or injury through the carelessness,
negligence, or willful misconduct of any captain,
mate, engineer, or pilot, or his neglect or refusal to
obey the provisions of law herein prescribed as to
navigating such steamers, may sue such captain,
mate, engineer, or pilot, and recover damages for
any such injury caused as aforesaid by any such cap-
tain, mate, engineer, or pilot.
Mr. ROOTS. I consider it still very objec-
tionable, and do hope it will be entirely stricken
out.
Mr. NEGLEY. I movetorecommitthebill.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the "bill be laid
on the table.
Mr. ROOTS. I hope the bill will not be
laid on the table. I appeal to the House in
the interest and in behalf of the people of the
great Mississippi valley, let us have some bill
for the better protection of life.
The motion of Mr. Dickey wasnotagreed'to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Negley,] to recommit the bill.
Mr. .NEGLEY, With authority to report
at any time.
The SPEAKER. Authority to report at any
time requires unanimous consent.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. CON GER. I hope the bill will not be
recommitted ; the committee has spent months
of faithful labor in the endeavor to perfect it.
Mr. NEGLEY. I demand the previous
question on the motion to recommit.
Mr. HOGE. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
- The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion of Mr. Negley, to
recommit the bill, was not agreed to.
The substitute reported by the committee
was, as amended, agreed to.
The bill, as amended by the adoption of the
substitute, was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOGB. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p.m.) the
House adjourned.
petition's, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BOLES: The petition of John G.
Connelly, of Arkansas, for removal of political
disabilities.
By Mr. COBB, of North Carolina: The
petition of J. D. Goodman, of Gates county,
North Carolina, for removal of his political
disabilities.
By Mv. GIBSON: The petition-of John S.
Bradley of Washington county, Virginia, to be
relieved of disabilities.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky : A petition
of the members of the bar of Kenton and
Campbell counties, for the division of Kentucky
into two judicial districts.
Also, a memorial of 3,200 citizens of Cov-
ington, Kentucky, asking the passage of a bill
by Congress to promote the construction of
the proposed Cincinnati and Southern railway.
By Mr. JULIAN : A petition of 117 settlers
on the public lands in California, praying fur-
ther time to make payment for their preemp-
tions.
By Mr. McNEELY: The petition of Wil-
liam Mann, J. M. Hartley, William H. Hern-
don, and others, citizens of Sangamon county,
Illinois, asking relief for said Mann as a dis-
tiller of whisky.
By Mr. SMITH, of Teonessee : The petition
of John Clinton, postmaster of Brownsville,
Tennessee, indorsed by the United States
commissioners and United States attorney,
asking to be relieved from the loss of $375
stolen from the post office.
By Mr. STOUGHTON: A petition of 71
citizens of Cass county, Michigan, represent-
ing that drunkenness is the great evil of our
time; that the national sentiment demands a
decided position in favor of sobriety, and ask-
ing that voluntary drunkenness on the part of
all officers of the United States Government
be made a ground of impeachment and dis-
missal from office.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 17, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
credentials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the cre-
dentials of Hon. Eli Saulsbury, chosen by the
Legislature of-the State of Delaware a Sen-
ator from that State for the term commencing
March 4, 1871; which were read, and ordered
to be placed on file.
petition's and memorials.
Mr. RICE presented the petition of Thomas
Fletcher, of Arkansas county, Arkansas, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of sol-
diers in the late war, having lost an arm or
leg in the service, praying to be allowed home-
steads on the public domain without actual
settlement; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
j: He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Massachusetts, in favor of the passage
of a law enabling ship-owners to purchase
dutiable ship-stores in bond free of duty;
which was referred to the Committee oil Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented the petition of John S.
Emery & Co., praying that an American regis-
ter be granted to the bark Alice Tarleton ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented the petition of Almira II.
Thompson, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of New
York merchants, praying that there may be
some remedy applied by Congress for the
abuses in the customs department at New
York; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of Annie
B. Thompson and Ida F. Bosworth, daughters
of the late Major Felix Bosworth, who died
while in the military service of the United
States, praying remuneration for certain dam-
ages sustained by them during the Uie war of
rebellion; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. ROSSpresentedamemorlal of the chiefs
of the confedeiated bands ot Kaskaskia, Ptorta
Piankeshaw. and \\ ea Indians, complaining
of certain fraudulent practices in the disposal
of their lands, and praying relief; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Atf.urs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented the
repoi t ol the mayor of the city of Washington,
the major ot United States engineers in chaise
of the public buildings and grounds, and the
architect of the Capitol, in accordance with the
resolution of the Senate and House of llepre-
