THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
riehlf deserved !j?l,400 a year each, lie also
said that he thought $1,200 would be about
right, considering the pay of other female clerks
throughout the Departments. The generosity
of heart of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] prompts him to ask $1,400 for
these clerks, but really I think that $1,200 will
be about right. Therefore, I move to amend
the -amendment by striking out " $1,400" and
inserting " $1,200," which I think will be fair.
I am confident that amount will give satisfac-
tion all around. These female clerks, who are
doing this work for $900 a year, do not dream
that they are to have this addition to their sal-
ary. I am sure they will be perfectly satisfied
with-$1,200 a year.
Mr. KELLEY. Very well; I will accept
that amendment.
The fimeiidment, as modified, was then
agreed to.  
Mr.. DAWES. I suppose the Clerk under-
stands that he is to make the aggreg&te amount
at the end of each paragraph to correspond
with the action ofthe Committee of the Whole.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will instruct
the Clerk to make the necessary changes.
The Clerk read as follows:
For stationery, $9,000: for fuel for the General
Post Ollice building, including the Auditor's office,
$7,400; for gas, $-1,000; for plumbing and gasfixtures,
§3,000: for telegraphing, $3,000; for painting:, §1,500;
for carpets, §3,000; for furniture, SX500; for livery,
$750; lor hardware, &800; for engineer, $1,000; for
assistant engineer, £1,000; for fireman and blaok-
smith, $900; lor two firemen, $1,440; for six laborers,
84.320; for one watchman, $7X); for one carpenter,
$1,252; for three assistant messengers, $730 each ; for
two female laborers, S960: for one female laborer,
at $240; for contingent expenses, $7,500; in all.
858,012.
Mr. ELA. I move to amend the paragraph
just read by inserting after the clause "for
livery, $750," the following:
Provided, That no further expenditure shall he
made for this service in the Post Office Department,
and that 110 expenditure shall bo mado for this kind
of service by any of the Executive Departments
except for the use of the heads thereof.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order
that this amendment is new legislation, and
therefore not in order.
Mr. ELA. It proposes to limit this appro-
priation.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman cannot move
an amendment limiting this appropriation for
all the Departments without changing the law.
Mr. ELA. If I understand my amendment,
itissimply this; the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Mungen] in his remarks day before yesterday
charged that all the Departments and all the
heads of bureaus in all the Departments were
keeping horses and carriages at the expense
of the Government, which could not be done
short of $2,000 a year for each one of them.
Mr. DAWES. I must insist upon my point
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
pointof order. The amendment is not a limit-
ation upon the appropriation contained in this
paragraph, but is a change of the law applicable
to all the Departments, and it is therefore not
in order.
Mr. ELA. My amendment do^s not pro-
pose to chango the law, but simply limits this
kind of service to the heads of Departments.
The CHAIRMAN. That is a change of the
law; the amendment is not in order.
The Clerk read as follows:
War Department:
For compensation of the Secretary of War, $8,000;
chief clerk, five clerks of class four; for additional
to one clerk of class four, as disbursing clerk, $200;
for six clerks of class three, three clerks of class two,
eight clcrks of class ono, one messenger; three assist-
ant messengers, at $720 each; one laborer; $16,5:3).
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, since this bill
was reported to the House the Secretary of War
lias suggested several amendments which I am
disposed to offer. If they are all adopted they
will increase the expenses of the Department
only $100. They will, however, change sev-
eral of the clerks. It is proposed by him to
add in line ten hundred and seventy-one, after
the word "clerk," the words "at $2,500,
two clerks at $2,000," and three clerks of
class four instead of five clerks of class four;
in line ten hundred and eighty, iti the office of
the Adjutant General, to insert "chief clerk,
at $2,000," and strikeout "three" and insert
"two clerks of class four;" in line ten hun-
dred and eighty-six, in the office of the Quar-
termaster General, to strike out " four clerks
of class four" and insert "three clerks of
class four and one chief clerk, at $2,000in
line eleven hundred and one, in the office of
the Commissary General, to insert " one chief
clerk, at $2,000; " in line eleven hundred and
eight, in the Surgeon General's office, to insert
"one chief clerk, at $2,000;" in line eleven
hundred and sixteen, in the office of the Chief
of Engineers, to insert "one chief clerk, at
$2,000;" in line eleven hundred and thirty-
one, in the Bureau of Military Justice, to in-
sert "one chief clerk, at $2,000;" and to strike
out lines eleven hundred and forty-one, eleven
hundred and forty-two, and eleven hundred
and forty-three. This makes the change in
the amount of only $100, while itconforms the
organization of the Department more nearly to
the wishes of the Secretary of War.
Mr. ELA. I raise the point of tu-der that
this is as much a change ofthe existing law as
the amendment which I have proposed.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know of any law
which prevents us from fixing the salary of a
chief clerk. If there be such a law I hope the
gentleman will state it.
Mr. ELA. I ask whether restriction of the
number of clerks is not as much a change of
law as to limit the number of horses to be
emnloyed by the Department?
Mr. DAWES. That may be the opinion of
the gentleman ; but I do not think that it will
be the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order of the gentleman from New
Hampshire.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following amend-
ment :
In lino ten hundred and seventy-one, after tbe
word "clerk," insert" at 82,500, two clerks at $2,000;"
and strike out "livo" and insert "three;" so it
will then read :
Chiel clerk at $2,500, two clerks at 32,003, aud three
oleiks of class four.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office of the Adjutant General:
For three clerks of class four, nine clerks of class
three, twenty-seven clerks of class two, twenty-six
clerks of class one, and two messengers: in all,
$90,180.
Mr. DAWES. I move in line ten hundred
and eighty to insert "chief clerk, at $2,000;"
and strike out "three" and insert "two"
clerks of class four ; so it will read " for chief
clerk, at $2,000, two clerks of class four."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Office of the Quartermaster General:
For four clerks of elass four, eight clerks of class
three, twenty clerks of class two, seventy-five clerks'
of class one; thirty copyists, at $900 each; superin-
tendent of the building, $200: one messenger, two
assistant messengers, and ssc laborers; in all,
$171,800.
Mr. DAWES. I move in line ten hunui.d
and eighty-six, after the word " for," to insert
"chief clerk, at$2,000," and strike out "four"
and insert" three;" so it will read " for chief
clerk, at $2,000, three clerks of class four."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Office of the Commissary General:
For one clerk ot class four, one clerk of class three,
eight clerks of class two, fifteen clerks of class one,
one messenger, and two laborers : ill all, $34,880.
Mr. DAWES. I move in line eleven hun-
dred and one, after the word "for," to insert
"chief clerk, at $2,000," and strike out " one
clerk of class four."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office of the Surgeon General:
For one clerk of classfour, one clerk of class three,
two clerks of class two, eight clerks of class one, one
messenger, and one laborer; in all, $17,300.
Mr. DAWES. I move in line eleven hun-
dred and eight, after the word "one," to insert
the words "chief clerk, at $2,000," and to strike
out the words "of class four;" so it will read
"for one chief clerk, at $2,000."
Office of Chief of Engineers:
For four clerks of class four, four clerks of class
three, four clerks of class two, four clerks of class
one, one messenger, and one laborer; in all, $25,500.
Mr. DAWES. I move in line eleven hun-
dred and sixteen, after the word "for," to
insert the words " chief cleik, at $2,000," and
strike out "four" and insert "three" clerks
of classfour; so it will read "for chief cleik,
at $2,000 three clerks of class four."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office of Military Justice;
For one clerk of elass four, one clerk of class three,
one clerk of class one; in all, $4,600.
Mr. DAWES. I move in line eleven hun-
dred and thirty-one, after the word " one," lo
insert the words "chief clerk, at $2,000," aud
to strike out the words "clerk of class four."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYHAM. I move to strike out the
whole paragraph. Mr. Chairman, this Bureau
of Military Justice had its origin during the time
of the war. At that time probably it was a
necessity; but by the very act which created
the bureau it was limited to the existence of
the rebellion. That period lias long since
passed. But by subsequent legislation this
bureau has in effect been continued, and in 18G0
a law was passed constituting the Judge Advo-
cate and certain other military officers the offi-
cers of that bureau. It is known to the.mem-
bers of this committee that the duties of that
court must be very materially abridged by tbe
reduction of the Army and the present state of
peace that pervades the entire country. But
yet, in looking through the appropriation bills,
we find that the appropriations which were
made for this department at the time it. was
brought into existence by the necessities of the
couutry are still kept up, and that there is no
abatement, as far as the expense is concerned,
in this department. Now, sit, even if this
bureau is necessary, it seems to me that it is
unnecessary to continue the expense of clei k
hire at the same rate as when this bureau wat
brought into existence by the necessities of
the country. The reduction of the military
force, and the consequent reduction of mili-
tary trials and trials by courts-martial, which
are to be reviewed by this court of military
justice, it seems to me should reduce the
expenditure of this department; and it is in
that view, sir, and I believe in the interest of
economy, to strike out this appropriation for
clerk hire in this department.
Mr. DAWES. I should be very glad if I
could see my way clear to strike out this
appropriation. But if the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Mayham] was more familiar
with the facts about the work still to be done
in that department, and through that depart-
ment for the country, I think he would agree
with me that we are not yet prepared to do
away with it altogether. I hope the time will
come—and when it does come we will be near
the millennium—when we will need no motv
courts-martial, and when we will have no more
trials of any kind ; when our swords will be
turned into plowshares and our spears into
pruning-hooks.
Mr. MAYHAM. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts one question.
Before the war this tribunal of military justice
did not exist. It was a creation of the war, was
it not?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYHAM. And courts-martial were
held before this office of military justice was
