1940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paine] moves that there be granted
from the contingent fund of the House to Mr.
J. Gr. Hinds, contestant against Mr. Sherrod,
one of the Representatives from Alabama, the
sum of $500. to cover the expenses of his con-
test. Is there objection ? The Chair hears
none; and it is so ordered.
REMOVAL OF TIIE CAPITAL.
Mr. DONLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to make a report from the Committee on Pub-
lic, Expenditures, in regard to the removal of
the capital, and to move that the same be
printed, and that its consideration be indefi-
nitely postponed.
Mr. COBURN. I also ask unanimous con-
sent to make a minority report, on the same
subject, and to ask that it be printed.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Is there any action
on this subject proposed now?
The SPEAKER. Nothing but this, that
these two reports may be made and printed
and indefinitely postponed.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Unless the last part
of this request be withdrawn, I shall have to
object. I have no objection to the report
being made, but I have to its indefinite post-
ponement.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
it makes no particular difference what action
is taken at this late stage of the session.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Except in form.
Mr. MAYNARD. L desire to move the
usual order made at the end of a Congress,
that all reports in the hands of committees,
which they have not had an opportunity to pre-
sent, shall be filed with the Clerk and printed.
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent,.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is an order that is
made at the end of every Congress.
The SPEAKER. Is theie objection to
granting leave to the majority and minority
of the Committee on Public Expenditures to
present, reports on the question of removing
the national capital, and to have the same laid
on the table, and printed?
No objection was made; and it was so
ordered.
ORGANrZATrOJJ OP post om'ici; DEPARTMENT.
Mr. FAIINSWORTII. A few moments ago
a letter from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting reports, as required by act of Congress,
relating to changes in the organization of the
Post Office Department, with the accompany-
ing papers, were ordered to be printed. 1 move
to reconsider that vote, and that the letter alone
be printed.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
ARMY REGULATIONS.
Mr. SLOCUM. I ask unanimous consent, to
liave taken from the Speaker's table and passed
the bill (S. No. 1294) to authorize the general
promulgation of the regulations for the gov-
erment of the Army.
The bill was read for information. It repeals
the twentieth section of the act approved July
15, 1870, entitled "An act making appropri-
ations for the support of the Army tor theyear
ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes,"
which requires the system of general regulations
for the Army therein authorized to be reported
to Congress at its next session and approved
by that body, and provides that the regulations
prepared by the Secretary of War under said
section shall, when approved by the President,
be in forceand binding until altered or revoked
by the same authority or by act of Congress.
Mr. LOGAN. That bill ought to be referred
to some committee. It ought not to pass. I
do not think the House would pass it if they
understood it. I will merely state to the House,
if I am allowed 
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent, arfQ there is no need of going into
argument.
Mr, LOGAN. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to everything
except what is in order.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr". NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
A bill (S. No. 109) to revive the grant of
land to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Selma to Gadsden, in the State of Ala-
bama, and to confirm the same to the Selma,
Rome, and Dalton Railroad Company ;
A bill (S. No. 140) to renew certain grants
of land to the State of Alabama ;
A bill*(S. No. 1137) to extend the benefits
of the donation law of September 27, 1850 ;
and
A bill (S. No. 1202) confirming the title to
Certain lands.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CONGER. I have a proposition which
comes under the rule, an appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order under
the rule.
Mr. CONGER. I submit to the Chair that
1 The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
resolution adopted by the House this morning.
The Clerk read as follows :
Iiexolved, That tho House now take a recess until
ten o'clock, at which time the House shall meet to
consider appropriation bills and reports of commit-
tees of conference; and no other business shall be in
order except messages from the Senate and executive
communications.
Mr. CONGER. Mine is an appropriation
bill, and I ask unanimous consent that it may
be read at least.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. CONGER. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that objection.
Mr. DOX. If he does I will renew it. I
object to everything under that resolution.
After the expiration of some minutes,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, said: Irise to a
parliamentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman if there be no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Several gentle-
men have matters which they desire to present
for the consideration of the House. It is stated
that some gentleman has objected to everything,
and that brings the House to a dead-lock. Is
it competent, for one gentleman to hold the
entire House for three quarters of an hour
without voting ? It seems to me that every
gentleman here has a right to at least submit
a request for unanimous consent.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
cannot object to my making a parliamentary
inquiry of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Of course each member
of the House has a right to ask unanimous
consent of the House if recognized by the
Chair. But as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Raxdall] gave notice that ho would
object to everything not strictly iu order, the
Chair thought it might save some labor on the
part of gentlemen on the floor, and also to
himself, notto take up time in asking for unan-
imous consent.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. CESSNA, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill of the following
title ; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (II. R. No. 2524) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government, for the year
ending June 20, 1872.
LEAVE TO PiiTNT.
Mr. REEVES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to have printed iu the
Globe some remarks be had prepai edon t lie sub-
ject of the removal of the Brooklyn navy-yard.
Mr. DOCKERY s^sked and obtained a like
consent to have printed some remarks he had
prepared upon the subject of the bill to estab-
lish a national system of education, and also
upon the condition of the southern States.
Mr. HAMILTON asked and obtained leave
to print remarks on the report of the commit-
tee on the Howard investigation.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, asked and ob-
tained leave to have printed some remarks
upon the sundry civil appropriation bill.
[For the above speeches see Appendix.]
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
Mr. STOKES asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to have withdrawn from the files
of the House the papers in the case of A. M.
Cate, now before the Committee of Claims.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent to
have withdrawn from the files of the House
the petition and papers in the case of Coleman
Sellers and William Sellers, now before the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask unani-
mous consent to submit, for consideration at
this time, a resolution.
Mr. MCCARTHY. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Let it be read.
I assure the gentleman from New York [Mr.
McCarthy] that there is nothing about salt in
the resolution. [Laughter.]
Mr. MeCARTHY. I do not object to the
resolution being read.
Mr. WILLARD. I object.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
to have printed iu the Globe the resolution to
offer which I was refused unanimous consent
a short time ago.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object.
ADMIRAL AND VICE ADMIRAL.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, from a committee
of conference, submitted the following report:
The committcc of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill of tho flouseNo.
2509, to abolish the offices of Admiral and Vice Admi-
ral in the Navy, having met, alter full and free con-
ference have been unable to agree.
II. II. STARKWEATHER,
THOMAS W. KERRY,
P. VAN TRUMP,
Malingers on thepfirt of the Houie.
JAMES W. NYE,
11. 13. ANTHONY.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Would it be in order to
move that the House recede from their dis-
agreement to the amendment of the Senate and
agree to the same ?
The SPEAKER. The Senate have adhered
to their amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. So I understand ; but the
House may yet agree to the amendment of the
Senate. The House passed a bill to abolish
the office of Admiral; the Senate put on an
amendment to abolish also the office of Vice
Admiral. Tho House disagreed to that amend-
ment, and two committees of conference have
failed to agree upon the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, one of tho committees
desiring to also abolish some other offices ; but
all are in favor of the bill as amended so far
as it goes. I move that, the House recede Irom
its disagiement to the amendment of the Sen-
ate, and agree to the same.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The committee
of conference met. The conferees on the
part of the House, representing the senti-
ment of the House, felt it to be our duty to
adhere to the bill as passed by the House.
The gentleman lrom Pennsylvania [Mr. Soo-
field] is mistaken in supposing that we de-
sired to incorporate any other and independent
legislation in this bill. The question simply
was whether the Senate view or the House
view should stand. The House conferees in-
sisted that the sentiment of the House was
very conclusive, and all together united in
standing by the bill as it passed the House.
On the contrary, the Senate did not require
any new legislation ; but the Senate conferees
