1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sentatives, approved July 14,_ 1870, in relation
to the grades of the streets in the vicinity of
the Capitol; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Mary E. Tripp, praying that a pension may be
granted to her daughter, Anna Augusta Tripp ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask leave to present
memorials very numerously signed by citizens
of a number of counties of the State of New
York, and also by citizens of the State of New
Jersey, not only physicians and professional
men, but citizens of all callings and trades,
praying earnestly for the establishment of a
chair of homeopathy in the national univer-
sity the establishment of which has been pro-
posed in this city. I move their reference to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on the District of Columbia have reported on
that subject, and petitions of this character
are now referred to the Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I ask that these
memorials take that reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will bo so
referred.
Mr. CONKLING. I also present memo-
rials from citizens of the State of New York,
asking the recognition of homeopathic sur-
geons among the examining surgeons of the
country; and as a report has been made in
this regard, I move that these memorials lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. REVELS. I present a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Mississippi,
attested by the Governor and the secretary of
State, touching the granting of aid by an
appropriation of money to the board of regents
of the American Printing House for the Blind
and the American University for the Blind;
and as the joint resolution is not very long, I
ask that it be read, referred to the Committee
on Education and Labor, and ordered to be
printed.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
A joint resolution requesting our Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress to favor the granting of
aid by an appropriation of money to the board of
regents of the American Printing House for the
Blind and the American University for the Blind.
Whereas the central board of trustees of the
American Printing House for the Blind and the
American University for the Blind has been in-
corporated and organized in the District of Colum-
bia, under the name of the Board of Regents of
the American Printing House for the Blind and the
American University for the Blind; and whereas
the objects of said institution are to provide for
the blind facilities of instruction not heretofore
enjoyed or attainable by them; that is to say a series
of text-books, works ol general literature, and illus-
trative apparatus addressed to the sense of touch,
with all other methods conducive to the acquisition
of thorough and liberal education ; and whereas the
respective State boards of trustees of said printing
house or of said university are entitled to represent-
atives in said board of regents; and whereas a board
of trustees has been incorporated and organized: m
this State to eooperato in establishing said institu-
tion ; and whereas it is for the benefit of the blind of
thenation those of this State are equally interested
a.nd are to bo recipients of said facilities of educa-
tion; and whereas there is a bill in Congress to make
an appropriation to said printing house and said
university for the blind: Now. therefore.
Be it resolved by the Legislature of the State of 3/(s-
sinsippi, "That our Senators and Representatives iu
Congress be requested to favor the granting of aid,
by an appropriation of money, to said institution,
and that his Excellency, the Governor,bo requested
to forward a copy of this memorial to our Repre-
sentatives in Congress.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Education and Labor, and ordered to
be.printed.
Mr. CAMERON presented resolutions of
the councils of the city of Chester, Pennsyl-
vania, in favor of the passage of a law allowing
bounties upon all articles of domestic manu-
facture used in the construction of ships equiv-
alent to the duties paid upon such imported
41sx Cong. 3d Sess.— No. 84.
articles; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petition of
N. K. Ferguson, W. T. Ferguson, J. D. Fer-
guson, M. A. Daggett, E. A. Jahn, andM. A.
(Jzzell, of Texas, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. SPAGUE presented additional papers
in support of the petition of MaryB. Walker,
widow of the late Hon. Robert J. Walker, for
certain relief; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
iienry clay williams.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2666)
for the relief of Henry Clay Williams, late
receiver of public moneys at Eau Claire, Wis-
consin, have directed me to report it back
without amendment and recommend its pas-
sage. It is a bill allowing the Treasury De-
partment to credit him with three hundred
and some odd dollars which the Treasury
Department says he has paid through mis-
take. The letter of the Secretary is with the
papers. It is a House bill, and I wish the
Senate would pass it now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which directs the accounting
officers of the United States Treasury to pay
Henry Clay Williams, late receiver of public
moneys at Eau Claire, Wisconsin, the sum of
$328 99, it being the amount erroneously
deposited by him to the credit of the United
States Treasurer.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JOHN C. M'QUISTON AND J. D. SKEEN.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2707)
for the relief of General John C. McQuiston
and Jeremiah D. Skeen, of Indiana, have had
the same under consideration, and directed me
to report it back without amendment and rec-
ommend its passage ; and I renew the motion
| that I made the other morning, to have the bill
put on its passage now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senator from Indiana to defer that motion for
a few moments. I wish to make some reports
on which no action is desired.
Mr. PRATT. I will say to my friend from
Vermont that if this bill gives rise to any dis-
cussion at all I will not press its consideration
now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
object; I merely ask leave to make some
reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be regarded as before
the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Vermont object to its present considera-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir;
until I can make some reports.
TheVlCE PRESIDENT subsequently said:
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Pratt] re-
ported a bill from the Committee on Claims
some time since, and asked for its present con-
sideration, but yielded to allow morning busi-
ness to be presented. If there bo no objection,
that bill will now be taken up.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to considerthe bill (H. R. No. 2707)
for the relief of General John C. McQuiston
and J eremiah D. Skeen, of Indiana. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to John
C. McQuiston and Jeremiah D. Skeen, of In-
diana, the sum of 32,000. to reimburse them
for expense incurred in satisfaction of a judg-
ment recovered against them iu the Ripley
circuit court in favor of Jerome Huntington,
upon a charge of false imprisonment, founded -
upon an arrest made by John C. McQuiston,
as provost marshal of the fourth district of
Indiana, and Jeremiah D. Skeen, his deputy,
while acting under the order of General Baker,
the provost marshal of the State of Indiana,
and Brigadier General WJcox.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom was referred the petition of" James M.
Dalzell, E. A. Belford, and other citizens of
Noblescounty, Ohio, praying an appropriation
for a painting of John Gray, a revolutionary
soldier, to be placed in the Rotunda of the
Capitol, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of the same parties with
some others in the same county of Ohio, asking
an appropriation for a painting of John Gray
to be placed in some public place for exhibition
for all time, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the Legislature
of Dakota Territory, in favor of an appropria-
tion for building a post office and custom-house
at Pembina, in that Territory, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and rec-
ommended that the Territory be annexed as a
State. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
will be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the memorial. The Chair presumes
the Senator does not ask action now on the
recommendation of the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am also
directed by the same committee, to whom.was
referred the petition of Leander Brown, mayor
of Austin, Texas, praying for the construction
of a building for the use of the post office and
Federal courts of that city, to report it back,
and to state that we have no communication
from the head of any of the Executive Depart-
ments asking for an appropriation of this sort,
and that there is no prospect that any such
bill will pass, as four reported at the last ses-
sion have failed of any action in the other
House. We therefore ask to be discharged
from further consideration of this petition.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have directed me to give notice of sun-
dry amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 2615)
making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling so-called treaty stipu-
lations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 1872, and for other pur-
poses, which I now do; and I move that they
be referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1339) to provide for the selection of cadets
to the Military and Naval Academies, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. WILSON. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3034)
to protect national cemeteries, and for other
purposes, have directed me to report it with-
out amendment and recommend its passage.
It is a bill of only two sections, and I ask to
have it put on its passage now. I think no
one will oppose it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr, ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
