1330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
a resolution to provide for printing additional
copies of the report of the Indian commission-
ers, to report it back with an amendment by
way of substitute, and ask for its present con-
sideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the resolution;
and the amendment of the Committee on
Printing having been agreed to, the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted, as follows :
Hesolved, That two thousand additional copies
of the report of the board of Indian commissioners
for 1370 be printed and bound for the use of the
commission.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish the Senate would
allow me to call up the resolution for printing
the report of the Commissioner of Education.
It is essential to the economy of the work, if
it is to be done, that it should be decided at
once.
Mr. ABBOTT and others objected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
object.
Mr. ANTHONY. If Senators from that
part of the country where this report is mo3t
wanted object, be it so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are in order.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2944) to provide a temporary civil organ-
ization for the territory of Alaska, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2941) regulat-
ing the compensation of members and officers
of the Legislative Assemblies of the several
Territories of the United States, and limiting
the duration of said Assemblies, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. NYE. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. It. No. 2961) to repeal
an act of the Legislature of Wyoming Terri-.
tory apportioning said Territory for members
of the council and house of representatives of
the territorial Legislature, have directed me to
report it back favorably and request its im-
mediate passage. It is a bill to provide for
the apportionment of members of the Legisla-
ture in the Territory of Wyoming. The Legis-
lature meets biennially and the population is
so changed that it becomes requisite to reap-
portion the Territory. Everybody there asks
• for the passage of the bill, and I trust it will
be disposed of at once. It will take but a
moment.
Mr. ABBOTT. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. ABBOTT. If the Senator from Nevada
will yield to let me make some reports I will
not object.
Mr. NYE. I got as far as this three days
ago, when I made one report from the Com-
mittee on Territories and was stopped. This
is a bill that everybody asks for. It is agreed
to by all parties in the Territory; but I will
wait now until the honorable Senator makes
his reports.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 298) exempting from the
operation of the act of March 3, 1^69, the
vacancy in the grade of captain existing in the
ordnance department at the time of the pas-
sage of said act, reported itwithout amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1229) for the relief
of the sureties of George B. Way, late major
and additional paymaster United States Army,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its in-
definite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 180!)) for the
relief of Henry C.'Anderson and William B.
Critchfield, late soldiers of the thirteenth Iowa
infantry, reported it without amendment.
He also, frcm the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2700) for the
relief of William W. Speirs, late assistant sur-
geon United States Army, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
206) for the relief of First Lieutenant John F.
Trout, United States Army, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William B. Helts-
ley, late of company B, twenty-fifth Kentucky
volunteers, praying for allowances for service
in the Army during the late war and for a pen-
sion, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Pensions; which was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on the Judi-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1185) to provide for the appointment of an
additional judge of the district courts in the
State of Alabama, and for other purposes,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 1342) granting to the Utah South-
ern Railroad Company a right of way through
the public lands for the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Appropri-
ations, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2789) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30, 1872, and
for other purposes, have directed me to report
it back with amendments ; and I give notice
that I shall call it up just as soon as the other
appropriation bills that take precedence over
it arc out of the way.
WYOMING APPORTIONMENT.
Mr. NYE. I now ask for the consideration
of the bill I reported. j
There being no objection, the Senate, as in I
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2691) to repeal an
act of the Legislature of Wyoming Territory
apportioning said Territory for members of
the council and house of representatives of
the territorial Legislature.
The bill disapproves and repeals the act af
the Legislature of the Territory of Wyoming
entitled "An act apportioning the Territory
of Wyoming in council and representative dis-
tricts, and for other purposes," and provides
that the next apportionment of the Territory
for members of the council and house of rep-
resentatives in the territorial Legislature shall
be made by the Governor of the Territory in
the manner and form prescribed in section
four of the act of Congress entitled "An act
to provide a temporary government for the
Territory of Wyoming," approved July 2-3,
1868.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I should
like to hear the honorable Senator from Ne-
vada explain that proposition. It is an inter-
ference with the territorial government about
apportioning its representation, and giving the
whole power to the Governor.
Mr. NYE. The bill was introduced in the
House by the outgoing Delegate, a Democrat,
from Wyoming. It is also indorsed by the
incoming Delegate, and is urged upon us for
the reason that the Legislature meets bien-
nially, and they have never districted the Ter-
ritory. The only way to get representation is
to repeal temporarily the section here men-
tioned, and let the Governor make the appor-
tionment of the Territory. That is all the bill
does. Both the Delegates ask for it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Has this bill been passed
in the House of Representatives ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a House bill.
Mr- NYE. It was introduced by the out-
going Delegate, and passed at his. instance,
and the incoming Delegate comes and asks us
to pass it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
APPORTIONMENT IN COLORADO.
Mr. NYE. I am also directed by the Com-
mittee on Territories, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2504) to provide for the
apportionment of the members of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Colorado,
to report it back without amendment. This
bill differs a little from the other. There the
matter was referred to the Legislature, and
they never have performed the function con-
ferred upon them, and there has not been an
apportionment there in eight years ; so that it-
appears to the committee that one district in
which there are one hundred and eighty people
has as large a representation as another with
eleven thousand six hundred people. Their
Legislature meets biennially, and they ask that
this bill be passed for the purpose of enabling
tli era to district the Territory' properly.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to make It the duty
of the Governor, chief justice, and United
States attorney for the Territory of Colorado,
on or before the 1st day of June next, to make
an apportionment of the members of the coun-
cil and house of representatives of the Terri-
tory, among the several districts, for the elec-
tion of members of the council and house of
representatives, giving to each section of the
Territory representation in ratio of its popula-
tion, as near as maybe, as ascertained by the
census taken by authority of the United States
in the year 1870.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JOHN E. IIAGKRTY.
Mr. BLAIR. The Committee on Post.
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 503) for the
relief of John E. Hagertv, of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment. I ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee ef the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It directs the Post-
master General to readvertise for the trans-
portation of all mails in the city of St. Louis,
now under contract with John E. Hagerty, ami
release him from bis bond, if new service
under the advertisement can be secured at a
reasonable rate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
if that will subject the Government to any
expense?
Mr. BL'AIR. The joint resolution i3 recom-
mended by the Second Assistant Postmaster
General. It is to have the mails properly
carried across the river from East St. Louis
to St. Louis. There is no doubt about the
propriety of the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
J. L. THOMAS, JR., AND E. H. WEBSTER.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senate to take
up the joint resolution for the relief of Col-
lector Thomas, of Baltimore. 1 presume there
will be no objection made to it by anybody
in the Senate. It has passed the House of
Representatives and it is a very important
measure so far as Mr. Thomas is eoucerned.
I hope, therefore, the Senate will proceed to
its consideration.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that joint reso-
lution ought to be passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business being still pending, the Senator from
