1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1331
Oregon asks unanimous consent to take up the
joint resolution for the relief of the sureties of
tho present and former collector of customs
at Baltimore.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall make no objec-
tion, but on condition that I shall be allowed
to present a report from my committee.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I have been waiting
for, lo! these many days, making no objection
to any request by anybody; but now as Sena-
tors seem to be farming out the floor, I wish
to make it known that I shall object unless I
can be enabled to get one bill through. ' I
have not been able to get one through as yet
this session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
cannot make a conditional objection.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the Senate will
proceed to the consideration of this joint reso-
lution. It. will take no time, I am sure.
Hie VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the joint resolution is before
the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion fH. R. No. 498) for the relief of John L.
Thomas, jr., and Edwin H. Webster, the pres-
ent and former collector of customs at Balti-
more, late United States designated deposit-
aries.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and
report of commissioner of education".
Mr. ANTHONY. I now move, as the morn-
ing business is over, that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the report of the Com-
mittee on Printing in relation to printing the
report of the Commissioner of Education.
1 ho \ ICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is not yet concluded. Bills and joint
resolutions have not yet been called for.
Mr. ANTHONY. If Senators will allow me
to take up this resolution, I will then give
way for morning business. I believe that is
agreed to all around.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island asks consent to proceed to the
consideration of the resolution reported from
the Committee on Printing, for printing the
report of the Commissioner of Education,
stating that he will give way to morning busi-
ness after it should be taken up. Is there
objection? ("Yes."] The Chair understands
that objection is made.
ckuelty to animals on railroads.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senate to take
up House bill No. 2018, to prevent cruelty to
animals while in transit by railroad or other
means of transportation within the United
States. This is a bill agreed to by everybody,
tind there cannot be any objection to it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think that bill will lead
to considerable discussion.
Mr. CAMERON. I think not. I thinkthere
can be no objection to it. It is a bill agreed
to by the railroads and by Mr. Bergh, the head
of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no doubt that if
the railroads have agreed to it, that is pretty 1
nearly the end of the case ; but I think, for all |
that, the bill will lead to considerable discus- 1
sion in this body.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow
me, it is not a bill of the railroads. It is a
bill from the House of Representatives, pre-
sented there by Mr. Bergh, which has met the
hearty concurrence of all the humanitarians
of the country. They desire this bill; and as
to the railroads, I have only to say that there
is no objection to it on the part of any railroad
that I know anything about in the country.
If the Senator will hear the bill read, I am
nure ho will not object to it.
Mr.CONKLING. 1 beg the attention of the
Senator from California for one moment. I
know a good deal about this bill. We all know
a good deal about Mr. Bergh and the work he
is doing. This is a bill which he favors. He
would be glad to have something in addition
to this; but he assures me that this bill, as far
as it goes, is excellent, and he and those labor-
ing with him in the interest of putting a stop
to cruelty to animals promote this bill; and the
only opposition ever feared to it was an oppo-
sition from railway companies. Now, when
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania re-
ports it and gives it his support, I am sure the
Senator from California will not object to it if
he will take the trouble to look at it and see
what the object of the bill is and how it pro-
poses to effect that object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is still
subject to objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course no man will
avow himself unfriendly to any proper meas-
ure which conduces to increased humanity to
animals; but I have always observed that
there is an extreme danger that in the cause
of humanity other principles just as great may
be violated. That may not be the case with
this bill; but at the same time it i3 a bill that
I for one prefer to examine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objects to the present consideration
of the bill. The introduction of bills and joint
resolutions is now in order.
bills introduced.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1352)
concerning the terms of the United States cir-
cuit court for the eastern district of Arkansas,;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1353) to provide fc-r the appointment
of assistant treasurers of tho United States
at Chicago and Cincinnati; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
bed river and santa fb kailkoad. „
Mr. FLANAGAN. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to take up Senate bill No. 1287.
They did me the kindness to take it up a few
days since, and it was about half read per-
haps then, when it went over. I hope I may
be indulged in getting it up now. The Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad have had it tin-
der careful examination. They have reported
it favorably. It asks no subsidy either in land
or money, but simply the right of way of two
hundred feet through the Indian nation. The
parties in interest are very anxious for the
passage of the bill, and unless I get, it through
here now it will have no chance in the other
House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the title. The bill is of some length.
The Chief Clerk. "A bill (S. No. 1287)
to incorporate the Red River Valley, Okla-
homa, and Santa Fe Railroad Company."
Mr. VICKERS. There is objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent, as the morning business is not
concluded, and the Senator from Maryland
objects.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I hope he may have
something that will require a little attention.
[Laughter.]
j. and 0. ji. dailey.
'Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask unanimous
consent to take up Senate bill No. 1341. I
think there will be no objection to it.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
1311) for the relief of J. & C. M. Dailey was
read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides for the
payment to Messrs. J. and C. M. Dailey of
$1,250 in full for food furnished the Sioux
Indians in the year 18G2, upon the application
and request of Mahlon Wilkinson, an Indian
agent.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move to amend fey
striking out the name of "Mahlon Wilkin-
son" and inserting "ThomasJ. Galbraith,"
who was the agent for those Indians.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
personal explanations.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
which I offered on the 12th of July, 1870, relat-
ing to amendments to appropriation bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has not yet concluded. It rests at
bills and joint resolations, pending which the
Senator from Kansas asks unanimous consent
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of a resolution offered by him in regard to
amendments to and debate upon appropria-
tion bills.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to make a personal
statement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Wisconsin desires consent to make a personal
explanation. If there is no objection the
Senator will proceed.
Mr. HO WE. A copy of the New York Son
of the date of February 16, 1871, has just
been placed in my hands. It has an article
in it entitled "the Red river cotton ring."
The purpose of the article seems to be to call
public attention to the action of the Commit-
tee on Claims upon a bill or a petition which
was referred to the committee on behalf of
one R. M. Corwine, as attorney for certain
parties claiming to be the owners of some cot-
ton captured by Admiral Porter's fleet on the
Red river expedition, libeled in the district
court of the United States for the southern
district of Illinois, and sold. The point of
the article seems to be to hold the committee
up to public reprehension because, although
it says the committee have agreed to refund
jj certain moneys which are in the Treasury, or
! rather in the naval pension fund, they do not
|j propose to refund moneys which have been
■: distributed to the captors under the deeree of
: the district court. And the article concludes
with saying: "the members of the committee
who propose to aliow this outrage"—that is,
. to aliow the money which has been distributed
to the captors to remain in their hands—"the
i members of the committee who propose to
allow this outrage upon honesty are Howe of
; Wisconsin, Wiuxy of West Virginia, Scott
i. of Pennsylvania, Sprague of Rhode Island,
Pratt of Indiana, Kellogg of Louisiana,
and Davis of Kentucky."
Now, Mr. President, I think I am entitled
to say on behalf of the committee, first, that
the petitioner, as I understood the petition,
only asked to have moneys which are in the
Treasury returned to the custody of the dis-
trict court for the southern district of Illinois.
Certain cottons were captured by Admiral
Porter's fleet; they were libeled as prize of
war in the district court for the southern dis-
trict of Illinois, condemned to be sold, sold,
the proceeds paid into court, and the court
went on and made a decree directing the costs
to be paid and the balance to be paid into the
Treasury, one half to be distributed, 80 much
to Admiral Porter, so much to each of the
subordinates, so much to the mariners of the
fleet, and the rest to go to the naval pen-
sion fund. That distribution has been made
among the captors, with the exception of
about fifteen thousand dollars. The one half
which was supposed to belong to the United
States has gone to the naval pension fund.
After this had all been done we are told that
the district court came to the conclusion that
they had made a mistake ; that this property
