1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
community than a weak, ignorant, incapable,
or corrupt man in the judicial office.
Now, sir, I do not believe, notwithstanding
what has been said by the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Ela,] that the tax-payers of
this country are averse to placing upon the
supreme bench the best men that can be
obtained for the administration of the law.
But, in order to obtain the services of such
men, every one knows that they must be paid
a fair compensation. This is due to the office
as well as to the judge who fills it. But the
benefit in securing a wise judge is greater to
the poor man than to the rich.
Why, Mr. Chairman, the judge is the poor
man's counsel. Ifthe owner of a fishing-smack
on the coast of New England has his vessel
run down by a steamer belonging to a great
corporation, he cannot employ the leading
lawyers of New Hampshire or Massachusetts
or New York to prosecute his case. The rich
corporation, on the other hand, can command
the highest legal talent. And so a small stock-
holder in a great corporation whoso rights
are in danger of being crushed out by a com-
bination of the heavier interests may in a weak
court find his lawyers overborne and his cause
ruined by the more powerful advocates which
superior wealth may biing against him. The
soldier going to locate his land warrant upon
the public lands of the United States cannot
employ learned counsel to defend him against
the aggressions of the holders of the railroad
and other land grants made by Congress. The
poor inventor, developing his ideas in machin-
ery, cannot obtain the services of the most
skilled counsel to withstand the monopolist
whose interest it is to crush him. The tnan
of small means unjustly taxed cannot bear up
against, the array of legal talent which the Gov-
ernment always have in their employ. These
classes do not meet in the courts upon equal
terms. It is for the Congress of the United
States, the Representatives of the people, to
provide a tribunal which will protect these
various classes by administering exact justice
between them. We should provide the means
for placing upon the bench men of learning who
have had long experience in the courts, who can
see through the wiles and deceits and chicane of
the law, and give due weight to the arguments
of counsel, and defeat the encroaching avarice
of wealthy and unscrupulous clients. Wise,
learned, and experienced judges can shelter
the poor oppressed, because no counsel can
brow-beat them or influence them against the
right. It is in behalf, therefore, of the poor
tax-payer that I ask that this amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Arm-
strong] should be adopted, so that the leaders
of the bar, those who are the most learned in
the laws of the country, may be placed upon
its judgment-seats.
Mr. ELA. The argument of the gentleman
from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenokks] justamounts
to this : that he and others on this floor having
created monster corporations, they can only be
controlled by giving enormous salaries to those
who will keep these corporations in check.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Chairman, it seems to me
that we may derive some advantage from con-
sidering the experience of England in this
matter. In England the salaries of the judges
arc placed upon a scale which makes the office
command the best talent, of the bar. The
etiquette of the English bar requires that if
to a counselor in practice the offer of a judi-
cial office is made, when he declines the offer
he is bound forthwith to retire from the bar.
In other words, it is considered that when he
has the intellectual power and strength to sus-
tain the labors of judicial office he,owes that
duty to his country; and a salary correspond-
ing to that theory is accorded to him. And
what is the result? The result is that when
the ablest members of the bar enter within the
walls of an English court-room they go into
the presence of an intellectual superior. The
judge brings to the determination of the causes
before him a height of learning and a weight
of intellectual power which nothing at the bar
can match.
The contrary policy, which has prevailed in
too many of the American States, has brought
about that saddest 6f all spectacles, justice
administered by a feeble judge in the presence
of able and powerful advocates. Now, this
Supreme Court of ours is, in dignity and in
importance', in the estimation of our national
pride, immeasurably superior to any tribunal
of justice ever organized on the face of the
earth. To its bar are brought sovereign States,
as plaintiffs or as defendants, to have their
high controversies composed in the quiet of
the judicial chamber. As the tribunal of last
resort, it is bound to determine constitutional
questions, on which the political rights of this
people are to depend. And yet to day its
judges are accorded a salary not equal to the
ordinary income of a respectable attorney in
the rural districts in an interior State.
Mr. KELSEY. Mr. Chairman, at an ear-
lier stage in the discussion of this bill it was
proposed to increase the salaries of some of
the employes of the Government. The chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations at
that time very properly, in my opinion, insisted
that it was a question that should he regulated
in a bill brought in for that purpose, and that
we should not raise salaries in an appropria-
tion hill. It seems to me that the same objec-
tion lies with still greater force to the increase
of salaries proposed here. This is one of the
most important subjects that we shall be called
upon to deliberate about during this session.
If we increase the salaries of these judges, and I
am not prepared to say thai there should be
no increase, we shall open the flood-gates, and
I tell you we shall be overwhelmed. You will
be compelled to go into a general raisin? of
the salaries of all the employes of the Gov-
ernment,. There is a continual cry for such
increase; there is a continual pressure in that
direction here ; and I insist that this House
ought, if they are disposed to raise the salaries
of the judges of the Supreme Court, to do it,
in a separate bill, to consider it by itself and
disconnect it, with other matters.
I admit, sir, the importance of having the
very best lawyers in the country on the bench
of oar Supreme Court. 1 believe that the char-
acter of that court has never been impeached
before the American people. The men who
occupy these high places have always main-
tained a high charactei for learning and integ-
rity, and they do so t,o-d:iy. Their salaries are
now higher than or as high as they have ever
been under our Government, and vet it is pro-
posed in this appropriation bill, without hav-
ing the Subject considered by itself, as in my
judgment it ought to be, to raise the salary
of the Chief .Justice $4,000. It seems to me
that this is too much, and I think that the
salary ought not to be raised in this bill; at
all events, neither here nor now. There is
no great necessity for this increase of salaries.
As was truly remarked by the gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Ei.a.] almost every
branch of business in the country is depressed
and the people are not, realizing large profits.
They are not disposed to sanction the raising
of salaries, and I warn our Republican friends
that this is too heavy a load for us to carry.
Wc ought not to attempt it.
Having entered uiv protest against the gen-
eral raising of salaries and made these sugges-
tions, 1 have said all that I desire to say on
the subject.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, this is one of
the classes of cases in which 1 believe the sal-
aries ought to be raised. I thought I was pre-
pared to vote for the highest amount which any
gentleman should offer, as the salaries of the
judges of the Supreme Bench ; but on exam-
ination and reflection I am not sure that the
amendment to the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] ought not
to prevail, and for this reason: all the Cabinet
officers, to wit, the Secretaries of State, Trteag"
nry, War, and Navy, and the Attorney General-
and the Postmaster General, are paid $8,900
a year. We began by raising their salaries
many years ago ; and at the beginning of the
war they received about what the judges of" the
Supreme Court now receive; and wegradually
increased them, until they now receive $8,000
a year; each and all are equal. We have already
provided that judges who have served ten years
and attained the age of seventy years may
■retire upon pensions, which is of itself quite
an important advance on behalf of the judges,
Nd such provision has been made for any
other class of officers under the Government.
It occurs to me, therefore, that if we put their
salaries at $8,000 a year, we shall be putting
them on an equal footing with the highest polit-
ical officers of the Government,, and if we give
them more than that we shall have to raise the
salaries of other officers up to the same point
to which we have raised theirs. It may be that
being a member of the Committee on xVppro-
priations tends to make a man stingy, if not
mean, as we have so much watching and re-
sisting applications for increase of pay in every
form, from every quarter. I am afraid it does
in my case; hut yet I believe that I would be
willing to increase the salary of the Chief Jus-
tice to $10,000. But I am satisfied that if we
increase the salary of the other judges above
§8,000 we will have to increase the salaries of
many other officers of the Goverment up to the
same point. 1 think, therefore, an increase
of $2,000 a ypar to the associate justices, and
a salary of $10,000 a year to the Chief Justice,
is about, as high as we can afford to go, or dare
go, in the present condition of things, without
largely increasing the salaries of all the other
United States judges and of many of the other
officers of the Government of high standing. I
think that as we have given them a retiring
pension, if wo adopt the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] we shall
have done nil that we can safely do at present.
I think, however, that the Committee on
Appropriations did right in reporting these
salaries just as they are in this bill, in accord-
ance with existing law; as I regard it as a
bad precedent for the committee to advance
beyond existing law, whatever the House may
do. While 1 doubt if there is a member of
that committee who will oppose an increase of
the salaries of the justices of the Supreme
Court, I think it is well to throw the respons-
ibility upon this House, and let each member
of the Committee on Appropriations take upon
himself the responsibility of voting for such
increase as he may deem proper and neces-
sary. I think I shall myself vote to increase
their salaries to $8,000 a year, although I had
at first intended to vote for $10,000 a year.
Mr. BINGHAM. It must be apparent to
every one, from the remarks that have been
made on this subject on both sides of this
House, that a great majority of members who
have spoken are persuaded that there ought
to be some increase of the salaries of the judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States.
The only point of difference between them is
as to the amount of that increase.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Armstrong,] proposes to increase
the salary of the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court by the sum of §4,500, and of his associ-
ates by $4,000. The amendment offered by
the honorable gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Hai.e] proposes to increase the salary of each
by the sum of $2,000, making the salary of
the Chief Justice $8,500, and of each of his
associates $8,000.
I think the remarks ruade by the honorable
gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jexckes,]
and also by the honorable gentleman liom
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] ought to satisfy
the Committee of the Whole that this increase
of salary should be made. I think members
should ho impressed with the truthful words
of tiie gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
