1944
OOKGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
the Calendar shall be,resumed for House bills
subjeGt to a single objection. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that had better
lie over a little while.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Ohio objects.
tax on vinegar.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the
Committee oft Finance, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. K. No. 520) to amend
Miction four, act of July 20, 18G8, to report it
buck without amendment and ask for itspres-
cut consideration. It ought to be passed at
once. It will explain itself on being read.
By unanimous'consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Jt provides that section four of the act of July
20, 1808, in relation to fermented liquors be
so amended as not to apply to the making of
fermented liquids used for the manufacture
of vinegar exclusively; but nothing in said
resolution shall be construed to authorize the
distillation of such fermented liquids, except
iu an authorized distillery.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
leading, read the third time, and passed.
reissue of bank notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by the
same committee to report a bill to provide for
a reissue of national bank notes, and for other
purposes, and ask for its present considera-
tion.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 1374)
to provide for a reissue of national bank notes,
and for other purposes, was read three timesj
and passed. It provides that as soon as prac-
ticable, alter an appropriation shall have been
made by law for the purpose, the Comptroller
of the Currency, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, shall cause to be
engraved and prepared in the Treasury De-
partment, on such paper and of such form and
design as lie may prescribe, circulating notes
lor national banking associations, and shall
issue the same to national banking associations
in place of the worn and mutilated circulating
notes of those associations; and any additional
issue ot national bank notes that maybe made
in pursuance ol law shall be in the new notes
provided for, so soon as the same are ready
for issue. Under such rules as the Secretary
ot the Treasury may prescribe, the Treasurer
and Assistant Treasurers of the United SEates
and the officers of all national banking asso-
ciations, are to forward for redemption to the
original bank ot issue, or to its redeeming
agencies, all worn and mutilated national bank
notes, and the bank of issue or its redeeming
agency is to forward the same to the Comp-
troller of the Currency, who is to destroy the
same and issue new notes in lieu thereof, as now
provided by law. The officers of every national
banking association are to cause the word
"counterfeit'' to be plainly written, cut, or
stamped across the face of every counterfeit note
which may be offered to or come in posses-
sion of the association.
southern claims.
Mr. HOWE.^ I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (H. It. No. 2919) to provide a board of
commissioners for the examination of certain
claims, to report, it back without amendment
and ask that it be considered at the present
time.
Mr. CONKLING. I object to the considera-
tion of that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
CHARGES AGAINST SENATOR Sl'ItAGOK,
Mr. TflURMAN, from the select committee
appointed to investigate alleged traffic between
William Spragi'e and others and rebels in
Texas, to whom were referred the resolution
of Mr. Sprague of December 17, 1870, and
four communications from the Secretary of
War, with accompanying papers, in compli-
ance with saiil resolution, submitted a report
thereon, which was ordered to be jirinted, and
asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the subject; which was agreed to.
joiin w. massey.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to be good
enough to take .up House bill No. 2095, for the
relief of John W. Massey, which has been re-
ported by the Committee on Foreign Relations.
It is a matter of a few hundred dollars.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
2095) for the relief of John W. Massey was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to John W. Massey, late consul to
Paso del Norte, Mexico, $400, being the sum
expended by him in 1862 in the endeavor to
reach his post of duty.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
draw-bridge in the great kigolet.
Mr. SPENCER, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments to the bill (S. No.
878) to amend an act entitled "An act to estab-
lish and declare the railroad and bridges of
the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga
Railroad Company, as hereafter constructed, a
post road, and for other purposes," approved
March 2, 1868, reported that the committee
were unable to agree.
baltimore and potomac railroad.
Mr. HARRIS.. I wish to make a report.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to call up
the bill (II. R. No. 1605) to authorize the
President to accept the resignation of judges
of courts of the United States. It has passed
the House, and has been reported fiom the
Judiciary Committee with an amendment. I
will not press it now, but I give notice that I
will call it up after awhile.
Mr. HARRIS. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 8011) supple-
mentary to an act to authorize the extension,
construction, and use of a lateral branch of the
Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Company
into and within the District of Columbia,
approved February 5, 18157, to report it back
without amendment and ask that it be passed
now.
By unanimous consent, the bill-was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. Itauthor-
izes the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany to erect over their tracks on Virginia
avenue, between west Sixth street and west
Seventh street, in the city of Washington, a
passenger depot building, covering the follow-
ing-described area, to wit: commencing at the
intersection of the building line of south side
of south C street produced, and the building
line of east side of west Seventh street pro-
duced ; thence alonglast-mentioned line south-
ward to a point; thence by line parallel with
and forty feet distant northward from building
line of southerly side of Virginia avenue to a
point iu building line of west side of west Sixth
street produced ; thenceby last-mentioned line
northward to a point; thencc by line parallel
with and forty feet distant southward from
building line of northerly side of Virginia
avenue to a point; thence northward by line
►parallel with and eighty feet distant eastward
from the building line of east, side of west
Seventh street produced, to a point in building
line of south side of south C street produced ;
thence by last-mentioned line westward to the
place of beginning ; which shall be of the same
style of architecture as the depot of the Penn-
sylvania Railroad Company at the city of'Lan-
caster in the State of Pennsylvania; but the
assent of the municipal authorities of the city
of Washington or of the District of Columbia
is to be first obtained to the erection of the
ilepot.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered tb a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
.OOBAN TELEGRAPH CABLES.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask the Senate to be
good enough to take up a bill that was under
consideration the last day I think that I was in
the Senate, and the consideration of which
was then arrested by the expiration of the
morning hour, being House bill No. 2591, re-
lating to telegraphic communication between
the United States and foreign countries. On
that my friend, the Senator from, Nevada, [Mr.
Nye,] had an amendment pendihg. I should
like to have that amendment read and acted
on, and let the bill be voted on. 1 do not
think there is any disposition to discuss it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks unanimous consent that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
House bill in regard to a code for telegraphic
cables. Is there objection?
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2591) relating
to telegraphic communication between the Uni-
ted States and foreign countries, the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Nte,
which was to insert as an an additional section
the following:
Sec. 2. That no more than five dollars in gold shall
be charged or received for the transmission from
shore to shore of ten words over any cable estab-
lished under the provisions of this a£t.
Mr. NYE. I hope that amendment will be
adopted. At present we are quite at the mercy
of these cable companies, and none of them
are owned entirely by Americans. It is well
ascertained, Mr. President, that you can send
a message across the Atlantic much cheaper
than you can send a message the same dis-
tance upon land, and not as much as I pro-
pose to allow would be charged for the same
distance on land. In a letter written by Mr.
Field, who has had as much to do as any one
with these cables, when the rate of messages
was put down to $7 50 for ten words, he said
they would reduce it lower, and at the same
time the Senate will remember that they took
messages for the newspapers of equal length
for $3 50. This letter said the time would
soon come when these rates could be lowered.
In these active comtaercial days, when every-
body prefers to Use the telegraph, the lower
the rate for messages can be put at and secured
by law the better it is for the great mass of
the people who have to use them.
Mr. President, I am opposed to anything
like monopolies in these things. The Senate
will remember they started at $100 in gold for
ten words, claiming that the expense was so
much greater to transmit messages by ocean
telegraph than by land, while the fact is now
undisputed that with a battery about the size
of a lady's thimble a message can be sent
across the Atlantic ocean; and I was read-
ing the other day an article in the London
Times in which it is said that ten Words can
be brought across the cable for five shillings ;
that would be $1 25 of our money. I have
been liberal in my amendment. I propose
to limit whoever constructs telegraph cables
hereafter to five dollars for every ten words,
and I want to add an amendment there that
the direction shall not be counted a3 words in
the message.
There is no stock now extant that will pay
as well as that will pay with this limitation,
and I hope that Congress in granting these
great privileges will at least do so much to
secure to me and to you and to everybody a
communication across these cables within the
reach of our means. I hope that the amend-
ment will prevail. The result will be that it
will break down the monopoly that now exists,
