1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
members of Congress, who have to go back oil
the hustings every two years in order to secure
reelection. They are unlike Cabinet ollicers,
who are subject to the will of the Executive.
The judges of the Supreme Court have good
salaries, and they have privileges not accorded
to other officers of the Government; and I am,
therefore, not in favor of increasing their sala-
ries when there i3 not the least good reason for
doing so.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELA. I wish to got the floor to move
ail amendment to strike out ''eight" and
insert " seven."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I desire to call the attention of the House
to a few statistics which are worth while to
consider in considering this question. In the
first place, when upon the question of economy,
] desire to say that the salaries given by our
fathers in the foundation of the Government
were greater in proportion than those proposed
now. The salary of the Chief Justice originally,
ill 1789, was $4,000, while that of the Attor-
ney General was at the same time $1,500. The
Attorney Geneial now gets $8,000, while the
Chief Justice gets only $0,500. Then we had
three millions and a little more of people, and
now we have thirty-eight millions of people,
over whom this same magistrate presides.
You can easily compute the difference in the
percentage of increase. In 1799 the two rich-
est men in this country died; one was George
Washington, the great farmer; the other E.
ITaskpl, Derby, the great merchant; one worth
8050,000, and the other $900,000. They liad
the most considerable fortunes of that day,
while of the fortunes of to-day, there is one
man worth from one hundred and eighty to two
hundred million dollars, and others worth from
fifty to sixty million dollars. There are more
men to-day in the cily of New York actually
worth $1)000,000 than thirty years ago there
were worth §100,000. The scale of prices, the
rate of living, everything has advanced. But
the salaries of judges have been the very last
thing to advance.
When we are told that we are not econom-
ical, let me say to you that we are far less ex-
travagant in propoition than were the men who
founded our Constitution, in the matter of sal-
aries. Let me give a few illustrations of how
the prices of everything have advanced: why,
in 1789, a judge could purchase his beef for
live cents a pound, eg'gs for five cents a dozen,
and butter for eight cents a pound. He could
buy the best horse the country afforded for fifty
dollars. TTe could hire the best of help, men
who would be fit to run railroads now as super-
intendents, for $100 a year. He could have
women hired in his house for thirty-three
cents a week who were fit for any domestic
position.
And did lawyers then get high fees in pro-
portion to the salaries paid to the judges V
Why, there are to-day men practicing before
the Supreme Court who get as much in fees
in a single case as a judge gets as salary for a
whole year ! Now, let me show the difference
between now and forty years ago. I have seen
a receipt given some forty-odd years ago by
the ablest lawyer the country ever produced,
I say it without fear of contradiction, the
ablest lawyer we ever have had before a jury
or court, Jeremiah Mason, of New Hampshire ;
at all events, no man will deny that he was
one of the ablest men the bar of the United
States can boast of. And he, forsooth, in a
ease which occupied him two entire davs, sent
in his bill for twenty-five dollars! Employ
now the s.nne talent and the same standing at
the bar in any court for the same length of
time, and you would have to multiply that fee
twenty times at least.
With such facts as these before us let us
not be frightened at the idea of raising sala-
vies. Why, we collect three times more tax
on matches than will pay all the expenses of
the judiciary. And who feels it? I desire
that our judges shall have liberal salaries,
and shall vote for the larger salaries now pro-
posed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENTON. There is no member of
this House, I believe, who would be more
willing to see a fair and adequate compensa-
tion paid to the judges of the Supreme Court
of the United States than myself. I am in
favor of fixing such rates of salary as will
afford them a comfortable living, and a rea-
sonable compensation for the services they
render, the value and importance of-which
cannot be overstated. They have not been
overestimated in the most eloquent tributes
paid by gentlemen to-day to the bar and to
the bench.
But, sir, I protest against some of the argu-
ments which have been employed to influence
this House; the argument, for instance, that we
must follow the example which has been set by
the monarchists of Europe, those despotic Gov-
ernments which pay their sovereigns amounts
going into the millions, while we pay our chief
ruler but §25,000 a year. The gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] ever fertile in
resources in debate, alluded to the high fees
obtained by lawyers from millionaires in New
York, and elsewhere, and contrasted those of
a very modest, able, and distinguished law-
yer, Hon. Jeremiah Mason, of Boston, who re-
ceipted a bill for two days' services for twenty-
five dollars. But I never heard, Mr. Chair-
man, that that distinguished gentleman ever
suffered for want of any of the necessaries or
comforts of life, or stood any lower in the es-
timation of the bar of New England or of the
United SlaLes because he was satisfied with
moderate fees.
Now, do the judges of the Supreme Court, I
ask, seek the position they occupy for the pur-
pose of making money? Are they to be classed
with those men who trade on the hard earn-
ings of the laboring men ol tins country? No,
sir; they seek or assume the position, feeling
it a high honor and privilege to disseminate
| the precious lore and knowledge they have
acquired, and in return for the valuable ser-
vices they are rendering their countiv all
they ask is a fair and reasonable compensa-
tion and support fiom the people, as well as
an acknowledgment and appreciation of such
services. It is not riches and wealth they
seek. They assume those offices for honor-
able purposes; to gratify an honorable ambi-
tion for distinction and usefulness in their day
and generation ; and they should be provided
with fair and adequate means of support; and
by our recent legislation, unlike any other offi-
cers under the Government, they receive a
retiring pension sufficient to afford them sup-
port with all necessaries and comforts during
their lives. And I submit that neither large
incomes, large expenditures, nor a luxurious
style of living are desirable in a republican
Government, nor uo they tend to intellectual
development or the sum tola! of human hap-
piness or usefulness.
It may be well to raise the salaries of these
judges by a moderate sum, but I protest
against jumping them up, in the way here pro-
posed, nearly twofold the amount which they
now leeeive, and which would be wholly dis-
proportionate to the salaries of many other
Government officers whose expenses of living
are necessarily as large as those of the judges
of our highest court.
[Here the hammer fell.] " 1
Mr, McKENZlE. I desire to say one word
only. I understood the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] to say that attorneys
before the Supreme Court, sometimes get a
larger fee for a single case than the whole
annual salary of one of the judges. Now, I
suggest to the gentleman that he could not do
a better thing for the people of the United
i States and for the Administration than to per-
suade every member of the supreme bench to
resign, and have the bench filled up anew
by General Grant. [Laughter.]
Mr. AllMSTBONG. 1 desire to say that,
in deference to what appears to be the wish of
the House, I will accept the amendment of' the
gentleman fiom Maine, [Mr. Hale,] and I ask
for a vote upon it.
Mr. ELA. I move to amend the amendment
by inserting "seven" in place of "eight"
wherever it occurs, so as to make the salaries
of the Chief Justice and associate justices, re-
spectively, $7,500 and §7,000, and on that ques-
tion I desire to say one word. I do not know,
Mr. Chairman, but that the great enthusiasm
exhibited by many of the lawyers upon this
floor in behalf of an increase of these salaries
may grow out of a prospective hope that they
may some day occupy seats on the bench, for
which they are to receive additional pay. Per-
haps that may be the solution of the matter.
But I want to reply to one or two of the argu-
ments which have been advanced here in sup-
port of this proposition. One of the gentlemen
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] has under-
taken to say here that because in England
they pay their judges high salaries the judges
there are superior to the lawyers, and that
because we pay our judges small salaries the
lawyers here aie able to override the judges.
Now, sir, 1 stand hero to tell that gentleman
that the chief justice of New Hampshire, who
receives but S-,500, and the associate justices
^ii,000 a year, arc among the best lawyers in
the country. New Hampshire has furnished
Massachusetts with lawyers, in Mason, Bell,
and Butler, with legal ability and learning
enough to out. up and make h llf a dozen Mas-
sachusetts judges, [laughter ;] and when the
general comes up to practice his profession in
New Hampshire, as he sometimes does, he finds
plenty of men on the bench there big enough
to lake care of him. [Laughter.]
I want to say another tiling, and it is in an-
swer to a remark of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Potter,] and I am glad thatiteame
irom the Democratic side of the House. That
gentleman would have us economize at the
expense of the gallant soldiers who went forth
at the call of the President to save the Govern-
ment and sustain the flag of the country for thir-
teen dollars a month, while he would tax those
very men who are entitled by their services and
sactilices to its gratitude and favois, and de-
pi ive them of their richly earned bounties from
the Government to pour into the laps of the
men who hold hiirh offices at large salaries
these great sums scraped from the gallant sol-
diers and a tax-burdened people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DA WES, I now ask unanimous con-
sent that debate may close on this question.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. DAWES. I hope not.
Mr. ALLISON. Let us dispose of this ques-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. Yve are almost through the
bill, and [ hope wo shall finish it to-day.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist on my motion.
The question was put, and the committee
refused to rise.
The CJ1A1UMAN. The question now is
upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mi*. Armstrong,] as modified
by the acceptance of the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale,]
The amendment was read as follows:
For the Chief Justice. So, 500; nnd foreiffM associate
or retired uistiues. £3.000 each; in all, $72,500.
Mr. DAWKS. I hope that will be adopted.
Mr. ELA. I have moved to amend the
amendment by striking'out li eight'' wherever
it occurs and inserting '• seven.'' Is not the
question first on the amendment /
The CHAIRMAN, if that amendment were
offered it must first he voted on. .
