1334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3 7,
amendments proposing additional appropria-
tions. There is no restriction, for some
reason of which the Chair is not advised, in
the thirtieth rule, upon amendments proposing
new legislation. They are not even required
to be referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, but can be sprung at any time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the amendment I
offered yesterday 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
at any time, on the request of a Senator, sub-
mit the question to the Senate; and they may
decide their own practice.
Mr. POMEROY. I would like to take the
sense of the Senate, whether we shall put gen-
eral legislation on an appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
ready to submit the question at any time to the
Senate, as lie can submit, under the rules, all
points of order, so that the Senate may settle
their own practice. As the Senator from Ohio
lias correctly stated, amendments of all kinds
are now received by the usage of the Senate,
which has been of many years standing, to
appropriation bills. As they are debatable,
and as they cannot be laid on the table without
affecting the bill, there is no manner of getting
rid of them unless by allowing the debate to
be exhausted and taking the final vote upon
them.
Mr. POMEROY. I would like the sense of
the Senate now on the question, as we have not
yet been able to pass an appropriation bill, and
it is doubtful whether we can, because it seems
that the entire legislation of this body has got
to be put on these bills. I want the sense of
the Senate, whether we shall add to our appro-
priation bills, which ought to be purely appro-
priations and nothing else, this general legis-
lation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas desires this point to bJ submitted
to the Senate by the Chair. The Chair will
submit to the Senate the question whether the
Senate will receive and consider this amend-
ment.
Mr. SAWYER. Is that motion debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not mean it as
against this measure more than against other
measures ; I mean this class of measures.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
is debatable.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to suggest the cir-
cumstances undfir which this amendment is
offered. At the last session of Congress the
clause which I now seek to have repealed was
offered here in precisely the same way, with
the single exception that no notice was given,
I believe, of thatamendment beforehand ; that
it was sprung upon the Senate at a time when
there was no chance for a committee to con-
sider it. It was brought in here in the crudest
possible form, submitted to the inspection of
no committee of this body, but put on here by
a vote of the Senate, under the pressure of the
passage of an appropriation bill. This amend-
ment which I offer to day was submitted sev-
eral days ago, was printed, and was laid before
members of this body. Due notice has been
given of it; it is not sprung upon the Senate,
but it has been considered probably by every
Senator on this floor who has had his attention
called to the bills and the documents which lie
on his desk.
Now, I have no objection to a general prop-
osition that appropriation bills shall be limited
in their object simply to appropriations made
in pursuance of law; but I do claim that, under
the usage of the Senate, this amendment is
perfectly in order, and that to rule it out at
this time by a vote of the Senate in view of
the circumstances under which the clause
which is sought to be repealed was passed last
year would be an unfair proceeding. Mr.
President, I therefore entreat, the Senator from
Kansas at this moment to withdraw his prop-
osition, and alter we shall have prgcee4e4 will}
and finished this bill I am as ready to vole for
his proposition as anybody else; but the Sen-
ator probably will remember in his experience
that amendments which please a particular Sen-
ator on an appropriation bill are frequently
thought by him to be germane to the subject;
and if they do not please the particular Sen-
ator they are thought to be otherwise.
Mr. POMEROY. I have expressed no opin-
ion in regard to the measure ; I do not know
what it is. I only expressed an opinion in
regard to the general subject, that we can never
finish an appropriation bill if it has got to carry
all our legislation with it. I have not exam-
ined this particular proposition; I do not care
anything about it; but I object on principle.
If I had charge of. these appropriation bills
I would consider them interminable if they
must carry all the legislation of Congress. I
want the sense of the Senate upon it.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to make a
point of order, whether, while I have the floor,
it is proper to receive this question of order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly; the
point of order can be made at any time.
Mr. POMEROY. The point of order has
been made, and the Chair has submitted it to
the Senate.
Mr. SAWYER. That I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state that by the usages of the Senate the Sen-
ator from South Carolina is correct; that he
has the right to offer this or any other amend-
ment on an appropriation bill; but the Chair
submits the question to the Senate that they
may decide bv their own vote their practice.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to inquire if the
Senate is expected by its vote to construe
existing rules, or whether it is expected that
the Senate will establish a new rule in refer-
ence to appropriation bills?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rules are
silent upon this subject. It is only the usage
of the Senate, which the Chair is compelled
of course to enforce. It has grown up to be
a usage of the Senate. If the Senate decide
that that usage is in "sect, the Chair will
then rule afterward, tuuject to reversal by the
Senate if they change their minds, that gen-
eral legislation cannot be proposed to an
appropriation bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. So that if we vote against
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
South Carolina we change the usage of the
Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Such a vote will
change the usage of the Senate. By the usage
of the Senate the amendment is in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from Kansas whether he had not
better ask for a decision on this rule at the
commencement of the consideration of the
next appropriation bill. This bill is nearly
through with. We have already acted on vari-
ous amendments which have taken much time
to consider,.and if this rule was to be reversed
it would be a query whether it would not, at a
single blow, knock out of the bill several mat-
ters which have already been put in it. I
think he will get a much more favorable vote
if the point is made on the next bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I am going to try it on
the next bill and on every bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 do not wish to occupy
time, because I do not know but that if it is
put strictly and as a question of order I shall
be obliged to vote with my friend from South
Carolina ; but I should like to appeal to him
and to the Senate, if possible, to avoid this
debate on this bill of mere appropriations. It
is true that what he wishes now to repeal was
made part of an appropriation bill last year ;
but it was done, and it was not objected to as
a matter of order. My friend from South
Carolina resisted that legislation all in his
power upon what he thought was a meritorious
ground ; but after a thorough and exhaustive
debate, not sprung upon anybody, but with
all the facts at hand, the Senate by the yeas
and nays, by a very decided majority—I do
not remember the amount, but showing very
strongly its opinion—agreed to this legislation.
Now, then, we cannot repeal it without an-
other extended debate, from die nature of
things, and I submit to him as a member of
the Committee on Appropriations whether it
is wise to open this debate, which he sees has
two sides to it, at this time.
Mr. SAWYER. The usage of the Senate
is unquestionable upon a point of this kind.
I do not suppose there is a Senator sitting in
the Senate Chamber at this moment who would
deny that the usage of the Senate had been i i
the direction in which this proposition lie®;.
I submit that a wrong having been done in
this way, it is proper to do the right in this
way, and that if there is any bill upon which
this discussion is pertinent it is this bill at
this time. I do not agree with my friend from
Vermont, who says that after a deliberate con-
sideration by the Senate the proposition which
I now seek to repeal was adopted. It was
done in the dark hours of the night, when the
Senate was physically exhausted, and when
the Senate was by no means full, as it i-
to-day. I ask Senators to consider whether i:
is fair thus to stifle a proposition to right what
I conceive to be and what I believe the whole
country believes to be a great wrong.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I believe the Chair is
right in the decision of the point of order, that
is, that, by the usage and custom of the Senate
any Senator has a right, with or without nonC'\
to offer such an amendment, 1 withdraw The
point of order, although I think the rule ought
to be changed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio withdraws the point of order, and the
Senator from South Carolina will proceed with
his remarks upon the pending amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. I will now ask the Clerk
to read the clause sought to be repealed.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Provided, That no pardon or amnesty granted bv
the President, whether general or special, by pruu-
lamation or otherwise, nor any acceptance of su>-  
pardon or amnesty, nor oath tak.eu, or other lc.t
performed in pursuance or as a condition there
sliall be admissible in evidence on the part of anj
claimant in the Court of Claims as evidence m
port of any claim against the United States, 01 i<>
establish the standing of any claimant in said oouit,
or his right to bring or maintain suit therein; ne«
shall any such pardon, amnesty, acceptance, oatli.
or other act as aforesaid, heretofore offered or put
in evidence on behalf of any claimant in said court,
be used or considered bysaid court, or by the appel-
late court on appeal irotn said court, in deciding
upon theclaim ot said claimant, or any appeal thoi-o-
from, as any part of the proof to sustain the claim
of the claimant, or to entitle him to maiutain in-
action in said Court of Claims, on an appeal thci c -
from: but the proof of loyalty required bv t.i*
twelfth section of the act of March 3, IStM, entitlei
'An act to amend an act to establish a court for t.i«*
investigation of claims against the Uuired Stat>-\
approved February 2i,18od, and by the third seotio i
of the act entitled 'An act to provide for the col-
lection of abandoned property, and ior the preven-
tion of frauds in insurrectionary dinners witin i
the united States,' approved March 12. IS#*, ati i
by the third section oi the a<n entitled 'An net
provide for appeals from tho Court of Claun.", .ii, i
lor other purposes/ approved June _5. mi.ii!
be made by proof of the matters required by .-.lt i
sections respectively, irrespective oi the ell',ct vi
any executive proclamation, pardon, amnesty, or
other act oi condonation or oblivion. And in .ill
cases where judgment shall have been heri-tuf^r.,
rendered in the Court of Claims in lavur ot u««v
claimant on any other proot ot loyalty than saeh :>>
is above required and provided, aud which is nerebv
declared to have been and to be the true intent and
meaning of said respective acts, the Supreme Court
shall, on appeal, have 110 further jurisdiction of lite
cause, and shall dismiss the same for want of juris-
diction: And provided jui ther, Tnat whenever any
pardon shall have heretofore been granted by the
president ot the united States to any person bring-
S 1Cj 0 ^ourt of Claims for tho proceeds of
abandoned or capture i property under the said act
approved March 12,1SG3, and the acts amendatoiy
ot the same, and suc-h pardon shall recite, iri sub-
stance, that such person took part in the late reb^l-
iion ;-.g\nusc the Government of the United StaH's
or was guilty of any act oi rebellion again-1 or dis-
loyalty to the United States, and such pardon >ha!I
have been accepted in writing, by the pei>ou t.>
whom thesame issued, without an express di>clam>ei
ot and protestation agaiu-^. tueh fact of guutcon-
