1946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
sions was, in the eighth line, to strike out the
words " 22d day of January, 1863," and to
insert "passageof this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, aud passed.
MARIA PRATT.
Mi-. HOWELL. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (EL R. No. 1999) granting a pension to
Maria Pratt, to report it back without amend-
ment, and ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
' visions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Maria Pratt, mother of George W.
M. Pratt, late a private in company I, sixth
Iowa infantry.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
FANNY BELL DAKER, ETC.
Mr. IIOWELL. I am also directed by the
Committee on Pensions to report a bill (S.
No. 1375) granting a pension to Fanny Bell
Daker and Geoige N. Daker. minor children
of N. Cr. Daker.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read
three times, and passed. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to pay
to tho minor children of N. G. Daker, late a
private in company G, eighth regiment Vir-
ginia volunteer cavalry, a pension from and
after the passage of the act.
MKSSAGE FROM TUB II0USR.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House insisted on its disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (II.
li. No. 2509) to abolish the oflices of Admiral
and Vice Admiral in the Navy, asked for a
further conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. IIexhy II. Starkweather of Connecti-
cut, Mr. N. B. Jt-nD of Illinois, and Mr. P.
Van Trump of Ohio, managers on the part
of the House.
THOMAS B. VALENTINE.
Mr. YA1ES. I ask that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
2973, being simply a bill to refer a claim to the
decision of the circuit court of the United
States.
Mr. WILSON". That is not altogether the
nature of the bill.
1 he VICE PKESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois asks unanimous consent for the consid-
eration of the bill (H. II. No. 2973) for the
relief of Thomas B. Valentine.
Mr. HARLAN. Is that a California land
case?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Itis. The case hasheen
before Congress five or six years, reported on
favorably several times, and has been defeated
merely by lapse of time. It is a bill that has
passed the House this session, and I hope there
■will be no objection to its consideration at this
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa object?
Mr. HARLAN. I think I shall have to object
to this bill.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following re-
port; which was read :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (II. H. No. 2579)
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office department during- the year ending June 30,
1872, having met, after lull and free conference have
agreed to recommend, mid do recommcnd, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their second amend-
ment.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first, fourth, fifth, sixth, eighth, and ninth amend-
ments of tho Senate, and agree to tho same.
That thellouse recede from their disagreement to
the third amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment as follows: strike out "two
hundred and fifty" and insert " four hundredand
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede fron^heir disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendments: insert,
after the word "envelope," "as furnished by the
Government," and strike out all after the word
"writer:" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the tenth amendment ot the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: strikeout all
after the word "draft," in line four, and insert.in
lieu thereof the following: "payable to the order
of the Postmaster General, of somereliable banking
house, or banking institution, which check or draft
shall not be less than five per cent, on the amount
that they would receive in any one year under such
bid. In case any bidder, on being awarded any such
contract, shall fail to enter into good and sufficient
bonds to faithfully carry out such contract, such bid-
der or bidders shall forfeit the amount so deposited
to the United States for the use of the Post Otfice
Department; otherwise such draft or check so de-
posited shall be returned to the bidder to whom it
belongs;" and theSenate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eleventh amendment, and agree to the same
with the following amendment: strikeout all after
the word "that" where it first occurs, and insert:
It shall be unlawful tor the Newport andCincin-
natiBridgo Company, or any other company, orper-
hon, to proceed in the erection of the bridge now be-
ing constructed over the Ohio river from the city of
Cincinnati, Ohio, to the city of Newport, Kentucky,
and the approaches thereto, unless the said bridge
shall be so constructed that the channel span of four
hundred feet, as now located, shall have under said
span a clear headway, at low water, of one hundred
feet below any point of said channel span ; and in
such case no draw shall bo required in said bridge.
All the other spans of said bridge which cover the
Ohio river to low-water mark shall have a clear
headway of not less than seventy feet above low-
water mark, and the other spans of the said bridge
extending to each shore may be made of less eleva-
tion than seventy feet above low-water mark, to ac-
conimodate a regular grade for tho approaches to
said bridge. And when the foregoing requirements
shall have been complied with by the said Newport
and Cincinnati Bridge Cumpany, the location of said
bridge, its structures,a.nd approaches,shall thereupon
be deemed to be legalized and declared to be lawful
structures, and shall be recognized and known as a
post route. The plans for changes in such bridge
made necessary by this act shall be submitted by said
company to the Secretary of War for his approval;
and in the event of the bridge company making the
changes provided for in this act, it shall be lawful
for the said company,after they shall havemadethe
changes iu said bridge and the approaches thereto,
as herein provided, to file their bill in equity against
the United States in the circuit court of the United
States for the southern district of Ohio, and full juris-
diction is hereby conferred upon said court to de-
termine, first, whether the bridge, according to the
plans on which it has progressed at the passage of
this act, has been constructed so as substantially to
comply with the provisions of la vv relating thereto ;
and second, the liability of the United States, if any
there be, to the said company by reason of the
changes by this act required to be made; and if the
said court shall determine that the United States
is so liable, and that said bridge was so being built,
then the said courtshall further ascertain and determ-
ine thearnouut of the actual and necessary cost and
expenditures reasonably^ required to be incurred
in making tho changes in the said bridge and its
approaches, as hereby authorized or required, in
excess of the cost of building said bridge and ap-
proaches according to the plan proposed before the
changes required by this act to be made. And the
said court is hereby further authorized and required
to proceed therein to final decree, as in other cases
in equity. And it shall be lawful for either party to
the said suit to appeal from the final decree of the
said circuit court to the Supreme court of theUnited
States, as in other cases, and the Supreme Courtshall
thereupon proceed to hear and detennino the said
case, and inako a final decree therein; and there-
upon, if such decree shall be in favor of said com-
pany, the Secretary of the Treasury of tho United
States shall, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, pay to the said company
such sum of money as shall, by the said Supreme
Court, be so decreed tohepaidto thesaid company:
Provided, neve) theless. That no money shall be paid
by the Secretary of the Treasury to the said com-
pany until the Supreme Court of the United States,
upon appeal taken as aforesaid, shall render a final
decree in the case in favor of said compauy.
And the Senate agree to the same.
ALEXANDER RAMSEY,
JOHN SHERMAN,
Managers on the part oj the Senate.
F. C. BEAMAN,
J. P. KARNiS WORTH,
0. J. DICKEY,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The last clause is cer-
tainly a very gracious boon to the United
States, that, on the whole, after authorizing
this corporation to bring a suit, and inviting
them to bring a suit against us, and pointing
out the way in which they can succeed in it,
'after all, the Treasury need not pay anything
until we get beat I I think that is very kind,
indeed. Now, sir, I hope the Senate will dis-
agree to this-report of this conference commit-
tee. Iregaid it as an outrage upon justice
and common sense. Here we have, as was
stated by the Senator from Ohio the other day,
a statute which, in express terms, makes every
erection which is authorized at that place,
upon that river, or anywhere else upon that
river, subject to the paramount right of the
preservation of free and safe navigation. This
company, having got permission to build a
bridge of a particular kind, as they claim, and
being about to build it, and not, having built
it, find themselves met with the fact, which
now everybody seems to concede, that to build
the bridge on the plan they wish, and which
they say they are authorized to build upon,
would be an absolute barricade of navigation.
Thereupon, the Senate passed a bill which
provided that that error shall be corrected;
that that wrong, that outrage, as it has been
properly characterized, shall be prevented,
and also provided that this company should
not be authorized to make any claim against
the United States for correcting the miscon-
duct of which they had been guilty, although
they had a license from the United States, as
they claim, to do that thing.
Now, we find a committee of conference
providing for a grand lawsuit, in aid of this
corporation, against the United States, leaving
it to the Supreme Court to decide, as between
us and the Treasury, whether this corporation
shall take money out of the Treasury or not,
and leaving no power whatever to Congress
to determine in the future whether the claim
of this company is right or wrong, when 1 am
sure three fourths of the Senate at this moment
are'still satisfied, as I am, that there is .not a
particle of foundation for the claim against the
United States for compelling these people to
remove a nuisance; and that is all there is to ifc.
Why, sir, no State could carry on its govern-
ment, no Government could carry on its oper-
ations, which was to hold itself iu any degree
responsible, whether from the effects of its
legislation, its license, for whatever it might
be, for nuisances which private persons or cor-
porations might claim that the law had author-
ized them to erect to the common detriment
and injury of the people. There is no found-
ation tor it, and I will never consent for one
to agree to any report which shall wink at
the idea that the Government is to be made
responsible for the abatement of a nuisance,
although that nuisance, granting for the mo-
ment all that is alleged, which is far from the
truth, was erected under the authority of some
act of Congress, when at the same time the
provisions of the act of Congress clearly warned
all men, at all times and every moment, that
under whatever grant they were to build bridges
they were to build them always subject to the
paramount safety and security of the naviga-
tion of the river. So, sir, I hope this report
will be rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. This was a matter of a
good deal of difficulty, as Senators will perceive,
but I believe the result of this conference will
be to secure the United States as well as it can
possibly be under the existing circumstances.
All parties agree that the bridge if constructed
will be an obstruction to the Ohio river, and
that, sooner or later, and probably very soon,
it will have to be taken down and practically
destroyed. It was claimed on behalf of the
bridge company, first, that they had a right
to build the bridge as they were building it,
under the law ot Congress, and second, that
Congress had no right to exercise this power
and compel them to raise the bridge except
by giving them compensation.
Both these propositions were disputed on the
part of the Senate conferees ; and finally, after
