508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Mr. ELA. I have made that motion.
The question was put oil Mr. bla's amend-
ment. to the amendment-; and it was disagreed
to—ayes 40, noes 86.
The question recurred on Mr. Aihistiioxo's
amendment, as modified; and being put, there
were—ayes 80, noes 44.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ELA. I give notice that I shall call
for the yeas and nays on that amendment in
the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
For nine circuit judges to reside in circuit, $45,000.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I move to amend that
paragraph by striking out ''$45,000" and in-
serting " $54,000.'' That will increase the
salaries of these judges only $1,000.
Mr. STILES. i move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. DAWES. I hope not. Let us finish
the bill. We are not likely to have any fur-
ther debate.
The question was put on Mr. stii,e,s's mo-
tion ; and it was agreed to—ayes 74, noes 01.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker
having icsumed the chair, Mr. hcofiisld re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
liad uuder consideration the stale of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (II. It. No.
H524) making appiopi iations Cor I lie legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1872,
and had come to no resolution thereon,
UK AM STATOM OF LINCOLN.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the archi-
tect of the United States Capitol extension in
relation to the statue of the late President, Abra-
ham Lincoln, designed by Miss Vintiie lteani,
and now in the Rotunda of the Capitol ; which
was ordered to be printed, and reterivd to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. STILES, i move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly ,
(at three o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the j
House adjourned. !
l'K'm'icnNP.j'.Tc.
The following petitions,&c., wore presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARNELL: The petition of J. P.
Baird and 200 others, citizens of Maury county,
letmessee, asking aid for common schools at
the South.
By Mr. BA'iRl : The petition of James
W. Welsh, of Ne.shoba county, Mississippi,
for removal of political disnbilii'ies.
By Mr. J5KCK : The petition of Emily R.
Gaither, ol iMercer county, Kentucky, praving
for the payment ol her pension under certni-
eate No. 8-30.
Also, the petition of Sidney P. Cunningham,
of Murfrecsborough, Huthei foul county^ Ten-
nessoe, for relief troin hit, political disabilities.
I>v Mr. CESSNA; The memorial of Daniel
B. Zimmerman, lata of in ninety-third regi-
ment Pennsylvania volunteers, praying tor
relief.
Also, the petition ol Mrs. Margaret Merkiein,
of Chambcrsburg, Pennsylvania, praying for
relief.
Also, a petition Irom assistant marshals of
western Pennsylvania, praying for additional
compensation.
By Mr. BOX : A petition of sundry citizens
of Alabama, for a mail route from Auiora to
Village Springs, in the State of Alabama.
Also, a petition of sundry citizens of Ala-
bama for the establish ment of a pust route from
Blountsvilie to Hpringville.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Eliz-
abeth Nelson, of Wallace Cross-Roads, Ten-
nessee, praying Congress to grant arrears of
pension. - -
By Mr. McGREW: The petition of F. C.
Adams, for himself and the Harper's Ferry
Water Power and Manufacturing Company,
asking for an extension of the time of payment
of the purchase-money of the Harper's Ferry
armory property, and that the officers of the
Government take the necessary steps to defend
its title to said property.
By Mr. STEVENSON: A petition of bail-
iffs and others, of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying
increase of compensation of bailiffs of United
States courts.
By Mr. WELKEIt: The petition of Mrs.
Mary M. Yuingling, mother of William H.
Yuingling, formerly of company E, sixteenth
Ohio volunteer infantry, for arrears of pen-
sion.
Also, the petition of Eckels & Wallace,
flnodgrass & Son, and 10 others, business men
of Wooster, Ohio, asking that manufactured
tobacco be treated as general merchandise and
not subject to tax on sales.
IN senate.
Monday, January 16, 1871.
Praver by the Chaolain, Rev. J. P. new-
man', D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday
last was read and approved.
house BILLS MFEllItED.
•The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles and referred to the Committee ou Claims :
A bill (II. It. No. 2493) for the relief of
Henry A. Messenger, of Shelby county, Mis-
souri ;
A bill (H. It. No. 2506) for the relief of
Ilenry Willman, late a private in the third
regiment of Indiana cavalry ;
A bill (H. 11. No. 206(5) for the relief of
Henry Clay Williams, late a receiver of public
moneys at Eau Claire, Wisconsin; and
A bill (II. It. No. 2707) for the relief of
General John C. McQuiston and Jeremiah D.
Skeen, of Indiana.
'lhe bill (II. II. No. 1373) for the relief of
Rev. Benjamin F. Perky was lead twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
I he bill (1L It. No. 270C) for the relief
ot Charles Pomerov, late receiver of public
moneys at Fort Dodge, Iowa, was read twice
by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not, think that bill
should go to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. I1ARLAN. I think it had better lie on
the table lor tho present.
lhe \ iChj PRESIDENT, The Chair will
withdraw it if the Senator desires.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to look at it.
1 he viclj .PiiESIDENT. The bill will be
withdrawn for the present.
lincoln statce.
J ho \ ICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents a letter from the architect of the Capitol,
wh:eh, being brief, the Secretary will report in
1 he Chief Clerk read as follows:
Architect's Office,
uxited bxates capitol extexsiox,
washington. d. 0. january r 1871.
sir: llavin<? been instructed by the honorable
becrei ory o: ttie Interior to receive die statue of the
Jute 1 reMdent Lincoln, de-dcrned by Miss Vinnie
lve.im, which is now in the Rotunda of tho Capitol,
I n.tve the honor to sutzgesc that tho subject of its
unveiling and location berelerred to the appropriate
joint emu mute<\
Very respectfully, vour obedient porvant,
EDWARD CLARKE, Architect.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax.
Vice President of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings stud Grounds of the
Seriate is authorized to act jointly with the
Committee on Public Buildings of the House
of Representatives, and would also seem to be
the more appropriate committee, I move that
that communication be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. RICE presented a memorial of A. M.
Wilson, a Cherokee Indian, praying pay for
property taken by the Federal troops for the
use of the Army in the year 18G2 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FENTON presented a memorial of
Addison C. Fletcher, of New York, praying
compensation for the use by the Government
of his invention of a self-canceling tax-paid
whisky stamp ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. WILLEY presented the memorial of
Henry E. Janes, late a soldier in the third
Virginia volunteers, praying compensation for
certain services rendered to United States sol-
diers during the late war, and also for pay and
bounty stopped from him, by sentence of a
court-martial, for desertion ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitionsof
Charles Armsbaugh and William L. Barger,
of Botetourt county, Virginia, praying for the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee ou the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petition of
John F. F. Doherty, of Texas, and of William
F. Auston, ot Galveston, IVxas, praying the
removal of their political disabilities"; which
were referred to the select Committee 011 the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HOWELL presented the petition of F.
A. Liebschuiz, late a member of company K
ninth Kansas cavalry, praying an increase of
his pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Pensions.
_ Mr. CASSERLY. I present a memorial,
signed by several citizens* of the State of Cali-
fornia, in relation to the condition of the old
disabled soldiers of the war of 1812. The
memorial represents that the pensions hetvlo-
fore granted to them have become, by reason
of the great increase in all the necessaries of
life, wholly inadequate for the purpose for
which they were granted; and it urges earn-
estly upon Congress that this dwindling rem-
nant ot a brave band of men. who m their day
did great service to the country, should be
promptly placed, by legislation of Congress,
upon the same footing with the soldiers of the
last war. I move its reference to the Commit-
tee ou Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of
Emily S. French, widow of Lieutenant Joseph
H. French, late of the one hundredth New
York volunteer infantry, prajiug for an in-
crease of her pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of soldiers in
the late war for the suppression of the rebel-
lion, in favor of amending the existing home-
stead law so as to allow soldiers one year after
locating homesteads before being requued to
settle thereon; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of John
E. Roller, of Rockingham county. Virginia,
praying the removal ot his pvlitical disabili-
ties; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Horace L. Emery, praying that the Commis-
sioner ot Patents be authorized to consider
his application for an extension of his letters-
patent for his improvement in the endless
railway horse-power; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents.
He also presented resolutions of the Homeo-
pathic Medical Society, of Oneida county, New
J-ork, against the removal of Dr. Stiilnian
Spooner, a surgeon of the homeopathic f ro-
