1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1335
tained in such acceptance, such pardon and accept-
ance shall be taken and deemed in such suit in the
eaid Court of Claims, and on appeal therefrom, con-
clusive evidence that such person did take part in
and give aid and comfort to the late rebellion, and
did not maintain true allegiance or consistently
adhere to the United States; and on proof of such
pardon and acceptance, which proof may be heard
summarily on motion or otherwise, the jurisdiction
of the court in the case shall cease, and the court
shall forthwith dismiss the suit of such claimant."
Mr. SAWYER. My motion is to repeal the
clause just read and substitute the provision
offered.
The effect of the adoption of this amendment
will be to allow those who commenced suits in
the Court of Claims prior to August 20, 1868,
under the provisions of the third section of the
act of March 12, 1863, to plead in their own
behalf the pardon granted by the President of
the United States. It will in no way affect
those who claim under any other statute than
that of March 12, 1863, or under any pardon
granted by the President not in accordance with
the special act of Congress authorizing him to
grant such pardons. It does not say anything
about the proper legal effect of pardons issued
under any power granted to the President in
the Constitution. It merely aims to carry out
in good faith the terms and promises of the
proclamations issued under the special author-
ity of the act of July 17, 1862.
The thirteenth section of the act of July 17,
1862, provided as follows:
"The President is hereby authorized, at any time
hereafter, by proclamation, to extend to persons
who may have participated in the existing rebellion
in any State, or part thereof, pardon and amnesty,
■with such exceptions and at sueli time and. on such
conditions as he may deem expedient for the public
welfare."
In accordance with this provision of an act
of Congress, carefully drawn and deliberately
enacted, President Lincoln on the 8th Decem-
ber, 1863, issued a proclamation containing
the following language:
"I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United
States, do proclaim, declare, and make known to all
persons who have, directly or by implication, par-
ticipated in the existing rebellion, except as herein -
after excepted, that a full pardon is hereby granted
to them and eatth of them, with restoration of all
rights of property, except as to slaves, and in prop-
erty cases where rights of third parties shall have
intervened, and upon the condition that every such
person shall take and subscribe an oath, and thence-
forward keep and maintain said oath inviolate, and
which oath shall be registered for permanent preser-
vation, and shall be of the tenor and effect follow-
ing, to wit:
, "'I, , do solemnly swear, in presence of
Almighty God, that X will henceforth faithfully sup-
port, protect, and defend the Constitution of the
United States, and the Union of the States there-
under; and that I will, in like manner, abide by and
faithfully support all acts of Congresspassed during
the existingrebellion with reference to slaves, so long
and so far as not repealed, modified, or held void by
Congress, or by decision of the Supreme Court; and
that I will, in like manner, abide by and faithfully
support all proclamations of the President made
during the existing rebellion having reference to
slaves, so long and so far as not modified or declared
void by decision of the Supreme Court. So help me
God.'
"The persons excepted from the benefits of the
foregoing provisions are all who are or shall have
been civil or diplomatic officers or agents of the so-
called confederate government; all who have left
judicial stations under the United States to aid the
rebellion; all who are or shall have been military
or naval officers of said so-called confederate gov-
ernment above the rank of colonel in the army or of
lieutenant in the navy; all who left scats in the
United States Congress to aid the rebellion; all who
resigned commissions in the Army or Navy of the
United States, and afterward aided the rebellion;
and all who have engaged in any way in treating
colored persons, or white persons in charge of such,
otherwise than lawfully as prisoners of war. and
which persons may have been found in the United
States service as soldiers, seamen, or in any other
capacity."
A second proclamation was issued March 26,
1864, limiting the operation of the one issued
December 8, 1863, as follows:
"I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United
States of America, do hereby proclaim and declare
that the said proclamation does not apply to the
cases of persons who, at the time they seek to obtain
the benefits thereof by taking the oath thereby pre-
scribed, are in military, naval, or civil confinement
or custody, or under bonds, or on parole of the civil,
military, or naval authorities or agents of the Upi(e4
States, as prisoners of war or persons detained for
offenses of any kind, either before or after convic-
tion ; and that, on the contrary, it does apply only
to those persons who, being yet at large and free
from any arrest, confinement, or duress, shall vol-
untarily come forward and take the said oath with
the purpose of restoring peace and establishing the
national authority. Prisoners excluded from the
amnesty offered in the said proclamation may apply
to the President for clemency, like all other offend-
ers, and their application will receive due consider-
ation."
On the 29th May, 1865, the President issued
still another proclamation, in which the fol-
lowing language is used:
"I.Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, do proclaim and declare that I hereby grant
to all persons who have, directly or indirectly, par-
ticipated in the existing rebellion, except as herein-
after excepted, amnesty and pardon, with restoration
of all rights of property, except as to slaves, and
except in cases where legal proceedings under the
laws of the United States providing for the confisca-
tion of property of persons engaged in rebellion have
been instituted, but upon the conditions, neverthe-
less, that every such person shall take and subscribe
the following oath, (or affirmation,) and thencefor-
ward keep and maintain said oath inviolate, and
which oath shall be registered for permanent preser-
vation, and shall be of the tenor and effect following,
to wit:
" 'I, , do solemnly'swear, (or affirm,) in the
presence of Almighty God, that I will henceforth
support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the
United States, and the Union of the States there-
under; and that I will in like manner abide by and
faithfully support all laws and proclamations which
have been made during tho existing rebellion with
reference to the emancipation of slaves. So help me
God/"
Then follows a list of fourteen excepted
classes of persons, comprising probably almost
every individual whose participation in rebel-
lion would have marked him out for punish-
ment under the most absolute Governments
in any state of society.
I think these three proclamations were all
that were issued in pursuance of the thirteenth
section of the act of July 17, 1862, which was
repealed January 21, 1867. These proclama-
tions were issued in the interests of peace.
They were intended to open a door through
which those who had wandered from the paths
of loyalty could retrace their steps and be wel-
comed back into the great body of patriotic
citizens. They were issued, at least two of
them, at a time when the Congress and the
country were willing to make sacrifices to
almost any extent, short of a surrender of
the great principles involved in the contest, to
secure a return of our erring and strayed breth-
ren. They were deliberately issued. No haste
was made by the President to avail himself of
the authority of Congress given in the act of
July 17, 1862.
Nearly eighteen months had elapsed after
this act was passed before he acted upon the
suggestions of the Legislature in this regard.
It may be assumed that the terms of the
proclamation were well weighed, thought-
fully chosen, and considered in all their bear-
ings. President Lincoln had power to attach
such conditions to the pardon and amnesty
extended as he might deem expedient for the
public welfare. He was not a man who acted
without considering the full force of his acts.
He meant what he said. The country indorsed
and approved his act. There can be no doubt
of that.
But the proclamations are to be interpreted
by what they declare, and that is clear and
explicit. The pardon is granted " with restor-
ation of all rights of property, except as to
slaves and in property cases where rights of
third parties shall have intervened, and upon
condition that every such person" so par-
doned "shall take and subscribe an oath and
thenceforward keep and maintain said oath
inviolate."
There can be no doubt what is here prom-
ised. There can be no doubt that the faith of
the Government was distinctly pledged to
restore "all rights of property except as to
slaves, and in property cases where rights of
third parties had intervened," to every person
not in the excepted classes who did take the
oath required and maintain such oath invio-
late. So time was fixed during which the
opportunity was offered to take the oath, and
after which no such opportunity should exist.
In the nature of the case such a provision
would have been impracticable. It would have
been unreasonable to expect citizens residing
in insurrectionary districts to attempt to avail
themselves of this offered pardon until the
Federal power was at hand to protect them in
thus returning to their allegiance. When that
power would be so reestablished at any par-
ticular point as to render the taking and main-
taining of such oath practicable, was a question
no man could answer. The proclamation was
manifestly intended to hold out constantly the
offer of amnesty and pardon until a complete
suppression of the rebellion should have re-
stored the national power all over the land.
Otherwise,'why was the repeal of the thirteenth
section of the act of July 17, 1862, delayed
until January 21, 1867 ?
Under the pledges thus clearly given, the
faith of Congress and the Executive thus clearly
engaged, many of the citizens of insurrection-
ary districts came forward and took the pre-
scribed oath. Some of them are seeking in
the Court of Claims a restoration of property.
Shall the faith of the Government, deliberately
pledged to them, be preserved? Shall the com-
pact which was made with them at a time when
the destinies of the nation were in doubt and
uncertainty be repudiated in the days of its
glory and power? Can we, as a nation, to save
a few paltry dollars, afford to deny to the most
relentless and bitter of our late foes the fulfill-
ment of the agreement we made with him?
Admit, if you please, Mr. President, that the
act of July 17, 1862, placed in the hands of
the President power which should have been
withheld; admit, sir, if you please, that that
power was exereised in a way and to an extent
not contemplated by the Congress which con-
ferred it, is it not beneath the dignity of a great
nation, able to pay its debt at the rate of
$100,000,000 per year, to try and escape the
payment of less than three millions by so
unworthy a withdraiwal from engagements so
definitely made in the face and eyes of the
whole world?
You have made the compact; you stand
before the world committed to its fulfillment;
you cannot retire from it without dishonor.
It is too late to retract. It may have been an
unwise compact; it may have failed of the
objects you proposed in making it; it may be
disagreeable to see restored to men who were,
as you think, guilty of a great crime property
which they may have acquired during a period
when they were in the very act of committing
that crime; but you have solemnly promised
such restoration; your word is given; "it is
so nominated in the bond; " the record of the
bond is on your statute-books. The rights
of the other parties to the agreement have
accrued. You cannot, with a decent regard
for the opinions of mankind, stand by the
action of the last session. I will not believe
that after due consideration the Senate will
refuse to adopt this amendment.
I am not disposed to deny the power of
Congress to exclude from the Court of Claims
any class of claimants. It is by grace that
any suitor obtains his status in that court.
But, Mr. President, it is well understood that
the Court of Claims is in practice the oniy
tribunal before which the class of persons
injuriously affected by the clause now sought
to be repealed can come with hope of success.
Congress may grant the relief they seek. But
Congress is a body very ill adapted to adjudge
and decide cases of this kind, and these claim-
ants will grow gray at our doors, perhaps
molder in the earth, ere relief can come at
our hands. Shut them out of the Court of
Claims, and you practically repudiate your
pledges. Refine upon your rights and powers
against them as you may; make never so good
