1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1947
careful consideration, we concluded to allow
this company to bring a suit in equity in the
circuit court of the United States for the
southern district of Ohio, with a right to appeal
to the Supreme Court of the United States.
This amendment is very carefully framed with
a view to protect the United States. Be-
fore any decree can be rendered against the
ihe United States the court must find, first,
that this company have substantially complied
with the law, and secondly, it must find that
Congress has no right, under the law and under
the principles of our Government, to compel
them to raise the bridge except by giving them
compensation. Both these propositions, which
I dispute, must be decided in favor ofthebridge
company and against the United States before
the court is authorized to go one step toward
the liquidation of damages.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio will suspend. The morning hour has
expired, and the unfinished business is before
the Senate. Is there objection to its being
informally passed over?
Mr. SHERMAN. We had better dispose
of this matter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us do things-in the
regular way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects. The Cbair brings to the
notice of the Senate, as his duty as Presiding
Officer, the condition of the appropriation
bills 
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the pend-
ing order be postponed to dispose of this
report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves that the unfinished business be
postponed for the purpose of considering the
report of the conference committee.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the unfinished busi-
ness come up afterward ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not now decide that point.
Mr. THURMAN. By unanimous consent,
it was agreed to take up at this time the bill
referred to by the Chair. Now, if that unani-
mous consent would be broken by this, I
think we had better take that up and dispose
of it. I promise the Senate that I will not
occupy five minute'stime on that bill, although
1 have not said a word about it, but will then
consent that the vote shall be taken.
message FROM tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House further insisted on its disagree-
ment to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 2524) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June SO, 1872, agreed to the third conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Aaron A.
sitrgext of California, Mr. Burton C. Cook
of Illinois, and Mr. George W. Morgan of
Ohio, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
disagreed to the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 2995) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for the
fiscal years ending June 30, 1870, and June
SO, 1871, and for former years, and for other
purposes, asked a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. William Lawrence of Ohio,
Mr. William B. Allison of Iowa, and Mr.
S. J. Randall of Pennsylvania, managers at
the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 647) to
incorporate the Texas Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, and to aid iu the construction of its
road, and for other purposes.
deficiency bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 2995) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal years ending June 30,1870,
and June 30, 1871, and for former years, and
for other purposes, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives; and
On motion by Mr. COLE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to thesaid bit!, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Cole, Mr. Howe, and Mr. Vickers.
admiral and vice admiral.
The Senate proceeded to considerits amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 2509) to abolish
the offices of Admiral and Vice Admiral in the
Navy, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives ; and
On motion by Mr. NYE, it was
Resolved, That theSenatefurtherinsistupon their
amendments to the said bill, disagreed to by the
House of liepresentatives. and agree to the further
conference asked by the House on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
N l'e, Mr. Anthony, and Mr. Casserly.
ohio judicial districts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair will
state the condition of the business of the body.
The unfinished business is the sundry civil
appropriation bill pending at the adjournment
last night; but during the evening session the
Senate by unanimous consent agreed, without
displacing that appropriation bill from its pri-
ority, to take up at twelve o'clock to-day the
bill dividing the State of Ohio into three judi-
cial districts, the suggestion having been made
that probably not over twenty minutes would
be taken in its consideration. That bill is
now before the Senate, and is liable to be post-
poned. If it is postponed, the Chair thinks it
will require unanimous consent to reach it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope wc shall not
violate the unanimous understanding of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 2920) to divide the State of Ohio into three
judicial districts, and for other purposes, is
before the Senate, and the question is on its
Mr. THURMAN. I have not said one word
in reply to several speeches that have been
made, and it is not my purpose now to occupy
the time of the Senate with anything more
than a very brief statement of facts ; and to
that statement I beg that Senators will pay
attention.
There are now two judicial districts in the
State of Ohio. The court in the southern dis-
trict is held in the extreme southwestern part
of the State; the court in the northern dis-
trict is held in the northeastern part of the
State, so that the whole central part of the
State and the northwestern and southeastern
part of the State are put to great inconvenience
in attending upon these courts.
That is not all. Th<?re is now no court of
the Federal Government held at the capital
of the State. The supreme court of the State
meets at the capital. It is in session there
about five months in each year. During that
time the most eminent lawyers of the State
attend that court; and formerly, when the Fed-
eral court was there, they were enabled to
attend both courts at the same time. As it now
is, they are utterly deprived of that privilege.
Again, the Legislature meets at the seat of
government, and of course is in session during
about three months. Many of the members of
the Legislature are practicing lawyers. Owing
to the present arrangements of the courts it is
almost impossible for them to attend to their
duties as legislators, and also to attend to any
business in the Federal courts.
Then, again, if tho State be divided as this
bill proposes, the new district will contain no
less than nine hundred and thirty-three thou-
sand people; the northern district will contain
nine hundred and fifty-four thousand people
and the southern district seven hundred and
seventy-five thousand; so that each one of
these districts will contain a much larger pop-
ulation than many of the States of the Union
contain. I should think that every one must
see that, considering that each one of these
districts will contain a population equal to
that of many States in the Union, there is
nothing unreasonable in this proposition.
I have but one thing more to say ; and that
is this : Congress is memoralized by the Legis-
lature of Ohio to pass this bill. That memorial
passed the senate of Ohio by a vote of ayes 19,
noes 8, and it passed the house of representa-
tives by ayes 90, noes 4; so that by an almost
unanimous vote of the General Assembly of
the State of Ohio Congress is asked to pass
this bill. I hope without further debate it may
be put upon its passage and that the Senate
may adopt it.
Mr. YATES. I offer what I send to the
Chair as an amendment to the bill ; it is the
House bill " to divide the State of Illinois into
three judicial districts, and for other pur-
poses."
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought the bill had
gone beyond the reach of amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Yates]
that by unanimous consent of the Senate it was
agreed that the vote be taken on the passage
of this bill. It has passed the point at which
it can be amended. It can be amended on
the second reading, prior to the third reading ;
but it has been read the third time, and by
unanimous consent of the Senate last night a
vote was to be taken on the passage of the bill
as the Chair understood.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not understand the
agreement to be that. The only thing I agreed
to understandingly was that the bill should be
taken up at this time for consideration. It
was proposed that we should vote upon the
bill without debate, and I objected to that, and
said that I would agree only to its being taken
up for consideration. However, if Senators
understood it otherwise, I certainly shall not
interoose any objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The recollection
of the Chair is—and of course now the Globe
is not present to confirm his recollection—that
the Senator from Vermont objected to the vote
being taken without debate. He said he would
not consent to consider any other bill during
the session without debate. That was the only
limitation. The bill bad reached the question
of its passage, and the vote was about to be
taken on its passage, it having gone to a third
reading some time since.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then certainly the Chair
would be right in any event, because although
I did not know the fact, if I agreed that a bill
should be taken up for consideration which
had passed to the third reading of course it
was beyond amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the
condition of affairs.
Mr. Y\ATES. Can I not move these addi-
tional sections?
The VICE PRESIDENT It is not within
the power of the Senate to amend the bill at
this stage except by unanimous consent or by
a reconsideration of the third reading of the
bill.
Mr. YATES. I make the motion to recon-
sider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois moves that the vote of the Senate order*
intr this bill to be read a third time be recon
