510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Provided, That the owner or owners applying shall
deposit in the said court such reasonable sum of
money as may bo designated by the court to meet
the expenses of such survey and plat, and of the
publication hereinafter required.
Sec. 2. And be it further cn<>cted, That thedistiicl
court aforesaid shall designate a reasonable period
within which the survey and plat directed, a^ pro-
vided in the preceding section, shall be made and
returnod to tho court, and may cniorco thoexccution
of its order by any appropriate proccss. And it shall
bo the duty of the surveyor general, in person or by
deputy, to make suchsui vey and plat, and return tho
same into court within the time designated if prac-
ticable, or such further time as the court may allow;
and to enable him to do so he may appoint such
special deputies as ho may jud<?enccessaiy.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That when the
survey and plat shall have been made as hereinbe-
fore provided, and returned into court, the surveyor
general shall givenoticethatthessamelnsbeon dono
by a publication once a week, for six consecutive
weeks, in two newspapers published in the district
or Territory where the land is pituated, to be desig-
nated by tho court, and bv delivering- a copy of such
notice to the district attorney of the United States
of the district or Territory; and within that penod
tho owner or owners of the claim, the said district
attorney on beha.lt ot theUnitedStatos.andany party
claiming to have an interest in land adjoining such
claim with the boundaries of which tho suiveyie-
turned conflicts, may file with the clerk of the court
objections to tho survey, winch objections shall set
forth distinctly the errors alleged in tho survey; and
if filed by any party other th;in the United States
shall also setforth tho extent and nature ot the object-
or's interest, and shall bo venlied by the objector or
some ono cognizant of the matter of I'nct alleged in
his behalf. On the expiration of tho paid period ot
six weeks, and on proof ot due publication as herein-
before required 01 the notice aforesaid, and ol the
delivery of a copy of such notice to tho district attor-
ney of the United Stairs for ttie distt ict or Territory
at least (hit ry daj * previously, thecoui tshall appoint
a day for the considciaiiun of the survey and plat
returned and any objections file 11 hereto : i'/orirfed,
That where the land h situated in anv Territory ol
the United States it shall bo the duly ot the judge
by whoso order the survey has been made to give due
noticc of tho timo and place ior the hearing of the
application to tho other judges of tho supreme court
of said Tciritoiy, and. taid judges mm il meet at the
appointed time and place lot-Mich consideration. On
the hearing the court mav examine tliosurvcyorsren-
oral or deputy who made the survey, and any wit-
nesses produced m support oftho suivcy or of the
objection* filed thereto. 11 the ohb-eiions iilod be
overruled, and thesurvey and plal bo found convef,
the judge of daidcourt.or thopresidn.i? judge I hereof,
ii there be more tkm one judge, *l a!l indor. c hi.-- ap-
proval thereon; but it m the opinion ot the cou; t tao
survey bo enoncous in any pat ticuiur, the court may
order it to be coi reelcd m Mich particular, or if may
oidor a new sit; vey to he made.and upon tho return
of such eorrcUed or new durvey.madu m accordance
with its opinion, the like approval a-i aforesaid shall
be indorsed thereon. I'pou the indorsement of Mich
approval the couitshall direct the applicat ton ol the
moneys deposited, or so much there.>f as may be
necessary to the payment of the expense.; ofthoMii-
vey, plat, and publication, and tho remainder, if any,
shall be returned to the proper owner or owners.
Skc. 4. And be it Jurther enacted, That liom the
dccrccs of tho district couit or Mipiomo coui t of the
Territory approving or correcting the survevs as
provided in this act, an appeal shall be allowed
within ninety days after their entry on behalf of the
United States, or tho owner or owners of the claims
confirmed, or any party objecting to tho survcv ap-
proved, as hereinbefore provided, or aggrieved by
tlmdec.Mon o t th e coui t, to the ciicni I. co art o f the
United States for tho ciicuh embraang the district,
or if tho deciMou be i endored bv tup supremo coui t
of thoTonxrory, to the euou't court ot the United
States for tho adjoining circuit; and tho decision of
thecircuitcuurt sdi.ill be filial; I'tovided. Thatwhcre
a dccrec confirming a survey has been heretofore
entered by the diMrict couit, but has not become
final sit the date of the pau&a^o ol tins act, appeal
shall be allowed withm ninet> days after the parage
ot this act, but not afterward.
Sec. 5. be it Jurthcr cnucted, Thai tho auivcy
and plat of any claim, when finally approved as pro-
vided in tills act, shall be ionvaidcd 10 tho Commis-
sioner ot toe General Laud Oilice, and thereupon it
snail bo his duty to cause a patent to issue for the
Jancl to the owner or owncis tiiereoi'as soon sis prac-
ticable theioMtcr,
Skc. 0. Andb'i it furthn- That this net shall
apply to all confirmed claims to land by virtue of
any right or title derived fiom Spanish or ,\loxican
authorities not aire idy patented, or tiio fr'uvevof
which lias not already been finally approved by a
district or circuit couit of the United Stares, or the
Commissionc! of ti:e General Land Olhce, or bv the
expiration of tho time m which toiiieobjectionsPro-
vided, That when sui vcys ha\ e alre-jdv been made,
but not so approved, the >dme shall be returned to
the court, as herein provided for surveys ordcicd by
is aid court, withou' iurthcr survey.
SEC. 7. And be it fvrik'.r pm'-trd, That in ail ea^s
other than those excepted in the List section where
a claim to land by vu luc i.f aiu'iii or title derived
from the Spanish or Mexican on lioritie* has been
finally comirmod, and a suivc;- has not, been made
as heretofore piovmedioriu im-w.os, or proceedings
taken under this net to obtain -Men survey withiu
six months from the passage hereof, it shall bs the
4ttty of the court, upon the application of any settler
on the land claimed, or in the vicinity thereof, hav-
ing an interest in having such survey made, to order
the surveyor general of the United States for the
district or territory to make the survey thereof in
like manner as hereinbefore provided; and upon the
return of such survey the like proceedings shall be
had in all respects as hereinbefore provided; and
tho expenses of such survey and plat, and of the
publication required, when approved by the court,
shall constitute a lien on tho claim surveyed, and
shall have the effect and force of a judgment for the
amount so appiovcd in favor of the surveyor, and
may bo enforced by execution as in other cases of
judgment; and no patent shall issue for any claim
thus suiveyed until said expenses shall have been
paid.
Skc. 8. And be it further enacted. That all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with this act are hereby
repealed.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the substitute reported by the
committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate a3
\ amended.
Mr. HARLAN. Tbis is a bill of some im-
portance, and I think it ought to be explained
bet'ore it is passed. I should be glad if the
honorable Senator who called it up would state
to the Senate in what respect it changes the
existing law.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state to the Sen-
ator that this bill has been carefully examined
and considered by various persons who are
supposed to be advised in respect to its sub
ject-matter, including lawyers and judges, and
this bill is the result of considerable research
and labor. The object of the bill is to expe-
dite the survey of Spanish and Mexican land
claims, and it substantially restores the law as
it existed until within a very recent date. It
provides, in clfec', that the courts may order
surveys to be made, and that these surveys shall
be returned to the courts, that litigation, if ne-
cessaiy, may take place there, on proper notice,
and by witnesses to be examined, providing
that the boundaries of said land claims may be
determined by the courts, and then referred to
the Land Oflice tor action. Now, these ques-
tions are pending before the Commissioner of
the General Land Office. A very great num-
ber of claims are suspended there for the want
of necessary action on the part, of the Com-
missioner, not from any disinclination on his
parr, f presume, to consider the subject, but
because he has not the necessary time and
assistance to consider these claims, many of
which arc litigated, with a great number of
witnesses, and upon a variety of legal points.
Sometimes it becomes more important or quite
as important to settle the question of bound-
ary as to settle the question of title to a claim,
and sometimes it requires as much legal acu-
men and judgment to determine as to the
boundaries of these claims as to determine
any other question that may arise in reference
to them.
Mr. StEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Oregon whether the Land
Oilice now has any machinery for bringing wit-
nesses here, so as to decide these disputed
cases, except in an ex parte way?
Mi\ WILLIAMS. No means are provided
tor litigating these questions in the proper way
before the Land Office. Many of these claims
are now lying in the office of the surveyor gen-
eral of California, and in the offices of other
surveyors general having jurisdiction; and
it is impossible for those officers to take up
and consider these claims. There are thou-
sands and tens of thousands of acres of valu-
able land in California and the Territories the
title to which is yet unsettled, where a decree
has been rendered years ago, confirming such
title ; and it, is impossible tor the parties own-
ing the land to obtain patents or to settle con-
troversies about their land, because there is no
way of determining where its boundaries arc.
This bill provides that proceedings may be
instituted in the courts where the titles have
been examined and confirmed, for the purpose
of ascertaining these boundaries and haviri"
the questions about them settled on the test?
mony of witnesses and according to law, so
that a man need not be delayed for years and
years upon a question of that kind, as he now
is, by the inability, or perhaps the incapacity,
of the land department to consider and adjust
these questions.
That is the purpose of the bill. It is very
carefully drawn, so as to guard the interests of
all persons. Ample notice is to be given and
every opportunity to be afforded to any person
who maybe interested to litigate the question,
so that the truth may be ascertained by the
courts, as it is ascertained in reference to title
or any other question.
I think that there is no bill before Congress
at this time which is of more consequence to
all that portion of the United States where
these land claims exist than the present bill.
There is a universal demand for it where these
Mexican grants are found. In view of that,
this bill has been very carefully prepared, and
has passed the revision of very eminent men
in the law; and I have taken advantage of then-
suggestions in considering the subject, and have
prepared the bill with all the light and inform-
ation I could obtain, so as to facilitate the set-
tlement of these questions and do justice to
all parties concerned.
Mr. HARLAN. I would inquire whether
the department has been consulted in refer-
ence to it, with a view of ascertaining whether
if, can be enforced without conflicting with the
general system of surveys?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that the
Commissioner of the General Land Office is
not particularly in favor of this legislation ; not
because it is thought impracticable; but ho
seems disinclined to give up any part of his
jurisdiction over these questions. But I do not
think that bis opinion upon this subject is bet-
ter than the opinion of many other men, who
kno.v just as much about "the subject as he
does; and the persons who are interested—
who have been applying there, year after year,
to have these questions settled', and have made
do progress—are very anxious to have the bill
passed. It amounts to taking these questions,
to a considerable extent, from the jurisdiction
of the land department and giving them to
the courts of the country, where they can be
examined, where parties may bring their wit-
nesses and have all legal questions adjudicakd
in a satisfactory way.
Now a great, question arising about a land
claim, involving, it may be, thousands of acres
of land of great value, is referred in the Com-
missioner's oflice to some clerk, who goes 011
and examines the subject with the best lights
that he may have. lie in a)' or may not be a
lawyer. He has no means at all of bringing
witnesses before him upon the question, and
with ex parte information—-persons running to
him, one man interested one way and another
man interested another, trying to influence his
mind one way or the other—-he passes upon
these difficult questions. In that way, while
the clerk or person making the adjudication
may be entirely honest, they are often settled
contrary to law and contrary to justice, because
he has not had the necessary opportunity to
ascertain the facts, and he may not have the
necessary information to decide correctly as
to the law.
But this bill proposes to allow parties who
are interested in these questions to put them,
in such a shape that they can be adjudicated at
an early day. Certainly it is obvious to every
man that the courts are more competent to
adjudicate questions of this nature than the
Commissioner of the General Land Office,
before whom the proceedings are si,I together
ex parte, and where they are not conducted
with the same care and solicitude for tho rights
of allcoticerned as they are in courts of justice.
I do not understand that the Commissioner
approves particularly of this bill; but I do not
know that he makes any particular objections
to it. I think, though, from information I
, that he is not altogether in fa/vor of it,
