1950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March o,
Mr, CASSERLY. I will not yield to my
colleague for the purpose of calling the regular
order until I surrender the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California [Mr. CasseklyJ was recog-
nized as entitled to the floor; but his colleague
asked him to yield that he might move a post-
ponement, so as to call up the appropriation
bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suppose I should ex-
plain this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. CASSERLY. This amendment is sub-
stantially the bill of the Judiciary Committee
for a second district in the State of California.
There are two amendments made in it which
are not material. One is omitting one county
from the district, and the other is putting the
judge on the same looting as to salary with the
judge of ihe Nevada district. His salary is
$3,500. The salary of this judge is the same.
The State of California is seven hundred
miles long. The present district court is in
the city of San Francisco, at a distance of
nearly four hundred miles from the most pop
ulous and important portion of southern Cali-
fornia. The mere distance and difficulty of
access amounts to a denial of justice in a large
number of cases. I put the necessity of this
measure distinctly on that ground, that in a
State seven hundred miles long from north to
south there is but one district court, and that
district court so far removed from a great num-
ber of the people in the southern part of the
State as to bring about a practical denial of
justice in a large class of cases.
Senators, I think, have no idea of the great
expenses of travel in that State, or of the great
value of time. The result is that in a large
number of cases, considering the expense of
reaching the court in San Francisco, and in
addition to that the proverbial uncertainty of
the law, people give up their just claims rather
than prosecute them. I do trust my colleague
will not call for the regular order so as to cut
off this amendment. It is, in my judgment,
without intending to reflect upon any other
project for a district court, the most merito-
rious of them all, because it is an actual judicial
a-nd political necessity.
Mr. COLE. I concur in all that my colleague
has said as to the necessity and propriety of
establishing a district court in the southern
district of California. My proposition was that
it would not be worth while to move that
amendment on this bill for the reason stated
by the Senator from Ohio, that now, since so
many additions have been made to the bill, he
would himself vote against it. If there can be
a vote taken upon it, 1 have no objection at all,
and would be glad indeed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have said all I have to
say. I do not propose to debate it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, which will be reported by the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to add as additional sections the following:
Sec. —. That the counties of San Luis Obispo and
Kern, in the State of California, together with all
that part of tho State lying south of said counties,
shall hereafter constitute :i separate judicial district
of the United States, to be styled the southern dis-
trict of California. The present judicial district of
California shall comprise all of the State of Califor-
nia not embraced in the southern judicial district,
hereby created, and shall hereafter be styled the
northern district of California.
Sec. —. Tha.tfort.hesaiilsouthern judicial district,
hereby created, a district judge shall be appointed,
v/ho shall reside in said district, and shall possess
fhe snine powers andperlorm the same duties within
taid district as are now possessed and performed bv
fbo district judgo of the district of California, and
shall receive the same compensation.
Sec.— • That the distiiotcmrt, ot the United States
shall be held in the district hereby created as fol-
lows: on the first Monday of January, May, and
September of each y ear, at the eiry of Los Angeles ;
and the said several terms may bo continued so Ions
as in the judgment of said couit the public interest
icay require. The said distiict coiut .--hall have the
game power and jurisdiction possessed by the other
district courts of the United States in the ninth cir-
cuit, and be governed by the same laws and regula-
tions. The judge and such officers shall be appointed
for said district court, a.rid in the same manner, and
with the same fees and compensation, as provided
by law for the districtof Nevada, in the samecircuit.
Sec.-—. That either of the said district judges of
the districts of California may hold a districtcourt in
the districtof tho other judge, upon the request of
the latter.
Sec. —. That this act shall take effect on the 1st
day of May next: Piovidecl, That all oases then
pending in the district court at San Francisco, in
which the defendant or defendants resided within
the limits of the southern district hereby created, at
the time of serving process, may, on the application
of either party, be transferred for trial to the said
southern district court, and be proceeded in, heard,
adjudged, and determined in the same manner as
though originally commenced in said court; and it
shall be the duty of the clerk of tho northern district
court at San Francisco safely to transmit to the clerk
of the southern district court, at Los Angeles, the
original papers in all cases hereby ordered to be
transferred, together with a certified transcript of
all orders and other pioeeedings had therein in said
court: And provided further. That no suit or action
for the recovery of real estate shall be so transferred
unless the real estate is situated in said southern
district. .
Sec.—. That all suits hereafter to be brought in
either of said courts,not of a local nature, shall be
brought in the couit of tho district wheiein tho
defendant resides; but if there be more than one
defendant and they reside in different districts, or
if the action affect the title to real estato a part of
which lies m one district and apart in the other, tho
plaintiff may sue in either, and in such case the writ
may be served in either district, and the court out
of which such writ issued shall have jurisdiction of
the parties and thesubject-matterof the action from
the time of the service of the same.
Sue. —. That the district attorney of the northern
district of California shall be entitled to charge and
receive the same rates of compensation for his ser-
vices as is allowed by law to other United States
district attorneys in the ninth circuit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
California, [Mr. Casserly,]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A few years
ago it only cost $1,000,000 to support the
judicial department of the Government. It
seems to me that we are enlarging it very
rapidly, and it will soon cost as much as the
Navy or War Department. I have an amend-
ment, which I think is germane to this bill; it
merely extends an existing provision of the
Constitution a little further, and if it should be
adopted, as I think it ought to be, peihaps it
may obviate the passage even of the bill itself.
I piopose to add the following proviso:
Provided, That no member of the present Congress
shall be eligible to any appointment under this act.
["Right! "]
Mr. SHERMAN. All I can say is, that
that is utterly nugatory. We cannot change
the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. By the Constitution
members are ineligible only during the term
for which they were appointed. They are
eligible immediately afterward.
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot create ineligi-
bilities to office.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays. If Senators intend to kill this bill they
had better do it directly.
The, yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. I would most cheerfully
vote for the amendment if I believed that we
had the power to restrict the President beyond
the restriction imposed by the Constitution of
the United States. The Constitution provides
that no member of Congress shall, during the
time for which he was elected, be appointed to
any civil office which shall have been created
or the emoluments of which shall have been
increased during his term of office. He may
be appointed after his term of office as a mem-
ber of Congress has expired ; but during his
term of office as member of Congress he cannot
be appointed to any office created during that
Congress or the emoluments of which have been
increased during that time. That is tho pro-
vision of the Constitution. For one I do not
believe that we have any power to restrict the
President's discretion in making appointments
beyond that limit in regard to these offices.
I know there are some Senators who enter-
tain a different opinion and who think we may
restrict him as much as we please where the
office is created by law ; in my judgment, the
judiciary being provided for by the Constitu-
tion itself, is not a mere office created by law
of which the Constitution takes no notice what-
soever. If the position of those Senators who
think that we can put limitations upon the
power of the President in regard to offices
not particularly provided in the Constitution
were true, still in regard to the judiciary I do
not believe we can put any such limitation on
his power; and that being the case I cannot
concur in the amendment. Nor could I con-
cur in it if we had the power, for it extends to
all time. I know of no reason why ten, or
fifteen, or twenty years from now a member
of this Congress might not be very properly
appointed one of the judges of these courts.
But, as I understand, this will be the law, the
permanent law, and if the proviso be adopted
it will be a permanent provision, and so for all
time to come ; and twenty years from now any
one who happened to be a member of this Con-
gress cannot be appointed. I cannot vote for
such a proviso.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is the
common proviso every day, where we create
an office, to provide for the qualifications of
the appointee. In relation to the other point
suggested by the Senator from Ohio, this pro-
vision merely applies to this act.
Mr. BAYARD. I am disposed to concur
in the view expressed by the Senator from Ohio
upon this subject. At the same time I regret
in the present instance that there could not
have been in some way a distinct expression
of the opinion of the Senate in regard to some
matters that have attended this attempted crea-
tion of new district judges. I am given to
understand that members of the other House
of Congress have been upon the floor of the
Senate since these bills were under discussion
most busily occupying themselves in urging
their passage, to the obstruction of other busi-
ness before the body; and therefore I should
have been glad if there could be an expression
of opinion, at least by this body, to signify
that the man who seeks to attain the high
position of a judge should at least carry with
him personal dignity and that the office should
seek the man and not the man seek the office.
I am aware that we have had before this
body another matter connected with the judi-
ciary ; it is no secret; it has been expressed
by the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations when called upon to divulge why it
was that certain measures approved by the
Senate had failed to meet the concurrence of
the House of Representatives. When inquired
why the judicial salaries, whose low grade is an
admitted evil in the public estimation, could
not be raised, the fact was stated that it was
this class of bills proposing to create a new
system of judicial officers for life through the
country that were standing in the way of the
meritorious gentlemen who now occupy those
places receiving a just meed for their labors.
So much for that subject.
Now, as to the constitutional question, which
is one of great gravity, I say I atn disposed to
concur with my honorable friend from Ohio.
In the sixth section of the first article of the
Constitution a provision is found declaring
that—
"No Senator or Representative shall, during the
time for which he was elected, be appointed to any
civil office under tile authority of the United States,
which sjiallhavo been created, or the emoluments
wheieof shall have been meieased during such
time." '
There is the expression of one thing, which
by the general rule of construction is the
exclusion of other things. If it was intended
that a man should be excluded forever from
