514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
ther question was presented whether or not
the jurisdiction of the United States over that
territory was so exclusive that the inmates
therein could not be citizens of the State
of Ohio; and if that were answered in the
affirmative, it necessarily resulted that this
second proviso entitling them to vote must fall,
because, by the constitution of the State of
Ohio, no person but a citizen can vote.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him to ask him a question ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Do I understand him
to claim or to state that after that proviso,
which was appended to the acceptance of that
act by the Legislature of Ohio, the inmates
of the asylum are subject to arrest on civil
process; or does that refer to citizens?
Mr. THURMAN. I have made a note of
that point, and shall refer to it and give the
authorities on that question. I see that my
friend from Wisconsin, in the extent of his
law reading, has considered this question, and
I am glad of it.
Mr. CARPENTER. I did not put the ques-
tion as any reply to any inference or argu-
ment of the Senator, but simply to ascertain
the fact.
Mr. THURMAN. I shall show how that
matter stands presently. The first question,
then, is this: is land purchased for an asylum
under this act of 18G6, the legal title to which
is conveyed to the corporation, land that comes
within the meaning of the seventeenth para-
graph of the eighth section of the first article
of the Constitution of the United States,
which reads in these words:
"The Congress shall have power—^:
"To exercise exclusive legislation in all cases
whatsoever over such district (not exceeding ten
miles square) as may by cession of particular States
and the acceptance of Congress become the seat of
the Government of the United States, and to exercise
tike authority over all places purchased by the eon-
sent of the Legislature of the State in which the
same shall be, tor the erection of forts, tnagnzineq,
arsenals, dock-yards, and other needful buildings."
The supreme court of Ohio said that these
lands do ccme within this last sentence, " and
other needful buildings and who in the world
can doubt upon that question 1 Is not a hos-
pital for disabled soldiers and seamen as need-
ful a building as the Government can have?
Are not those great charities the pride of
almost every country? Is not Greenwich
Hospital in England the pride of England,
and the Hotel of the Invalids in France the
pride of France? Is it not just as necessary
that we should have a hospital of invalids as
it is that France should have one, or that
England should have her hospital at Green-
wich? That is a needful thing for the coun-
try; and therefore there can be no question, I
take it, that this comes within this clause of
the Constitution.
But now there is a point that has been made,
and to that I beg the attention of my colleague
and of the Senator from Wisconsin. I do not
think that anybody has ever denied that the
United States might not just as well acquire
land for a hospital for disabled soldiers or sea-
men as for ati arsenal. The only point that
has been made is, that the land in this case is
not ceded directly to the United States, i ut is
ceded to a corporation created by the United
States. In respect to that I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to the language of this
section of the Constitution which I have read.
In speaking of the land which is to be ceded
ior a seat of Government it speaks of land
ceded to the United States, for the very plain
and obvious reason that it never was intended
that the title to the land upon which the seat
of Government was located should be in any
other grantee than the United States ; but in
regard to land purchased by consent of the
Legislature of a State for the erection of forts,
magazines, arsenals, and other needful build-
ings, there is not one word which requires that
that cession shall be directly to the United
States. The land that is to be the seat of
Government, it is provided, shall be ceded
directly to the United States, but the phrase-
ology is changed in respect to the rest, and
the language is "over all places purchased by
the consent of the Legislature of the State in
which the same shall be, for the erection of
forts, magazines, arsenals," &c.
Can there, then, be any doubt about that?
This land was purchased for a needful building,
to wit,, a hospital. It was purchased under the
authority ancl with the money of the United
States. It was purchased with the consent of
the State, for the State ratified the purchase.
Can it make any difference that the title was
convsyed to a corporation? "What was that
corporation? My colleague has said that it
was just like a banking corporation. It has
no more similitude to a banking corporation
than it has to a church. A banking corpora-
tion is a private corporation; a corporation
for gain; a monetary corporation; but this is
an eleemosynary corporation ; a public corpor-
ation, not a private corporation; a mere in-
strumentality of the Government, just as much
as one of the Departments is an instrumental-
ity of the Government. It has not one single
feature of a private corporation; it has not one
single feature of a monetary corporation. It
is to all intents and purposes as much a public
corporation as is a county or a city a muni-
cipal corporation. It is the subject of public
law, liable by the very terms of the act to be
abolished at any moment, its charter to be
altered, repealed, or rescinded at any moment.
That is the nature of this corporation—a mere
public charity endowed with funds which be-
long to the United States, which it had the right
to stop out of the pay of the officers and men,
or fines which it imposed: all moneys of the
United States. This public corporation, then,
being the mere creature of the Government, it
is impossible to say that the provision of the
Constitution which gives us exclusive jurisdic-
tion over that territory can be evaded by the
land being conveyed to this corporation.
Suppose that instead of its being a hospital
it were a fort, and for any reason whatsoever
Congress had seen fit to let the legal title of
that fort go to the General of the Army, or to
the Secretary of War, or to this corporation;
would anybody hesitate for a moment to say
that that was land purchased for a fort, and
that, ex necessitate rei, the exclusive jurisdic-
tion over it was vested in the United States?
Certainly, nobody could do that. Did not
Congress think it would have such jurisdiction
when it passed this act establishing the asy-
lums ? If it did not, how comes it that it pro-
vided that martial law shall prevail in all these
asylums? Where did Congress get the right
to prescribe that martial law shall prevail ter-
ritorially in a time of peace in the heart of
a State if Congress has not exclusive juris-
diction over that territory? There can be no
question then that this was land over which
Congress had exclusive jurisdiction.
Now I come to the question which was put
to me by the Senator from Wisconsin, who, I
am sorry to see, is not in his seat. Here is
a provision that process of the State of Ohio
may run into that territory. That is precisely
the same as the case in regard to the arsenal
at Springfield, Massachusetts, in regard to the
navy-yard at Charlestown, Massachusetts, in
regard to a cession made in Rhode Island for
a fort. In each of those cases they state the
same thing, and the meaning of that came
under consideration both in the supreme court
of Massachusetts and before Judge Story in
the circuit court of the first circuit no less
than twice ; and in all those cases it was de-
cided that that proviso or condition in nowise
militated against the exclusive jurisdiction of
the United States; that it in nowise gave the
State of Massachusetts, where the land was in
Massachusetts, or the State of Rhode Island
where the land was in Rhode Island, any juris-
diction over that territory at all; that neither
Massachusetts nor Rhode Island could punish
any offense committed within that territory ;
that the sole effect of that provision when
accepted by the United States was to allow the
process of Massachusetts or of Rhode Island
to run into that territory, in order to prevent
it from becoming a sanctuary of criminals, and
to take men who had committed offenses out-
side of that territory and within the acknowl-
edged jurisdiction of the State from that sanc-
tuary to which they had fled and try them in
the proper courts. Upon this point I will refer
to some of these authorities.
!I In the same way the provision that nothing
!, in the act shall prevent those inmates from
11 voting is a provision in direct conflict with the
!j constitution of the State of Ohio, because, as
11 I shall show presently by abundant authority,
| the moment a man takes up his residence in a
I place over which the United States has exclu-
i: sive jurisdiction that moment he ceases to be
a citizen of the State. He cannot be a citizen
or a permanent inhabitant of that place over
which the United States has exclusive juris-
diction and yet retain his State citizenship.
The two things are totally irreconcilable; and
hence, when the Legislature of Ohio undertook
to confer upon the inmates of that asylum the
right to vote, they undertook to do what was
beyond their legislative competency. They
might as well have undertaken to confer upon
Senators on this floor the right to vote at all
elections in Ohio, although they are citizens of
other States.
I have said that this decision of the court is
fully sustained by authority. Let us see if I
am right in that statement. In the first place,
I ask the attention of the Senate to what is
said by Judge Story in his Commentaries, sec-
tion twelve hundred and tweuty-seven :
"The States cannot take cognizance of any acts
done in the ceded places after the cession ; and. on
the other hand, the inhabitants of those places cease
to be inhabitants of the State, and can no longer
exercise any civil or political rights under the law*
of the State."
That is the language of Story, written forty-
years ago, in regard to this precise question.
What says Kent? Kent, in his Commentaries,
(1 Kent, page 431,) says:
" It follows, as a consequence, from this doctrine of
the Federal courts, that State courts cannot take
cognizance of any offenses committed within such
ceded districts; and, on the other hand, that the
inhabitants of such places cannot exercise any civil
or political privileges under the laws of the State,
because they are not bound by those laws. This ha*
been so decided in the State courts."
In both the Federal courts and the State
courts this has been the decision. One of the
first cases upon this subject is the case of the
Commonwealth vs. Clary, (8 Massachusetts
Reports, 71.) A man was indicted under the
laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
for selling liquor within the arsenal grounds
at Springfield, Massachusetts, and the ques-
tion was whether he was amenable to those
laws. The court held that he was not, and so
decided; and they said :
"An objection occurred to the minds of some
members of the court, that if the laws of the Com-
monwealth have no force within this territory tho
inhabitants thereof cannot exercise any civil or
political privileges under tne laws of Massachusetts
within the town of Springfield. We are agreed that
such consequence necessarily follows, and we think
that no hardship is thereby imposed on those inhab-
itants : because they are not interested in any elec-
tions made within the State, nor held to pay any
taxes imposed by its authority, nor bound by any of
its laws."
That is precisely the state of the case with
the inmates of this asylum. They are not
taxed; they are not bound by the laws of the
State of Ohio; and they are not interested in
the elections in Montgomery county. The
court go on to say :
"And it might be very inconvenient to theUnited
States to have their laborers, artificers, officers, and
other persons employed in their service, subjected
to the services required by tho Commonwealth of
the inhabitants of the several towns."
Again the same question came up in Massa-
chusetts at a later day, in 1835, in the case of
Mitchell vs. Tibbetts, (17 Pickering, 298,) which
is a case in reference to the Charlestown navy-
