1340
tHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
vested a small sum in confederate bonds, which
he had immediately sold as soon as he had
the opportunity. This man Padelford was just
as well known in the city of Savannah as hav-
ing every pulsation of his heart beating in
sympathy with the Union as James L. Pettigru
was in South Carolina. But these two acts
were regarded as implicating him in the rebel-
lion. The court held that the pardon in his
case nullified and destroyed the effect of the
two acts which might otherwise have been held
to bar his right to recover his property.
Mr. President, the precedent there estab-
lished will not and cannot be made to apply
to the case of a man who deliberately writes a
letter, which is produced in court, showing
that he proposes to take this amnesty oath
for the express purpose of recovering his
property.
Again, the property in most of these cases
was taken, not before the amnesty oath was
taken, not before the pardon was granted, but
after the pardon was granted*, after the Uni-
ted States had said to the man who had taken
the oath that he stood just where every other
citizen stood. The cotton in the city of
Charleston, seven or eight thousand bales,
was taken after the population en masse had
taken the amnesty oath; and so strict were
the requirements with regard to taking the
amnesty oath in that city that it was im-
possible for a citizen to get his letters from
the post office until he had taken the oath.
There was an order posted by direction of
the military authorities in the post office in
the city where I reside saying that no letter
should be delivered to a man who had not
taken the amnesty oath under the proclama-
tion. And yet, Mr. President, we are told
that when it is proved that a man took that
amnesty oath without a disclaimer of the neces-
sity of his having amnesty at all, that fact
proved his complicity in the rebellion! Was
ever so outrageous a statute made in the
world? Here is an oath that you compel a
man to take to get the ordinary courtesies of
life, to get the rights which belong to every
citizen ; and then, four or five years afterward,
you say if he has taken the oath without say-
ing that he did not need the pardon thereby
acquired, he shall not have the right to the
fulfillment of the promise contained in the
proclamation of your President issued in
accordance with the acts of Congress.
Mr. President, say what the lawyers may,
refine upon this subject as you please, put
never so fine a point upon the reasoning which
allows you to shut these men out of the Court
of Claims, every man knows that great prac-
tical injustice is done by the existence of such
a statute; and it is perfectly well known to
every Senator here that if you mean to give
these men back their rights of property, if
you mean to restore it to them according to
the proclamation, you have got to do it, not
through the action of Congress, but through
some tribunal fitted to judge and decide such
cases.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, it appears
to me from the statutes read by the Senator
from Illinois, especially the statutes of 1863,
that the amendment adopted last year, which
the Senator from South Carolina seeks to
repeal, took away no right which these claim-
ants ever had; and I call the Senator's atten-
tion to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL I think the latter part
of it did.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; that is merely a
question of evidence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Indiana will read the latter part of the amend-
ment adopted last year he will see that it
was not the law before that amendment was
adopted.
Mr. MORTON. The statute of 1863 pro-
vides that nobody shall sue in the Court of
Claims who has been engaged in the rebellion
at all. In other words, it denies that peculiar
remedy to anybody who has been in the rebel-
lion. It makes n<} provision or exception for
a man who has been pardoned; but it says
that if he has ever been in the rebellion at all
he shall not have the benefit of that peculiar
remedy. There can be no mistake about this.
The act of March 12, 1863, provides for the
payment of the proceeds of captured or aban-
doned property " on proof, to the satisfaction
of said court, of his ownership of said prop-
erty, of his right to the proceeds thereof, and
that he has never given any aid or comfort to
the present rebellion." No provision is made
for a man who has given aid but has been par-
doned ; but this peculiar remedy is denied to
any man who has ever been concerned in it,
no difference if he has been fully pardoned.
Then, here is the act of June 25, 1868, pro-
viding—
" That whenever it shallbe material in any suit or
claim before any cuurt to ascertain whether any
person did or did not give any aid or comfort to the
late rebellion, the party or claimant asserting the
loyalty of any such person to the United States dur-
ing such rebellion shall be required to prove affirm-
atively that such person did, daring said rebellion,
consistently adhere to the United States, and did
give no aid or comfort to persons engaged in said
rebellion"—
Making no provision at all for the case of a
man who had been concerned in the rebellion
and was afterward pardoned.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Indiana in regard to that point; but
I think he did not quite apprehend what I
said. I think the second proviso to the amend-
ment of last year is an addition to the law; I
mean that part of it which declares that the
fact that a pardon had been received by a per-
son, unless when it was received that person
in writing objected that he was not guilty of
the acts recited in the pardon, should be con-
clusive evidence against him. Let me state a
case, by way of illustration, and the Senator
will understand me in a moment. I knew an
old lady in Savannah; I do not know that she j
has any claims; but she was a lady eighty years [
of age who received a pardon. Somebody i
applied for it; she perhaps applied herself', 1
thinking that her property might be affected,
and she received it. She had never been !
guilty of the acts that were stated in the par-
don. She did not know that that would be
conclusive evidence that she had been so guilty.
That is the provision I object to in the amend-
ment adopted last year; it is the second pro-
viso. I agree with the Senator from Indiana
that the Court of Claims did not have juris-
diction, and so the Court of Claims decided.
It was the Supreme Court of the United States
that came to a different conclusion; but my ;
opinion was, as the Senator from Indiana has
expressed his, that we organized the Court of
Claims and had authority to let whomsoever
we pleased go into it, and we need not have
organized it at all, or let anybody go in ; but
having done that, and provided that certain
persons should not go into it, we had a right so
to provide. The Court of Claims decided, as
I understand, in the same way. The Supreme
Court decided the effect of a pardon to be dif-
ferent; but the second clause of the proviso of
last year I think is unjust and ought not to
remain.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator's point is
stated very clearly, and now one word upon
that. There may be hard cases; there may be
exceptional cases under every general rule ;
perhaps no general law can be adopted that
will not sometimes work a hardship in some
case; but I take it that the rule ought to be
that wherever a person procures a pardon and
accepts a pardon for treason the acceptance
of that pardon should be conclusive evidence
of what he did, in any court, unless he should
appeal to Congress, perhaps, to relieve liim
from the effect of it. These claimants accept-
ing a pardon, wanting to get the benefit of a
pardon, all the legal advantages of a pardon,
ought not to be allowed to come into court
when their interest changes around, and say
''I never was a rebel;" and that part of the
amendment last year, called the Drake amend-
ment, I indorse very freely.
I will state this as a general principte of
law: that where a man accepts a pardon for
an offense at the hands of the Executive of a
State or of the President of theUnited States,
that pardon is evidence that he was guilty of
the crime and of the punishment affixed to it,
and from the effect of which he is relieved by
the pardon. Now, this amendment of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina would give to these
claimants rights in the Court of Claims which
they never had; it would give rights that were
not cut off by the amendment of lastyear at all.
It seems to me that under no circumstances
should it pass.
Mr. COLE. I hope we may have a voie.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
boy.) The yeas and nays have been ordered
on this amendment.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. ABBOTT. Upon this question I am
paired with the Spnator from Delaware, Mr.
Saulsbcrt. if he were here he would vote
in favor of this amendment, and I should vote
against it.
Mr. KELLOGG. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Massachusetts,
Mr. Scmxer, who is indisposed and com-
pelled to leave the Chamber. If he were here
he would vote "nay'' and I should vole
" yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 32 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Bayard, 75lair, Casserly, Davis,
Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill. Johnston,
Lewis, JfcCreery, McDonald, Pool, Boss, Sawyer,
Spencer, Sprague, Stockton, Trumbull, and Yiek-
ers—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreraan, Brownlw. Buck-
ingham, Chandler, Cole, Conklmg, Corbctt,
Edmunds, I'enton, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton ot
Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris,Howe. Huwoli, Mm--
rill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Oeoorn, Porm-rov,
Pratt. Ramsey, Rice, Scott, Stearns,'Triton, Wiiley,
and Wilson—o2.
ABSE\T— Messrs. Abbott. Anthony, <\>-n't- ■.
Carpenter, Cattell, Terry, Howard, Relink, Morrill
of Maine, Patterson, Revels, Eobertsno, SiuNoiuy,
Sehurz. Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Thaye.', Thur-
man, Warner, Williams, and Yates—1:2.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill on
page 11, after line two hundred and forty-
three, by inserting the following items:
Forshelving a room underneath the Library for
copyright books, and an iron stairway to communi-
cate therewith, $500.
For constructing cases of shelves for the alcoves
in Library, $500.
Mr. COLE. There is no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I had an amendment
in connection with the subject just pending
before the Senate. I wish to offer a proposi-
tion to repeal that part of the amendment
adopted a year ago to the appropriation bill
which as I think is calculated only to entrap
the innocent and let the guilty go free. It is
that provision which declares that the fact of
the acceptance of a pardon shall be conclusive
evidence that the person wiio accepts it is
guilty of the facts recited in the pardon. I
know the fact that these pardons were issued
often to persons who never appiitd for theui
at all, and I think that acceptance of them by
those parties innocently, without supposing
that they were to be committed to an} thing of
the kind, is calculated to entrap them. I think
it is a wrong principle and onaht not to have
been adopted originally. I oti'er so much of
the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina as repeals the second proviso of the
appropriation act which is recited. I s nd it
to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois will be rfad.
Mr. COLE. I must object to that, if I au\
in time to do so, and if I have the right to
