1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1341
object, for want of notice. The same amend-
ment Las been acted upon and voted down;
and I presume it cannot be presented again
or even a part of it. If it is presented it is
in a different form, and notice of it in the
changed form lias not been given.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
jnderstands this does not involve any ques-
tion of appropriation, and therefore it is not
open to the objection the Senator from Cali-
fornia makes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It only proposes to
repeal a part of what was proposed to bs
repealed before.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is in order under the practice of the
Senate, whether the practice be right or wrbng.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be read.
The Chief Cleric. The amendment is after
line three hundred and ten, on page 13, to
insert:
Provided, That the second proviso in that part of
the clause of the first section of the act of Congress
entitled "Au act making appropriations forthelegis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment fortheyear ending June30,1871," approved
July 12, 1870, where an appropiiation is madefortbe
payment of judgments to be rendered by the Court
of Claims, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to take any
time, but only to slate that while there may be
an exceptional case where some .person is by
that act kept out of court who got a pardon by
accident, there are fifty cases where it keeps
out dishonest and improper claimants, and
compels them, to come to us. If the Senate
want to break down the value of that barrier,
very good.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I hope this
amendment may be adopted. I do not propose
to enter into the discussion, which has been
quite exhaustive already, of the general mat-
ters contained in the whole amendment adopted
by the Senate last year: but I simply wish to
say that I consider this clause as it stands upon
our statute-book a stain upon the legislation
of my country. It is a most ingenious attempt
fraudulently to turn an act of pardon into a
proof of condemnation. I am not aware in
my knowledge of any legislation of anything
so utterly false and delusive as are the pro-
visions of this clause. A man has engaged
in an act deemed criminal by the law ; mercy
has been extended to him ; a pardon has been
granted; and yet when he conies forward to
avail himself of one of the necessary results
of that pardon, which is a restoration of his
political and legal rights under the laws of the
country by which that pardon was granted, he
is told that the granting of the pardon and the
production of the proof of the pardon shall
of itself ipso facto establish his guilt! Was
ever such a monstrous cheating proposition
forced into a public law before?
I say that I consider it most false and delu-
sive. You grant a pardon, and then by a piece
of legislative jugglery you change the pardon
to a proof of gaiit. That which should clear
him punishes him, and that which should
establish his rights destroys them! Was there
ever a greater legislative monstrosity than
that ? I do trust that the amendment moved
by the Senator from Illinois will orevail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It repeals simply this
proviso, which makes a pardon conclusive evi-
dence that the person who accepts it is guilty
of whatever is stated in the pardon unless that
person at the time the pardon was received
protested in writing that be was not guilty. I
think it is calculated to entrap the unwary and
nothing else.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
" Mr. STEWART. If I understand this
amendment it leaves the court to investigate
the question of loyalty under the statuteswhich
have been read, and leaves the burden of proof
on the applicant, but does not make the par-
don he has received, by mistake or otherwise,
conclusive evidence against him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is all.
Mr. STEWART. If we cannot trust the
court to try that question I think we had betler
abolish it.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope this amendment
will not prevail. Estoppels of record have
been applied to mankind for a great many
years and centuries, and very safely applied,
I think. If I understand this proposition
reduced, it is in a nutshell this : that a man
who has in his possession letters-patent grant-
ing him a pardon is in this court, for this pur-
pose, to be held a party to that record. As I
understand it, it comes to that. Very likely,
as the Senator from Vermont says, there are
individual cases of hardship, cases of igno-
rance, cases of surprise. The Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Mortox] anticipates me in ask-
ing, aside, "How many cases are there on
the other side?" This is general legislation,
not for the exceptions, but for the rule. Is
the Senate prepared to accept the idea that
this class of offenders, Sbming forward with
applications for pardon and having pardons
granted them which they have accepted, have
as a rule been ignorant, have as a rule been
entrapped? If not, I submit the argument
falls, because it is the rule for which we are
legislating; we are not providing for the excep-
tions.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
a word ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. Is the Senator aware that
the great majority of the pardons that were
granted under the act of July 17, 1862, and
the proclamations thereunder, were granted in
a general way by men taking the oath before
.an officer authorized to administer it, and the
presentation of the record of the oath was the
pardon; and the oath was taken by hundreds
and thousands without any special application?
Mr. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
from South Carolina is right, as I believe he
is not, he would be furnishing a very important
addition to my argument. If it were true that
in addition to the case as I have supposed it
of a man's making application for a pardon
and accepting a pardon when it was delivered
to him, he went and took his oath in limine as
to his status and condition, I do not think the
argument would be weakened any ; but my
honorable friend from South Carolina is not
right in his facts, as I understand.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not understand the
Senator's remark.
Mr. CONKLING. My remark is this, and
I will make it clear by an illustration: a man
who has been sentenced to the penitentiary
and is subsequently pardoned by the Governor
of the State does not go into the presence
of the Governor to take the oath, or to do
anything about it; but some friend on his
behalf applies for a pardon, which is sent to
the warden of the State prison, and the man is
released, carrying his pardon with him. I
think that case is strong enough to uphold
such a provision of law as this and make it
very safe in its operation. But now the Sen-
ator wants to attract my attention to a case
which, in addition to all the elements which
such a case would have, is that of a man who
conies in person, takes and subscribes the oath,
swears himself to his status, and makes it him-
self matter of record somewhere. I say to
him that such a case as that, it seems to me,
would present one more absolutely safe for the
administration of such a rule of estoppel than
the case which I first supposed.
Mr. SAWYER. Why, Mr. President, if the
Senator will allow me for one moment, I should
like to call his attention to the terms of the
proclamation of December 8, 1863, in which
the President proclaims and declares amnesty
and pardon to every individual who will come
forward and lay down his arms and take the
following oath, and the taking of that oath by
the individual who thus comes forward was
ipso facto the granting of the pardon.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well; for this pur-
pose I am bearing that in mind. The Senator
does not seem to get my point, which is that
the act of coming forward in person, as a free
agent, by a man who was notin the State prison,
or in custody, or under duress, but who, as a
volunteer, acting in his own right, came for-
ward and presented himself as a man who had
had arms in his hands, who did lay them down,
who did take this oath, who did accept this
pardon—I am presenting to the Senator the
point that that is the very man who safely may
be estopped of record.
But, Mr. President, let me say to my friend
that he is mistaken in his facts, as I have tried
to inform him two or three times. Now let us
read this act:
" And providedfurther, That whenever any pardon
shall haveheretofore been granted by the .President
of the United States to any person bringing suit in
the Court of Claims for the proceeds of abandoned
or captured property under the said act approved
March 12,1863, and the acts amendatory of the same,
and such pardon shall recite in substance that such
person took part in the late rebellion against the
Government of the United States, or was guilty of
any act of rebellion against or disloyalty to tha
United States"—
Now I ask the attention of the Senator—
" and such pardon shall have been accepted in writ-
ing by the person to whom the same issued, without
any express disclaimer of and protestation against
such fact of guilt contained in such acceptance"—
Then and in that event—
"such pardon and acceptance shall be taken and
deemed in such suit in the said Court of Claims, and
on appeal therefrom, conclusive evidence that sucll
person did take part in and give aid and comfort to
the late rebellion, and did not maintain true alle-
giance or consistently adhere to the United States."
Therefore, the Senator will see that it is not
even the case which he supposes ; but I repeat
that the case he supposes is strong enough in
my estimation to make this rule a sound one.
Mr. SAWYER. I dislike to interrupt the
Senator 
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator need not
dislike to do so. I am very glad to be inter-
rupted.
Mr. SAWYER. But if such pardon is ac-
cepted, the supposition is that he accepts the'
pardon in writing. Now, what were the facts
with regard to the acceptance of this pardon?
The person so pardoned took and subscribed
an oath, which I will read :
" T, , do solemnly swear, in presence of
Almighty God, thatl will henceforth faithfully sup-
port, protect, and defend the Constitution of tho
United States, and tho Union of the States there-
under ; and that I will, in like manner, abide by and
faithfully support all acts of Congress passed during
the existing rebellion with reference to slaves, so
long and so far as not repealed, modified, or held
void by Congress, or by decision of the Supremo
Court: and that I will in like manner abide by and
faithfully support all proclamations of the President
made during the existing rebellion having refer-
ence to slaves, so long and so far as not modified or
declared void by decision of the Supreme Court:
So help me God."
That oath was taken and subscribed, which
may be undoubtedly regarded as an accept-
ance in writing of the pardon, because it was
the act which was to be done by this individ-
ual to obtain the pardon.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me understand my
friend. Does he suppose that that is the
acceptance in writing referred to here 1 -
Mr. SAWYER. 1 suppose, if the spirit of
this legislation should be carried o„ut by that
court in the same spirit that governs the legis-
lation, it would be so ruled. Again, that oath
was takeu in many oases by people who did
not know that any such proclamation was in
existence, who did not know that it was neces-
sary to take any oath at all until they came
to claim some right of citizenship which was
held to belong to every citizen of the United
States; and then they were informed that until
