1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
yard. A man was indicted there for taking a
cargo of stone In a vessel and landing it at that
navy-yard without complying with certain stat-
utory requirements as to all cargoes that came
into the State of Massachusetts. The court
said that he was not liable, because, notwith-
standing the act giving the consent of the State
to the grant containingprccisely theprovision
that the Ohio act contains, the jurisdiction of
the United States was exclusive, and that pro-
vision in the act of the State was simply, as I
have said, a provision that allowed it to reclaim
criminals who had committed offenses within
the body of the State, but not within this ter-
ritory. The syllabus of the case is in these
words:
"By statute 1800. chapter twenty-six, giving the
consent of this Commonwealth to the purchase by
the United States of a tract of land in Oharlestown
for a navy-yard, it was provided that the Common-
wealth should retain concurrcnt jurisdiction over it,
. so far as that all civil and such criminal processes
as might issue under the authority of this Common-
wealth against persons charged with erimes com-
mitted without that tract of land might be executed
therein. It was held that under the statute 1822,
chapter one hundred and three, requiring vessels
employed in transporting stone within this Com-
monwealth to be weighed and marked, no penalty
was incurred by the employment of a vessel not
weighed or marked in transporting stone from the
State of Maine to such navy-yard, because such
vessel was not employed in transporting stone within
this Commonwealth, in the sense of the statute, and
becausono offense was committed within the juris-
diction of the Commonwealth."
But we have a still later and extremely well
considered investigation of this question by all
the judges of the supreme judicial court of |
Massachusetts, in a case reported in the sup- I
plement to 1 Metcalf, 580, in the year 1840. I j
only read the syllabus: j
"Persons who reside on lands purchased by or ;
ceded to the United States for navy-yards, forts, and i
arsenals, and where there is no other reservation of 1
jurisdiction to the State than that of a right to servo !
civil and criminal process on such lands, ore not en- i
titled to the benefits of the common schools for their >
children in the towns in which the lands are situated, j
nor are they liable to be assessed for their polls and .
estates to State, county, and town taxes in such \
towns." ,r
I wish to call the attention of my colleague i
to this language : !
"Xor do they gain a settlement in such towns, for !
themselves or their children, by residence for any |
length of time on such lands; nor do they acquire, ;
by residing on such lands, any elective franchise as j
inhabitants of such town?.'' 1
That was the unanimous opinion of the su- .
preme judicial court of Massachusetts, signed >
by four judges, whose names will not be for-
gotten by the profession in this country for i
centurics to come: Lemuel Shaw,Samuel Put- '
nam, S. S. Wilde, and Charles A. Dewey, Bos- j
ton, March 10, 1841. i
In the case of the United States tis. Cornell, j
(2 Mason's Reports,) Mr. Justice Story held j
that the purchase of lands by the United States
for public purposes within the territorial limits
of a State does not of itself oust the jurisdic- j
tiou or sovereignty of such State over such j
lands so purchased; but that, in a purchase for i
any of the purposes enumerated in the Consti* j
lution, the State Legislature having given its \
consent, by the very terms of the Constitution ;
the State jurisdiction is completely ousted. !
And in delivering the opinion that learned
judge said:
"The Constitution of the United States declares
that Congress shall have power to exeicise * exclu-
sive legislation' in all 'cases whatsoever' over all ;
places purchased bythe consentoftheLegislatureof i
the State in which thesame shall be, for the erection i
of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other j
needful buildings. When, therefore, a purchaseof !
landforany of these purposes is made by thenational i
Government, and the State Legislature has given its i
consent to the purchase, the land so purchased by |
the very terms of the Constitution ipso facto falls ,
withm the exclusive legislation of Congress?, and the :
State jurisdiction is completely ousted. This is the |
necessary result, for exclusive jurisdiction is the
attendant upon exclusive legislation; and the con-
sent of the State Legislature is by the very terms of
the Constitution, by which all the States are bound,
and to which all are parties, a virtual surrender and
cession of its sovereignty over the placc. Nor is
there anything novel in this construction. It is nn-
der the like terms in the same clause of the Consti-
tution thatexclusivejurisdiction is now exercised.by
Congress in the District of Columbia; forif exclusive
jurisdiction and exclusive legislation do not import
the^ same thing the States could not cede, or the
United States accept, for the purposes enumerated
in this clause, any exclusive jurisdiction. And such
was manifestly the avowed intention of those wise
and great men who framed the Constitution.
'* We are then to consider whether theUnitedStates
have authorized this purchase and the Legislature
of Rhode Island has given its consent to it. By an
act of Congress of the 20th of March, 1794, chapter
nine, several harbors and ports, and among them that
of -.Newport, were authorized to be fortified under the
direction of the President, and he was authorized to
receive from any State, on behalf of the United States,
a cession of the lands on which any of the fortifica-
tions with the necessary buildings might be erected,
or be intended to be erected, or, where such cession
should not be made, to purchase such lands, not being
the property of a State, on behalf of the United
States. The Legislature of Rhode Island, in further-
ance of this object, by an actpassedin the same year,
authorized any town or person in the State, by and
with the consent of the Governor of the State, to sell
aud dispose of to the President, for the use of the
United States, all such lands as should be deemed
necessary to erect fortifications upon for the defense
of the port and harbor of Newpoit, and to execute
deeds thereof in due form of law. The act contains
a proviso that all civil and criminal processes issued
under the authority of the State, or any officer therof,
may be executed on the lands so ceded, and within
the fortifications which may be erected thereon, in
the same way and manner as if such lands had not
been ceded as aforesaid.
" The Governor of Rhode Island gave his consent
in writing to the purchase of the lands in question
in due form by a certificate on the original deeds.
The argument of the prisoner's counsel is, in the
first place, that the act of Rhode Island contains no
cession of jurisdiction in terms, and the consent of
the Legislature through the Governor to the pur-
chase is not a virtual cession of its sovereignty over
the place. That argumenthas heen sufficiently con-
sidered already, and stands repudiated by the ex-
press terms of the Constitution. The counsel for
the prisoner next contend that the State has retained
a concurrent jurisdiction over the place ; and, if so,
then the averment in the indictment is not supported
in point of fact. This leads us to the consideration
of the true intent and effect of the proviso already
mentioned. In its terms it certainly does not con-
tain any reservation of concurrent jurisdiction or
legislation. Tt provides only that civil and criminal
processes, issued under the authority of the State,
wnich must of course be for acts done within and
cognizable by the State may be executed within
the ceded lands, notwithstanding the cession. Not
a word is said from which we can infer that it was
intended that the State should have a right to pun-
ish for acts done within tho ceded lands. The whole
apparent object is answered by considering the
clause as meant to prevent these lands from becom-
ing a sanctuary for fugitives from justice for acts
done within the acknowledged jurisdiction of the
State.
" Now, there is nothing incompatible with the ex-
clusive sovereignty or jurisdiction of one State that
it should permit another State, in such coses, to
cxecute its processes withinits limits. Andacession
of exclusive jurisdiction may well be made with a i
reservation of a right of this nature which then oper- j
ates only as a condition annexed to the cession, and \
as an agreemeut of the new sovcrc^n to permit its I
free exercise as Quoad Zioc, his own process. This is the ;
light m which clauses of this nature (which are very !
frequent in grants made by the States to tho United
States) have been received by this court on various
occasions on which the subject has been heretofore
brought before it for consideration; and it is thesame
light in which it has also been received by a very
learned State court. In our judgment it comports
entirely with the apparent intention of the parties,
and gives effect to acts which might otherwise per-
haps be construed entirely nugatory. For it may
well be doubted whether Congress are. by the terms
of the Constitution, at liberty to purchase lands lor
forts, dock-yards, Ac., with the consent of a State
Legislature, where such consent is so qualified that
it will not justify the 'exclusive legislation' of
Congress there. It may well be doubted if such con-
sent be not utterly void. Ut res majxs valeat quean
pereat, we are bound to give the present act a differ-
ent construction, if it may reasonably be done; and
we have not the least hesitation in declaring that
tho true interpretation of the present proviso leaves
the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of Tort Adams in
.the United States.'"—2 Mason'a Reports, pp. 63, 64,65,
and 0;i.
Now, Mr. President, can there be any doubt
thatthe decision of the supreme court of Ohio
on this question was right? Here were a set of
men. as I shall show presently, not one in a
hundred of whom, I believe, was ever a citizen
of Montgomery county. That may be too
much ; 1 will say not one in fifty of whom was
ever a citizen of Montgomery county before he
went into the military service. Here, then, is
the question whether these men, brought from
all parts of the Union 
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague is certainly
aware of the fact that under the bill as it now
stands, and as we propose to pass it, no one
will be entitled to vote in this soldiers' home j
unless by the laws of the State of Ohio any
other person in his condition would be entitled
to vote.
Mr. THURMAN. I have not overlooked
that. I have got a note of it,^nd shall speak
of it when I come to state the effect of this
bill if it passes. I wish to vindicate the decis-
ion of the supreme court of my State, which
has been so much assailed; and if I have not
sufficiently vindicated it, perhaps the best thing
I can do is to let the decision speak for itself.
I ask the Secretary to read as much of this
decision as bears on this question. I send it
to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"The leading question in the ease, as appears from
the record, arises from this statoof facts : within the
boundaries of one of the election precincts of Mont-
gomery county is situated an institution known in
law and fact as the 'National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers/ At the time of the election
in question there were a considerable number of
disabled volunteer soldiers, late ot the Army of the
United States, staying at and maintained and pro-
vided for in that institution, some of whom were, and
others of whom were not, at the time of their entrance
therein, resident citizens of this State. Of these per-
sons, thirty in number, who had been inmates of the
asylum for more than one year preceding the election,
were permitted to vote, aud did vote for Sinks.
Eight other inmates of tho asylum, similarly quali-
fied or disqualified, were permitted to vote, and did
vote for Reese.
"It appears fromabillof exceptions, formingpart
of the record, that the courtin making up its finding
of the number of votes cast for the parties, respect-
ively, rejected theformcrand(through inadvertence
and oversight, as we have good reason to believe,)
allowed the latter; and this is assigned for error.
"The question thus presented as to the legality or
illegality of the votes of the inmates of the asylum
leads us necessarily to inquire what is in law the
character of this institution, and what is the legal
status of its resident inmates?
"And first, as to tho character in law of the insti-
tution. It was established under and in conformity
to tho provisions of the act of the Congress of the
United States of March 21,1866, entitled "An act
to amend an act entitled 'An act to incorporate a
national military and naval asylum for the relief
of tho totally disabled officers and men of the volun-
teer forces of tho United States."'
44 The first three sections of the act provide for an
establishment for the care and relief of the disabled
volunteeis of the United States Army, to be known
by the name and style of the 'N-ational Asylum for
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers,' with a board of man-
agers consisting of the President of the United States
Secretary of War, Chief Justice of the United Stute>
for the time being, together with nine others, no tw<.
of whom shall be residents of the same State, to be
appointed by joint resolution of the two Houses of
Congress, to have perpetual succession, with the
power to take, hold, and convey real and personal
property, establish a common seal, and to sue and be
sued in courts of Jaw and equity ; and to make by-
laws. rules.'and regulations for carrying on the busi-
ness and government of tho asylum, and affix penal-
ties thereto. The fourth section confers power on
the board of managors to procure sites, and to have
the necessary buildings erected thereon, of sufficient
capacity to accommodate the persons to be provided
for. The fifth section appropriates various forfeited
and unclaimed f'und3 in the Treasury of the United
States to the support of the asylum, and authorizes
the acceptance of donations for its benefit. The ninth
section provides 'that allinmatesoftheasylumshall
be, and they arc herebj7, made subject to the Rules
and Articles of War, and will bo governed thereby,
in the same manner as if they were in the Army of
the United States.' And the tenth and last section
provides ' that Congress may at any time hereafter
alter, amend, oi repeal this act.'
"Here, then, is an institution invested with corpor-
ate powers, established by the Government of the
United States for its own purposes, the relief and
support of its disabled volunteer soldiers. It is
placed under the sole control and management of a
board constituted, appointed, and to be appointed
perpetually, bythe Government of the United States.
It is to be maintained by funds from the Treasury
of the United States; and its inmates are subjected
to and governed bythe Rules and Articles of War of
the United States.
"That Congress had the right, under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and with the consent of the
Legislature of this State, to establish such an insti-
tution, we think therecan be no reasonable question.
By the eighth section of the first article of the Con-
stitution it is provided 'that the Congress shall
havepower'_ * ' * 'to exorcise exclu-
sive legislation in all cases whatever' *
* ** 'over all places purchased by the consent
of the Legislature of the State, in which tho same
shall be, for the erection of forts, magazines, arsenals,
dock-yards, and other needful buildings.' The power
to declare war, and to raise and support armies:, is
vested in the Congress of the United States. Ihe-e
provisions anticipated the existence of a state ot
war. Disease and wounds, maiming and disability
are the natural and necessary consequences oi war,
and to leave men maimed and disabled while in the
servico of the Government unprovided for would
