1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1955
Norfolk, and broadcast throughout this great
Union.
Sir, this road is demanded by every sense
of justice, by every consideration for the great'
commercial interests of the country. I hope
there will be no hesitancy about it, and that
the bill will be passed.
Mr. HOWARD. I will make a very brief
statement in regard to the report of the com-
mittee of conference. Senators will recollect
that at the last session of Congress we passed
a bill through the Senate with the title of the
Texas Pacific Railroad Company, which had
attached to it, so to speak, five branches; one
on the eastern extremity, another on the west-
ern extremity, and three intervening. The bill
■which thus passed the Senate went to the
House, and was there referred to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad, and was amended
by that committee, and the amendment pro-
posed by that committee was adopted by the
House of Representatives. That amendment
proposed the same incorporators mentioned in
the Senate bill, and it contained substantially
all the provisions of the Senate bill in regard
to the route of the road, but it omitted all the
branches which had been attached to the main
trunk by the bill of the Senate. When this
amendment of the House of Representatives
was presented to the Senate the Senate dis-
agreed to the amendment and asked for a com-
mittee of conference. That conference was
granted, and we have before us the report of
the committee.
The committee adopted substantially the
body of the House bill instead of the body of
the Senate bill; but we at the same time insisted
upon having two branches of the main trunk
of the Texas Pacific railroad, the one at the
east, popularly known as the New Orleans
branch, and the one at the west, known as the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company of Cali-
fornia. These two branches were annexed to
the main trunk in the first place by the Senate
bill, and after they had been stricken off by
the House amendment they were restored
substantially by the report of the committee
of conference.
I will say, however, in regard to the Califor-
nia branch that it is not. so long as it was
described in the original Senate bill by some
two hundred miles, if 1 am rightly informed.
It is made much shorter.
There are other slight amendments sug-
gested by the committee of conference to the
body of the bill. We require the company to
make an annual report of all their proceedings
on the 1st of July, and we also change the
appellation of the road as it was in the House
amendment, it being there the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, to the Texas Pacific Rail-
road Company, the original name given the
corporation by the Senate. We thought it
best to do this in order to avoid confusion in
the negotiation of the bonds of the various
Southern Pacific railroad companies. There
are, I believe, in existence under State char-
ters, some three companies by that identical
name, which would have been a very proper
name for this corporation had it not been pre-
viously usurped bv State corporations. We
thought it best, therefore, to restore the old
name given the corporation by the Senate.
These are the principal amendments, the
most important ones which are suggested by
the committee of conference. It is substan-
tially the old bill of the Senate with two
branches, one at the eastern extremity and
the other at the western. I will not spend the
time of the Senate in further discussing the
bill.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the Senator
from Arkansas, in the condition of the public
business and the responsibilities that rest
upon us, whether he will not agree that this
vote shall be taken at seven or half past seven
o'clock this evening.
Mr. STEWART. Or nine o'clock; but let
us have an agreement as to the hour when it
shall be taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot allow all the
public bills that are now in conference to fail
merely because of this controversy. I appeal
to him now to make such an agreement. I
have no doubt the Senate will allow him an
opportunity to express his views on the sub-
ject, and then let us have a vote. Otherwise,
he takes the responsibility of standing in the
way of all the appropriation bills. I submit
to him whether he is not willing to have a vote
on this report, say at seven o'clock, allowing
a reasonable time for argument?
Mr. RICE. No, sir; I will not agree to any
time to take the vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas declines to accede to any time.
Mr. RICE. Any time to take the vote. I
will agree to take the vote when the matter has
been properly discussed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I have a right
to be dissatisfied with the result of this com-
mittee of conference. It is no factious opposi-
tion that I am making to this report. I am as
anxious for the building of the main trunk of
the Southern Pacific road as any other Senator
can be; but while I desire that, I am anxious
that the State which I in part represent shall
have some opportunity to connect with that
main trunk. One of the points that I have
labored for from the commencement was in
some way to have the State of Arkansas, the
State of Tennessee, and the States on that line
of latitude, to connect with either the Atlantic
and Pacific or with the Texas Pacific railroad.
We are cut off from the Atlantic and Pacific
by that sacred territory known as the Indian
territory, upon which no white man has a right
to tread. We cannot go there. We cannot
connect ourselves with that road on account
of that land being reserved to the Indians.
We t'hfen sought a connection in this bill by
way of a branch through Texas to Dallas,
wherebywe might connect with this road. This
subject was before the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, was fully discussed there,
fully examined, and the committee agreed that
we should have that connection, agreed that
we should unite with the Texas Pacific at a
point not west of Dallas, and thereby give us
an outlet westward in the same direction.
Every Senator who was on the Pacific Rail-
road Committee, I believe, agreed to that; every
Senator, so far as I know, in the Senate agreed
to it; and it was supposed to be a fixed fact
that the States lying south of the line of this
road and the States lying north of it, after it
came east to the State of Texas, should have
connection with it.
That was thought to be a fair, reasonable
proposition. I never heard any objection to
the idea that the road we are building across
the State of Arkansas for a length of three
hundred miles might be extended by reason
of this connection to the Texas Pacific road,
a distance of two hundred miles further. I
heard no objection from any source until this
committee of conference was appointed, so
far as the Senate was concerned, and I never
heard any objection from any member of the
House. I was not a member of the committee
of conference, and have never asked any mem-
ber how he stood on that question; but I have
a right to complain of that committee of con-
ference for not reporting according to the way
the majority were upon it. Four of them were
all the time warmly and strongly in favor of
this branch ; one was indifferent; and one was
against it, and yet it was not put on. I want
a new committee of conference, upon which
the majority shall prevail; where those who
are in favor of any particular amendment to
the bill will have that amendment put there.
But in this case one man, who said he was
opposed to it, overslaughed the rest of the
committee, and the amendment had to go out.
I complain of this, and I have a right to com-
plain of it. I have been a member of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad now for
nearly three years. It was expected of me that
by being a member of that committee my
constituents would reap some benefit from a
Southern Pacific road. They have looked to
me, they have written to me, they have ex-
pressed their anxiety in a thousand ways to
be in some manner connected with this en-
terprise. Different routes were thought of;
different means were suggested by which the
State of Arkansas could connect itself with
the Texas Pacific road. Finally it was agreed
to extend the Cairo and Fulton road by a pro-
posed amendment from Fulton to Dallas, in
the State of Texas. The people in the State
of Arkansas were satisfied with that. The
bill was reported in that way last winter, and
they have been expecting and anxious for
the final passage of the bill.
But now weare told that that cannot be done.
We are told that the committee could not
afford to load the bill with this branch. We
asked no laud; we asked no subsidy; we asked
nothing on the face of the earth but simply the
right of way to connect with the Southern
Pacific road. That was too much. The Cali-
fornia branch, which asks for a new grant of
land, the committee could put on; the New
Orleans branch, which revives an old grant
which has been extinct I believe, for ten years,
they could put on ; that would not load the
bill; but when they came to a branch that
asked for no land, asked for nothing from the
Government but the right of way, that could
not go on the bill!
Mr. President, I know the anxiety which is
felt on all sides for the passage of this bill;
but I know also that when this bill does pass
without any connection from Texas north-
ward, no connection will ever be obtained. I
know Senators promise me, " we will make
your branch by a separate bill; we will pass
a joint resolution by which you can get your
branch at anytime." But, sir, I know it is
the interest of this road, whenever it is once
chartered, to cut off all connections with it
unless it controls them. I know that it places
our Cairo and Fuitou road, of three hundred
miles, in their power, in their control, so that
they can join with it if they can have their own
terms, or they can let it alone and make an
outlet elsewhere. I know that the outlet to
Memphis can be controlled in the same way.
There is no way of getting to Memphis from
this Southern Pacific road, according to the
bill as it now is, except by keeping on the
east side of the Mississippi river through the
State of Mississippi and striking some road
that leads from Mississippi and Memphis, in
order to get there. All the people of that
latitude are out off from their connection un-
less they seek it through some roundabout
way, either through Mississippi by rail, ordown
the Mississippi river. We want connection
opened from Memphis, whereby the people of
Tennessee can go through Arkansas, and the
people of Arkansas can go through Texas and
connect themselves with this road, and travel
upon it, without going by any indirect course.
Mr. President, we are peculiarly situated m
the State of Arkansas. We have always been
peculiarly situated. Arkansas has been a State
for thirty-five years, I believe. Owing to the
peculiar situation of the State, public improve-
ments have never advanced there until very
recently. There was 110 outlet, there was no
terminus at which any road could enter the
State and find a point that would supply it
with business. There was no plan by which
they could create a road that would have any-
thing but way trade and way travel. It was
wholly impossible to maintain a road through
such a country with such a business, when the
country was devoted almost exclusively to tb©
raising of cotton. Hence, when the war closed,
Arkansas had completed and in running order
only about forty, or perhaps, forty-five miles
