1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1343
guilt of the party, he is entitled to waive that
prima facie evidence before any tribunal where
he appears asking for justice. Now, Mr.
President, there are two ways of convicting
criminals. One is to produce witnesses in
court to prove their guilt. Another way is,
that a man shall confess his own guilt. This
subject of pardon, in view of these two
aspects, has been discussed on this floor, and
very learnedly, whether before a man was
arraigned in court or before he was brought
within the jurisdiction of the court, so that
judgment might be passed upon him and exe-
cuted, a pardon could be granted at all. These
are questions on which we have been treated
to learned discussions by the most learned
lawyers in this body. I suppose there is not a
human being on earth who knows as well
whether he is guilty or innocent as the person
himself.
An Irishman was once arraigned, I believe
in the State which the honorable Senator so
ably represents; the indictment was read to
him, and he was asked whether he was guilty
or not guilty. Said he, ''Faith, your Honor,
how can I tell till I hear the evidence?"
[Laughter.] That is the position in which
the argument of the honorable Senator would
place these people. How can they tell whether
they are disloyal or not until they have heard
the evidence? That is precisely the attitude
in which this question is presented. A poor,
mistaken man, who had been steeped in this
rebellion to his arm-pits for years, accepted
this pardon as the convicted sinner does grace,
and after all, upon mature reflection, after he
has got it, it is a question of great doubt in
his mind whether he was guilty or not! How
is he to prove that he was loyal? Call his
neighbors. Do they know as well the spirit
that moved the culprit as he himself does?
One of the most difficult things for judges and
juries to determine is, what was the animus,
what was the intent of the party; and upon
that question juries and judges frequently dis-
agree, but in my own conscience I have no
disagreement; I know whether in spirit and
in fact I have violated the laws of my country.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my eloquent friend
allow me to ask him a question in regard to
his last sentence on the question of intent ?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. A man receives a par-
don, or received one three years ago, when
the law attached to that pardon no conse-
quence except that it was conclusive proof
that he was inuocent from that time on. Now
will you say, by an act passed a year after-
ward, that by accepting of that pardon he had
an intent exactly the reverse of that ?
Mr. NYE. It seems to me the plain, sim-
ple answer to that question is this: it was the
object of Congress, most undoubtedly, that
rebels should not appear in the Court of
Claims. _ That is the object of the enactment
which it is now proposed to repeal. Who the
rebels were, the law determined. It said they
were those men who had pleaded guilty; for
there is no other version to the acceptance of
this pardon but that the man says, "I am the
subject of it; I am guilty. I take the grace
which the Government in its kindness gives."
The honorable Senator's logic is to allow the
party to disprove that fact by his neighbors.
Mr, President, I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to a fact, and it is growing with a
growth that startles me. What is loyalty? We.
are told that a man who laughed when the
Federal armies were defeated and smiled at
the success of those who were trying to over-
throw the Government is, after all, a loyal
man. Why? Because he did not shoulder
arms in either army and go to the field. Sir,
the man who sat supinely down and viewed
with coolness the wreck of this nation is a
traitor on earth, and will be regarded as a
traitor at whatever destination he reaches
after death. He is a traitor because he was
not patriotic. A man is the subject of this
pardon because he has not raised his hand to
support his Government in her hour of direst
need. Different witnesses will be called. My
friend from Wisconsin may be called and say
because this man did not do anything but
rejoice in our overthrow that that, after all,
may not constitute, in the highest sense of the
term, disloyalty. Sir, "he that is not for me
is against me," both by Scripture and com-
mon sense. In war emphatically he that is
not for his Government is against it, in the
highest sense of the term. These individuals
knew when they reckoned with themselves
before they accepted this pardon whether they
were guilty or not, and with that conscious-
ness that always pursues guilt and seizes every
avenue of escape they availed themselves of
the kindness of this Government and have
solemnly sworn that they were the subject? of
this pardon; for only a class was covered by it.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
a question right there?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator read the
oath and see if there is anything in the oath
which in the slightest degree admits guilt?
Mr. NYE. Oh, it is tlte term prescribed;
if you are wicked you must become penitent
and be forgiven; and it applies as well to the
honorable Senator from South Carolina as to
everybody else.
Mr. SAWYER. With the permission of
the Senator I will say that when the postmas-
ter at Charleston told me that I could not have
my letters unless I took that oath—as it was
simply an oath of allegiance to the United
States, which I was then proud to take and
which I shall always be proud to take, and as
proud as that Senator, and always could take
as well as that Senator—I did not deem that
I was confessing that I was guilty.
Mr. NYE. The plea of ignorance is no plea
at all after the act. I never heard that the
Senator from South Carolina did have to take
it until he told us so here; but I undertake
to say that a man of as fall acquirements and
of as much scholastic acquirements and of
as much learning as he has the reputation of
having knew pretty well what he was swearing
about; or if he did not, is it to be presumed
that nobody else knew what he was swearing
about? Hardly. But, sir, the danger which
I apprehend from opening the door by this
proposition is that the moon will not twenty-
four times fill her horn before it will be twenty-
four times as hard to prove a man disloyal as
it is to prove that he was loyal.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me suggest to my
friend that there is but one remedy then, and
that is to repeal the act establishing the court
and abolish the Court of Claims.
Mr. NYE. I do not want to abolish any
court, but we pass laws here every day to allow
certain persons to go there. If these persons
are within the scope of those laws, very well;
then they can go there; if they are outside of
those laws they cannot.
Mr. President, I have spoken of some appre-
hensions that I have of this growing sentiment
to be extremely liberal on this question of
loyalty. Why, sir, men now are all loyal who
claim to be conservative. The old Whigs are
loyal, and they point back to it when they
thought it dreadful to run a man in arms for
office. But right down there in the State where
the Quakers lived, right down there in that
State where the old Whig leaders lived, not a
man of them but countenanced the rebellion.
Let me suppose a case: a school is to be estab-
lished in North Carolina or South Carolina,
and the political lines are drawn. The trus-
tees of the schools are elected or appointed.
There are no Republicans among them. Why ?
Because the founder of the school desires to
have "gentlemen" associated with him—gen-
tlemen of known ability, that old class of " gen-
tlemen" who hitch to the snubbing-post oi the
past and ride all the storms and gales with
comparative security. They cannot get any
Radicals or Republicans there, because they
are not "old-fashioned gentlemen." Now,
suppose the case of one of those " old-fash-
ioned'gentlemen " being disloyal. The truth
is that he sat timidly and quietly down amid
the storms of dissolving empires and of repub-
lics ; and now, forsooth, the Court of Claims
will call him a loyal man ! I call that man
disloyal whose every pulsation was not for his
Government. I call that man disloyal who
had a single sympathy for the rebellion in view
of its consequences. That was the congres-
sional view of loyalty; but I regret to say that
it is passing away, and that now, after men
have taken that oath in which they plead guilty,
the effort is to prove by others that they were
mistaken when they entered that plea.
Mr. SAWYER. I dislike extremely to tres-
pass on the time of the Senate, but I cannot
allow the Senator from Nevada to leave the
impression on the Senate which he seeks so
industriously to leave, that the men who took
that oath confessed any guilt. There is not a
line or a word in the oath itself which any man
in the southern States could not have taken ;
there is not a line or a word in the oath which
confesses guilt at all; but it is simply an oath
of allegiance to the Constitution and in sup-
port of the laws of the Government of the
United States. There is no more confession
of guilt in it than there is in the oath which
the Senator from Nevada took when he as-
sumed his seat in this body, in which he purged
himself of disloyalty and declared that he had
never aided or abetted the rebellion.
The truth is that in many cases this oath or
amnesty was crammed down the throats of
men who knew that they required no more to
take an oath of loyalty than the Senator from
Nevada himself. The military power pre-
scribed that citizens should take this oath
before they could have the ordinary privileges
of citizens of the United States.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question, if it does not interrupt
him ?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. I did not understand the Sen-
ator to say that he was pardoned, but that he
took this oath in order to get his letters out of
the post office ; that that was all the object he
had in taking it. Am I correct?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. NYTE. You can take that oath and not
be pardoned at all; but it was one of the con-
ditions that if you did accept a pardon you
should take the oath, the presumption being
that you had been disloyal, and therefore you
were obliged to take the oath.
Mr. SAWYER. That presumption would
never have been raised as to myself by the
Senator had he known me in South Carolina.
Mr. NYE. I make no"application of it to
the Senator from South Carolina himself, by ■
any means.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to ask the
Senator from Nevada one question. Would it
not be better in that connection, because it
would reach further and accomplish the same
object, to pass another act saying that inas-
much as every man who had a pardon was
required to take the oath, therefore the taking
of this oath should be conclusive evidence that
he had been pardoned, and then the pardon
should, be conclusive evidence that he had
been guilty?
Mr. NYE. I answer the honorable Senator
by saying it is not this oath that kelps a man,
in or out of the Court of Claims; it is the fact
that under his own signature he accepted the
pardon. It is not the oath that keeps him out
or in, but the fact is that he has got on his
own person, by his own acknowledgment, over
his own signature, the pardon of this Govern-
ment. That is what it means.
Mr. SCOTT. This debate has given rise
