1344
ffiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
to one impression,_ which I rise only for the
purpose of correcting. The impression has
been made by various statements, in the course
of the debate, that these persons who are
debarred from suing in the Court of Claims
stand as isolated exceptions from a right. I
deny that. In the first place the Government
lias the right to determine who may sue in the
Court of Claims, and may impose any quali-
fications that may be deemed expedient in
granting that privilege; and in doing so I wish
to call the attention of the Senate to the fact
that even now there is a very large class of
meritorious claimants debarred from suing in
the Court of Claims; and what surprises trie
is, that in the course of this debate the very
Senators who have been taking the ground
that that large class of meritorious and loyal
claimants ought not to be permitted to present
their claims even in Congress because they
lived in an enemy's country, are now taking
the ground that the man who holds in his hand
a pardon implying his guilt ought to be per-
mitted to go into the Court of Claims and sue
as a citizen may who has never been charged
with disloyalty.
Now let me call attention to the act of Feb-
ruary 9, 1807, which reads thus in regard to
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims:
" That the provisions of chapter two hundred and
forty of the acts of the Thirty-Eighth Congress, first
session, approved July 4,18G4, shall not be construed
to authorize the settlement of any claim for supplies
or stores taken or furnished for the use of or used
by the armies of the United States, nor for the occu-
pation of or injury to real estate, nor for the con-
sumption, appropriation, or destruction of or damage
to personal property by the military authorities
or_ troops of the United States, where such claim
originated during the war for the suppression of the
southern rebellion, in a State or part of a State
declared in insurrection by the proclamation of the
President of the United States, dated July 1, 1862,
or in a State which by an ordinance of secession
attempted to withdraw from the United States Gov-
ernment."
Here is the whole class of loyal citizens in
the lately rebellious States whose property was
taken as supplies for the maintenance of the
Army, or whose real estate was injured by the
spoliations of the Army, and they are all pre-
vented from going into the Court of Claims
and bringing their suits against the Govern-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania allow me to inquire if a man. in
any State of this Union can go into the Court
of Claims to recover for the use of his prop-
erty? That is not peculiar to the southern
States; a man cannot do it anywhere.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He can if there is a con-
tract.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And so he can in refer-
ence to a contract anywhere. Those cases are
settled by the quartermaster and commissary
department, not in the Court of Claims.
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly; but I am making
the point that it is not the indefeasible right
of every citizen to go into the Court of Claims.
It is a right which the Government may regu-
late, and I wish to show that in discriminating
there is no wrong in saying that the man who
has cried out peccavi and taken pardon to save
him from the consequences of his sin shall be
precluded from going there when you prevent
whole classes of more meritorious citizens from
going there. That is the point I rose to make,
that it is not a hardship on these citizens,
because there are hundreds of others more
deserving citizens in the same situation that
they are.
Mr. BLAIR. I shall detain the Senate but
for a few .moments. I simply wish to refer to
one aspect of this case which has not been, as
I thick, sufficiently considered ; not as appli-
cable strictly to this amendment so much as to
the discussion which has arisen in the Senate.
I think that a great many persons who actu-
ally took part during the rebellion against the
Government are not quite so guilty as they
have been denounced here in the Senate as
being. Many men in the South at the begin-
ning of our difficulties were strongly in favor of
the old Government, and sought in every way
in their power to sustain it; but we all know
how slowly the Government moved to their
assistance and the delays which occurred;
and during all this time, while our Govern-
ment was doing nothing, not lifting its fin-
ger, the Union men throughout the South,
those who were disposed to maintain the Gov-
ernment, were left to themselves, and the
active secessionists were at work. They, being
in power in most of the States throughout the
South, were absolutely allowed by this Gov-
ernment to establish a de facto government,
a perfectly arbitrary government, which had
the power to compel the citizens within the
South to adhere to its cause. While this was
being done the Government of the United
States stood by idle, indifferent, and did not
raise a finger to assist the Union men who
were exerting themselves in the South to main-
tain the Federal Government.
If these men afterward went, as many of
them did go, into the armies of the disunionists,
of the confederates, I think the Government of
the United States was as much to blame for it as
those individuals. The government owed the
duty of protection tif its citizens in the South,
as much as those citizens in the South owed
the duty of allegiance to the Government.
These duties are reciprocal. When the Gov-
ernment failed absolutely to perform its duty
to its citizens it had no right to claim the duty
of allegiance from those citizens whom it had
abandoned. That is the truth of the case.
We all know the instance of a very distin-
guished man, Alexander H. Stephens. We all
know that as a member of the Georgia con-
vention he contended with eloquence and abil-
ity in favor of the Government of the Uni-
ted States; and I have been informed that the
only reply which was made to that eloquent
appeal of his to support the Government was
the reading by Mr. Toombs of a paragraph from,
the New York Tribune, in which it was
declared that if the southern people chose to
secede they had as much right to separate
themselves from the northern States as our
ancestors had in 1776 to separate themselves
from the mother country.
That paragraph did appear in the Tribune,
and every Senator here will bear it in his rec-
ollection. I remember to have seen it, and I
remember the discouragement which fell upon
us in Missouri and throughout the other south-
ern States where Union men were attempting
to band themselves together and to maintain
the Government, when it was announced by
that paper, a leading paper in the Republican
party at the time, that the secessionists had
as much right to separate themselves from the
northern States as had our ancestors in 1776
to abandon the mother country. I know it
discouraged our friends, and we were also dis-
couraged by the apathy of the Government—
not only Mr. Buchanan's Government, but
by that which succeeded it, the Government
under Mr. Lincoln; and I say now, as I have
often said, that there were thousands and
thousands of citizens at the South who de-
sired to maintain the Government of the Uni-
ted States, but who were, by this inaction and
indifference on its part, suffered to be drawn
into the rebellion against their own wishes.
Mr. FEN TON. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow me to interrupt him for one
moment?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly, sir.
Mr. PENTON. The position of the New
York Tribune, according to my recollection,
(and I think it is the recollection of all the Sen-
ators present, or will be on this simple state-
ment,) was. not that the secessionists had the
right to take the southern States out of the
Union, but that they might go out upon the
fairly expressed desire of a majority of their
people to that effect being communicated to
their sister States and acquiesced in by the
people at large. The position of the Tribune
was at all times that the expression on the part
of those who carried the States into rebellion
was a misrepresentation of the popular wish
even of those States.
Mr. BLAIR. I have simply to reply to the
Senator from New York that my understand-
ing of the declaration of the New York Tri-
bune was about what he announces his to be,
that the people of the South, if they desired to
separate themselves from the States of the
North and from the Government of the Uni-
ted States, had as much right to do so as our
ancestors had to separate themselves from tbe
mother country.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, the New
York Tribune, according to my understand-
ing—and I have been a careful reader of it for
a great many years—never acknowledged the
right of secession, I am sure.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will my friend from
Missouri now allow me a word?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to ask the dis-
tinguished Senator from New York whether
the doctrine held by the New York Tribune
be that if a majority of the people of a State
choose to secede they have a right to do so ?
And does the honorable Senator from New
York say now that if a majority of the people
of the State of New York, or of the State "of
Delaware, choose to secede from this Union
they have a right to do so? I understood him
to say that that was the position of the New
York Tribune. It is an institution in itself.
I want the country to know whether that is the
doctrine of that paper, and whether the dis-
tinguished Senator from New York gives to
that doctrine his support. I hope the Senator
will answer.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Missouri yield to the Senator from
New York?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, the New
York Tribune may have said, and probably it
did express the opinion, that as a matter of
expediency it might be best to let them go :
but it never acknowledged the right of seces-
sion, never.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The New York Tri-
bune permitted it.
Mr. FENTON. I trust I need not add for
myself that I never indorsed any such prop-
osition.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President, I simply de-
sired to call the attention of the Senate to this
condition of affairs which I am satisfied every
Senator knows to have existed at the South at
the beginning of the war. I did not care to
criminate anybody at the North in reference
to this matter; but the judgment of Senators
here seems to me to be so excessively harsh
upon everybody at the South who was involved
in any way in this unfortunate and unhappv
rebellion that I desired to call the attenaoii
of gentlemen to the fact that thousands upon
thousands of men who at the beginning were
desirous of maintaining the Government, and
put forth their influence and their strength lor
that purpose, became involved in the rebellion
subsequently by the default of the Government
itself in failing to give them support and pro-
tection, which was as much due to them ironi
the Government as their allegiance was due to
the Government from them. The duty of the
citizen to the Government is a reciprocal duty
with that of the Government to the citizen.
The duty of allegiance on the part of the citi-
zen is not due unless the Government gives
him the protection which it is bound to give
him, and which in thousands of instances the
Government of the United States failed to give
at the outbreak of the war. 1 remark upon
the case of Mr. Stephens, who was a zenlou-;
| friend of the Union, who spoke in the Georgia
convention ably and eloquently against the
