1956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
of road. A State as old as the State of Michi-
gan had only forty-five miles of railroad, and
that not of a paying kind.
Things have somewhat changed since then,
but they have changed to a great extent by
reason of the prospect of the roads that are
now being built connecting at some time with
some through road, some road whereby they
would get freight beyond the line of the road
itself, some road that would terminate upon
some great ocean, or upon the Gulf, or some-
where where there would be trade and travel
from some other point except the State itself.
That prospect has stimulated the building of
railroads in our State, and a number of enter-
prises are now on foot. We have the Little
llocU and Fort Smith road, well along toward
completion, bearing westward and trying to
get out through the Indian territory. The
prospects of the road are not so> good as they
might be of late, because we are told that
we cannot get through there and can make
no connection westward across that territory.
We have, then, the Cairo and Pulton road,
which is being built from Cairo to Fulton, a
distance of three hundred and seventy miles,
with a prospect of going on and connecting
with the Texas and Pacific road.
A large amount of capital has been invested
in both these enterprises. A great deal of
energy, a great deal of labor, and a great deal
of intellect have been bestowed in the build-
ing of them up to this time, if kept up, if
properly sustained by the action of Congress,
that prospect would enable those roads to get
Capital and complete their entire lines; but if
they are cut otF on the west on the one hand
and on the south on the other, and have 110
Outlet beyond the limits of the State of Ark-
ansas, the enterprises must necessarily stop.
Theetuire lines of road that are being com-
menced in our State cannot be carried on if
they are cut off from any outlet. It is the
prospect of that connection west and south
that has stimulated capital to invest there,
and that capital will as soon as possible be
withdrawn unless there be some prospect of
getting out either south or west. Not only
will that capital be withdrawn, but 110 other
capital can be obtained to carry on the work
by ihe present company or by other companies
unless there is some luture hope that they may
join themselves to some great thoroughfare
that leads to*the Pacific.
Sir. NYE. If the Senator will allow me,
this whole difficulty, it seems to me, can be
settled by a very simple little thitog. I veuture
to say that within ten days we can pass a sup-
plemental bill that will let the Senator's road
form a connection with this; and I make the
suggestion to the honorable Senator to see if
he will not stop his opposition to this. Every-
body will support a supplemental bill to let
him go down there.
Mr. RICE. I have no doubt about the sin-
cerity of the Senator's promises, but he can
only promise for himself.
Mr. NYE. I know; but that is so natural
and so proper that I suppose there will be no
difficulty about it.
Mr. RICE. The same reasons that kept it
off this bill would defeat it in a separate bill.
Mr. NYE. Not at all. I beg the Senator
to accept that proposition.
Mr. RICE. It is a very easy matter, if there
is any disposition to remedy the evil, to rem-
edy it now, by withdrawing this report and put-
ting 011 this branch, or letting the report be
referred to another committee and let that
committee put it in.
Mr. NYE. That will endanger the whole
tiling, and I know that what I have suggested
can be done.
Mr. IilCB. And I know that this can be
done.
Mr. FOWLER. I have listened to the
argument of the Senator from Arkansas,
and I wish to put a question to him. Will
not this Pacific Railroad Company have a
deeper interest in making the connection with
the Fulton and Cairo railroad than the Fulton
and Cairo road will have with them? They
cannot stop right at Marshall, Texas. They
must have these connections, and they are
interested in every possible connection th&t
can be made with them, it seems to me. That
is the point.
Mr.RICE. The larger enterprise always con-
trols and swallowsup the smaller ones. Here is
a road through the State of Arkansas with a gap
between it and the South Pacific railroad. If
they cannot by the same power that creates
the Southern Pacific road connect with it on
equal terms, they will be at the mercy of that
Pacific road. They cannot get there. We
cannot pass beyond Arkansas. If they come
to meet us they come on their own terms.
Mr. FOWLER. But this is the point:
when they get to Marshall, Texas, they must
come to some place east. They will be more
interested in making that connection than you
will be in connecting with them; and eventu-
ally the road will have to pass into the hands
of some eastern compauy. It will not remain
in the hands of the company who are now
going to build it.
Mr. RICE. I do not care into whose hands
the road passes. The point is this: that not
only the State I represent, but the State that,
the Senator represents, is interested in being
connected in some way, or having a right to
connect with the Texas Pacific road. We have
not that right and cannot get there as the bill
now stands.
Mr. KELLOGG. Will the Senator from
Arkansas permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir.
Mr. KELLOGG. I understand my friend
to say that Arkansas has no connection with
the road contemplated by this bill. I ask him
if there is not a line subsidized by statutory
provision for every rod from Cairo, through
Little Rock, to a point on the Texas Pacific
railroad in Texas? I assert that it is on the
statute-book, and I can show it.
Mr. RICE. What statute-book?
Mr. KELLOGG. If the Senator appeals to
me, I will show it to him.
Mr. RICE. Yes, I want to hear it. If you
have got anything new I shall be glad to
lisEr 11
Mr. KELLOGG. Well, Mr. President, I
will state the (acts briefly. The Cairo and Ful-
ton road was established by act of Congress
approved February 9, 1853. That act gave to
the States of Arkansas and Missouri a grant of
land " to aid in the construction of a railroad
from a point upon the'Mississippi opposite
the mouth of the Ohio river"—right across
the river from Cairo—"via Little Rock, to the
Texas boundary, near Fulton, in Arkansas."
The original act was revived and extended by
this act of July 28,1866, because the company
organized under that act had not complied with
its provisions and built the requisite number
of miles of road. At the present Congress we
again extended the act. The act of 1866 gave
this_ company four sections of land per mile in
addition to the six sections granted by the act
of 1853, making the grant as it now stands on
the statute-book ten sections per mile.
Thus a subsidized line is established from a
point opposite Cairo to Little Rock. Now,
sir, for this road there are appropriated, in
the State of Arkansas alone, in the aggre-
gate, one million nine hundred thousand
acres of land. For the seventy miles of the
road in Missouri, they receive six sections
only per mile. The grant in Missouri was not
increased ; but this road does receive ten sec-
tions per mile for the entire length of theroad,
three hundred miles, from the northeast cor-
ner of Arkansas to the southwest corner of
Arkansas, on the Sulphur fork of Red river,
opposite Texarcana, just over the Texas line.
Why, sir, you can shoot an arrow from the
terminus of the Cairo and Fulton road to the
northwestern terminus of a road established
by a charter granted by the State of Texas,
and which my friend from Arkansas himself,
,as I shall show, says is a valid charter with a
valid grant of land; and the supreme court of
the State of Texas, I am informed, very recently
passed upon thischarterand grant, and declared
it valid. I have shown you the statute. Now
let us see if I am further right on this point.
Now, sir, last winter my friend from Ark-
ansas passed upon this question as a member
of the Committee 011 the Pacific Railroad. A
sub-committee, composed of my friend from
Arkansas and the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart,] made an elaborate report upon the
question as to whether the Memphis and El
Paso Company had a valid grant from Texas,
whether, in fact, the Texas charter of 1856 was
a valid one. Now, sir, this charter established
a line which connected at that very point, the
terminus of the Cairo and Fulton road, and
ran down to a point on the thirty-second par-
allel, thus connecting with the line of Pacific
railroad contemplated by the bill uuder con-
sideration ; and, sir, there is a clause of this
bill that provides tor a consolidation with that
or any similar company. As I have said, the
question was whether that grant was valid.
Now, sir, let me read the conclusion of this
report, which is signed by my friend from Ark-
ansas, than whom there is no man I respect
more, nor one I would sooner like to accom-
modate ; and I sincerely wish iliat his branch
could have been put in this bill. Ttie report
concludes as follows:
"From the best examination that we have been
able to make from the facts and the laws off exas, our
conclusions are that the Memphis and Et Pjso Rail-
road Company is an existing corporation, with the
right of way across the State of Texas, and that it
has a valid land grantof sixteen sections to the mile,
to be selected out of the public lands of Tex is, with-
out any special reservation." •
This report is signed by William M. Stew-
art and B. F. Rice.
Now, sir, let me read from an exhibit that
accompanies this report. I will read from the
charter, which my friend says is valid. The
second section provides—■
"That said corporation"—
That is, the Memphis and El Paso—
"is hereby invested with the right to locate, con-
struct, own, and maintain a railway commencing
at the western terminus "—
Of what? Why—
"of the Cairo and Eulton railroad."
Of course we have not given them any pub-
lic land in Texas, but we have given them ten
sections to the mile from Cairo clear down t,o
this point; and the line from this point to the
line proposed by this bill has sixteen sections
per mile granted by Texas; granted, in fact,
trom—
" The eastern boundary of the Stato, or from the
Sulphur fork of Red river, on a line running thence
west to the Rio Grande, opposite to or near the town
of El Paso."
Now let me read the provision relating to
this point:
'\Tho said company sliallha,ve the right to connect
their road with any other road chartered through
the State of Texas running to or in the direction of
El Paso; and lrom such junction said companies,
mutually agreeing, one common trunk road may be
constructed to the western boundary of the State,
and the stock of the said companies may become
united."
Sir, bear in mind that this act passed the
Legislature of Texas in 185G. It is a fact, and
no one can contradict it, that two years prior
the Texas Legislature had incorporated a road
running from Marshall; the Southern Pacific.
It was also provided in that charter, as it is in
this, that the company should come down and
unite at a certain point on or near the thirty-
second parallel and there be authorized to go
on one common line. Now, sir, where is that
point? I will tell you. It includes almost
precisely the point where the branch of my
friend proposes to intersect the line proposed
by this bill. I think this ought to be under-
stood. It is due to. me and due to the other
conferees of the Senate and of the House that
