1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
more than any other State. It concerns every
State in which there is one of these asylums.
But, sir, I must stop for a moment to notice a
very peculiar thing, although it has nothing to
do with the argument I am making, a very
strange kind of remark that I find in this re-
port. After setting forth the miserable condi-
tion of these men, after setting forth how they
get drank, how they indulge in debauchery,
how they become the inmates of alms-houses
and prison houses and are found in gutters in
the streets and the like, this board for the
administration of a charity, this eleemosynary
board, consoles itself by this most singular
reflection in regard to the misfortunes of these
men:
" The board of managers are happy to say that it
b by their own fault and misbehavior alone."
They are "happy to say" that these men
are reduced to this state of wretchedness by
their own fault and their own misbehavior
alone. Why, sir, t should have thought that
all men, and especially the managers of a
charity like this, would have been happy if
they could find that these men were reduced
to this condition by some inevitable necessity,
and not that they were reduced to it by their
own fault and their own misbehavior. I should
have thought that they would have entertained
different feelings for these defenders of the
country, these men who had lost health and
limb in the service of the country. I should
have thought they would have been glad,
indeed, to find that it was some irremediable'
cause or some inevitable accident that had
reduced them to this state of misery; but not
so with this board; they are "happy to say "
that these misfortunes have come upon these
men by "their own fault and misbehavior
alone."
I do not share that sentiment with them at
the same time that I do say that they have
drawn the correct picture of these men they
are n t in any legal sense whatsoever perma-
nent residents of that asylum. They show
that every six months they become migra-
tory ; they show that they become migratory
for a purpose; they show that they become
migratory under what they say is a false
pretext; that tliey become migratory on the
ground that they can support themselves, their
real object being to draw their pension, and
after they have drawn that and expended it in
riotous living they have to come back to the
asylum and be supported until the next pen-
sion payment day comes around. And yet
they are called permanent citizens of Mont-
gomery county, persons who are there animo
manendi, who are there to make it their
home, their residence, to be citizens of that
county, and therefore you are to upset the
whole charity of the home in order to give
them a right to vote.
Oh, but it will be said, are, they not merito-
rious men, and ought they not to have a right
to vote ? Is hot every man in your regular
Army a meritorious man, almost every one of
whom served through the war; and yet he has
no right to vote. You have thirty thousand men
in your Army, you have eighteen thousand sail-
ors in your Navy, and most of the men in both
Army and Navy were men who gallantly foaght
during the whole four years of the war, and not
one of them can vote. From your General of the
Army down to the lowest private in the ranks,
from your Admiral in the Navy down to the
lowest seaman or marine, not one of these men
can vote, except some few who are no longer
in the active service of the country.
And now, pray, where is the hardship? If
my friend, General Sherman, himself, were
stationed in the State of Indiana for ever so
long a time, he could not under her constitu-
tion vote, because no residence as an officer
of the Army of the United States could give
him the right to vote. If Admiral Porter
were stationed in the State of Ohio, and were
to reside there five years, he could not be en-
titled to vote. No residence there as a naval
officer could make him, under the constitution
of the State of Ohio, a citizen of that State.
Where then is the hardship in respect to these
men? Sir, it is in imagination alone; noth-
ing but in imagination. I am as far from
wishing to deprive these men of any right they
ought to exercise as any mau can be. I drew
with my own hand the first resolution that was
passed by a popular assemblage in Ohio in
favor of giving the soldiers iu the Army the
right to' vote. That was in the year 1862.
With that hand I drew the first resolution to
that effect, which was passed by a popular
convention in the State of Ohio. I have
always been in favor of giving them the right
to vote, as far as it could be done consistently
with the Constitution and laws of my country.
But this is a wholly different case from that.
This is a question which goes to the constitu-
tional power. It goes to the question whether
or not you shall take men who are substan-
tially in the Army of the United States, men
who form part of the land forces of the United
States within the meaning of the Constitution,
men who are subject to military law, men over
whom the criminal law of Ohio has no sway
whatsoever, men who pay no taxes to Ohio,
are under no obligations to perform duties to
that State; whether you shall take those men,
coming from all the States of the Union, and
of this migratory class described by the man-
agers of the institution itself, who again and
again call them vagabonds, leading a vagabond
life, doling out doleful tunes from a hand-
organ in the streets, for the benefit, not so
much of themselves as of the birer of these
poor instruments of music ; whether you shall
take men whom they describe in that way, and
in order to give fifty or one hundred of them
the right to vote in Montgomery county, Ohio,
shall override the constitution of that State
and the Constitution of the United States.
But I have said, sir, that if you pass this bill
in the form in which my colleague proposes to
amend it you will in effect destroy your insti-
tution. I know very well that the bill provides,
and that is an objection to it, "that noth-
ing in this act contained shall be construed to
impair the powers and rights heretofore con-
ferred upon the board of managers of the
National Asylum for Disabled Soldiers, incor-
porated under said act, in and over said terri-
tory." Nothing shall be construed to impair
their rights. That makes the bill a perfect J'elo
de sc. That thing cannot have effect and the
body of the bill have effect; that is perfectly
clear. If you cede this land back to the State
of Ohio, then the laws of Ohio that moment
are extended over the whole of it; then for
every offense committed on that territory the
party is subject to indictment in the criminal
court of Montgomery county; then all the
State process, civil and criminal, runs there,
not only in respect to offenses committed else-
where, but in respect to offenses committed
right there; then your power to try these menjjy
martial law, your power to exempt them from
the jurisdiction of the criminal courts and try
and punish them by martial law that instant
ceases.'
Now, I want to know how you can sustain
such an institution at all if you remove from
this board of managers the power which they
now have. How can you do it? If these peo-
ple are to be incorporated into the mass of the
people of Ohio, if the power of the managers
is to be taken away from them, as it must be
by their becoming a part of the citizens of Ohio
and entitled to every right that every citizen
of that State has, wherever he may reside, I
want to know what control this board of man-
agers can have over them.
Senators, I pray you to consider this well.
This charity was a noble design. It was a
design worthy of the country. It has been so
regarded, and I trust will be so regarded. Its
importance as a charity outweighs a hundred
times the question whether twenty-five or fifty
of those men, on the limited construction put
by my colleague upon the law, shall be entitled
to the right to vote. I pray you, before you
destroy this great charity which you hope to
see, no doubt, redound to the honor of the
country as Greenwich does to England, as the
Hotel des Invalides does to Prance; I pray
you, before you destroy this charity in the vain
attempt to get a few more votes in Montgomery
county or in that congressional district, to con-
sider the subject thoroughly and well. I have
done my duty in respect to it. The decision is
with you.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I am rather
surprised that my colleague should waste so
much learning on a question which, it seems
to me, is very simple in its principles. He has
discussed a great, variety of questions that have
very little to do with this matter; they are not
germane to it.. Nearly all of my colleague's
argument is easily avoided by a reference to
the simple proposition we have before us.
My colleague commenced by a eulogy upon
the supreme court of the State of Ohio. There
was no occasion for that eulogy, because no
one had assaulted the supreme court of the
State of Ohio. No one had said anything
against the judges of that court or about them.
On the contrary, I have reason to believe that
at least a majority if not every judge of the
supreme court of Ohio is anxious that this bill
should pass so that these soldiers may be tested
in their right of suffrage by the same law and
rule by which any other citizen or resident of
Ohio is tested. They no doubt honestly, in
construing the laws, gave a judgment which
has had the result of depriving these soldiers
of the right to vote; but they did it not be-
cause they desired that result, but because their
vievs of the effect of the alleged cession from
the State of Ohio to the United States was that
it excluded all who resided in the ceded land
from the right to vote.
Now I think, with all due deference to the
opinion of that court and of my colleague, that
the supreme court erredin this decision. They
erred by assuming as a fact a thing that never
existed. The supreme court assumed that this
land was deeded to the United States of Amer-
ica. So far as the papers show, so far as the
records show, it does not appear that any ref-
erence was made to the title; but it was assumed
as a matter of fact, without any reference to
the deed or to the records, that the land was
conveyed directly to the United States under
that provision of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States which authorizes the United States
to acquire lands, with the assent of the State,
for arsenals, dock-yards, &c. Assuming that
fact, without so far as the records show any
proof whatever of the title, they say that the
logical effect of that cession of land for a mili-
tary purpose was to give to the United States
exclusive jurisdiction. And then, following the
line of precedents in regard to forts, arsenals,
aud navy-yards, they say that the effect of a
residence upon that district is to deprive the
citizen living there of the right to vote.
That was the decision of the supreme court
of Ohio; but the fact does not turn out as they
assumed. The United States has no title to
this land. It is true the United States has
furnished the money to pay for it; it has organ-
ized a corporation, and the purchase was by
this corporation organized under the laws of
the United States. But docs that give the
United States title? Not at all. Every bank-
ing corporation in the United States, and there
are sixteen hundred of them, is organized
under the general laws of the United States.
Every one of them holds the title to land; every
one of them exercises the power and right to
control that land, and use it precisely like in-
dividuals use it. Why, sir, the United States
itself buys and sells land in every State in the
Union ; not only buys it by the authority con-
ferred by the Constitution of the United States
to purchase it for arsenals and dock-yards, but
buys it for private purposes and sells it again.
The Secretary of War has frequently purchased
