1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1345
secession of his State, and he was responded
to in that convention simply by the reading of
a paragraph from the New York Tribune,
which was as much as to say that they had
nothing to apprehend from the North if they
decided to go out of the Union, because here
was one of the leaders of the Republican party
of the North announcing to them that if they
desired to go out they could do so, and had as
much right to do so as our forefathers had to
separate themselves from the mother country.
Mr. HOWARD. May I ask the Senator
from Missouri whether, in his opinion, the
paragraph in the New York Tribune to which
he refers was a justification, in whole or in
part, for the treason of Mr. Stephens?
Mr. BLAIR. I will reply that I do not con-
sider that anything justifies treason, and I do
not think the conduct of the secessionists of
the South justified that traitorous expression
of opinion on the part of the Tribune, for I
regard it as traitorous. I say, sir, that it did
as much to discourage the efforts of the Union
men in the South as anything that occurred at
that period. It was simply a declaration which
those accepted, I suppose, and were glad to
accept, who wished to rid themselves of the
Union, that they might go out in peace, that
they would not be pursued, that war would
not follow their step; and this did a great
deal to prevent resistance on the part of the
Union men at, the South at the time to the
establishment of the de facto government to
which they were subjected.
I hold the doctrine that the Government was
bound to protect its citizens, bound to assist
those at the South who desired to maintain
the Union, and that it should not have aban-
doned them to their fate, as the Government
actually did do. I refer to it merely to say
tliat after it permitted an arbitrary de facto
government to be established without inter-
fering with it, and that government resorted
to compulsory measures upon the citizens to
compel them to go into its armies and to
maintain the cause of secession, it ought not
to be surprised that many men who, at the
beginning, desired to sustain the Union, found
that it was impossible for them to do so. They
found themselves in the power of the de facto
government which we permitted to be estab-
lished over them.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. I want to say  
Mr. COLE. One word ; I shall be through
m a moment. We are near the end of the 17th
of February, near the end of the week, near
the end of the session. Two Sundays will
intervene between now and the end of the
session. - On the 4th of March, from necessity,
this session must cease. Nearly all the appro-
priation bills are still back. The Indian ap-
propriation bill which, we intend to call up
next, will be burdened by an unlimited num-
ber of amendments, and will undoubtedly con-
sume a long time. Now, sir, unless we can
proceed with these appropriation bills without
discussing questions that have no relevancy
whatever to them, like this which has engaged
the attention of the Senate this afternoon, we
certainly cannot get through with these bills
at this session. Senators are determined to
drive us over into another session after the
4th of March for general business.
A former President refused to sign any ap-
propriation bills that were not presented to
him three days before the end of the session.
The bills oughtall t<fbe presented to the Presi-
dent at least three days before the end of the
session. It will be, as Senators see, impossible
to present them before about the last hour of
the session, the way this debate is going on.
The Senate are responsible for this; and if they
choose to indulge in this sort of indiscriminate
:debate upon every question that may happen
<to arise or may be thought of in connection
with an appropriation bill or that may be upper-
most in the minds of Senators, under the rule
41st Cong-. 3d Sess.—No. 85.
of the Senate, that anything may be moved as
an amendment to an appropriation bill you
can all see the dilemma this body will be in
before we reach the end. I hope the Senate
wiil let us come to at least a vote upon this
bill, that we may get through with it to-night,
and that we may then attack some other of
the very long and difficult bills that are yet
before us.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, one word
further, in reference to a matter introduced
by the Senator from Missouri affecting a lead-
ing journal in my State. That there may be
no misunderstanding about the position of the
Tribune—for I feel a little sensitiveness as
well as some pride in that matter—I will now
give, as well as I can, the exact language of
the article to which the honorable Senator
from Missouri has referred. In a word, it was,
" If upon submitting the question fairly and
freely to the people of the country they should
vote to let the South go, then let them go
but it never acknowledged the right of seces-
sion.
Mr. COLE. I did not resume my seat; I
have a word to add.
Mr. BLAIR rose.
Mr. COLE. I will yield to the Senator from
Missouri for a reply.
Mr. BLAIR. I simply wish to say that what
the Senator from New York has stated is not
according to my recollection of the language.
Mr. COffE. If the design on the part of
Senators is to crowd these bills into the very
last hours of the session in order to attach to
them all the other legislation of the body, they
are now pursuing exactly the course to accom-
plish that end. That is something which I
presume many Senators will be glad to avoid.
I do not say that this is the object of Senators,
but the tendency of the business of the body
is to that very end, to load down these appro-
priation bills at the last of the session with
all the obnoxious measures that are presented
during the session.
Mr. BAYARD. I rise to a point of order.
I think the honorable Senator from California
is delaying the passage of the appropriation
bill by speaking more than twice upon the same
subject. [Laughter. ]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California has resumed his seat.
Mr. WILSON. I do not rise for the pur-
pose of engaging in this debate. I have sat
here and listened with what patience I could
to this long discussion of matters that have
little reference to the bill; but I rise for the
purpose of asking the Senator who has charge
of the bill, after making so much progress as
he has to-day, if he will not now yield to me
the next two hours to call up bills reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs, which
were assigned for to-day. [Laughter.]
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, there
is no use of being in a hurry. This is one of
the most interesting debates I have listened to
this session. Sir, it does my heart good, it
makes my soul happy, as I am about to retire
from the Senate of the United States, never
more to be a member of- this body, to find
myself at last a patriot. The_ doctriue which
has been to-day so ably and so eloquently
advocated by a late major general of the Army
of the United States, and which has given such
alarm to the loyalists on this floor, was the
doctrine which I—then, I believe, the youngest
member of this body—-announced in 1882 on
this floor in behalf of the southern people,
that allegiance and protection were reciprocal,
and that where protection was not afforded
allegiance was not due; and that there was
no rebellion, no sedition, no insurrection, con-
troverting the language of Mr. Lincoln, unless
you afforded protection and in defiance of
your protection and discarding your protec-
tion those people raised the standard of revolt.
I recollect, sir, then, how this loyal press
and how this loyal party, now called Repub-
lican, made me a disloyalist, made me a dis-
unionist; and, though an humble citizen, com-
ing from one of the smallest States of this
Union, I was heralded as a seditionist and a
traitor. I have lived, sir, to see the day, before
I retire from this Senate, when I hear a late
distinguished major general in the Army avow
that that doctrine is true, when I see one of
the old war-horses of loyalty rising upon his
feet and proclaiming my vindication.
Seeing the effect which such a shot as that
must have upon his party, coming from a
source that nobody can question as to purity of
intention, loyalty of sentiment, or patriotism
of heart, I take pride to myself. I shall tell
my children when I go home that their father's
character is vindicated. No longer shall it
be said that because he announced a sound
principle of law, one which every lawyer then
knew if he had consulted his books and his
judgment and not his prejudices was sound,
he is disloyal! Their father has lived long
enough to witness the full vindication on the
floor of the Senate of his loyalty, his patriot-
ism, his devotion to the country, his devotion
to law, and to common sense. I hail it for
the good of the people of the United States,
not 011 account of the humble source from
which the first utterance was made on this
floor, but on account of its being indorsed by
high patriotic military authority. Let those
noble men of the South, however erroneous
may have been their action, tell to their chil-
dren that their fathers were not traitors, that
treason does not adhere to their garments,
that the stain of treason was not on the soul
of the father, and that it is not transmitted to
the son.
Sir, the principle here announced to-day is
older than you or me. It is the principle
of law and the principle of common sense.
Allegiance and protection are reciprocal. If
you believe it, wipe out all these acts about
punishing treason and rebellion, and, confis-
cation of estates, repeal your confiscation
laws and every law that attempted to visit
upon these gallant, noble people of the South
the consequences of treason for following
that which here a late distinguished general
in the Army of the United States announces
to be law, and which is law, and which every
man in this body knows to be law. Blot all
these out. Do not undertake to punish them
for adhering 'to that sound principle of law,
recognized under every civilized Government
before this was a Government and since this
has been a Government; and instead of talk-
ing about treason and rebellion, just say this,
and you will meet the question properly : " we
Republicans had a controversy; we wanted to
get power; we would do anything to gain it.
To promote our interests we wanted a suffi-
cient number of States to go out so that "we
might have the majority. We thought by sum-
moning seventy-five thousand men we could
inarcli through your country and drive you
into the Gulf of Mexico. We did not knowyour
spirit; we did not know your strength ; we did
not know our own. We had a game of political
hap-hazard. You did what you believed to be
right, and we did what we thought to be our
interest. You made a very great mistake and
we had a job on our hands of far greater mag-
nitude than we supposed we had. Ultimately
we succeeded, and the consequence is the Con-
stitution is destroyed ; all the rights of the
citizens to life, liberty, and property are almost
destroyed ; the very Constitution made by our
fathers is so changed that if they were to arise
from the dead they would not recognize it.
And now that we have all been mistaken, let
us quit; behave ourselves in future ; let us
restore things to what they were." If you
will do that, you will act in the spirit which
you know ought to govern men in a trans-
action of this kind. Let us come together
and be friends; have no quarreling; let us
restore our Government to what our fathers
