1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
My colleague says they are poor. Certainly
they are poor. How could they get there un-
less they were poor? They must show that
they are not able, on account of their disabil-
ity, to support themselves in order to obtain
admission into the asylum. But, sir, are other
poor people excluded from the right to vote?
Are other immoral people excluded from the
right to vote? Are others who waste their sub-
stance excluded from the right to vote ? Why
should you apply a rule to these soldiers that
you do not apply to others? Why, sir, I have
seen the poor-house in my own county emptied
that the inmates might vote the Democratic
ticket. Persons in that condition were brought
up to vote, and no one objected to it, because
they had the right to vote.
Why, then, shall we so frame the laws of
Ohio and the United States that, without the
intention of either party, these soldiers alone
shall be deprived of the right to vote V Why
are tests to be applied to them that are not
applied to other citizens? Sir, there is no
ground or reason for it. The same law that
applies to other persons in Ohio ought to be
applied to these soldiers. If any one of them
has not lived in the State of Ohio one year he
cannot vote. If any one of them has not in
every respect the requisites provided by lav/
he cannotvote. Thereare some soldiers in that
home who were born in Montgomery county.
There are in it men who enlisted from every
county in our State. They go there merely to
eke out the pittance that is granted to them as a
pension. Some of them are without families.
Some of them have families who are left at
home. They go there because, on accouut of
their disabilities, they have not the means to
support themselves. Why should they not
vote?
My colleague would create the impression,
by having that report read, that the great mass
of these soldiers were immoral men, drunkards,
and the like. Why, sir, the report of General
Butler shows that only a small portion of
them have been guilty of the offenses charged
in that report; and yet my colleague seeks to
apply this criticism of General Butler, to the
whole mass of these soldiers. I have been to
this asylum many times. 1 have no doubt my
colleague has been there. I believe there are
about eleven hundred of these so.ldiers, all told,
and about three hundred of them who, by the
law, are entitled to vote in the State of Ohio.
I must say that they are as moral, as upright,
as correct in their deportment as any equal
number of tnen to be found anywhere else in'
the State of Ohio. I have no doubt that out of
this eleven hundred there may be ten, twenty,
or thirty men of bad habits, vicious men, men
who would be guilty of what General Butler
says some of them have been guilty of; but to
apply this criticism in regard to a few to the
whole mass of these soldiers would be mani-
festly unjust. Perhaps others who now hear
me have been in that asylum. There can be
no gross immorality there; there can be no vice
there. It is conducted with admirable care
and attention, not only to the material, but the
moral interests of these old soldiers. This
criticism of General Butler in regard to a few
of them might bo applied to a like proportion
of the same number of persons in any condition
of life, from the highest to the lowest.
But my colleague says these soldiers are
subject to the Rules and Articles of War, and
therefore ought not to vote. Why, sir, he
boasts (which I must confess I heard for the
first time to-day, with some surprise,) that he
himself drew the first provision of law which
gave to the soldiers in our late war the right
to vote. I had the impression that his political
associates were opposed to that measure.
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir; it was passed
by a unanimous vote of the Democratic State
convention of 186'2.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know there was some
opposition, a very formidable opposition in
Ohio, to the soldiers having the right to vote;
and_ I never heard of a Republican who voted
against it, or was opposed to it. . But I take
my colleague at his word.
Mr. THURMAN. If my friend will allow
me, that very resolution condemned a Repub-
lican majority in the Legislature of Ohio, a
large niajority in both branches, for voting down
a bill introduced by a Democrat to allow the
soldiers to vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think, sir, it yill turn
out, if you examine into that matter critically,
that, while some persons in the Democratic
party may have thought the soldiers ought
to have the right to vote, yet they were never
willing to grant it in such a way as to do the
soldiers any good. So far as 1 know, every
Republican was in favor of the soldiers having
the right to vote. But my colleague says he
was in favor of conferring upon the soldiers
the right to vote. Were not those very soldiers
at that time under duty as soldiers, and, there-
fore, by law, under the Itules and Articles of
War?
Mr. THURMAN. If my colleague will allow
me to interrupt him, he misapprehends my
argument. I was not saying that because these
men were subject to martial law, therefore they
should not have the right to vote. I adduced
the fact that they were subject to martial law
as one of the proofs that they were to be re-
garded as belongingto the Army of the United
States, and that, according to the constitution
of Ohio, as they belonged to the laud forces of
the United States, they could not, by residence
in this asylum, acquire an inhabitancy in that
State and become citizens thereof.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the ques-
tion of their being subject to the Rules and
Articles of War has no weight whatever in this
argument. There are hundreds of people now
in the State of Ohio who have the right to
vote, just as nsy colleague and I have, and yet
by law they are under the Rules and Articles
of War. Any person mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States, any person mus-
tered into the service of the State when called
into the service of the United States, every
officer of the Army, every officer of the Navy,
every employe connected with the various
branches ot the military service, including con-
tractors, purveyors, commissaries, and others,
is subject to the Rules and Articles of War.
But does that exclude any one from the right
to vote? My colleague says that General
Sherman eould not Vote in Indiana. Why?
Because he does not reside in Indiana. But
he has tha right to vote just as any other citi-
zen has. Every officer of the Army and every
soldier has the right to vote in the place of
his residence. But when he is under orders,
marching hither and thither, he cannot ac-
quire a residence by simply obeying his orders.
This is the uniform decision of our courts ; but
these decisions rest merely upon the fact that
he is acting and moving in obedience of and
subject to the order of superior authority; and
therefore he cannot acquire the right to vote.
Residence with him is an involuntary act. He
is deprived of the right to vote because he is
subject to an order that may carry him at any
moment away from the place of voting.
But how is it with these old soldiers? They
are there masters of themselves, free to come
and go. They assume their obligations in that
asylum as a mere voluntary act. They are not
bound to go there. They can only go there on
their own application; and when tbey choose
to go away there is no power to prevent them.
For their protection, and in order to introduce
the military dicipline into the asylum which
they had become subject to in the Army, there
is this provision in the law;
" That all inmates of the asylum shall be, and they
are hereby, madesubjeet to tho Kales and Articles
of War, and will bo governed thereby in the same
manner as if they were in the Army of the United
States."
That is a sanitary and a proper military reg-
ulation of a purely military asylum.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question upon that point for
information simply, as I want to get at the
points about this matter, if I can?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. If that be so, and those
men are not regarded as in the Army in the
sense that tbey are subject to any orders, and
if, also, the United States has no jurisdiction
over that territory within the meaning of the
Constitution, what validity has that act of Con-
gress? Must not that act of Congress rest upon
ihe constitutional provisions which authorize
Cong ress to legislate over territory which had
been acquired for public buildings?
•Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. There is no
limit to the power of Congress to appropriate
money to any object that will fairly tend to
the execution of its express grants of power.
We grant pensions. Where is the authorty
to grant pensions ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I speak of that p.o-
vision of the law which says that these it,en
shall be subject to the Rules and Articles of
War. If they have not subjected themseh es
to the Rules and Articles of War by enlistment
into the service, so as to be a part of the Arn y,
and if they are not resident upon territory
over which Congress can, under the Constitu-
tion, legislate, what authority is there for ns
to say that they shall be subject to the Ru iss
and Articles of War?'
Mr. SHERMAN. I will leave others to
answer that. I do not care what is the effi ,ct
of our act upon this provision of law. }Siy
appearance in this matter is not to maintiin
the military organization of this asylum; aid
if one of the incidental effects of the passage
of this bill should be to relieve it from some
of the arbitrary military features which have
been introduced into the asylum I should say,
God speed it. I have no desire to see military
authority maintained anywhere in the State of
Ohio, except where it is necessary to assert
the lawful authority of the United States.
But it was evidently not the intention of
section nine, which applies to the government
of this asylum the Rules and Articles or War,
to deprive these soldiers of any right which
they would have without that ninth section.
The act was passed on the 21st of March,
1866, and in 1867 the State of Ohio, in sur
rendering jurisdiction to the mile square that
was bought for the asylum, expressly reserved
the right of these soldiers to vote, and the
United -States accepted the cession upr\n
the condition imposed upon it. It has no
jurisdiction there except under and by virtie
of the law of 18G7, passed one year after tl is
law took effect, and that law, that cessic ti,
which was accepted by the United States, t ig
sole foundation of its authority to exere: fe
jurisdiction, expressly reserved to these m ;n
the right to vote in the same way as any oth i:r
citizens living in the State the requisite tii le
and having the requisite qualifications for t
right to vote.
My colleague, not as a threat exactly, but
a warning, said that if this land were eedsd
to the State of Ohio, Ohio might defeat tiie
trust. Well, sir, if the Congress of the Uni-
ted States are legislating with any fear th fit
Ohio will defeat the trust to the old soldiets
there, or that any portion of the people c f
Ohio desire to defeat the munificent benefits
granted by this charity, they are greatly mis-
taken. I have no doubt that in any condition
of affairs Ohio will always take pride in this
institution, and you may be sure that any
authority conferred upon or surrendered to
the State will be guarded with as much care
for these old soldiers as the United States
itself or any portion of the people of the
United States could exercise.
This asylum is already one of the favored
institutions of our State. It has been bene-
fited by local legislation. Although I think
j no law was necessary, yet it is expressly ex-
empted from taxation, because the constitution
of the State of Ohio declares that public ehari-
