1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1961
acres of land in the State of Louisiana? Yet,
here it is, in this report of a committee of con-
ference urged upon us to-day, the very last day
of the session. We are virtually told that un-
less we accept this Louisiana enormity we
cannot have at this session the ^reat southern
trunk road, which every one is for, because it
is a national necessity, and nowhere more than
on our Pacific coast.
I do not mean to delay the vote. I prefer
to pass by many other topics of interest that
are in my mind. If I have spoken at all it
was mainly to justify my right as a Senator
to understand the conference report before
I voted on it, yea or nay. Am I not entirely
justified ?
The discussion I have had shows that never
was there a report or a bill that more required
to be examined and understood before vot-
ing. The two Senators of the conference,
one from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] the other
from Louisiana, [Mr. Kellogg,] who have
been the champions of this conference trans-
action, did not themselves understand their
own report. They did not know that the Sen-
ate provision against a fraudulent ring in the
company had been by an adroit omission of
two words turned into a sanction of such a
ring. The provision for locking up five million
acres of land in an old State like Louisiana for
eight or any greater number of years tells its
own story.
Now, sir, such was the bill and such the report
which a majority of this Senate by a deliberate
vote to-day refused me and others the oppor-
tunity to read ; which this Senate by a deliberate
vote required me to vote upon, yea or nay,
without the possibility of understanding it.
Sir, when was that great right ever before denied
exccpt upon measures brought forward and
carried through in the interest and the heat of
party? I do not refer to them. They are
exceptions to all rules, it seems, whether of
constitutional provision, of parliamentary dis-
cussion or regulation, or of common fairness.
But., sir, never before, on a bill which was not
of such a character, was the poor right of
inspecting it before voting refused by a delib-
erate vote of this body. This very morning
the right was readily conceded in regard to the
conference report that immediately preceded
this, on the suggestion of a single Senator.
Yet the very Senator who then obtained that
right for the asking voted against the same
right in regard to this report of the confer-
ence committee, which it now seems the Sen-
ators who brought it here did not understand
in one of its most vital provisions. Such is
senatorial consistency. Such is the temper
of the majority here when dealing with meas-
ures of very high, if not the highest, conse-
quence.
I say now what I have said from the first.
This measure is of national importance. It
is of very great interest to the whole coun-
try, and most of all to the southern States
and to my own State of California. Yet I,
standing here as a Senator from California,
the one State which more than any other
is directly affected by this conference report
and bill, was denied by a deliberate vote of
the Senate the right to examine them. Not
even ten minutes were allowed me. Yet here
is a bill reported which has, somebody knows
why and how, a provision in it which utterly
perverts our Senate provision for the complete
prevention, as far as statutes can, of thefraud-
nlent rings that have brought so much loss on
one railroad company and so much general
discredit upon thecountry at home and abroad.
Yet I was denied time to examine what had
become of that provision. Senators of States
remote from this great line of railroad, whose
interest in the subject is certainly infinites-
imal compared to the interest of the State that
sent me here, who knew nothing themselves of
the most important, features of the report,
voted to compel me to act upon it without the
possibility of my understanding it any better
than themselves. But, sir, it has so happened
that the majority here has not succeeded in
forcing nae to vote upon the conference report
without knowing what it was. During the
debate which has intervened since, I have had
time to examine and understand the bill as
now reported. I am ready to vote.
From the first I have been for a great south-
ern trunk road to the Pacific. As the line of
the thirty-second parallel seemed to be that
most favored by the States of the South, I
was for that. It may have had more efficient
friends here ; it had not one more sincere. I
may be permitted to doubt whether it has had
one whose friendship was more intelligent or
judicious.
It is no fault of mine that the bill for the great
trunk railway to the Pacific did not become a
law last session. Senators will bear me wit-
ness on this point. When the bill was here
last session I saw, as I thought, very clearly
the gross error committed by Senators of the
majority, acting here as the special champions
of the trunk road. That error was in fasten-
ing upon the trunk road seven, eight, or nine
branches, all of them calling for lands ; some
of them to a very great extent, even in States
on the other side of the Mississippi river as
well as upon this side. At that time I warned
the Senators from the southern States that
they were risking the bill, at least for the
session, by the fastening on the trunk road of
a swarm of side roads, so endowed with lands.
Almost the very words I uttered here were
that the main trunk had no opponents in the
Senate; that it was strong enough to go
through of itself; that the side roads were a
dead weight upon it; that if they eould be, as
they should be, lopped off, the bill would pass
this body in less than forty minutes, and the
House within a few days, and become a law
before the end of the session ; but that the
excrescences of the branch roads with their
land grants were endangering the main trunk
most inexcusably. What I said proved true.
The side roads were not lopped off. They
had too fast a hold. The bill was passed with
them all upon its back, and so went to the
other House. There it lay stranded for months.
It was not, I believe, until the last week of
the last month that the votes could be obtained
in the House to pass the bill, though freed
wholly from its excrescences. Now, on the
last day of the session, it is here again, from
a conference committee, not altogether as it
should be, but still a much better bill in most
respects than as it passed the Senate last
session.
I need not repeat my judgment of the value
of this southern trunk road to the Pacific.
For your whole country this side of the Rocky
mountains it is a great national measure. For
our Pacific coast, and most especially for Cali-
fornia, it is a measure of paramount import-
ance. I have been its fast friend from the
beginning. I shall not be less its friend now,
though 1 could wish some things otherwise
than as they are. I have vindicated my right
in this case, as a Senator from California, to
read and understand this report and bill before
I voted on them.
Having done that as fully as I deem needful,
in view of the interests of this bill now hang-
ing on the edge of the session, I say now,
what I have said in conversation to many Sen-
ators since the conference report was taken up,
that I do not mean by any further discussion
of mine in any way to endanger the passage
of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the report of the committee of
conterence.
The report was concurred in.
message i'rom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate ;
A bill (IT. R. No. 3075) granting a pension
to Tryphenia Thompson;
A bill (H. R. No. 3079) granting a pension
to Margaret Miller ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3080) granting a pension
to Catherine Dillon ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3081) granting a pension
to Unity Welsh.
A bill (H. R. No. 3082) granting a pension
to Jerome E. Campbell; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 470) construing
the act of July 14, 1870, entitled "An act to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,"
so as to provide for the admission of animals
specially imported for breeding purposes free
of duty from the Dominion of Canada.
The message also announced that Mr. O. D.
Conger of Michigan had been appointed a
conferee in place of Mr. E. C. Inoersoll of
Illinois, excused, on the bill (H. R. No. 3036)
making appropriations for the repair, preser-
vation, and completion of certain public works
on rivers and harbors, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 493) for the relief
of George Wright.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a resolution for the print-
ing of extra copies of the report of the Super-
intendent of the United States Coast Survey
for 1870.
order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses. The
Chair desires to state to the Senate the condi-
tion of its business. There are now six appro-
priation bills in conference or reported. On
five of them the conferences have been asked
by the House of Representatives, and there-
fore, by the parliamentary law, that House can-
not act upon them until they have been acted
upon in the Senate, this body being the body
that granted the conference. The recess will
occur in about three quarters of an hour from
this-time.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the assent of the
Senator from California, [Mr. Coj.e,] who is
absent on a committee of conference, I move
that the Senate resume the consideration of
the conference report, on the Post Office appro-
priation bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I rise to a question as to
the order of business. I move that the order
for a recess to-day be rescinded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Rhode Island,
that the order for a recess from half past four
to half past seven o'clock to-day be rescinded.
Mr. CAMERON. I suggest that instead of
doing that we shorten the recess, and provide
that it shall be for an hour and a half or two
hours. ["Oh, no!"] Well, suppose we make
it one hour, from five o'clock to six o'clock.
That will give us a chance to go out and take
some refreshment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the'Sen-
ator from Rhode Island accept that as a mod-
ification of his motion ?
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir; we can all go
out at different times. There are restaurants
within a few feet of us, where we can get a
very comfortable dinner.
Mr. CAMERON. But during the time we
are out some question in which we are inter-
ested may come up.
Mr. ANTHONY. We shall be where the
pages can come and let us know if we are
wanted to attend to any business. _ We have
now wasted four hours upon this railroad bill,
and there is great danger that the miscel-
laneous appropriation bill will fail. I think
it will fail anyhow.
Mr. CAMERON. I will say to the Senator
