524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to ask the Senator
from Ohio if I correctly understood hiin as
saying that the Legislature of the State of Ohio
had passed an act allowing tko people to vote
who were in this asylum?
Mr. SHERMAN. The State of Ohio, in the
very act of cession of jurisdiction to the United
States, expressly reserved to the soldiers the
right to vote; and in a subsequent law also
gave thern the right to vote. But the supreme
court having decided that the legal effect of
the cession was to exclude them from the ter- ;
ritorial jurisdiction of the State of Ohio, just ;
as if the land was in Massachusetts, the result !
was to render null and void thi3 lav/ giving them !
the right to vote?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Do 1 understand that the ■
supreme courtof the State decided that the act '
of the Legislature of the State was a nullity in j
allowing them to vote. ;
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes. sir; that the condi- I
tion attached to the cession is a nullity. They j
treat the cession of jurisdiction to the United I
States as a valid act, and theu treat the eondi- 1
tion as a nullity.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not wish to partici-
pate in this discussion ; in fact, I do not know !
that I understand the merits of the question ; <
but I must confess that I am somewhat in the !
condition of the Senator from Delaware. It
is exceedingly difficult for me to understand
this bill and what it will accomplish in case it i
is passed. While it proposes to do a certain ;
thing it seems not to do it. One part of the j
bill proposes to cede jurisdiction and title; ;
another part of the bill seems to withhold that j
same juiisdiction and title. I should like to ;
know exactly what this bill will accomplish |
when it is passed. If I can understand that, !
then I shall be prepared to vote 011 it one way .
or the other, but, taking the bill upon its face, j
I think it would require a Philadelphia lawyer |
to tell what it means. Certainly it is very 1
ambiguous to my mind. I should like to ascer- '
tain exactly what the effcct will be on these I
soldiers; whether the passage of this bill will j
remove the jurisdiction of the United States ;
and abolish all military rules and regulations 1
applicable to these soldiers. 1
Mr. SHERMAN. In my judgment no. If
the Senator had been here—I do not want to
go over the discussion   1
Mr. WILLIAMS. I was here. j
Mr. SHERMAN. I will repeat that the State j
of Ohio ceded to the LTnited States jurisdiction 1
over this land, but upon certain conditions: !
first, that process, civil and criminal, should !
be coextensive with this territory; second, that !
these soldiers should have the right to vote.
The land was purchased by a private corpora-
tion, organized under the laws of the United
States, from private individuals. The State
of Ohio had nothing to do with that purchase,
never gave consent to the purchase, but sim- |
ply ceded the jurisdiction over that land to the i
United States on certain conditions. ■
Mr. THURMAN. Purchased by a private
corporation does my colleague say?
Mr. SHERMAN. Purchased by that pri- I
vate corporation. I call it a private corpora- |
tion. j
Mr. THURMAN, I venture to say there is
nothing in the lav/ books which will make any-
thing but a public corporation out of this.
Mr. CARPENTER addressed the Senate.
[His speech, when concluded, will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. HARLAN. With the permission of the
Senator from Wisconsin, I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the Consideration of executive
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin yield the floor for that
Motion?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir.'
ANNEXATION' OF DOMINICA.
( The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the mo-
tion, the Chair will present a message from the
President of the United States, in answer to a
resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner.]
The message was read, as follows :
To the Senate of the United States:
I transmit to the Senate, in answer to their reso-
lution of the 4th instant, a report from theSecretary
of State, with accompanying documents, relating to
the proposed annexation of the Dominican portion
of the inland of Sail Domingo.
U. S. GRANT.
Exncrnvi; Mansion, January 16, 1871.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that those papers
be printed, and lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session'.
The motion of Mr. Harlan was agreed to;
and the Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business. After fifteen minutes
spent in executive session the doors were re-
opened, and (at four o'clock and twenty-eight
minutes p. m.J the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OE REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 16, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
representatives fit031 georgia.
Mr. PAINE. I have here the credentials
of four Representatives-elect from the State
of Georgia. I ask leave to present them now,
and I move that they be referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask that the credentials
be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood from
thegentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] that
he desired to present the credentials of the
members-elect from Georgia and ask that they
be now sworn in.
Mr. PAINE. That was my purpose when I
spoke to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would not have
consented to interrupt the morning hour merely
for the purpose of referring the credentials.
Mr. PAINE. I ask leave to explain how it
happens that I now offer the credentials merely
for reference. When I spoke to the Chair I
had just received the credentials, and took it
for granted that they were in the ordinary
form. Upon examination I find that they are
not in the ordinary form, and therefore I
wish to have them referred to the Committee
of Elections.
I The SPEAKER. The morning hour cannot
; be interrupted for that purpose; the papers
j will therefore be returned to the gentleman.
I Mr. PAINE. I will present them after the
morning hour.
order, of brsink^s.
i The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins, at fifteen minutes past twelve o'clock.
| This being Monday, the first business in order
; during the morning hour is the call of States
i and Territories, beginning with the State of
; Maine, for bills and joint resolutions to be in-
| trodueed on leave and referred to their appro-
; priate committees, and not to be brought back
j by motions to reconsider. Under this call reso-
j lutions and memorials of State and territorial
I Legislatures are in order for reference and
! printing.
IIAltLAN 1'. EG'JLESIOX.
| Mr. HALE introduced a bill (li. R. No.
I 2726j granting a pension to Harlan P. Eggle-
; ston ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
I sions.
| removal of action's,
I Mr. PETERS introduced a bill (II. R. No.
! 2727) regulating the removal of actions from
j State to United States courts ; which was read
| a first and second time, and referred to the
1 Committee on the Judiciary.
I COMPENSATION OF CRIERS.
Mr. PETERS also introduced a bill (H. R.
,1 No. 2728) regulating the compensation of criers
! of the United States courts ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
SARAH 1>. WING.
Mr. PETERS also introduced a bill (H. R.
■ No. 2729) granting a pension to Sarah P. Wing,
j;. widowof JohnB. Wing,deceased, lateawagon-
j| master in the eleventh Army corps; which was
jj read a first and second time, and, with the
! accompanying papers, referred to the Oom-
ii mktee on Invalid Pensions.
i1 JOHN R. ERALEY.
Mr. SMITH, of Vermont, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 2730) for the relief of John R.
Braley; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
TESTIMONY IiEFOKE THE DEPARTMENTS.
,| Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
j; 2731) to provide for taking testimony to be used
ji before the Departments; which was read a first
!j and second time, referred to the Committee
! on Revision of the Laws of the United States,
| and ordered to be printed.
ALBERT W. QIUY.
'| Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2732) for the relief of Albert W. Gray;
Ij which was read a first and second time, and
1 referred to the Committee on Patents.
! atlantic and pacific railroad.
!' Mr. BUFFINTON introduced a,bill (H. R.
I| No. 2733) to enable the Atlantic and Pacific
;j Railroad Company to mortgage its road, and
ji to confer certain jurisdiction upon the United
I; States district court for the district of Missouri;
; which was read a first and second time, and
i' referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
!j ALABAMA CLAIMS.
Mr. STARKWEATHER introduced a joint
i; resolution (H. R. No. 452) authorizing the
j! appointment of commissioners by the Presi-
ij dent to ascertain the damage done by the
|: Alabama and other rebel cruisers, with refer-
!j ence to a settlement of the same; which was
j| read a first and second time, and referred to
ij the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
|i 13R0NS0N LIBRARY.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a bill (II. R.
• j No. 2734) for the relief of the Bronson Libra-
|, ry: which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
}| ORDNANCE FOR SOLDIERS' MONUMENTS.
Mr. KELLOGG also introduced a joint res-
;j olution (H. R. No. 453) granting condemned
'! ordnance for a soldiers' monument at Water-
;j bury, Connecticut; which was read a first and
; second time, and referred to the Committee on
'! Military Affairs.
jl Mr. CHURCHILL introduced a joint reso-
|! lution (H. R. No. 454) granting condemned
j; ordnance for a soldiers' monument at Otsego,
j! New York ; which was read a first and second
i! time, and referred to the Committee 011 Mili-
|| tary Affairs.
li DANIEL B. ZIMMERMAN.
Ij Mr. CESSNA introduced a bill (H. R. No.
| 2735) for the relief of Daniel B. Zimmerman,
| late of the ninety-third regiment of Pennsyl-
i vania volunteers ; which was read a first and
;; second time, and referred to the Committee 011
j| Military Affairs.
;| JANE DUI.ANEY.
ji Mr. KELLEY introduced a bill (II. R. No.
ji 273G) granting a pension to .lane Dulaney,
widow of Coloned William Dulaney, "of the
Marine corps; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
PATRICK ll'oUIKE.
Mr. ARCHER introduced a bill (H, II. No.
2737) granting a pension to Patrick McGuire;
