1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1351
(he year ending June 30, 1872, and for other
purposes.
By unanimous consent, the first reading of
the bill was dispensed with.
Mr. DICKEY. I yield twenty-five minutes
to my colleague on the committee, the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack.]
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, in what I
have to say to-day I do not desire to be con-
sidered in the remotest degree inimical to the
Army. No one, I trust, appreciates the great
services it has rendered the country from
time to time more highly than I do, and no
one need be more jealous of all that concerns
its honor than I am. It has been to us a
tower of strength in times of our greatest peril,
and when wisely governed and wisely used no
law-abiding citizen has anyjust cause of appre-
hension on its account. When thus governed
and thus used it constitutes the strong right
arm of the Government, is a shield and a pro-
tection to the citizen, and not an engine for his
intimidation or oppression.
With the Army—the regular army, as we
are accustomed to call it in common parlance—
rests mainly that depository of military knowl-
edge, of military science, from which the mil-
itia of the States are instructed, and which has
given such wonderful efficiency and success to
our volunteer soldiery in all our wars. From
the very nature of things it has been the nucleus
around which all our great armies have gath-
ered. It will, in all human probability, be the
nucleus around which our future armies shall
also concentrate.
With this condition of things confronting
me, Mr. Chairman, I cannot do otherwise than
regard with interest whatever concerns the
prosperity and efficiency of the Army, and I
will not willingly consent to anything that in
ray judgment tends to its degradation or to
bring it into disrepute with the people gen-
erally.
It is because I believe that improper uses
have been made of it in very many instances
of late years, and because those improper uses
are liable at any time hereafter to be repeated,
that I desire to see some amendments made
to the bill we are considering before it shall
finally pass. All concede the necessity and
propriety of using the Army to repel invasion,
to suppress insurrection, or, indeed, for the
lawful prosecution of a war against any bel-
ligerent Power whatsoever. These are pur-
poses for which armies have always been
organized. In addition to these, under our
system the Army may be called upon to act as
a police force or a posse comitatus to aid in
the execution of the laws of the United States,
and on the application of the Legislature of
any State, or of the Executive when the Legis-
lature cannot be convened, may be used in
such State against domestic violence. So far
all parties are agreed, I believe, as to the uses
which may be made of the military forces of
the Government. But, sir, when we go beyond
these heretofore well-defined boundaries we
immediately enter upon debatable ground. A
sharp and very important divergence of views
is at once recognized between the two sides of
this House.
Under the Constitution as it was before cer-
tain recent amendments to it were adopted—
under the old Constitution, if you please—the
Army could not be used' in the execution of
State laws in any matter connected with State
institutions merely, or to suppress domestic
violence even, unless called for by the Legis-
lature, or, when it could not be convened, the
Executive of the State. Such I assume to be
Still the true rule unless there is something in
some one of the last three amendments to the
Constitution which enlarges the power of the
General Government in this respect.
I shall not attempt, sir, to analyze all these
recent amendments in detail. It is not neces-
sary for my purpose to-day, and I have not
now the time if I desired to do so.
The thirteenth amendment confers on Con-
gress the power to prevent slavery or invol-
untary servitude, except in certain cases, from
existing anywhere in the United States. This,
I presume, fairly includes the enactment of
penalties against any one unlawfully attempt-
ing to enslave another and laws for the prompt
discharge of persons under restraint under the
forms of slavery. It certainly does not confer
on Congress any greater power than these.
Any claim of power beyond these is a forced
and unnatural construction of this amend-
ment. Any exercise of power under it beyond
these would, in my judgment, be an usurpa-
tion.
The fourteenth amendment makes certain
provisions concerning citizenship, concerning
the apportionment of Representatives in certain
cases, concerning disabilities, and concerning
the public debt; and then confers on Congress
the power to carry those provisions into effect.
There is nothing in this amendment which can,
by implication even, be construed into any
increase of power on the part of the Govern-
ment in the affairs of a State not in violation
of the express provisions of that amendment.
Certainly no new use of the Army is contem-
plated by it. But, sir, we now come to the
fifteenth amendment, which peculiarly marks
a new era in our Government, and out of
which many of the troubles and abuses of
which I complain seem to have grown. For
convenience of reference in this debate I will
give that amendment entire:
Article XV.
"The right of citizens of the [J nited States to vote
shall not be denied or abridged by the United
States, or by any State, on account of race, color,
or previous condition of servitude.
"The Congress shall have power to enforce this
article by appropriate legislation."
Now, what new power does this article con-
fer on Congress? Why, sir, Congress itself
being restrained from denying or abridging
the right to vote in certain cases is invested
with the power of preventing the States from
denying or abridging this right. This seems
to me to be the plain construction of this
amendment, and all that can be fairly claimed
for it. Then, what does this power imply?
Simply, in my judgment, that when any State
shall attempt, either by law or by an ordinance,
to deny or abridge the right to vote on account
of race, color, or previous condition of ser-
vitude, Congress may interfere to annul such
law or ordinance, and to prevent, if necessary,
its execution; or Congress might, perhaps, in
advance of any such action by any State, or
rather in the total absence of any such action
by any State, provide by a general law restrain-
ing all the States from thus denying or abridg-
ing the right to vote, and enacting certain
penalties in case any such denial or abridg-
ment should be attempted. It is, however,
the official organization of the State, or the
State itself, if you please, on which Congress
must act, and not on the private citizen or the
voter merely.
The inhibition is against the State, and Con-
gress being only authorized to enact appro-
priate legislation under this amendment, can-
not go beyond the general scope of the inhibi-
tion. It is probably competent for Congress
to punish any State officer who might attempt
to enforce a law or ordinance in opposition to
this article, but this has no connection even in
the remotest degree with the enforcement or
non-enforcement of the ordinary election laws
of a State. When a State, either by its legis-
lation or otherwise, conforms to and complies
with the requirements of this fifteenth amend-
ment there is, it clearly seems to me, nothing
in the world for the Government of the United
States to do in the premises. The power
of Congress in this respect is restrictive and
repressive, and not aggressive or obtrusive.
Where there is nothing to do there is nothing
to be done, and that is a sufficient answer to
all opposing theories—tu every other construc-
tion of this last and very important amendment
to the Constitution.
There is, however, another view of this
amendment to which I invite attention, and
that is the purpose for which it was adopted,
as clearly indicated by its phraseology. We
know as a matter of history that the general
purpose was to secure to the colored races in
the different States and Territories the right
to vote on equal terms with white people, and
to this end much time was devoted to and much
attention given to the precise words to be em-
ployed. Well, how was it finally arranged ?
Why, that there shall be no denial or abridg-
ment on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, and nothing more. In
legal effect not a word beyond this; not a word
as to the general qualification of voters, either
as to residence or in any other respect; not a
word as to the manner of conducting elections;
not a word as to whether voters shall be regis-
tered or unregistered; not a word as to any
excess of or illegal voting. No person shall be
kept away from the ballot-box on account of
the race to which he belongs, the color of his
skin, or of having been once a slave; and that
is the whole of it. All else is left precisely as
before. Congress is to provide by appropriate
legislation that there shall be no denial or
abridgment on account of race, color, or pre-
vious dondition of servitude, and when it has
done that, all its power under this amendment
is exhausted. This whole question, then, as to
the power of Congress under this phrase of
"appropriate legislation" is well defined by
the simplest rules of interpretation and is
embraced within really very narrow limits.
No provision of the Constitution is more
familiar to ns than the one which !
"The powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States, respectively, or to
the people/'
This article of the Constitution is as much
in force and as binding upon us to-day as it
ever was at any time since its adoption. Hence
what has not been inhibited to the States by
this fifteenth amendment in regard to suffrage
and elections still remains with the States,
respectively, or with the people.
But, sir, Congress, acting under what seems
to be a claim of power conferred by this
amendment at its last session, enacted a law
purporting to enforce the rights it is intended
to secure. That law was approved May 31,
1870, and is entitled '"An act to enforce the
right of citizens of the United States to vote
in the several States of this Union, and for
other purposes." The first section of this act
merely gives the form of law to this fifteenth
amendment without adding anything to its
efficiency that I can see. It merely reenaets
what is already recognized as the supreme law.
However useless and unnecessary as a statute,
it is clearly within the power of Congress as
"appropriate legislation," and hence binding
on all officers and persons engaged in the exe-
cution of the election laws, both State and
Federal. Every other section of this act which
relates to the elections in the States, or pur-
ports to enforce this amendment, is nugatory
and void in my judgment, for pthe want of
power in Congress to enact such legislation.
These other sections are not "appropriate"
to the object in view. They relate to mere
matters of detail, which have always belonged
to the Slates, and have not yet been taken
away by any amendment to the Constitution, as
I have tried to show. If Congress has power
to take charge of the mere details and machin-
ery of elections in the States for one purpose,
then it may for all purposes, and hence may
take control of all the ballot-boxes entirely,
and thus sweep away all State laws in regard
to elections. The power once admitted, there
is no limit to its exercise, and all else must
be conceded. Ought we then to attempt any
controlling power over State elections at all?
Clearly not, I have to answer. In such an
attempt we not only invade the reserved rights
of the people, but we enter upon a wild career
