1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1963
plain proposition; and I have so much con-
fidence in that proposition that I for one do
not fear to leave it to the judicial department
of the Government. I would not leave it
to that department at all; I would not admit
that there is any such question if I could get
the bill without it; but raiher than lose the
bill I am willing that that question may be
submitted to that department for decision.
And there is some importance in it. There
are various decisions upon the question. Where
a Legislature has reserved a right to alter or
repeal a charter, it has been held in a certain
class of cases that where money has been
expended or property invested in pursuance
of the charter any material alteration devolves
upon the State the necessity of making good
any loss to stockholders; but these will be
found, I think, without exception, to be cases
in which the power to repeal or alter the char-
ter was coupled with the limitation that such
alteration or repeal should be made upon
equitable or fair terms to the stockholders, or
without prejudice to the vested rights of the
stockholders—some such phraseology as that.
The phraseology in statutes is very different.
Sometimes the power to alter, amend, or
repeal is coupled with this language: "doing
no injustice to the stockholders;" sometimes
it is: " havingdue regard to the stockholders;''
sometimes: "securing equitable rights to the
stockholders;" and the like. Where those
clauses are found in the section of the act
authorizing its repeal or amendment, courts
have held that there is an obligation to make
reparation if the supreme legislative authority
sees fit to exercise its power to amend or repeal.
But the case is different when the power to
amend or repeal is without qualification, as in
this instance, where the power is expressly
reserved, and reserved for a public purpose,
reserved because the Congress of the United
States had the main object in view, that is to
say, that the navigation of the river should not
be impeded-, should not be obstructed. The
details are all subordinate to that great pur-
pose—the height of the bridge, the width of
the span, and the kind of bridge are all sub-
ordinate to that great purpose—that the navi-
gation of the river shall not be suspended.
That is the great purpose ; the rest is all detail;
and when Congress has put into such an act
the express power to require the plan to be
altered and a power even to repeal the license
altogether, the company takes that license sub-
ject to that condition, and has no right to one
dollar of damages when Congress exercises
that right.
Congress does not prescribe a plan and guar-
anty that the plan will not obstruct navigation.
That is the error of the argument on the
other side. Congress does not profess to know
this subject so thoroughly as to be able with
infallible certainty to prescribe exactly the
height of the bridge or exactly the form of the
bridge, so that it can say " if the bridge be
built in this way Congress guaranties that it
will not obstruct navigation." The whole idea
of the act goes upon a contrary footing ; it
goes upon the footing that Congress itself may
bo mistaken, and that it may find it therefore
necessary, in order to secure the main object,
(an unobstructed navigation,) to change even its
own plans, its own statutes, in regard to the
height of the bridge, or the width of the span,
or the nature of the structure ; and the com-
pany undertakes to build the bridge, it accepts
the license with full knowledge of this condi-
tion, with full knowledge of this right on the
part of Congress to alter its own mind when
it is satisfied that there should be an alter-
ation.
Now, sir, furthermore I know of no case in
any court in which where the power to alter,
amend, or repeal is without limitation, as in
this case, it has been held that there is any
claim on the State which exercises that power
to alter, amend, or repeal. I know of no such
case. Why, sir, we have it now in most of the
constitutions that no charter shall be granted
by any Legislature that is not subject to alter-
ation, amendment, or repeal by the General
Assembly. I know of no case under those con-
stitutions in which it has been held that a State
is bound to make compensation if it'exercises
this power. I have so little fear therefore in
this case of a decision adverse to the United
States that, for one, rather than see this river
blockaded as it will be if this bridge be built in
the way it is being, and to put an end to this
controversy at once, much as I dislike this pro-
vision in the report of the conference commit-
tee, much as I should oppose it if it did not
come from the conference committee, I feel
bound, that the greater object may be obtained,
(an unobstructed navigation of the river,) to vote
to accept the report.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe that
this committee of conference have wholly tran-
scended their power. The provision that they
have incorporated *in the bill was not in the
House bill, and so far as the Senate acted upon
it they acted directly the reverse of what has
been reported by this committee, and on that
ground the report of the committee ought to be
unanimously and instantly rejected.
Why, sir, here is a bridge company with the
right reserved to Congress to modify, alter, or
repeal the law in relation to building the bridge,
and yet it is pretended that we can do no such
thing without paying a fine and a penalty ! Is
that common sense? It may be some sort of
refined law ; but I do not understand it to be
common sense.
It seems to me that the sole object of this
legislation has been to give this company a right
that they have not under any law that we have
passed heretofore. This committee of confer-
ence have gone so far as not only to contem-
plate damages for what we are now doing, but
to give them a right in court that they would
not have but for our action. I think the prop-
osition is wholly monstrous, and I make the
point of order on the report that the conferees
have transcended their power, and the report
ought to be rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont certainly does not desire the Chair
to rule upon that point of order. It is a point
that goes to the judgnent of the body as to
whether they, will agree to the report or not.
It is expressly declared by the Manual that
questions of coherence shall not be decided by
the Presiding Officer.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am surprised that my
friend from Vermont should say that here is a
proposition requiring the bridge company to
raise the bridge 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio if there was anything like the
proposition contained in this report in the
House bill or in the bill as it passed the Senate?
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly. The Sen-
ate put upon this bill an amendment requiring
the Newport and Cincinnati Bridge Company
to raise their bridge. The Newport and Cin-
cinnati Bridge Company say that we cannot
require them to raise that bridge unless we pay
them the cost of doing it. To that wg reply
that they have no legal right to it, but they
insist that this question shall be tried by the
highest judicial tribunal of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes; but
when the question was before the Senate we
voted directly that the United States should
not be responsible.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the very subject for
a conference. The House disagreed to our
amendment because it did not provide some
remedy in the case, and therefore this question
was referred to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States; and let me say here that I would
far rather, for the interest of the Government,
leave this question to be determined by the
Supreme Court of the United'States, under
the carefully guarded language of this amend-
ment, than I would leave it to Congress here-
after upon the question of future appropria-
tions. I believe as the rule is prescribed, as
the points to be decided by the Supreme Court
are prescribed in this amendment, the inter-
ests of the Government will be more safe in
the court to which it is referred than it will be
before Congress at a future session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I agree
in opinion with the Senator from Ohio that
the Government of the United States is not
responsible for any damages that the parties
constructing this bridge might be subjected to
by reason of this change. I think that is so;
but when you pass a law authorizing these
parties to bring a suit against the United
States, and vest your courts with jurisdiction
of that suit, there is an intimation on the part
of Congress that Congress regards it at least
as a doubtful question; else it would not be
submitted. It is an admission on the part of
the United States that it may be liable to
damages in consequence of the change of the
law in reference to this bridge, and the courts
will be very likely so to hold under a law of
this character. The decisions of the courts
will be something like the decisions of the
Patent Commissioner are said to be, when
Congress by act refers to the Commissioner
the decision of an application for the exten-
sion of a patent. I have been told—I have
never looked into the cases myself—that that
seems, as a general rule, to be taken by the
Commissioner of Patents as an intimation that
Congress desires to have the patent extended.
Now, I do not think that the Governmeut is
liable in this case. I am not going into an
argument upon that point; but the question
involved is very similar to questions that arise
in ou&cities in making public improvements,
in changing grades, ana things of that kind.
We all know that individuals are frequently
damaged by the action of the public in mak-
ing improvements in cities and other places,
and that they are without remedy; that is,
they cannot recover any pecuniary recom-
pense for the damages they have sustained in
such cases. We 'all of us hold our property
subject to the right of eminent domain on
the part of the Government, subject to the
right of the Government to construct roads,
subject to the right of the national and State
governments to make improvements of various
kinds in our harbors and rivers; and often-
times these improvements, in their construc-
tion, will incidentally benefit greatly private
parties and in other cases greatly damage
them; and yet the rule of law in such cases,
as I understand it, is not to make compensa-
tion. I think the change of this bridge be-
longs to that class of cases. I do not think
there is any question to be submitted to the
court about the damages.
But, sir, this bill now goes upon the oppo-
site theory. This report of the committee of
conference is based upon the idea that dam-
ages may be recovered in such a case as this.
Hence, the question is submitted to the courts,
and when submitted the courts are to decide
two things: "first, whether the bridge, accord-
ing to the plans on which it has progressed to
the passage of this act, has been constructed
so as to substantially comply with the provis-
ions of the law relating thereto." It has been
asserted that upon that point there is no ques-
tion. How that may be I do not know. It
is very certain, I think, under the law, that
they had the right to construct a bridge with a
draw in it which should be seventy feet above
low-water mark. I think the law authorized
the construction of such a bridge as that, and
such-was the unanimous opinion of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. Whether this com-
pany is constructing such a bridge I have no
means of knowing ; I have never looked into
the testimony to see. It is averred upon one
side that they are building such a bridge, and
on the other that they are not complying with
the law, even if they have a right to construct
a bridge with a draw in it only seventy feet
above low-water mark.
