1964:
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
March 3,
The second question submitted to the court
is " the liability of the United States, if any
there be, to the said company by reason of the
changes by this act required to be made."
Now, in my opinion, there is no liability on
the part of the United States. That is my
judgment about it; but if we pass this bill in
this shape it is an admission on the part of
Congress that there is a question about it;
otherwise it would not be submitted to the
court. Suppose, then, the court decides that
there is a liability, it being a doubtful ques-
tion in the opinion of Congress, else the bill is
not to be passed, what then? Then the bill
goes on to fix the rule of damages, which is
very objectionable. Certainly neither of the
Senators from Ohio, nor any Senator of this
body, will consent to establish such a rule of
damages against the Government of the United
States as is provided in this report of the con-
ference committee. Now, what is the rule of
damages? I will read it:
If the said oourt shall determine that the Unifed
States is so liable, and that said bridge is so being
built, then tho said court shall further ascertain ana
determine the amount of actual and necessary cost
and expenditures reasonably required to be incurred
in making the changes in said bridge and its ap-
proaches. as hereby authorized or required, in excess
of the cost of building said bridge and approaches
according to the plan proposed before the changes
required by this act to be made.
Then the measure of damages is the reason-
able cost of constructing 
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I should like my
honorable friend to tell me what other rule
could be adopted?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will listen
I will tell him why 1 suppose this rule is wrong,
and why, if damages were to be recovered
against the United States, no such ruleshould
be fixed in this law. This provision is that
in case the liability of the United States be
decided the United States shall pay the neces-
sary cost of making tliis change; that is the
substance of it. Now, does not the Senator
from Ohio perceive that the bridge as con-
structed by making this change may be a great
deal more valuable to the company than the
bridge before the change was made? May it
not be a bridge that will be worth twice as
as much to them ? It will certainly be a much
more valuable bridge to them.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me answer that point
now. There is another provision there that
requires the plan of these changes to be sub-
mitted to the Secretary of War for his approval,
and everybody knows the raising of the bridge
itself is a great detriment to the railroad com-
pany.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us see now if the
bridge will not be better to the railroad com-
pany when it is built without a draw, and in this
way, than it would be if it was built with a
draw. I hope the Senator from Ohio will see
my point. A railroad bridge constructed over
a navigable stream with a draw in it is con-
stantly interrupted: men have to be employed
upon the draw ; it has to be opened and shut;
there is danger in opening and shutting it to
the hands employed, and from the character
of the bridge, built with a draw, it cannot be
as substantial. But if you have a bridge built
with a draw, and the Government of the United
States pays the difference of converting it into
a higher and continuous span bridge, does not
theSenator from Ohio see that thecompany get
a bridge that is much more valuable to them?
As a railroad man would he not prefer having
a bridge over any of our navigable streams with
a continuous span and without any draw in it,
that the navigation of the river would pever
interfere with under any circumstances, than
to have one with a draw that had to be opened,
and to run the hazards of accidents on his rail-
road and of collisions?
If this bridge is to be constructed according
to the plan proposed by the committee of con-
ference, then it is to be a bridge one hundred
feet in air withouta draw, under which steamers
shall pass, a permanent structure, with no
necessity for watching it and opening the draw
for every steamer that passes, a very different
kind of bridge; and the entire additional ex-
pense of that bridge, much more valuable to
the company; and not only of the bridge, let
me tell «the Senator from Ohio, but of all
approaches to the bridge is to be paid by the
United States. When you put one hundred
feet in air, reaching perhaps a mile in extent,
five miles the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cameron] tells me, the Government of the
United States binds itself and fixes the rule
and puts it upon the court that they shall pay
the entire expense of all the approaches fo
the river and of making this bridge with a
continuous span. Does anybody tell me that
is a bridge of no more value to the company
when erected than a low bridge with a draw in
it? Why, sir, it is of vastly more benefit to
the company.
But, if you are to establish a rule of dam-
ages, what should it be? - Assuming now for
a moment that the Government of the United
States is responsible for damages at all, which
I deny, what should be the rule? You should
take into consideration the benefit that the
construction of this elevated bridge will be to
the railroad companies over and above the
low bridge with a draw in it; and that should
betaken out of the additional expense to which
these companies are put in its construction.
In my judgment the arbitrary rule of damages
established by this provision is unjust to the
Government. In the first place, I do not be-
lieve the Government should allow itself to be
sued in this way; but if it is, I would lay down
no such arbitrary rule as this by which dam-
ages were to be assessed against it.
Mr. MORTON. The report of this confer-
ence committee accepts the amendment made
by the Senate requiring this bridge to be raised
from seventy feet to one hundred feet above low-
water mark. It requires the bridge to be raised
thirty feet, and consequently the approaches
to the bridge must be raised thirty feet, and
all the freight arid business that pass over
this bridge must be lifted by the company
thirty feet to get on the bridge. That of itself
is a great loss to the company and an incon-
venience. If the rule of damages now asked
for by the Senator from Illinois were adopted,
by which the convenience through a series of
years of a continuous bridge over a draw-bridge
is to be computed, then the detriment through
a series of years resulting from getting upon
this lofty grade and lifting all their business
thirty feet must be computed also. Is it not
obvious that .such a rule of damages would
be perfectly ruinous? It is not recognized, I
undertake to say, by any court or by any au-
thority, because it would require the Govern-
ment to account through a series of years for
the increased trouble and expense resulting
from this increased grade of thirty feet.
Mx\ TRUMBULL. Who pays for thatgrade,
allow me to ask the Senator?
Mr. MORTON. I will come to that. Iam
now speaking of the rule adopted by the Sen-
ator, and I tell him that rule would be ruin-
ous and would cost millions, running through
years. This company has to get trains on to
this bridge by going thirty feet higher; it must
go above the tops of the housfes in the city
of Cincinnati to get to it ; it must suffer great
inconvenience, and it has got to get down on
to a level at a point much beyond that where
they would otherwise be required to be on the
level; and yet, according to the Senator's rule,
we must take that into consideration. Such a
rule of damages would cost millions, and can-
not be adopted, because it is unreasonable.
The Senator says the Government is not
liable for this increased cost. I will not now
discuss that question ; it is not before the Sen-
ate. If.he is right about it, then we incur no
risk by putting this provision into the bill. If
it is so- plain a matter as he insists upon, the
Supreme Court of the United States will never
allow any claim. Why, sir, he manifested more
distrust of the Supreme Court than I ever saw
manifested _ on this floor before. Here is a
plain question, he says; the Government is
not liable, he tells us ; and yet he is unwilling
to submit that plain question to the Supreme
Court of the United States. I am willing to
submit it. I will not argue upon which side
the law is, because that is not now before the
Senate.
Now, sir, upon his own showing, the Gov-
ernment runs no risk whatever by the provis-
ions of this report. Here are three proposi-
tions involved in this report, and I call the
attention of the Senate to them—three distinct
propositions. First, has the construction of
the bridge upon its present plan been by au-
thority of law ? That is the first question. In
doing what they have done have they acted in
accordance with the law? If the Supreme
Court decide that they have not had authority
of law for what they have done, that is the end
of it; it stops right there. But if the Supreme
Court shall find that they had authority of law
for building the bridge as they have, then the
Supreme Court is to decide the next question ;
and what is that? If it has been constructed
by authority of law, has the bridge company
a vested right which entitles it to compensation
for damages caused by requiring a change of
plan ? That may be a very important question.
If that company has a vested right, we have
no right to trample upon it. Whether it has
the vested right of a private individual, or of
a railroad company, or of a very wealthy rail-
road company, makes no sort of difference.
The question is, has the company a vested
right? That is the next question for the Su-
preme Court to decide. If they decide that it
has no vested right, that is the end of it; but
if they decide that the company has, first, built
the bridge according to law, and, second, that
it has a vested right and is entitled to compen-
sation for damages caused by requiring a
change of plan, then we come to the third duty
of the Court; and what is that? That is to
assess the damages; and that brings me to the
question of the Senator.
I submit that the rule of damages prescribed
in this report is the only one that can be pre-
scribed, and that the rule of damages asked for
by the Senator from Illinois would be perfectly
ruinous ; that, upon his own showing, it would
subject this Government in assessing damages
to a computation of the probable injury to
result from an increased grade of thirty feet,
through all time. We all know that increased
grades are elements of constant loss to railroad
companies. When they have to pull freight
and passengers up high grades, it is an in-
creased expense, constantly occurring as long
as the road is operated. If the Senator wants
that element taken into consideration, if Con-
gress should prescribe that rule of damages, I
can assure him I would not vote for it. There
is but one simple rule of damages, recognized
alike bylaw and by common sense, that, if this
company is entitled to compensation at all for
the change of plan required by Congress, that
compensation must cover simply the increased
ex.pense in the construction of the bridge
caused by the change of plan. What else can
there be? If they have a right, as the law now
stands, to go on and build this bridge as they
have started it, and wc require them to put it
thirty feet higher, there is but one simple rule
of compensation, which everybody can under-
stand, that the measure of damages will be
the increased expense. I wish to refer to that
part of the report:
If the said court shall determine that the United
otates is so liable, and that the said bridge is so being
built, then the said court shall further ascertain tho
amount of actual and necessary eo&t—
That is to be determined not by a bill to be
got through Congress in the way bills for dam-
ages are, but to be determined by the court,
according to the rules of law—
the amount of actual and necessary cost and ex-
penaitures reasonably required* to be incurred in
making tae-ehracges in said fewdge and its approaches.
