1352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
of congressional usurpation, the end of which
no man can foretell.
This "act to enforce the right of citizens
of the United States to vote," &c., to which I
have referred, not only makes it the duty of
the district attorneys, marshals, and deputy
marshals of the United States to supervise the
elections in the several States, but also requires
the circuit courts of the United States, from
time to time, to increase the number of com-
missioners who, under them, may exercise
certain limited judicial authority, so that
one may be always conveniently appealed to
when desirable for the arrest and examination
of persons charged with offenses at State elec-
tions. Then follows this remarkable provis-
ion, found in section ten of said act:
"And the better to enable the said commissioners
to execute their duties faithfully and efficiently, in
conformity with the Constitution of the United States
and the requirements of this act, they are hereby
authorized and empowered, within their districts,
respectively, to appoint, in writing, under their
hands, any one or more suitable persons, from time
to time, to execute all such warrants and other pro-
cess as may be issued by them in the lawful perform-
ance^ their respective duties; and the persons so
appointed to execute any warrantor process as afore-
said shall have authority to summon and call to their
aid the bystanders or -posse comitates of the proper
county, or such portion of the land or naval forces
of the United States, or of the militia, a# may be
necessary to the performance of the duty with which
they are charged, and to insure afaithful observance
of the fifteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States;t and such warrants shall run and
be executed by said officers anywhere intheState^
or Territory withiu which they are issued."
Then, by the thirteenth section, it is pro-
vided :
" That it shall be lawful for the President of the
United States to employ such part of the land and
naval forces of the United States, or of the militia,
as shall be necessary to aid in th e execution of j udi-
eial process issued under this act."
It will be thus seen, Mr. Chairman, that
Congress, under the pretense of enforcing this
fifteenth amendment, not only assumes to
supervise and to a great extent control the
elections iu the several States, but it places
the land and naval forces at the disposal of
the President, to assist in this supervision and
control, and that, too, without the consent of
the Legislatures or of the Executives of the
States. Congress thus usurps a power in the
first place and then invites the President to
participate in that usurpation. To that end
it authorizes him to use the Army and the
Navy in aid of that usurped power. But, sir,
this is not all. By an act passed some six
weeks later, approved on the 14th of July last,
I believe, avowedly to amend the naturaliza-
tion laws, itis provided also, (see section six:)
" That in any city having upward of twenty thou-
sand inhabitants it shall be lawful for the marshal
of the United States for the district wherein said city
shall be to appoint as many special deputies as may
be necessaiy to preserve order at any election at
which Representatives in Congress are to be chosen;
and said deputies are hereby authorized to preserve
order at such elections, and to arrest iorany offense
or breach of the peace committed in their view."
This places all the cities of over twenty thou-
sand inhabitants specially in charge of the Uni-
ted States marshals on election days, with a
vastly increased patronage, to be used by them
for good or evil as they choose, in addition to
the general power to be used all over the coun-
try by the United States circuit courts and the
President, as previously provided.
It is bad enough, sir, that the President shall
be authorized to use the land and naval forces
to assist in the execution of these remarkable
and, as I claim, unconstitutional laws. He is,
however, elected by the people, and is respons-
ible to them for what he may do in this respect
as in all other matters devolving upon him. If
the United States circuit judges shall do any-
thing grossly wrong under these laws they can
be impeached by this House, and might be
removed from office. Bat the execution of
these laws concerning State elections, to a
great, extent, devolves upon officers who are
neither responsible to the people nor to Con-
gress. 1 refer to these commissioners ap-
pointed by the courts, and the special marshals
or deputies to be appointed by them under sec-
tion ten of the enforcement act above quoted.
These officers give no bonds, and are under
very few responsibilities of any kind. A cir-
cuit judge, in the midst of his other duties,
on the recommendation of some friend, and
without any special consideration, perhaps,
appoints some person personally unknown to
him a commissioner to regulate the elections.
This commissioner then appoints some per-
son who has perhaps little else to do, a special
marshal or deputy, to serve such process as
may be placed in his hands. This special mar-
shal or deputy can call to his assistance the
land and naval forces of the Government, with-
out the consent of any of the State authorities
elected by or responsible to the people, and,
as I construe it, without the consent of the
President himself, if the forces he desires are
within the reach of such special marshal or
deputy. Thus men unaccustomed to the art
of governing, unused to the delicate responsi-
bilities of high office, are allowed to assume
powers which only Presidents and Governors
used to exercise. They are made to strut
through the brief hour of their official exist-
ence with the power to hurl an armed soldiery
against an unarmed and perhaps unoffending
people, if they choose. Sir, the whole thing is
an anomaly in our Government, and a reproach
to us as a free people. As a whole, it is but
a well-devised scheme, calculated, if not in-
tended, to aid. the party in possession of the
Government in perpetuating its own power.
It is intended as a means of substituting arbi-
trary and irresponsible power in place of the
will of the people.
The very starting point in a free Government
is a free election. Without free elections we
cannot' govern ourselves. When arbitrary
power is used to control an election it'is the
arbitrary power that governs and not the peo-
ple who may go through the form of voting.
This lesson our British ancestors learned long
before our Government was instituted. While
in Great Britain suffrage is much more restrict-
ed than with us yet there the greatest pains
are taken that all entitled to vote may do so
freely and without even the appearance of
intimidation. No troops are allowed in that
country to go outside of their barracks on elec-
tion day, within two miles of any polling place
or precinct. (See act of Parliament, April 23,
1847, 10 and 11 Victoria.) In certain resolu-
tions passed by the House of Commons of
Great Britain, touching the election of mem-
bers of that body, it was among other things
asserted that—
" It is highly criminal in any minister or servant
under the Crown, directly or indirectly, to use the
powers of office to influence tho election of represent-
atives; and that any attempt at such influence will
always be resented by this House, as aimed at its own
honor, dignity, and independence, as an infringe-
ment of the dearest rights of every subject through-
out the empire, and tending to sap the basis of this
free and happy constitution."—Journal, 17, 507.
Shall we be less vigilant in the preservation
of our liberties than the people of Great Britain
are? Ought we not rather, if anything dif-
ferent, to be more so? Greater responsibilities
rest on the people here ; greater results flow
from our elections here than usually do there.
Why, sir, we all remember how indignant
our people often became only a few brief years
since at the very idea of executive intermed-
dling in our elections by the use of patronage
and official influence merely. Why this seem-
ing change in the spirit of the people ? Have
they grown weary with contests and resolved
to submit to every indignity for the sake of
repose, or is it because their attention has been
purposely attracted in other directions?
But, Mr. Chairman, I have of late witnessed
some indications of dissatisfaction with this
extraordinary condition of things which to me
are both significant and encouraging. One of
these encouraging indications is the manner in
which Governor Geary, the Republican Gov-
ernor of the great State of Pennsylvania, in
his recent message to the Legislature of his
State, refers to the use of the Army in State
: elections. I will thank the Clerk to read that
part of the message to which I refer.
| The Clerk read as follows:
" The.employmenfc of United States troops at elec-
tions, without the consent of the local and State
governments, has recently received considerable
attention and reprehension. It is regarded as an
interference with the sovereign rights of the States,
which was not contemplated by the founders of the
General Government, and, if persisted in, mast lead
to results disastrous to peace and harmony. The
practice is one so serious in its character, and so in-
jurious in its tendencies, as to merit prompt con-
sideration and decisive action, not only by the
General Assembly but by Congress. One of tho
complaints of the colonists against the British king
was the oppression growing out of the assumption
of this power. They said: 'He has kept among us
in times of peace standing armies, without the con-
sent of our legislature;' and, what is ej-pecially
pertinent to the casein point: 'He has affected to
render the military independent ot and superior to
the civil power/ The alleged authority for use of
troops at our State elections i3 derived from the
tenth section of an act of Congress, approved May
31, 1870, entitled 'An act to enforce tho right of
citizens of the United State to vote in the several
States of the Union, and for other purposes,' which
authorizes United States marshals to call to their
assistance 'such portion of the land and naval
forces of the United States, or of the militia, as may
be necessary to the performance of the duty with
which they are charged, and to insure a faithful
observance of the fifteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States.'
" But it must be a forced construction of this law
that will justify the presence of armed national
forces at our places of election when no necessity
exists therefor, and where their presence is calcu-
lated to provoke collision. With a good President,
the exercise of the power referred to might have no
injurious results: but in the hands ol a bad man,
governed by personal ambition, U might prove ex-
ceedingly calamitous. Unconsciously a good Pres-
ident might be induced to employ-it wrougfully ; a
bad one would be almost certain to use it ior his
own advancement. Under any circumstances, m my
opinion, it is unsafe, and antagonistic to the princi-
ples that should govern our republican institutions.
At the last October election United States troops were
stationed in Philadelphia ior the avowed purpose
of enforcing the election laws. Tnis was done with-
out the consent or even the knowledge ot the civil
authorities of either the city or the State, and with-
out any expressed desire on the part of the citizens,
and, as far as can be ascertained, without existing
necessity. From a conscientious conviction of its
importance, I have called your attention to this sub-
ject. A neglect to have done so might have been
'■ construed as an indorsement of a measure that meet>
my unqualified disapproval. The civil authorities
, of Pennsylvania have always been, and are still,
. competent to protect its citizens in the exercise of
their elective franchise, and the proper and only
i time for United States milstaiy forces to intervene
: will be when the power of the Commonwealth is
. exhausted and their aid is lawfully required."
1 Mr. NIBLACK. Another of these encour-
j| aging indications to which I have referred arises
out of the failure of these measures to accom-
' plish what their authors expected of them.
The results of the elections last fall were, as a
, whole, both significant and instructive on that
point.
Governor Hoffman, of New York, in his
recent message to the Legislature of that State,
alludes to the same subject at still greater
1 length. He views this policy of the General
j: Government from a different political stand-
point to that which the Governor of Pennsyl-
'i vania occupies, but reaches substantially the
: same conclusion. The Clerk will please read
. the extract which I have indicated.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Since the adjournment of the Legislature the Fed-
' oral Government has assumed to interfere directly,
by its officers and armed forces, with elections in
• this State. The pretext was fear that the right of
; suffrage would in someway be denied to the el.ii-s ot'
, persons upon whom it had been conferred by the iif-
1 teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
; States. It was a mere pretext, for our Scale Leprii—
, lature, at its last session, promptly alteied ourelec-
tion laws to confoim with that amendment soon
as it was declared adopted. Moreover, this class ot
. votershad exercised theirnew i>i;ht fieely and with-
out the least molestation a t our State el eel ion, which
. took place in May last, t 'ongiess nevertheless en-
!j acted a law for the ostensible puipo>e of supervising
j! the election of Congressmen only, and the Pi cedent
,! was authorized to employ the Arm> andXaryto en-
j force certain ot its provisions. Under cover of this
1 act, the President and other United States officials
j: claimed tho right to supervise the entire election,
not only for iiepresentutives m Congress but for
State and local ofheer*.
;! "In the city of New York special preparations were
J made to enfore this claim. A large number of Uni-
j ted States deputy marshals and supervisors were
It appointed, many of whom were men of well-known
