528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Mr. COX. It is not objectionable to any
party.
Mr. DAWES. I object to the resolution
being put on its passage.
Mr. COX.' Very well, let it be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DAWES. I object to its being printed.
The preamble and resolution were referred
t.o the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. DAWBS. I now insist on the regular
order of business. I object to any more unan-
imous consents.
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent has
been granted to members who were not in this
morning when their States were called.
Mr. DAWES. I now call for the regular
order of business,
charges against a mlsmbkr.
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent has
been accorded to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Laj-lix] to have read the memo-
rial of Hugh J. Hastings.
The Clerk road as follows:
To the honorable the House of Reprencntatives:
Thepetition oi J. Hastings respectfully rep-
resents:
Your petitioner is now, and for three vcim last
has been, the editor of a public journal published in
tho city of Now York, and known as the Commercial
Advertiser; and said journal has boon identified with
and known as an organ of tho Republican party;
that during tho samo period there has been pub-
lished in the f aid oitv another journal known as tile
Now York Kvening Express, and which sa id journal
has been ideutilied with and known as an organ of
tho Democratic pai ty. The said last-named journal
is owned and edited by James Buooks and lirastus
Brooks, under tho linn name ot " J.& E. Brooks,"
and tile said James Brooks is a, member of your hon-
orable body. Thesaiii Jamk.s buookswas, in tho fall
of 1870, a candidato lor reelection as a member of
Congress from the city ot New York. In tho course
of tho canvass for such election the journal edited
by your petitioner advocated tho election of the
nomineo of the Republican party, lloorse Wilkes,
esq., editor of the Simitot Iho Tunes,but inso doitis^
did not overstep tho grounds of proper political dis-
cussion and criticism.
Nothing was stated dining tho course of said polit-
ical discussion excopt what your petitioner believed
to be as well tho truth as a. proper subject for edit-
orial notice.
affidavit signed by your petitioner, and prefixed the
samo, with an editorial articlc in the following words:
"A few necessary words; the short meter method
is tho best way of dcaiing with some people, and
will answer in the case of Mr. Hugh J. liasting?,
editor of tho New Yaik Commercial Advertiser.
Unit paper this afternoon contains a blackguard
attack on Mr. Jamiw Brooks, one ol' the editors of
the Express, which is best answered by Uastmga
himself; tlius, Hugh Hasting', us described by him-
self," to which was appended the said alleged affida-
vit, and such allegod affidavit was followed by these
words: ** thirf will bo republished vyhouovor it is
necessary.'' .
Your peiitioner further states that ho never made,
bigned, or verified in any manner or form tho alleged
affidavit so published bv the said Jami:s Brooks,and
never knew or heard that the panic purnortcd to be
eo made, signed, and verified until ho saw the Fame
published in ,i public journal as an affidavit; and
on so .seeing- tho same, joui petitioner immediately
caused to bo published a denial that ho had over
made, signed, or verified .said alleged affidavit or
any affidavit of any kind relating to tho snbjecl-
matter to which said alleged affidavit purports to
relate, baid original publication took placo some
twonty-oiflht years ago in a newspaper published in
the city ot Albany, where your petitioner then ro-
Bideij, and was then known to bo purely illusory and
a fiction, published lor the purposes ol' annoyance ;
and after such publication it parsed into oblivion
until produced at intervals, and finally by the said
James Lrooks. Iho fact of the origin of the said
alleged affidavit, and of its fictitious character, was
as your petitioner believes, well known to the said
j4u&? 1>kooks prior to his publication thereof in
tuft J;.vemns .bxprobs of the 7th of November. 1870.
Yo r petitioner, upon such publication by the
said J l R00i>.s, and believing him to be cogni-
zant ol the ^ritfin ol such alleged affidavit, answered
tho editonal of the said James Brooks hereinbefore
referred to, m what your petitioner believed to be
a becoming and propcrmanner. Subsequently, and
on the 30th ol JSovember, 1870, tho said J ujks
JBkooks published in the Evening Express of that
date another artieloin the words following:
/".Mr. Hugh iia&tings, of the Commercial Adver-
tiser, seeing anxious to have a- personal, not a polit-
ical controversy with Mr. James Urooks. Tho
Express next time will not only republish that
Switch document, but placard it in hand-bills all
over the upper part of iho city."
Your petitionej*, believing that it was his right to
Vindicate himself from the charges thus repeatedly,
wickedly, and maliciously published against him by
the said James Brooks, quoted in his paper of the
1st of December, 1870, the said last-named article
from the Evening Express, and thereto appended
sueu. remarks, with reference to the personal char-
acter and conduct of thesaid James Brooks as were
justified, in your petitioner's belief, by his public
reputation, and in the course of such lemarks stated,
with reference to said James Brooks, as follows:
"We have said that he has availed himself of his
position as a member of Congress to put money in
his pocket; wo repeat it. This is actionable. "We
invite Mr. Brooks to give us a chance to prove it."
The said Jam es Brooks, in his paper of the next day,
namely, December 2, 1870, accepted the invitation
in an article in the following words: "Mr. Hugh Has-
tings. in the Commercial, admits that the Express
cannot reach him by republishing his affidavit or
his (we quote his own description of himself.) 'self-
disgrace and public humiliation!' in which he is
doubtless right; but he has uttered a specific libel
against Mr. James Brooks, which is actionable,
and which ho shall have an opportunity to establish
in a court of law, and, as once before in a case of
libel, now again to confess to 'self-disgrace and
public humiliation.'" This, as your petitioner
believes, terminated for tho time being the journal-
istic controversy. Your petitioner has been griev-
ously injured by Mr. James Brooks, by the public-
ation of the said alleged affidavit, which ho well
knew was fictitious, and with a feeling of just indig-
nation your petitioner made certain charges which
tho public voico asserted were true, and which your
petitioner reasserted his willingness to maintain m
a court of justice, whose process would enable him
to produce those claiming to be cognizant of the
facts alleged. His invitation, as already appears by
tho quotation from Mr. ,J auks Brooks's journal,
was accepted, and thereafter your petitioner quietly
waited for tho " opportunity " to establish in a court
of law tho charges which Mr. Jamks Brooks then
offered to a fiord.
Your petitioner was therefore surprised to find in
tho public journals of\the 31th instant that Mr.
James Brooks had withdrawn his invitation to
your petitioner to meet him in a court of justice,
and, under tho privilege of membership in your
honorable body, had taken occasion, in the absence
of your petitioner, to republish to the countiy the
said iiotuious affidavit, to read the charges made
against him by your petitioner, and in tho placo of
the court of justice which ho had publicly asserlod
to bo his chosen tnburm!, to a^k for a special com-
mittee "'to investigate «tud report at any tune upon
such charges," ai'd that, in pursuance of eucli
request, a committee of investigation had been
appointed.
Under tho authority ^o conferred, as your peti-
tioner behoves, a telegram was sent to him on tho
12th instant in the words following: "You are re-
quired to appear before tho select eommitteo of the
House of liupreventatives on Tuesday next, 17th
instant, at ten n. m., and to bi iner with you all docu-
ments or papers touching your charges against Hon.
dahks Brooks, mudo in Commercial Advertiser
December 1, J870. Will >ou come ? Answer. N. G.
Oidwuy, Serjeant-at-Arms, House of Representa-
tives." To which you petitioner answered in sub-
stance that ho would attend on tho designated day.
Vour petitioner further represents that, as "he is
advised and believes, tho controversy existing be-
tween himself and thesaid Jamks linooKsis a purely
political, editorial, and personal one, and as such is
not properly the subject of discussion, investigation,
or adjudication by j our honorable body, but prop-
erly belongs to a judicial forum, in which your peti-
tioner has been at all times and is uow ready and
willing to meet tho same; that tho charges ma\le by
your petitioner do not in any way alfcct the dig-
nity of your honorable body, and therefore, as your
petitioner is ud\isud and believes, not properlv tho
subject of investigation by a legislative body. Such
charges wore made in ji beared canvass, by and
against edi torso t public journals representing oppos-
ing political interests,and assuch, so tar as the samo
wero mudo by youi petitioner, are, if untiuc, subject
to be examined and decided upon by a judicial tri-
bunal, m which your petitioner is at all times willing
and ready to appear. So far as the charge made
against your petitioner by tho said James Brooks is
concerned, by tho publication ot said fictitious affida-
vit, your petitioner has already commenced a suit in
the city of Ke,w York againstthosa.id JamesBrooks
and Erastus Brooks!or libel, in which thesaid James
Brooks will have an opportunity to prove, if he can,
the signature and verification of your petitioner to
said alleged affidavit.
It would seem but proper that the complaints of
Mr. James Bkooks, to which the attention of your
honorable body hits boon called, should be remit-
ted to tho same tribunal which your petitioner has
already selected, and to which Mr. James Brooks,
in his editorial of Dooember 2, 1g70, stated that he
invited your petitioner.
Your petitioner therefore prays that your honor-
able body will be pleaded to hold and determine that
tho matters in controversy between your petitioner
and the said James .Brooks are of a personal and
political nature, common to the profession of a jour-
nalist, and, as such, aro not properly to be investi-
gated by a legislative body, but are cognizable only
in an impartial court of law.
And your petitioner will ever prav, &c.
HUGH J. HASTINGS.
S'tafp, City, and County of New York, s$,
Hugh J. Hastings, being duly sworn, deposes and
says that the foregoing petition, signed by him, is
true to his own knowledge, except? as to the matters
therein stated on information And belief, and as to
those matters he believes it to be true.
_IIUGH J. HASTINGS.
Sworn to before mo, this 14th day of January, 1871.
-JOSEPH GUTMAN, jr.,
Notary Public, Neio York Cxiy.
Sworn to before me, this 14th day of January, 1871.
JOSEPH GUTMAN, jr.,
United States Commissioner,
Southern District New York.
Mr. LAFUN. I move the reference of this
memorial to the select committee appointed
to investigate the charges made against my
colleague, [Mr. Brooks,] with instructions to
report to the House on the same preliminary
to the investigation which has been ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to know
what he wishes the committee to report ; I do
not understand that Mr. Hastings is under
investigation. I understand that it is the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] who
i3 under investigation. If the charges made
against a member of this House be true it is
a question for this House, for its own dignity
and the preservation of its own self-respect. It
is not a matter between the member and the
petitioner.
Mr. DAWES. This petitioner respectfully
inquires whether you have jurisdiction of the
subject, and the gentleman from New York
asks for reference to the committee to inquire
into that matter.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
in reply to this extraordinary affidavit or alle-
gation, I propose to say a few words, and as
few as possible. In the first place I propose
to dispose of the political sympathy which Mr.
Hastings has attempted to create on the other
side of the House, in order to make this appear
merely as a political issue in which rival edit-
ors of rival politics should be adjudged by the
political sympathies of this House.
Sir, in the State of New York certain por-
tions of the Democratic party have had no
wilier advocate than this Hugh Hastings, the
editor of the Commercial Advertiser. For
years in Albany and New York, more or less,
he has been employed to spy out, cripple, and
damage his own party. His editorial articles
upon prominent Republican men, so written
as to injure them, prove this; and almost
every New York llepublican on the other side
of the House knows that he is only a spy in
the Republican camp for the betrayal of the
secrets of the Republican organization to the
Democratic party, and that he is paid for being
such a spy. For proof of this I hold in my
hand 
Mr. DAWES. Paid by whom?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope the
gentleman will allow me to go on. Wait and
hear. ^ For proof of this I hold in nay hand
[showing the paper] the New York Commer-
cial Advertiser of January 12, with nearly six
columns of nonpareil and agate advertisements
of the city corporation, given him by Demo-
cratic influences in the city of New York, from
the profits of which he receives twenty-five or
thirty thousand dollars per annum from the
treasury of the city of New York, and given
with the knowledge that as long as he has it
he will constantly assail certain Republican
men, and as constantly let certain Democratic
men alone. He is a dishonorable employ^ and
tool of a portion ot the Democratic party, and
a contemptible spy in the Republican party,
and constant ly used to betray to the Democrats
the secrets of Republican State committees and
other Republican organizations. That is his
history; that is his character. Away, then,
witn all this appeal to the Republican side of
the House in order to avert this investigation,
or to make a miserable party issue of what is
an issue of character, in which the House lias
its duties to discharge to itself as well as to
me, a. member of that House.
^ Sir, the publication which I introduced into
this House has been an old acquaintance. In
