1354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
impressed us with the idea that this new pay-
roll for the officers was not only a matter of jus-
tice but also one of great economy. Of course
that committee acted in the utmost good faith
and upon the best information itcouid obtain.
But it must have been overreached by some
one having its confidence and more expert than
a majority of its members. The House ought
at least to know how this seeming mistake
occurred, and why it is we have so much cause
for disappointment.
Mr. Chairman, in conclusion, I give notice
that I will at the proper time ask leave to offer
some amendments to the pending bill confin-
ing the use of the Army within the limits pre-
scribed by the Constitution, and tending at
least to correct some of the abuses of which
I have complained.
Mr. DICKEY. How much time remains ?
The CHAIRMAN. About fifteen minutes.
Mr. NIBLACK. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I should like to yield the remainder
of my time, if I have any, to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. DICKEY. I have no objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York has ten minutes.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, I am about to do now what I have never
done before since I have been in public life ;
that is, oppose the whole Army bill; and I do
it because the Array and the Army officers in
charge of that Army have been employed
by the President of the United States for pur-
poses hitherto unknown to military officers;
unknown to the honorand glory of the Army ;
employed for merely political purposes. The
Army which has hitherto acquired its honor
and glory at Yorktown, and Saratoga, and Che-
pultepec, and Cerro Gordo, in the Wilderness,
or on the mountains of Tennessee, is now used
and mainly used for electioneering purposes,
either in the southern States or in the northern
States of this Union.
Sir, when that Army was used in North Caro-
lina and South Carolina and Georgia and
Louisiana to carry elections, although it was
at a distance from me, I felt great indignation
that our Army should thus be used to dragoon
my countrymen at the polls; but I never felt
the full force of that indignation till the same
thing was brought to bear upon my own con-
stituents; when open-mouthed guns and can-
non were placed in position, prepared and
ready to fire upon my own people, upon the
women and children of my own district, solely
and mainly to carry an election. So help me
God, so long as our Army is thus used, or is
likely to be used for any such purpose as that,
never, never, under any circumstances, will I
consent to vote a dollar for the support of that
Army. A regiment of United States troops,
a regiment of infantry that had been used to
carry elections in North Carolina and Georgia
and Tennessee, was transported to New York
just before the November elections, stealthily
transported into our city during the dark hours
of the night prior to the election, in order to
overawe and terrify our people, and thus to
carry the election on election day.
Sir, the West Point officers are no longer
employed for the legitimate purposes of the
Army, but as inspectors and supervisors of
election or constables of elections j no longer
to maintain the honor of our flag against an
enemy, but to stand by and around the ballot-
box to carry on elections for and in behalf of
the President of the United States and of his
party. In no other country on earth, not even
in downtrodden France, not even under the
despotism of Germany, not even among the
Arabs, where a species of occasional elections
occur among the Mussulman, has an armed
force been used in the manner in which it has
been used here in our country by the President
of the United States, to overawe the people
upon election day. Sir, if it had been done in
England Victoria would not have been safe
one hour—no, not one hour, upon the throne
of England; but it has been done here, and
done with impunity, and now having done it,
they have the audacity to come before the peo-
ple of this country and to demand an enorm-
ous appropriation for the support of this Army.
Tell me not that a standing army is indis-
pensable to our safety. We have just seen, in
that great contest over the sea, that by the
organization mainly of the militia of Germany
the proudest standing army, the army of
Prance, has been overthrown mainly by the
landwehr, or militia organization of Germany,
alone. Sir, the militia organization of our
country is amply able to enforce the Constitu-
tion and the laws, especially in time of peace,
even to protect us from Indians and savages,
enough, if the party in power deem that indis-
pensable, to prevent Fenian invasions, enough
to guard the ballot-box, if that may be neces-
sary ; and no longer is there any need of the
appropriation of the millions of dollars de-
manded by the President of the United States
to dragoon the people of these United States in
any and every election, wherever he chooses to
transport the Army. Sir, propriety forbids the
high respect which we are bound, as Represent-
atives, to express, if not to feel, for the Presi-
dent of the United States—forbids me to ex-
press that depth of indignation which I feel in
my bosom against him who on the election day
dared to use the cannon and the bayonet to
threaten with slaughter my people at the mere
caprice of marshals and supervisors, the most
wretched outcasts, the very seethings of the
gutter caldrons of a great city.
No language can express the indignation I
feel against those who put the Army of the
United States.on election day at the disposal
of thieves and robbers, to murder or dragoon
the people of that city into voting as the Presi-
dent wished them to vote upon election day.
Under no circumstances, then, will I vote for a
dollar in an Army appropriation bill till this
misuse of the Army is discontinued by the
President of the United States, and until its
operations are confined for the purpose for
which it was created. Sir, the Army ought
never to have been thus degraded. The offi-
cers and soldiers of the Army were not created
to be electioneers and distributors of votes, or
guardians of the ballot-box. They were created
to defend and protect the country from its ene-
mies, not to shoot down their fellow-citizens ;
to maintain the honor of our flag, and to
uphold that flag against the world—for that,
and that mainly; and henee 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DICKEY. I yield the remainder of my
time to the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Sakgbntj
Mr. SARGENT. The rebuke of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] to the last;
Democratic Administration aud to the pres-
ent Democratic Governor of my State is cer-
tainly very effective. He has put in stronger
language than I would attempt the " atrocious
and unconstitutional" conduct of employing
the military force of the country, in any
case, for the purpose of overawing citizens at
elections. I have said " the last Democratic
Administration," because the convention
which nominated Seymour for the Democratic
candidate for President passed a resolution
indorsing Andrew Johnson and his adminis-
tration. His treason to his own party made
him acceptable to the Democracy.
Now, a few days before the last presidential
election, there being no riot in San Francisco,
nothing calling for military interference, what
was done there? We had a bright and shining
light of the Democratic party for our Governor,
Henry H. Haightj yet he, in a time of pro-
found peace, perhaps actuated by a fear that
the city of San Francisco would not cast its
vote for Seymour or that loyal organizations
might put down riotous demonstrations of the
Democracy, sent to Andrew Johnson a tele-
gram which, together with the reply, I ask to
be read by the Clerk.
Mr. ELDllIDGE. Is the gentleman in favor
of military interference at elections ?
Mr. SARGENT. I have but little time, but
will answer the question before I get through.
I ask the Clerk to read what I send to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
[Telegram.]
San Francisco, California,
October 30,1868.
To Andrew Johnson, President:
I desire authority, for sufficient reasons, to use
United States troops to quell disturbances here, if
any occur. PJeasesendthenece&sary orderswithout
delay to myself or General Halleek. TTtT/^„m
H. H. IIAKxilT.
[Indorsement.]
Referred to the Honorable the Secretary of War,
who will please instruct General Halleek to take
sueh action, in conformity with the Constitution and
laws of the United States, as may be necessary to
aid the civil authorities of California in preserving
the peace.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Mr. SARGENT. Did Andrew Johnson send
a refusal coached in such terms as those em-
ployed by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] and his Democratic associates here?
Did he insist that it was unconstitutional and
atrocious to use military force or display it at
an election? Did he call attention to the fact
that the city was profoundly quiet? Not at
all. As I have shown, he ordered the United
States military force to be put at the dispo-
sition of the Democratic Governor of Califor-
nia; not, I repeat, in the face of a riot or any
military necessity for it; not when the people
were rising up against the State or to over-
throw the municipal authorities or to pollute
the purity of elections. What was the result?
The Army and the Navy were employed in
San Francisco \ and I have here the official
order of General Halleek, showing how the
cannon were pointed in our streets and the
troops stationed in the public squares, with an
offensive display of cavalry and war vessels
ready to belch fire on onr citizens. I ask the
Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
[Special Orders No. 167.]
Headquarters
Military Division of thk Pacific,
San Francisco, California, October 31,1808.
I. The President of the_ United States having
authorized and directed, in compliance with the
request of the Governor of California, the division
commander "to take such action in conformi.y to
the Constitution and laws of the United States as
may be necessary to the civil authorities of Califor-
nia in preserving the peace," it is ordered that the
troops m this harbor be held in readiness for imme-
diate service from nine o'oloek a. m. till midnight
of 3d proximo.
II. The artillery companies at Point San Jose and
Alcatraz will be armed as infantry, and one of the
companies at the Presidio as cavalry. They will
be supplied each with forty rounds, and additional
ammunition will be placed on the steamer Mcpherson
ready for use. The steamer will be furnished with
a guard of ten men, and will be at Valtejo street
wharf from nine o'clock a. in. to midnight of the 3d
proximo with steam up and in leadiness to bring
the troops from Angel Island, Alcatraz, and Point
San Jose. In marching from the Presidio the bat-
tery will be flanked and protected by the cavalry.
III. Thedivisionanddepartmenteommandetswill
be at thoir respective headquarters during the hours
above named on the day of election, whore they can
be communicated with by tho Governor and othor
civil authorities. Each headquarter?- will be tur-
nished with two mounted ordei lies. All staff otheers
will be at their respe'etive offices. No officers or
troops will leave their posts to visit the city on the
3d proximo without special authority of the depart-
ment commander.
IV. In case the services of the military should be
required, on the requisition of the Governor to pre-
serve the peace, an order to that effect will be issued
from these headquarters to the department com-
mander. In that ease the cavalry will take post on
Washington street, its right resting on Kearny and
facing north. The battery will be on the left of the
cavalry. The infantry will take post on Kearny
street, its right resting on California streot and
facing to the east.
J3y order of Major General Halleek :
J. B. FRY,
„ Assistant Adjutant General.
Official:
ROBERT X. SCOTT,
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel Unit ft State* Arttiy,
Acting Assistant Adjutant fjtnei o.L
Mr. SARGEX I1. That was during the la^t
presidential election. Thatis&Democrutic
eedent, nil the parties to it being De:n<HT<tL-.
Aud will it be believed that that saaiy Dumo-
