1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
529
New York it lias been known for over twenty-
five years. In 1818 and 1849, when I was a
member of the Legislature of New York, and
prior to tliat, when I was a correspondent
there, the existence of that paper was as
well known as the existence of the dog star in
the skies. It was often referred to, and it was
never denied. It has reappeared frorn time to
time in the Independent, in New York, uncon-
tradicted. It reappeared m handbills in the
contest before the New York Legislature when
Mr. Fkxto.v was elected to the United States
Senate. It was published and republished by
the friends of Mr. Fextox, and was then never
denied.
Now that Mr. Stone, the party who obtained
from Hastings the shameless retraction, is
dead, now that the gentleman, John Visscher,
who drew the paper, is also dead, at this late
period, after an undenied and uoquestioned
publication for over twenty-five years, there
appears for the first time a public denial of
the existence of the affidavit, but in a very
cautious form, as I understand the paper read
by the Clerk. He denied that be made,
signed, or verified such an affidavit. It is pos-
sible it may not be an affidavit with a jurat.
The language of his denial is. that he never
made, signed, or verified such an affidavit m
any manner or form, not that he published, or
allowed to be published, that paper. His
denial is technical, and technical only. He
does not deny and cannot deny that he pub-
lished it in his own paper, the Albany Switch,
or allowed its publication under his name, and
that by the retraction, and the publication
thereof, alone, did he obtain exemption from
the damages which Stone would have inflicted
upon him, after his indictment by the grand
jury in the June term of the general session
in 1843.
The denial, then, I repeat, is technical, and
technical only, as to the affidavit being verified
in form. But it is not a plain, plump denial,
and he cannot deny that he published it, or
allowed it to be published for years as his,
nor can he deny that he has acquiesced in the
publication for twenty-five years without any
public denial until now.
But what, sir, is all that? These are con-
troversies that do not interest the House. I
only introduced the paper as a matter of record
when grave and libelous charges were put
against me on record, in order to show that no
credit should be given to charges coming from
sueb a source as the liheler who hitherto made
such a retraction of a libel. Sir, I have not
brought before this House, as alleged, editorial
controversies. His paper has been full of libels
against me. to which I have called no attention
whatsoever, and to which I have never pro-
posed to call attention.
My general character, my business, my occu-
pations, my past history, and all" my political
life,more or less, he has misrepresented in order
to injure me. 1 care nothingfor all that. No
such libels, least of all such a libeler, can injure
me. They are beneath my attention, and cer-
tainly not worth the attention of the House.
But when a member of this House, as a mem-
ber of the House, was, not before, or in, but
after an election, charged with lobbying in this
House, with corruption, as a member of the
House, and with influence enough here, over-
whelmed as he is by a majority of opposite
politics, to carry lobby measures through, and
to make money, nay, to grow rich thereby,
I called upon the House to investigate that
charge, as a member of the House, not as a
journalist; I called upon it as a member of
the Committee of "Ways and Means.
If this man is right, I have violated two
statutes in the laws of my country which sub-
ject me to imprisonment and which ought to
bring upon me expulsion, and all of which I
should deserve if he is right in these charges
which he has made against me as a member
of the House. It was because of the character
of the House, because of the position which
41st Cong. 8d Sess.—No. 34.
you have honored me with upon the leading
committee of this House, the one having
charge of the finances of the country—a com-
mittee constantly surrounded by and subjected
to all sorts of influences, but which has main-
tained a high and uneorrupted character be-
fore this country for integrity—not only in
behalf of myself, but in behalf of that com-
mittee, and in behalf of this House, I invoked
investigation, and invoked it from a Republican
House, through a Republican Speaker, and
threw myself upon them for an examination.
He invites me to resort to a court of law. I
gave the reason the other day why I did not
resort to a New York court of law, and I will
not repeat it. But hereafter, when this in-
vestigation shall be closed, I will determine
what course I shall pursue before the courts
of law, and when I do, if the local laws of
this District will permit me, it shall be here in
this city, with the witnesses all surrounding me
who know of my public course, and who could
convict me here better than anywhere else in
the land; in a city adverse to my politics, not'
friendly to me, and in which even colored men
may be upon the jury with all their prejudices
against me, and ready to pronounce me guilty
if they can find any grounds upon which to
do it.
Sir, this is not a mere political controversy
between journalists, as alleged. It is a contest
for the character of this House. This journal
has already charged that the committee which
you, Mr. Speaker, have appointed, is a mere
whitewashing committee; that we are thieves
and robbers together—that is the substance of
his charge; that in this community of thieves
and robbers I dare not appeal to the courts of
law, but seek a judgment of the corrupt jurors
around me, who are equally guilty with myself.
When he appears before that committee, and it
has made a thorough examination of the facts,
and we see what he knows, I will determine
what course I will pursue, in what court of law,
and where. If my character is not sufficiently
vindicated then to the satisfaction of the whole
country, and he is not satisfied with that invest-
igation, I shall know where to seek my remedy
and to vindicate my reputation.
Sir, in a political life of now over thirty years
I have been indifferent to all species of allega-
tions upon my political character. I care not
what men have said or may say in that respect.
I have fiercely attacked others, and they have
fiercely attacked me. I have struck often, and
often been struck, but left no wounds behind.
It has been an open and generous war. But
this is the first time in my whole political life
of thirty years that my pecuniary character,
my pecuniary position, has ever been thus as-
sailed in any manner or form whatever. God
knows, and I appeal here to the Almighty
Ruler of the universe, before the Representa-
tives of the people, for the truth of what I utter
when I declare that never in my life, in any
way or manner, public or private, did I ever
make one farthing out of my political position,
while I have spent hundreds and hundreds in
that public position.
In the evanescent nature of public life there
is little left for a man but his public character.
We die, and the good we do is soon forgotten ;
but the bad is sure to be remembered. Men
of my age cannot many years more linger
upon the stage, but must soon pass from it to
the grave. There is nothing in a republic to
leave to our children but our character, no
hereditary titles of property, position, or rank.
A good name is the only bequest we can leave
to our posterity. Hence, my character, my
public character, is dearer to me than life;
and hence I appealed to my fellow-members
for an investigation before resorting to any
tribunal elsewhere.
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, while I appre-
ciate as fully as the gentleman from New York,
my colleague, [Mr. Brooks,] can, the value of
private character, I cannot forget the extra-
ordinary circumstances under which this sub-
ject was first brought before the House. Last
Tuesday, upon a question of privilege, with-
out any knowledge on the part of many mem-
bers of the House—indeed I may say that
scarcely three members other than the gentle-
man from New York knew anythingabout it—
that gentleman brought before this House an
affidavit, the authenticity of which, I venture
to say, he is willing to acknowledge has been
publicly denied by the one who it is alleged
signed it. In that way an attempt was made,
under the privileges of a member of this House,
to cast a most disgraceful aspersion upon the
character of a private citizen, to be scattered
broadcast over the land, from one end of the
country to the other. Now, I submit that this
House owes to its own self-respect, if not to
the rights of a private citizen, that it should
never lend itself to the circulation of such a
report, except upon the very best foundation.
Tf>-day, when this memorialist comes here
with a sworn affidavit denying the slander that
was attempted to be fastened upon him, we
have presented here the extraordinary specta-
cle of my colleague [Mr. Brooks] appealing
to the political sympathy of his opponents on
this side of the House; and what is most mar-
velous, the desire of the gentleman to tarnish
the reputation of this memorialist carries him
so far that he, an organ of the Democratic
party, is willing to stand here and publicly
confess that the party to which he belongs has
been in the habit of using Republicans, by
means of bribes and the payment of money,
to betray the Republican party, that thus the
political ends of the Democratic party may be
secured. As an evidence of that assertion he
called the attention of the members of this .
House to the fact that large numbers of adver-
tisements were given to the paper of which this
memorialist is editor.
Now, I do not know the precise character of
those advertisements. But, if I am correctly
informed, advertisements of a like character
appear in the New York Tribune and in the
New York Evening Post. And yet will any
gentleman here pretend that Horace Greeley,
of the Tribune, or William Cullen Bryant, of
the Evening Post, are by these pitiful advertise-
ments bribed to betray the Republican party?
If not, then why make such a charge against
Mr. Hastings?
Sir, I have had some little acquaintance with
the politics of the State of New York for the
last twenty years, and I have known Mr. Hast-
ings's political record during that time. Island
here to say, upon my character as a man and
a Representative, that this is the first time
that I have ever heard it charged that Hugh
J. Hastings, editor of the New York Com-
mercial Advertiser, was anything but a Whig
or a Republican.
My colleague knows that in 18-54, when the
Whigs for the last time held control of the
senate of the State of New York, this Mr.
Hastings was a candidate for the position of
clerk of that body. In the caucus of the Whig
party, when the nomination of Mr. Hastings
came to be acted on, the brother of my col-
league, Mr. Erastus Brooks, read this so-called
affidavit of Mr. Hastings, and a senator from
Albany completely proved its falsity. Yet
after that attack was made Mr. Hugh J. Hast-
ings was vindicated and elected the clerk of
the Whig senate of the Legislature of New
Y ork.
Mr. BROOKS, of New Y'ork. Will the gen-
tleman repeat his statement about Mr. Erastus
Brooks? I did not fully hear him.
Mr. LAFLIN. I said, referring to the past
political record of Mr. Hastings, that ia 18o4.
when the Whigs for the last time held control
of the senate of the State of New lork. Mr.
Hastings was a candidate before the Whig
caucus for the position ®f clerk of that body.
In that caucus Hon. Erastus Brooks, brother
of the gentleman from New York, and at that
time a senator from the city of New York,
attacked Mr. Hastings upon this very false aih-
