1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1967
the Senator from California that we had bet-
ter take up some other bill for the present.
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw my point of
order because it is more a question of parlia-
mentary law than a question of order.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the report will be
acted upon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I shall not
consent to its -being acted upon without a quo-
ram of the Senate being present. It is too
important a provision to be suffered to pass
■without the notice of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Senators will see the import-
ance of disposing of this matter one way or
the other. If they do not agree to this con-
ference report, there must be another con-
ference committee appointed, and there is no
time to waste.
Mr. POMEROY. There is not a quorum
present.
Mr. COLE. Senators ought to be here. If
they are not here, it is their fault.
Mr. FENTON. Read on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing will proceed.
The Chief Clerk resumed the reading, as
follows:
Sec. — That said commissioners shall each take the
oath of office provided by law to be taken by all offi-
cers of the United States, and shall proceed without
delay to discharge their duties under this act. The
President of the United States shall designate in his
appointment one of said commissioners to be presi-
dent of the board, and shall be authorized to fill
any vacancy which may occur by reason of death or
resignation in said board; and each commissioner
shall have authority to administer oaths and affirma-
tions, and to take the depositions of witnesses in all
matters pertaining to their duties. The said com-
missioners shall meet and organize said board, and
hold their sessions at Washington, Two members
of the board shall constitute a quorum for the trans-
action of business, and the agreement of two shall
decide all questions in controversy. The said com-
missioners shall have authority to make and publish
rules for their procedure, not inconsistent with this
act, and shall publish notice of their sessions. They
shall keep a journal of their proceedings, to be
signed by the president of the board, and a register
of all claims brought before the board, showing the
date of presentation, number, name, and residence
of claimant, subject-matter, and amount of claim,
and the amount, if any, allowed ; which records
shall be open to the inspection of the President and
Attorney General of the United States, or of such
officer as the President may designate.
Mr. COLE, If there is no objection, I will
consent to lay aside this report temporarily and
proceed with the appropriation bill before us.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have already
stated that I do not know that I shall oppose
this when a quorumis present, but I do oppose
action upon it until a quorum is present. It
is too important a matter to be disposed of in
so thin a Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the proposition of the Senator
from California?
Mr. VICKERS. I object. There is not a
quorum here, and I do not think we ought to
proceed wiih any business.
Mr. COLE. I propose for that reason to lay
this report aside until a quorum appears, and
in the mean time to go on with the miscella-
neous bill.
Mr. VICKERS. We cannot go on with that
bill without a quorum.
Mr. COLE. I have no doubt there is a
quorum here now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Maryland object?
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir; unless we have
a quorum.
Mr. STEWART. And I object. Let us go
ahead.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada objects. The reading will
proceed.
The Chief Clerk resumed and concluded the
reading, as follows:
Sec. —. That said commissioners shall makereport
of their proceedings, and of each claim considered by
them, at the commencement of each session of Con-
gress, to the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives, who shall lay the same before Congress for
consideration; and all claims within this act and not
presented to said board shall be barred, and shall
not be entertained by any Department of the Gov-
ernment without further authority of Congress.
Sec. —. That the commissioners of claims shall be
paid quarterly under this act, at the rate of $5,000
per annum each, and they shall have authority to
appoint one clerk and one short-hand reporter, to
be paid quarterly at the rate of $2,500 per annum
each, and one messenger to be paid at the rate of
$1,200 per annum, who shall perform the services
required of them respectively; and said board shall
be further allowed the necessary actual expenses of
office rent, furniture, fuel, stationery, and printing,
to be certified by the president of the board, and to
be audited on vouchers, and paid as other judicial
expenses are.
Sec. —. That a sufficient appropriation to carry
this act into effect, is hereby made out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. McDONALD. While I do not object
particularly to this amendment, preferring it
to no provision on the subject, I believe if the
Senate properly understood the question it
would not entertain it for a moment. I believe
it opens up an avenue that we never intended
to open up. I believe that we of the South
are as loyal and intend to be as true to the
Government as the Senators who represent
northern States. In offering the original
amendment to open up a proper avenue for
our people to have a hearing for their proper
debts it was not our intention to open an im-
proper avenue to enable improper claims to
be heard. It is my opinion that while this
board or commission, or whatever it may be
called, may sit in judgment upon these proper
claims, it will open up cases that we never
intended should be opened.
It was my intention in offering the original
amendment that men and women who had
remained loyal to the Government, men who
had no chance to present their claims during
the war, in consequence of having been in the
war fighting for their country, should have a
chance to be heard before the courts of the
country in precisely the same manner and
under precisely the same conditions and terms
as loyal persons in any other section of the
country. I think it is a very great mistake to
undertake to substitute a commission on this
subject for the proposition which I offered,
which covered this ground and which simply
opened up the courts to loyal southern citizens.
The substitute reported by the committee of
conference I fear will open the Treasury to a
class of claims which were never intended to
be included. While I should be glad to have
something done for these people, I think there
is a proper way to do it, which should be
adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I feel bound, as a rep-
resentative in part of one State, to express my
thanks to the Senator from Arkansas for the
manly and dignified opposition he has made
to this most preposterous scheme. Putting it
upon mere grounds of money, and saying
nothing of justice, it is much more dangerous
to the Treasury than the proposition that he
submitted as it was amended. That proposi-
tion, under the amendments that were agreed
to, was not a proposition to which any serious
opposition could have been made, or was
made, although I think myself it would have
been better not to enter upon that step at this
time. But we did so. But this, as the Sen-
ator from Arkansas says, is an entirely new
proposition ; one that lias never been consid-
ered in this body, creating a new and addi-
tional court, with new and additional officers,
to go around collecting evidence and picking
up claims and deciding upon them, from place
to place, making a raid upon the Treasury in
the end, because it comes to that in respect
to claims of this character.
Mr. COLE. I beg leave to correct the Sen-
ator. If he will look at the report of the com-
mittee he will find that this board is not to go
around the country. That feature is abolished.
It is to be stationary here at the capital, the
same as the quartermaster's department or the
commissary department.
Mr. EDMONDS. Very well. I am glad that
one wheel of this coach, then, has been knocked
out by the committee. The only opportunity
I have had has been to read the bill of the
House which came over here, and which is the
substance of this conference report. That had
the perambulatory provision in it; and but for
the respect that we owe, and are bound to owe,
and of course in fact do owe to the House of
Representatives, I should have said, had I been
a private citizen, and therefore entitled to criti-
cise that distinguished body, that that bill of
the House was a contrivance of somebody,
unknown of course to any member, to create
three fat places for some members of Congress
whom the people had not returned to public
service here. Of course they would perform
the duties admirably, and so far as they had
the power, under the instructions that the bill
gave them, they would protect the public and
serve their constituents.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the -honorable Senator
permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the greatest pleas-
ure.
Mr. DAVIS. Is it the design of the party
in power to make places for all their defeated
members of Congress?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It used to be in old Dem-
ocratic times, but nowadays it is not so.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Not in my time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; your time was the
old Whig time, when you and I were together.
Now, Mr. President, my friend from Arkan-
sas, as the representative of his southern
brethren, I hope has struck the true key-note
of this question; that while we may with more
or less of safety do what he has proposed, this
opens an avenue broader than that one that
the Scripture speaks of, which leads to a place "
which shall not be mentioned, for fraudulent
designs and corrupt claims and practices
against the Government. It is far better to
leave itunder his provision, or under any other
provision, that the constant and responsible
officers of the Government shall receive and
adjust these claims, and then have them pro-
vided or, no matter how wide you goforclaims,
than it is to create and saddle upon the Treas-
ury a fresh army of officials, either ta go or to
stay somewhere to pick up and decide upon
these claims. I hope, therefore, we shall dis-
agree to the report of this committee of con-
ference, and have a fresh conference, which
at least will be able to stand upon the prop-
osition of my friend from Arkansas.
Mr. BLAIR. I think it would be impossi-
ble to reconcile some gentlemen on the other
side to anything that recognizes the right of
southern loyalists to make claims for anything
which they have furnished the Government.
Only the other night, when an amendment was
passed by the Senate to the bill now under con-
sideration, gentlemen insisted that the quar-
termasters and commissaries were very im-
proper persons to pass upon these claims; that
they passed upon them in secret; that it was
something that ought to be given to another
class of persons—men of judicial mind, &c.
For my part I preferred the way in which Con-
gress had adjudged it properthat the claims of
loyal men living elsewhere should be passed
upon, and I therefore voted for the amendment
of the Senator from Arkansas, and urged its
adoption. But when we met in conference with
the committee of the House, we found, upon the
statement of all the conferees, that there was
no chance for the passage of our amendment
in the House; and hence it occurred to us that
we would come somewhat nearer to the views
of the minority in this body on this question by
adopting this measure, which would give the
adjudication of the claims of southern loyalists
to# board; and, after all, their adjudication
amounts to nothing more than a recommenda-
tion to Congress. They cannot appropriate a
dollar ; nor is it binding upon Congress or any
other department of the Government. All
that this commission can do, or will do under
this bill, will be to hear the evidence and to
make a recommendation. That shocks the
