1356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
cratic Governor, and by tbe order of that
President admired of the Democracy, Andrew
Johnson. But the exploits of Governor Sey-
mour's " friends " in the days when Lee was
in Pennsylvania and orphan asylums were
burned and policemen hung to lamp posts could
not be repeated. Hence these tears from.the
gentlemen on my left. Who believes that an
attempt to stop repeating in New York would
have been successful and peaceful without
adequate orce within reach to put down resist-
ance?
The Republican party only ask for an honest
ballot. We do not wish that any man who has
a right to vote shall be kept from the polls, or
shall vote more than once. We would restrain
villainy, corruption, and violence, and let the
honest voice of the people determine the rulers
and policy of the Government. Laws framed
to that end, and showing by their operation
that they effect it, cannot be opposed except
by those who would ruin to rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The time allowed for
general debate having expired, the bill will
be read by paragraphs, for amendment.
The Clerk read the following:
For expenses of recruiting and transportation of
recruits, $120,580.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out "twenty" and
inserting "ten," so as to make the amountof
the appropriation §110,580. Mr. Chairman,
I have one advantage over thegentleman from
California, [Mr. Sargent,] who has just spoken
upon this bill. The elections in Indiana have
passed by, while the elections in California are
yet to come. As I understand the purport of
liis speech, it was designed for California con-
sumption, and not for any impression it might
make upon this House. Sir, I always regret
to hear the gentleman from California [Mr.
Sargent] get to talking on political subjects.
There is a fierceness about him that is almost
appalling.
Mr. SARGENT. I am sorry you are ter-
rified.
Mr. NIBLACK. I will not say there is a
malignity, for that would be considered per-
sonal ; but I confess that, fair-minded and
genial as he seems to be sometimes, when he
gets to discussing partisan subjects all these
attributes seem to depart from him. That
charity "which covereth a multitude of sins"
seems no longer to have a dwelling-place in
his breast.
Now, sir, the impression made upon my mind
the other day by this matter of the Governor
of California calling for troops from the ad-
ministration of Mr. Johnson was that it was
a small affair to hang a great speech on. I
mean no disrespect to him by that remark; but
when the gentleman made a call for the cor-
respondence in relation to the call upon the
late Administration for troops by the Gov-
ernor of California, I expected something
serious was coining. I was agreeably sur-
prised when the correspondence which is
reproduced to-day was read at the Clerk's
desk a few days since.
Mr. SARGENT. When he saw that the
Army was drawn up in the squares of San Fran-
cisco, and that our naval vessels were ordered
to point their guns at the city, was that agree-
able to him ?
Mr. NIBLACK. It occurred to me, at all
events, tlie gentleman from' California had
made what fishermen call a "water haul."
[Laughter.] It surely must not have been
what he expected. What the facts may be out-
side of the papers themselves, which he did
npt call for, I do not know and am not respons-
ible for. I do not know anything about them ;
but one thing I do know, that the Governor
of the State of California, in pursuance of the
provision of the Constitution, asked leave to
use the troops to suppress what he supposed
would result in domestic violence. That he
was authorized to do in the absence of the
Legislature, President Johnson authorized
Governor Haight to use these troops in accord-
ance with the Constitution and the laws en-
acted in pursuance of it. If this Republican
Administration and all future Republican Ad-
ministrations will confine themselves to what
the Constitution and laws authorize then I shall
have no criticisms to make, no matter what
may be their aetion. It is only when Federal
officers transcend their authority that I am
disposed to complain of them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. The gentleman has hung his stump
speech on it, and I hope we will proceed with
the bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. RANDALL. I renew it; and I ask
the Clerk to read an extract from Governor
Geary's message in reference to the use of
United States troops in the elections of Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. DICKEY. It was read yesterday.
Mr. RANDALL. It is so good that it can-
not be too often repeated. Read what the
Republican Governor of my State says.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The employmentof United States troops at elec-
tions, without the consent of the local and State
•governments, has recently received considerable
attention and reprehension. It is regarded as an
interference with the sovereign rights of the States,
which was not contemplated Dy the founders of the
General Government, and, if persisted in, must lead
to results disastrous to peace and harmony. The
practice is one so serious in its character and so in-
jurious in its tendencies as to merit prompt consid-
eration and decisive action, not oniy by the General
Assembly, but by Congress. One of the complaints
of the colonists against the British king was the
oppression growing out of the assumption of this
power. Theys.'d: 'he has kept among us in times
of peace standing armies, without the consent of
our Legislature;' and, what is especially pertinent
to the ease in point, 'he has affected to render the
military independent of, and superior to, the civil
power.' The alleged authority for the use of troops
at our State elections is derived from the ten th section
of an act of Congress, approved May 31,18T0, entitled
'An act to enforce the right of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of the Union,
and for other purposes,' which authorizes United
States marshals to call to their assistance 'such por-
tion of t!i e_ land and naval forces of the United
States, or of the militia, as may be necessary to the
performance of theduty with which they are charged,
and to insure a faithful observance of the fifteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United States.'
But it must be a forced construction of this law that
will justify the presence of armed national forces at
our places of election when no necessity exists there-
for, and where their presence is calculated to pro-
voke collision. With a good President, the exercise
of the power referred to might have no injurious
results; but in the hands of a bad man, governed
by personal ambition, it might prove exceedingly
calamitous. Unconsciously a good President might
be induced to employ it wrongfully: a bad one would
be almost certain to use it for his own advancement.
Under any circumstances, in my opinion, it is unsafe,
and antagonistic to the principles that should gov-
ern our republican institutions."
Mr. RANDALL. That expresses so thor-
oughly the sentiments of the people of Penn-
sylvania that I have desired to have it put on
record here. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I renew it.
I desire to say a few words in reply to the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Sargent.] The
gentleman cites the proceedings of the former
President of the United Stales, Andrew John-
son, for whom I am not responsible and for
whom thegentlemen with whom I associate are
not responsible, but for whom the gentleman
from California and his associates are respons-
ible. That case varies very widely from that
in the State of New York. The Governor of |
California, under the fourth section of article
four of the Constitution, called for the use :
of the military and was granted it in accord-
ance with the Constitution and law, while the j
Governor of New York did not call for the i
military ofthe United States but remonstrated, !
as well as all the authorities of New York, I
against the introduction of the Federal military j
into the New York election. j
The gentleman from California [Mr. Sar- ■
gent] justifies this interference in elections
by a citation from the Tribune and a reference
to the vote of the sixth ward of New York.
Does the gentleman know how that ward is
now settled? It is no longer the headquarters
of the peculiar class of whom the gentleman
may or may not have heard, but it is become
the headquarters of hotels and of boarding-
houses; and the proportion of male residents
in the sixth ward of New York must therefore
be larger than in almost any other ward of that
cityin proportion to its population. Itoccupies,
therefore, the same position in that respect
as the States on the Pacific coast, California
or Oregon, where the proportion of male resi-
dents is large and the female residents few
in number. That is an explanation of the
large vote of the sixth ward of New York, as
I understand it.
Let me tell the gentleman from California
[Mr. Sargent] that the thieves and robbers
who were appointed by his party as supervis-
ors of election and United States marshals to
maintain the purity of elections—and I mean
what I say when I call them thieves and rob-
bers—were the Kuklux Republicans of the
city of N^ York. The Democracy there have
no Kuklux. But whenever a jail orState prison
was emptied, and a thief or robber could be
hunted up by his associates, men of that class
were appointed supervisors of election to guard
the purity of the baliol-box. In my own dis-
trict, on Murray Hill, surrounded by churches,
amid the leading men of the Republican party,
: in the very heart of the aristocracy there, the
only fraud I knew of was perpetrated in the
thirteenth district of the twenty-first ward.
The gentleman's party cheated me out of one
j hundred votes by transferring one hundred
| votes from Jajies Brooks to George Wilkes,
i the opposing candidate. I could have sent the
supervisor te the State prison under the Fed-
eral law, but I declined any resort to the use
of those laws which the gentleman and his
associates evaded. I preferred submitting to
this transfer of one hundred votes and to the
fraudulent robbery of the people of their suf-
frages rather than sanction any use of the
11 Federal law to punish the criminals; but here
ji I may add that the officer, the United States
; district attorney, was informed of the facts
j! and could have acted upon them if he had
j: pleased.
But why does the gentleman and his asso-
• ciates here talk to me of maintaining purity of
1 election in New York 1 I say there never was
! a fraud and there never will be a fraud in the
[ city of New York greater than that which sent
: me out of the House, although I had a demon-
i strated Democratic majority, and a fraud de-
• monstrated so to be by the great fact that a
I Democratic majority of over ten thousand
I sent me back again here to rebuke the fraud
I you perpetrated on me. I say, then, in the
i face of this well-known fact, that this House
has perpetrated greater and more infamous
and villainous frauds than have ever been
perpetrated by anybody in the sixth ward or
elsewhere in New York. The whole system
of contested elections here, from beginning
to end, has been a system of fraud upon the
ballot-box; and yet the honorable gentleman
from California dares to rise in his place and
j to traduce my constituents on the charge of
I fraud, when he has supported here every
| fraudulent seating of members representing
j nothing and nobody, tied and bound to his
' party, with no individuality, no independence,
| and voting for whatever fraud the necessities
| of the party dictated to him.
! [Heie the hammer fell.]
| Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
| oppose tbe amendment. So far as the gentle-
! man has alluded to myself, he is simply mis-
j taken. I have as much independence, and. I
I dare s.iy boldly, as much purity of character
i as the gentleman himself. I fear no such
: comparison.
| Mr. SCHUMAKER. When did you show it?
Mr. SARGENT. I have shown it in all
i cases, and challenge denial. When did the
I gentleman ever vote otherwise than with his
