1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1357
party on this floor in a contested-election case
or any other?
Mr. SCHUMAKER. When did you ?
Mr. SARGENT.. I have voted in favor of
several Democrats whose seats were contested
by Republicans.
Mr. WOODWARD. Name them.
Mr. SARGENT. I can easily do that. Ivoted
with a number of other Republicans with the
Democrats in some of the Louisiana cases. I
am not now sure I was not misled. I voted
for the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Rice]
against a Republican competitor. lalso voted
in favor of one of the gentleman's colleagues
in the Thirty-Seventh Congress. (Mr. Leaman,)
who was nota Republican, and he got his seat.
But, sir, I do not care to stand here to make
a personal vindication. Such attacks upon
me are utterly baseless and perfectly indifferent
10 me. But, sir, I do desire to vindicate the
party to which I belong from the charge that
it has been guilty of frauds at elections. Its
whole history repels any such aspersion. As
to the charge that the gentleman makes that
this House has been guilty in passing upon
contested-election cases of frauds as disgrace-
ful as those which are charged to have been
perpetrated in New York city, I pass by such
language as merely idle wind, and I do not
mean to be diverted into replying to it. It
speaks mere partisan prejudice.
Now, sir, it is a fact known to history, that
under the care taken last session, that every
man should have the right to vote once, and
but once, and when not a man in the city of
New York complained that he did not have an
opportunity to cast the vote that he was en-
titled to cast, and when no man was molested,
or deprived of any of his rights as a citizen,
the result showed some twenty thousand less
majority for the Democratic party than it had
at the year before, when repeaters had full
swing. The inference from this is pregnant,
and impossible to escape from, that those who
did not come 'forward and vote, because the
eye of justice was upon them, and they could
not engage in their nefarious and corrupt pro-
ceedings, belong to the Democratic party.
Mr. MAYHAM. Was not the ratio of de-
crease in the vote greater on the Republican
side than on the Democratic side?
Mr. SARGENT. It was not, as I under-
stand the facts. I deny that such is the fact,
and I challenge proof of it. In the rural dis-
tricts of the State this law did not operate at
all, and consequently that is not, under dis-
cussion; butin the city of New York, which is
the focus of these corruptions, when the touch-
stone was applied which would dissolve the
true from the false, the false fell away from
the Democratic party and left it woefully be-
hind what it had been at the previous elec-
tion.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
says that the sixth ward is.full of hotels and
boarding-houses, where men reside who have
not families with them, and that that accounts
for the large number of votes cast in that ward
in proportion to its population. Well, sir,
[to Mr. Brooks,] those are transient resi-
dents, men who have not been within the State
six months, or aliens, and who, therefore, have
no right to vote, and that is one of the sources
of fraud and corruption. You fill up these
hotels with repeaters from Philadelphia and
elsewhere, and swoop down upon the polling
places to secure them in the elections, and the
election of associates like yourself, and to
overcome the voice of the people of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. There were more
frauds perpetrated in St. Lawrence county
than in any ward in the city of New York.
Mr. SARGENT. We propose to stop_ it
there and everywhere else. We will appoint
men to supervise elections there, as elsewhere.
Who is it that tries to stop reform in this mat-
ter? If frauds were perpetrated against the
Democratic party we give you the machinery
whereby those frauds may be stopped. The
same remedy we ask for ourselves.
The gentleman has denounced the men who
have been appointed as inspectors as scoun-
drels and ruffians. I do not know personally
anything about them ; but I am not prepared
to believe that of them upon the mere asser-
tion of the gentleman; the heated, partisan,
political, prejudiced assertion, stigmatizing a
whole class because of the acts of one or two,
and those acts problematical. Shall we abolish
the judiciary because one judge is corrupt?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Look at the
State prison records.
Mr. SARGENT. I dare say that if the in-
mates of the State prisons were polled to-day
the Democratic party would have seven eighths
of all the votes that could be drawn from that
source.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. The Demoeraticparty
never pardon out convicts just before election.
Mr. SARGENT. I have no doubt the Dem-
ocratic party would be quite ready to make votes
from that source as well as from any other.
The gentleman justifies the act of Governor
Haight, though slightly, by reference to the
Constitution. Does he or any one believe that
the Constitution intended that the military
force of the United States should be called for
by a Governor of a State, in the midst of pro-
found peace, to control elections or inspect
them? W'ould he not denounce such an act
coming from a Republican Executive?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DICKEY. I hope we shall now be
allowed to progress with the bill. I desire to
inform gentlemen that if the New York and
Caliiornia elections, and all these constitu-
tional questions are to be debated in tins way
upon the Army appropriation bill, I shall on
Monday next move to discharge the Commit-
tee of the Whole from the further consider-
ation of the bill, and put it upon its passage.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentlemau
mean to be understood by that, that he is
getting sick of this debate ?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. MORGAN. I renew the amendment,
for the purpose of saying a word or two in
reply to what has been said by the gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargent] in reference
to the purity of the action of this House in
election cases. I was returned by the people
of my district to the Fortieth Congress by a
majority of 271. And yet, in defiance of the
will of the people 
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
SttitC it.
Mr. STEVENSON. My point of order is
that after an election case has been decided it
is not in order to discuss it upon an appropri-
ation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair 
Mr. MORGAN. I only desire to say that
the people of my district believe, and I believe,
that I was deprived of my seat in that Congress
in defiance of the will of the people.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out of
order. The Chair sustains the point of order.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For pay of the Army. $12,000,000, of which sum
$100,000, and no more, may be expended for pay of
Indian scouts.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to amend tfie para-
graph by striking out "$12,000,000" and in-
serting in lieu thereof the words "And for
payment of discharged soldiers for clothing
not drawn, $12,300,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DEGENER. I move to further amend
this paragraph by adding to it the following:
3?or pay of citizen scouts. $100,000, if, in the discre-
tion of the Secretary of War, the condition of the
frontiersof Texas should need such extra protection.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make the point
of order that there is no law authorizing the
employment of citizen scouts, and therefore
this amendment is not in order.
Mr. DEGENER. Citizens were called into
service by military commanders during the
reconstruction measures.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not aware
whether there is any legislation .to justify this '
amendment.
Mr. DBGENEPu. It is merely to appropri-
ate a certain sum of money if, in the discre-
tion of the Secretary of War, the application
of it in that direction shall be necessary.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must over-
rule the amendment as not in order.
Mr. BECK. I move to amend the para-
graph now pending by striking out "$12,000,-
000" and inserting " $11,000,000." I desire
the gentleman who has charge of this bill [Mr.
Dickey] to tell this Committee of the Whole
why this appropriation for the "pay of the
Army " is so large.
I undertook, last year, when the House was
considering a bill to reduce the Army, reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] to say
that in fact that bill increased the pay of. the
Army as it then stood $1,500,000 more than it
was before that bill was passed, and my inform-
ation from the gentleman who has charge of
this bill is that the effect of the bill we passed
last year was to increase the pay of the Army
$1,500,000 above what it was before that bill
was passed. I want to know whether that is
the fact or not. I voted last year believing
that we were reducing the cost of the pay of
the Army. Now, I want to know if we, on the
contrary, increased the pay of the Army more
than a million of dollars.
Now, I understand, from all that lean learn,
that we actually increased the pay of evei-y
officer of the Army, except perhaps General
Sherman and Lieutenant General Sheridan ;
certainly we did not reduce them. I want to
know from the gentleman who has charge of
this bill, whether or not that is the fact, that we
have made no progress in the line of economy.
And I want him to tell us furthermore what
has been done with the $15,000,000 that within
the last nine months the Army has received
from the sale of guns and other implements of
war to European nations, no part of which ihe
Secretary of the Treasury is able to give us an
account of, so far as I know. Why.should not
the Army be charged with that $15,000,000 for
property of the United States which has beea
sold: We know nothing of it. No account
of it has been given so far as the Committee
on Appropriations are advised.
I want the gentleman to tell us further how
much of this money was paid to the men who-
were sent all over the country to control the
elections, with regard to which expenditure we
have received no information. I have offered
my amendment for the purpose of getting in-
formation upon these three points: first, as to-
the increase of the pay of officers under the
bill of last year; secondly, as to the ^15,000,-
000 worth of arms, &c., sold within the last
nine or ten months; thirdly, as to how much
has been expended, not for legitimate Army
purposes, but for the purpose of controlling
elections.
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Chairman, as to the-
amountof Army stores, guns, munitionsof war,
&c., sold within the last five or ten months,
the gentleman is perfectly aware, as I am, that
whatever that amount may be it stands to the-
credit of the appropriations for the Army, and
will be covered into the Treasury on the 30tlv
of June next. He was so informed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in my presence; hence
he needs no information upon that point.
Mr. BECK. Have we received any credit
for the amount arising from such sales, or has.
any account of those sales ever been given ?
Mr. DICKEY. The Secretary of the Treas-
