1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1969
been open to the very greatest abuse, because
they have not been carefully selected and their
powers not carefully defined. So far as I am
concerned, I have no fear of their paying for
property which was actually taken and used
by the Army. It is the duty of the Govern-
ment to pay for it, and pay for it all. I do
not believe the Government of the United
States has a right to send its troops into any
section of the country to pillage off any peo-
ple, be they friends or be they enemies.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I am glad
of the indication that this matter can be dis-
posed of without considering those questions
which divide members of the Senate touching
the propriety of the recognition or payment
ultimately of southern claims. The Senator
from Tennessee, for example, does not hold
upon that question the opinion which I hold,
or which is held by my honorable friend before
me, [Mr. Wilmams;] and yet he unites with
us in seeing, and calling attention to, the objec-
tions to this report.
It seems to me very remarkable—I say it not
by way of criticism—that a conference com-
mittee should have found it necessary to put
in the Army appropriation bill an entirely new
bill relating to a subject, I might say hardly
referred to in the bill itself as amended. I
know that there was carried into that bill an
amendment repealing in effect so much of an-
other act as created a distinction against south-
ern claimants, and putting in certain respects
upon a par claimants from the South and claim-
ants from the North. Thereupon a conference
committee proceeds to import into the bill and
ingraft upon it a somewhat complicated ma-
chine, a new creation entirely, for the purpose
of disposing of southern claims, very different
in character, let me remind Senators, from
those which the original provision of the bill
could have acted upon in any way whatever.
Beyond the unusual circumstance of this
legislation coming in this way, it is unfortunate
that a matter of so much importance as this
should be presented to us now after only such
a discussion as can take place without imped-
ing other legislation which abides the event;
and still I could never acquit myself, for one,
if this report should pass without attention
being called to some of the things which seem
to me to be involved in it. Therefore, briefly,
I will state the reasons leading me to hope
that the motion of the Senator from Vermont
will prevail and that this report will be dis-
agreed to and another committee appointed
which I think is not likely to agree to any-
thing which will not be as satisfactory at least
as this is.
The foundation of the amendment of the
bill appears in print, and it has been altered
to conform to the views of the managers on
either side. One of the first erasures which I
notice is of words intended to provide that this
commission should not consist of citizens of
the States from which these claims are to come.
That struck me, as I saw it in the original print,
as a very wholesome provision. It struck me
as a provision confirming somewhat one of the
persuasions of the honorable Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] wherein he reminds us
of the safety of this proceeding because the
Presidentis to select these commissioners; and
it struck me it would give a look of impartiality
and of safety to it. It is stricken out, how-
ever, and, regardless of the residence of the
men, aboard of three commissioners is to be
appointed; and, of course, the appropriate
question, to begin with, is what is to be the
function, the ministration, the power of this
commission.
If it be only as the honorable Senator from
Missouri tells us, then it is not that which I
read in the bill. If it be only that they are to
sit as referees, to take testimony and report
it to the court, so to speak, and not in any
sense to hear or determine, then the honora-
ble Senator from Missouri is right in the as-
surance he gives us; but, as I read this bill,
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 124.
it fully and unmistakably commits the Gov-
ernment, if not technically, essentially, and
fairly to be bound by the recommendation of
these men, errors and mistakes of course ex-
cepted. Let us see what they are to do:
Whose duty it shall be to receive, examine, and
consider—
What ?
the justice and validity of such claims as shall be
brought before them.
What is " validity ?" It is, as defined by one
of the elementary writers, that which consti-
tutes the quality of strength and soundness in
law. When used in this connection, what is
the "justice" of claims? It is that question
which contains all the elements belonging
ral h«r to equity than to strict law.
Then, these commissioners are to consider
these claims, where they exist or do not exist,
either in law or in equity, or both ; and then
what? To report the evidence which they hear
to us? Not at all. There is no mode in which
Congress is ever to catch a glimpse of the
evidence upon which these men base their
finding. I will show you in a moment that
there is nothing here requiring them to hear
evidence in any sense known in a court of law
or to the terms of jurisprudence; but at this
moment I call attention to the fact that the
evidence on which these commissioners are to
act is never to be submitted to Congress or to
anybody else. Let us see next what they are
to do:
And upon satisfactory evidence—
As I said, 1 will show in a moment what the
evidence may be—
upon satisfactory evidence of the justice and validity
of any claim, the commissioners shall report—
What? The evidence that they have taken ?
No, sir, but—
their opinion in writing in each case, and shall cer-
tify the nature, amount, and value of the property
taken, furnished, or used as a,foresaid.
And turning over I find that—
Two members of the board shall constitute a quo-
rum for the transaction of business, and the agree-
ment of two shall decide all questions in controversy.
Does any man suppose this is in the nature
of a reference, as we should say in court, to a
master in chancery, to take testimony and
report it to the court? Such an officer has
nothing to decide, nothing that two can decide,
and nothing that three can decide, not even to
overrule a question of evidence. He can merely
state the objection and the grounds of it, and
send it up to the court above, that they may
pass upon it and strike it out if it is inadmis-
sible, or allow it. But here, in clear contem-
plation of this language, these commissioners,
the three, if they are there, and two if there
be but two, are to state their opinion of the
existence or non-existence of a claim in law
or in equity, and to decide all questions in
controversy.
Now, Mr. President, it seems to me very
clear that although an individual might upon
technical grounds be able to prove that he
was not estopped in court, having constituted
such an agency as this, and that he might liti-
gate the question whether he was bound or
not, the ground upon which he would stand
would be too narrow for a great Government
to plant itself upon and undertake to say, after
adopting this as the law, that we would not
recognize a claim as to which no fraud was
alleged, as to which no mistake or surprise
was averred, but which fell within the fair
administration of the duties of this com-
mission. So that I take issue with the honor-
able Senator from Missouri upon that part of
his statement in which, as far as I can recall
his language, he told us that this did not bind
Congress, or the Government, or anybody in
the world. I say that that statement would
be true only of some proceeding by which evi-
dence was to be taken and perpetuated. Of
that he might affirm it, and therefore he might
affirm it of such a bill as I saw introduced in
the House the other day, strictly guarded in
that respect, with a provision merely for doing
that, so familiar to lawyers under the name of
taking testimony, to perpetuate it to the end
that the tooth of time should not.eat up the
real evidence in the case and leave us here-
after to the dangers that might come from
considering it when the real traces of the
truth had faded away.
Mr. President, I wish to call the attention
of the Senator next—and I mean to be very
brief about this matter—to the fact that these
men are to pass upon that standard of loyalty
which is set up in the bill upon which the hon-
orable Senator from Oregon was warranted,
as I will read to show, in every word he said.
They are to pass upon that, and they may pass
upon it without having before them one scin-
tilla of legal evidence pro or con. Let me see
if I am mistaken in that:
And the said commissioners in considering said
claims shall be satisfied from the testimony of wit-
nesses under oath, or from other sufficient evidence,
which shall accompany each claim—
There need not be an affidavit, there need
not be. a certificate, there need be nothing in
the world but that persuasion brought to bear
upon the minds of these men which leads them
to say that they are satisfied that the evidence
is morally sufficient to convince them—
of the loyalty and adherence of the claimant
to the cause and the Government of the United
States—
Now comes what the Seuator from Oregon
referred to—
before and at the time of the taking or furnishing
of the property for which any claim shall be made.
Let me stop there a minute. The Senator
from Oregon was quite right in saying that a
man might recover his claim without present-
ing any legal evidence whatever of his loyalty,
who was able in some mode to satisfy these
commissioners that on the day it was taken
and on the day before he was loyal, even if
he stood in flagrant and bloody opposition to
his Government from that day to this. The
Senator said that, and he was right in saying it.
Bat, Mr. President, this same provisiou as
to this evidence, which need not be under oath
upon the question, is extended to the whole
existence of the claim and its amount, as I
will show you. It is to be upon the oath of
witnesses "or from other sufficient evidence "
as to the loyalty before and at the time of the
taking, "and of the quantity, quality, and value
of the property alleged to have been taken or
furnished, and the time, place, and material
circumstances of taking or furnishing the
same." Did any lawyer ever hear of a provis-
ion like that by which the whole merits of a
controversy might be heard, tried, and determ-
ined, without a witness being called or without
any legal evidence being produced, without
there being acertified copy of an original record
in a Department of the Government, or any
other matter or thing under heaven except
that which in the particular case would con-
vince the mind of the man who was to be the
trier? I say, Mr. President, that I know
nothing in the history of Governments with
written laws, which seems to me the fellow of
this provision.
Again, look for one moment at the claims
which these men are to consider and see
whether that has been stated too broadly
by anybody. It is to be now: "all claims
brought before them for stores or supplies
taken or furnished during the rebellion for the
use of the Army, including the use and loss of
vessels or boats while employed in the mili-
tary service of the United States." Look at
this a moment. " Stores or supplies." What
are they? Are they not, I ask the honorable
Senator from Missouri, whose military educa-
tion is so much better than mine, anything and
everything, whether for man or beast, that
enters into the nourishment, the subsistence,
and the support of an army? I take it my
definition is narrow enough to be safe. As I
understand the law now—and I ask the hon-
orable Senator, from Wisconsin whether I am
