mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
sight in that—a claimantfrom a State never
in insurrection cannot receive from a Depart-
ment payment for supplies unless he has a
receipt or a voucher. Is not that so ?
.Mr. HOWE. No; I do not understand it to
be so.
Mr. CONKLING. What does the honor-
able Senator understand to be the rule ?
Mr.HOWE. Iunderstandtheruletobethis:
that if any sufficient evidence—I quote now
the language of the provision in the Senator's
hanes—if any sufficient evidence is laid before
the Quartermaster General or Commissary
General that stores have been used by their
departments, whether receipted for or not,
they are authorized to allow payment.
Mr. CONKLING. That is, if it were done
not in the theater of war.
Mr. HOWE. Not in States in insurrection.
Mr. CONKLIN&. If it were done in the
theater of war and the party has a quartermas-
ter's voucher or a receipt, that case is provided
for already, is it not ?
Mr. HOWE. No ; it is not provided for.
Mr. MORTON. It is excluded by the old
law.
Mr. HOWE. That cannot be paid at all
under the existing law.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me see if the Sen-
ators understand me. Am I wrong in suppos-
ing that if a party has a quartermaster's receipt
he may present that as the foundation of his
claim and evidence of it?
Mr. WARNER. The Senator is wrong. He
cannot do it. I think I can state the exact
law to the Senator from New York. In the
States not in rebellion the commissary and
quartermaster departments may pay for sup-
plies taken for the Army, whether under a
contract, where vouchers were given, or not.
The act of July 4, 186-1, provides that persons
living inStates not in rebellion, who furnished
supplies, or from whom supplies were taken,
may present them to the commissary and quar-
termaster departments and they may be paid.
In the rebellious States no claims can be paid
for supplies of any character under any circum-
stances. The law is clear; and I have my-
self had occasion to submit quartermaster's
vouchers, regularly given by officers of the
Army whom I personally knew, for supplies
taken, and the answer was that there was no
law which authorized their consideration.
Mr. HOWE. I think the Senator from
Alabama does not mean to use the word
"voucher." I believe that applies to a quar-
termaster's warrant only; a quartermaster's
check or draft, which is negotiable paper, and
can be paid ; but a quartermaster's receipt, a
paper which simply acknowledges the receipt
of property, if given in those districts, is a
very different thing from a voucher.
Mr. WARNER. What we understand in
the Army by the word "Voucher" is that it
may include a receipt, a certificate for prop-
erty, given to the party from whom it was
taken ; that if a quartermaster went to a man's
barn and took his corn, he gave him what we
call vouchers, or receipts ; certificates of the
fact, in duplicate or triplicate.
Mr. HOWE. I believe the term "voucher"
has a broader signification than I stated.
Mr. WARNER. Such a receipt is consid-
ered a voucher; but even in that case, in the
rebellious States, such claims cannot be paid
or even considered.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President 
Mr. McDONALD. Before the Senator from
New York proceeds further, will he allow me
to say a word?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. McDONALD. 1 will state, in answer
to the Senator from Wisconsin, that in our
State actual vouchers were issued, certified by
the quartermaster and commissary, and when
you take such a voucher to the Department,
if it appears that it is from the State of Ark-
ansas, payment will not be made on the
ground that that was a State in insurrection.
That is the reason why I find so much fault
with the law as it now stands.
Mr. CONKLING. I have now the act in
my hand, and I think I can make my .under-
standing of it clear ; which will be sufficient
for the present purpose. In the first place the
act of 1864 takes from the Court of Claims all
jurisdiction in reference to claims for property
taken during the warany where. Thatdisposes
of that. Then it proceeds to provide in the
second section:
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That all claims
of loyal citizens, inStates not in rebellion, for quar-
termasters' stores actually furnished to the Army of
the United States, and receipted for by the proper
officer receiving the same, or which may have been
taken by such officers without giving such receipt,
may be submitted to the Quartermaster General of
the United States, accompanied with such proofs as
each claimant can present of the facts in his case ;
and it shall be the duty of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral to cause such claim to be examined, and if con-
vinced that it is just, and of the loyalty of the claim-
ant, and that the stores have been actually received
or taken for the use of and used by said Army, then
to report each case to the Third Auditor of the
Treasury with a recommendation for settlement."
The point to which I wish to direct attention
is that this provision, even in the case where a
voucher is given, is confined first to the case
of quartermaster's stores, and second to the
case of their being taken by the proper officers
and actually used by the Army.
Mr. WARNER. The Senator does not want
to be mistaken. In the next section the same
provision is made for commissary stores.
Mr. CONKLING. I am entirely aware of
that. Commissary stores are provided for else-
where, but quartermaster's stores are provided
for here; and I want to call attention to the fact
that a specific description is given, and that
the requirement is that they must have been
taken by the proper officers and their use must
be traced in a certain way. Do not let me stop
upon that, because my purpose is to point out
how much broader in some respects is the pro-
vision before us. This is to be for "stores or
supplies," no matter if they be not quarter-
master's stores or commissary stores :
For stores or supplies taken or furnished during
the rebellion for the use of tho Army, * * *
* including the use and loss of vessels or boats
while employed in the military service of the United
States.
Is there anything like that in any act appli-
cable to the North or to the South? If there
is, I ask some Senator to tell me where that
is. "The use and loss of vessels or boats,"
no matter how, during the rebellion! I ven-
ture to say it is far beyond anything that has
been carried into any statute in favor of any
class of claimants.
And now, when you consider the looseness
of this process that is proposed, when you
consider that the Government is to be com-
promised, is to be compromitted, is to be
bound, if not technically, in that sense which
a great Government cannot evade, whether an
individual might with safety to his reputation
attempt it or not, and then when you consider
what a drag-net is to be spread over these
claims, I do not wonder that the two Senators
from Arkansas and the Senator from Tennes-
see, and other Senators known to be the friends
within what they deem proper limits of these
claims, should concur in saying that they con-
sider this a loose and dangerous proposition,
I submit that we ought to disagree to this
report. There is no other subject of differ-
ence, as I understand will be none, between
the two Houses, and let another committee
adhere to the proposition which was perfected
in this body, or make something like it, or
make something which we can agree upon
without overstepping those limits which have
heretofore been contended for by the warmest
friends of provisions in this direction.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I am too con-
scious of the very great value of time to detain
the Senate by a full discussion of this subject
or to give it even in a small degree the atten-
tion which its importance demands. Now let
us come right to the point. Both branches of
Congress have acted upon this question. The
House of Representatives have passed a bill
embodying the provisions that are contained
in this conference committee's report, in a
form, as the Senator from New York will con-
cede, much more objectionable to him than
the form in which it is reported by the confer-
ence committee.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon of the Sen-
ator, as he appeals to me. I deny that entirely.
On the contrary, things are stricken out and
interpolated, the effect of which I understand
to be the other way.
Mr. COLE. I do not wish to be inter-
rupted just at this moment. Further, the Sen-
ate have passed in this same bill a proposition
to which I wish to call the attention of the
Senator from New York ; it is embodied in
the bill as we have it before us by a large vote
of the Senate ; and it is to remove all restric-
tion from the loyal citizens in insurrectionary
or rebel States with regard to presenting their
claims to the quartermaster and commissary
departments. When they are there presented,
as they would be if the bill as amended by the
Senate should pass, then the Commissary Gen-
eral or the Quartermaster General, in which-
ever department the claim was presented, must
direct an examination to be made. It will be
conceded that the Quartermaster General him-
self cannot examine these claims personally,
and it will as readily be conceded that the Com-
missary General cannot examine them person-
ally; and the law contemplates that they need
not do it personally because it says of each
that he "shall cause an examination to be
made," and when that examination is made
by some clerk in some bureau, and the Quar-
termaster General or Commissary General is
satisfied of the correctness of the claim, it is
to be reported to the Third Aucliter and its
settlement recommended ; and that is the pro-
vision which has passed this body.
Now, sir, both branches of Congress have
acted on this subject in such a way as to dis-
tinctly recognize the propriety of a payment
of the claims of loyal citizens in the States
once in rebellion. That we must recognize.
We start out with that proposition, that these
claims have thus been recognized by the two
Houses. When the matter is presented to a
conference committee, they, instead of adopt-
ing the proposition that the Senate presents,
which is subject to the objections I have just
detailed, take in a much modified form the
proposition of the House to authorize the
establishment of a commission to pass upon-
these claims.
Now, somebody has to examine these claims.
If they are to be recognized, somebody must
make an examination of them ; and it must
be by a commission of responsible and intelli-
gent gentlemen, men of character and capa-
city, men of ability and learning, or by some
clerk in the office of the Commissary General
or of the Quartermaster General. I ask Sena-
tors which do they prefer shall examine them?
Shall they be examined by a responsible com-
mission, a commission to be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice of the Sen-
ate, the Senate being the judge of the capacity
and fitness of the men, or shall they be exam-
ined, as proposed in the bill as it passed the
Senate, by some irresponsible clerk ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I just there ask my
friend from California a question for informa-
tion?
Mr. COLE. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 ask why the committee
of conference, as^ it seems to have done as I
read the report—if I am mistaken my friend
will correct me—while it has provided that
the appointment of the first set of commission-
ers shall be by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, has allowed the President,
the future President, year after next, whoever
he may be, to fill up any vacancies that may
occur, without the advice and consent of the
Senate ?
