1358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
ury informed the gentleman, as he informed me
that under the act of 1848 the amount realized
in this way stood to the credit of the appropri-
ations for the Army, but that under the act
passed by Congress on the 15th of June last
none of that money could be expended, but
that it would at the end of the fiscal yea® go
into the general Treasury by virtue of that act.
He told us that such was bis decision as well
as the decision of the two Comptrollers of the
Treasury.
Mr. BECK. Let me ask the gentleman
one question, for I want information upon this
point. Did not the Secretary of the Treasury
inform us that it was impossible for him to tell
what amount had been received from the sales
of property in the Army ; that the amount was
paid over to the accounting officers, and that
he only received their balances; and that he
could not give us the information without im-
mense trouble? Did he not tell us that he did
not know the amount, but that he would'try
to keep a record of such amounts hereafter?
Mr. DICKEY. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury stated that, owing to the manner in which
the accounts with the disbursing officers had
been kept, it would be very difficult for him
to give precise information upon this point
without immense clerical labor, involving,
of course, an examination of the separate ac-
counts, but that the new system of keeping
accounts under his administration of the
Treasury would enable him to ascertain such
amounts at any time.
So far as regards an increase of the pay of
the Army, there was, as I understand, an in-
crease in the pay of all the officers remaining
in the Army, from lieutenants to lieutenant
colonels, but by striking off the allowance for
servants and servants' clothing and the various
commutations which were formerly allowed,
the pay of all the officers above the rank of
lieutenant colonel was actually diminished.
While the bill on this subject was pending in
this House last year the officers of the pay
department came here with a statement that
with the then existing number of officers and
men the bill of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] would not reduce the pay, but
would increase it, according to the then exist-
ing basis of the Army, $1,500,000. The gen-
tleman from Illinois disputed that proposi-
tion. He said that in those estimates were
included allowances not authorized by law,
for officers' quarters, &c. ; that the estimate
was an attempt of the pay department to
defeat his bill. Those were the facts, as I
understand them. But whether or not that
bill increases the pay of the Army is an im-
material question with reference to the mat-
ter now before this committee. The House
passed that bill deliberately. Right or wrong
it was forced upon the War Department, and
forced upon the executive branch of the Gov-
ernment. The executive officers have simply
estimated the requirements of existing laws ;
and in making those estimates they have re-
duced the expenses of the Army in the gross
over $2,000,000.
Mr. BECK. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I renew it; and I do this for
the purpose of making an explanation, inas-
much as this question has been brought before
the House by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] for some reason or the other, I
know not what. If the House will give me
their attention for a few minutes I think I can
satisfy them in reference to this matter of the
pay of the officers of the Army. It is a patent
fact to the House and the country that this bill
does reduce the pay of the Army over two mil-
lion dollars. That certainly must be evident
to the House. Where that reduction comes
in makes no difference. It has been reduced.
I say that a statement sent to the House by
the Secretary of the Treasury is in error, with-
out any intention on his part whatever; but it
is such an error as any gentleman may fall into
who is not conversant with the subject. He
signed the statement, I suppose, as it was made
by the clerks of his Department, who desire
their own salaries to be increased. Hence,
they made a statement which is not true. I
state to this House that it is not a true state-
ment.
Let me prove to the House that it is not
true, and I will do it from a certified state-
ment made by the Paymaster General as to
the amount of pay paid to the Army; and he
ought to know. Let ns see what it-is; and I'
will ask the House to permit me to have printed
in the Globe as a part of my remarks the cer-
tified statement of the Paymaster General of
the United States Army as to the amount of
pay of every officer in the United States Army,
from the general down to the second lieuten-
ant, as well as of the medical officers. Let us
see how incorrect is the statement of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. For instance: at the
time the bill called my bill passed the House
I said that the pay of the General was over
eighteen thousand dollars. Here is the state-
ment of the Secretary of the Treasury declar-
ing his pay at that time to have been $45,678.
Here is his statement declaring the pay of the
Lieutenant General to be $14,000, of a major
general $7,444, (in Washington,) of a briga-
dier general $5,000, and so on down the list.
I will show you by the certified statement of
the Paymaster General that there is not a word
of truth in that statement.
The certified statement of Mr. Brice, Pay-
master General at the time.the bill was intro-
duced and passed by this Congress, his state-
ment, giving the pay ofthe officers of the Army,
is different. Let me call the attention of
the House to it. The pay of the General of
the Army, with his income tax deducted, is
$18,780 20. His pay altogether is over nine-
teen thousand, according to the Paymaster Gen-
eral, while the Secretary of the Treasury states
it to be $15,000. There is only an error of
$4,000 in the statement of the Secretary of the
Treasury! This certificate of the Secretary
of the Treasury is made ignoring commutation
of quarters, clothing for servants, and every-
thing of that kind.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose; and a mes-
sage was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill (S.
No. 1341) for the relief of J. & C. M. Dailey,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed without amendment House bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 2691) to repeal an act of
the Legislature of Wyoming Territory appor-
tioning said Territory for members of the coun-
cil and the house of representatives of the
territorial Legislature;
A bill (H. R. No. 2707) for the relief of
General John C. McQuiston and Jeremiah W.
Skeen. of Indiana;
A bill (H. R. No. 2666) for the relief of
Henry Clay Williams, late receiver of public
moneys at Eau Claire, Wisconsin ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2504) to provide for the
apportionment of the members of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Colorado ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 478) for the
relief of John L. Thomas, jr., and Edwin H.
Webster", the present and former collector of
customs at Baltimore, and late United States
designated depositaries; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 503) for the
relief of John E. Haggerty, of St. Louis, Mis-
souri.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
Mr. BECK. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment pro forma, for the purpose of surrender-
ing the time to which I will be entitled to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logax.]
Mr. LOGAN. I am much obliged to the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] for his
courtesy, for I am desirous of giving these
explanations because this thing has been mis-
represented to the country without, any inten-
tion, I presume, on the part of the Secretary of
the Treasury, or on the part of members of
Congress who have made the same statement
on this floor. When the resolution which called
forth this statement was introduced by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofiei.d]
1 went to that gentleman, with the resolution
in my hand, and said, '• Mr. Scofield, if you
do not word this resolution exactly right you
will not get the truth."
In the gentleman's resolution the word used
was " pay."' Now, any man who has been an
officer in the Army understands what is meant
by the word "pay," and knows that it does
not embrace commutation of quarters, fuel,
servants, clothing, and all that sort of thing.
" Pay" is pay proper. The paymaster, prior
to the passage of the bill which I introduced
in this House, paid the officer pay proper, and
his allowances for commutation of quarters,
&c., were made up by the quartermaster's
department and commissary department. That
was the way in which the pay of the officers of
the Army was made up before. Therefore only
the pay proper was certified, without the addi-
tion of all these things which we struck off, and
which brought up the pay of the General of the
Army to over nineteen thousand dollars.
I have thus shown in what way the country
has been deceived or attempted to be deceived
in reference to this thing. And why isthi3?
The object is to induce the Congress of the
United States to go back to the old system
under which the country could be plundered
without any discovery being made. There are
many men in the Army who would like to
have this law repealed, and to go back to the
old system, so that they might have servants'
clothing, servants' hire, fuel, forage, quarters,
and everything else of that kind added on,
besides their mileage and their " fogy " rations
added every five years.
Now let me show to the House what was the
pay of a major general and of a brigadier
general at the time this law passed. I will
show it from the statement over the certificate
of Mr. Brice. Major General Halleck received
$9,862 per annum ; Major General Meade,
$9,342; Major General Hancock, $9,524;
Major General Schofield, $9,735, and so on.
Brigadier General McDowell received $7,428;
Brigadier General Cooke, $7,622, and so on.
The brigadier generals received from six to
nearly eight thousaud dollars. The major
generals all received over nine thousand dol-
lars prior to the passage of the bill of which
I had charge. They now receive $7,500, and
the brigadier generals $5,500, and so down-
ward. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Dickey] has stated the case correctly. I'ho
bill I introduced in Congress increased the pay
of officers ofthe Army from second lieutenant
up to lieutenant colonel. From General down
to lieutenant colonel it curtailed the pay. It
is exactly what I told the House when the bill
was under discussion here, two graduating
scales from the two extremities meeting at
the center, and the pay of all being fairly
adjusted according to rank. That was my
statement at the time, and my statement now
is the same, and it is the truth. The result
has been precisely what I stated then ; nothing
more, nothing less.
But I go a little further. When I heard this
thing was going lo be done I went to work
myself, and have prepared a statement showing
the pay of every officer in the Army from Gen-
eral down to second lieutenant. I have given
in every case the pay they received at the timo
the bill passed and the pay they receive now.
