532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
[Mr. Banks] gets up here and undertakes to
charge somebody with prodacing noise and
confusion here, so that gentlemen shall not
understand the action of the House, he is stat-
ing that which, to say the least of it, is not in
accordance with his usual courtesy.
I simply ask now that when this subject is
understood, as it is now understood, we shall
adhere to the resolution we have already
adopted. I now yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BANKS. I believe I have the floor. I
will yield to my colleague, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I was in
the House at the time the resolution in question
was brought forward. I had known of the
existence of a desire that something should be
done to facilitate action in regard to ocean tele-
graphing. I observed the resolution when it
was read; I listened to it with great care. If
my memory serves me right, the resolution was
read twice; the second time at the request of
some member.
Mr. BANKS. It was not read the second
time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me. Will the Chair slate, or permit the Clerk
to state, how that was?
The SPEAKER. It is the unanimous rec-
ollection of both the Chair and the Clerk of
the House that the resolution was read twice;
once on the request of a gentleman on the other
side.
Mr. BUTLEU, of Massachusetts. Yes; it
was read once, then the question stated upon
it, and then it was re-read and the question
• distinctly put to the House.
Mr. J UDD. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask a question V
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. J UDD. I desire to ask the gentleman
if he was not in conference with the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr.
Banks,] conversing with him when aclion was
taken on that resolution?
Mr. BU fl.EH, of Massachusetts. No, I was
not at that time ; 1 had been before. Now let
as see exactly what is proposed to be done.
Let us firstconsider the condition of tho coun-
try , and then consider what it is proposed to do.
'This Congress is now nearly at the close
of its ihild find last .scission, and no bill upon
the subject has been bi ought before the House
for its action. We had not long since three
lines of telegraphic cable across the. ocean to
Europe; two of t,hem have been broken, and
we are now dependent upon one line alone
for all our telegraphic communication to and
from abroad. A continuance of this condition
of things may result in financial disaster to
this country, because all our business, all our
exchanges, are based upon the idea that our
Iiiercliiiiits shall have daily and hourly inter-
course with the great commercial centers of
Europ". And it this state of things continues,
in connection with the war in Europe and the
present uncertainty of exchanges, it can* but
result in disaster to a large number of our
best business men.
We see novv this remarkable spectacle : that
when two of these three lines have been
broken, belonging to the same company, that
moment the company controlling the French
cable put up the chaiges to double the former
rates; that is to say, when they have double
the amount of business to perform they charge
double price, instead of reducing the chaiges
to one half the old rates, as one would have
supposed they would have done. What fol-
lowed? There was then a steamer out, grap-
pling for the old cable which had broken ; and
I observed that soon after ihe double price was
put on that steamer got short of coal and
came home ; and 1 have not heard that there
lias been any grappling going on since, except
in this House. [Laughter.] And there will
not be any grappling, in my judgment, so long
as they caa double the price and divide the
spoils.
Now, I do not believe that any gentleman in
this House desires that this state of things shall
continue ; and there is not a gentleman here
who does not know that if this matter is left to
two several committees there is the end of it
for this session; that in the usual course of
proceedings between the two Houses there will
be no report this session in any form which will
secure legislation. Keeping the question in
the hands of any one of these committees will
simply prevent all legislation on the subject.
Besides, it is no reflection on the Committee
011 Foreign Affairs that the House chose to
take this bill out of its hands and put it into
the hands of a joint committee.
Mr. BANKS. The House did not do that;
there was not one word said about it; and the
House did not comprehend the action implied
in the adoption of the resolution. The wrong
and injustice of which we complain is that the
resolution was passed without the House know-
ing what it was. The gentleman knows per-
fectly well that the House did not know what
it was.
_Mr. STARKWEATHER. IknowtheHouse
did understand it; and the gentleman ought to
have understood it.
Mr. BANKS. My colleague on the commit-
tee, the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Shel-
don,] asked the gentleman from Connecticut,
after he had gone to the desk and letumed,
what was the character of the resolution, and
the gentleman refused to give him any inform-
ation.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I would rather
have that statement from the gentleman from
New York than from the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman will have it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only want
to add that now we know what this resolution
is. 11 is to put this question of ocean telegraphs
in tlie hands of a select committee; and I am
in favor of it.
One word further. There is not a word
about an appropriation in the resolution. There
are great claims on the one side and oil the
other, some of which will, and some of which,
1 have no doubt, will not be considered. But
I am content, so far as I am concerned, that
the gentleman himself shall be put upon the
committee, or that every member ®f the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, if it be practicable,
may be joined with the Senate committee. All
I desire is that something may be done, so that
this telegraphic monopoly shall not be con-
tinued another year without any hope of getting
at it.
Mr. BANKS. I now yield to my colleague
011 the committee, the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. JTiidd.]
Mr. J UDD. Mr. Speaker, I have listened
to the remarks of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [.Mr. Butler,] and it does seem to
me that he is trying to present to the House
a false issue as to the question novv before it.
ihe chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs [Mr. Basks] has stated that the com-
mittee has considered this entire subject, has
prepared a general bill, not a special bill, and
is ready to report it for the action of the House
the moment the committee may be called.
Why, then, does the gentleman from Massa
chusetts [Mr. Butler] complain of inaction?
Again, Mr. Speaker, it is known to this
House that at the last session an application
for a subsidy of $10,000,000 was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and that
committee voted against granting it. Within
less than a week after that vote was taken it
was noised about this House that the Com-
mittee oti Foreign Affairs would be relieved
fiom the charge of this matter, and that it
would be referred to a special committee.
That led to a discussion in the committee, and
it was understood that we should give our
attention to any attempt to take this matter
fram the jurisdiction of our committee.
The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Starkweather] seems to be very sensitive ;
but I will repeat the statement which has
already been made. The gentleman from Con-
necticut left his seat, which is in the back part
of the Hall, and took a seat in front in order
to offer the resolution. When he returned to
his seat the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Sheldon] asked him what the resolution was,
and he declined to explain it.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman is entirely wrong. I offered the reso-
lution from my seat. It was read twice while
I stood in my seat, and the motion for recon-
sideration was made and laid on the table.
Mr. BANKS. I saw the gentleman passing
down the aisle myself.
Mr. JUDD. I wish to say to the House, in
addition to \that I have already said, that the
Committee on Foreign Affairs was, by the gen-
eral resolution distributing the President's
message, charged with this subject. In addi-
tion to that it has had all of these various
claimants before it. The resolve of the com-
mittee was to get rid of thisquestionby report-
ing a general bill, by which any one complying
with the terms of it might build an Atlantic
cable. If that does not answer the purpose
of the gentleman from Massachusetts he must-
have something beyond the purpose of destroy-
ing monopolies.
Mr. BANKS. I now yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask to have
read an extract from the Globe, giving ail
account of this whole transaction.
Mr. BANKS. Let it be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
"ocean telegraph cables.
" Mr. St arkweatiier submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution, upon which he demanded the
previous question:
"'Whereas several proportions relating to the
construction oflinesof ocean cables from theshores
of the United States to the shores of foreign countries
have been made in both Houses ot Congress, and
referred to several and diiferent committees of the
same: Therefore.
"' Be it resolved by the House of lieprexcntativci,
(the Senate concurring,) That all bills, resolutions,
petitions, and papers whatsoever now before Con-
gress or any committee of either llouse, or that may
herealter be ottered, relating to the subject of ocean
cables, be, and are hereby, referred to a joint com-
mittee ot tive on the part of the Senate and eight on
the part of the House, to be appointed by the Pre-
siding Officers of the two Houses, respectively, with
power.to call for persons and papers, and to report
at any time, by bill or otherwise.'
" The previous quest ion was seconded and the main
question ordered; and under tho operation thereof
the resolution was nerecd to.
"Mr. Stark weai her moved to reconsider the vote
by which the lesolution was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid on the
table.
^ The latter motion was agreed to.
_ "Mr. Wood, (some time subsequent.) The resolu-
tion pn-'entod awhile ago by the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather] was not heaid or
understood, and I ask that it be again read. I did
not hear it, and I propose to move a reconsideration.
"TheSpeaker. It was read deliberately.
" Mr. Wooo. I claim the right to move a recon-
sideration.
" The Speaker. The Chair was unusually delib-
erate ill regard to it foraMond.iymorningcall. Tho
Chair observed that it was au important resolution,
and was surprised that some gentlemen dul not take
notice of it.
" Mr. Wood. I have taken notice of it now, and
desire to xnovc a reconsideration,
"TheSpE\ker. The vote by which the resolu-
tion was adopted was reconsidered and laid on the
table.
" Mr. Woor>. I doubt if live men in tho IIousc
understood it.
" The Speaker. That is not tho fault of the Chair.
"Mr. Wood. It is an attempt to take from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs a matter which has
been intrusted to that committee, and which it has
reported upon.
"The Speaker. That ia very true, and a single
objection on a point of order would have prevented
the resolution from being entertained, because it did
what could onl> be done under a suspension ol the
rules or by unanimous consent.
" Mr. ISaxkk. What is the question before the
Home?
SrEAKER. The gentleman from Now York
LMr. \\ OOD j desires tomove a reconsideration of the
vote by which a resolution was adopted; but a
motion to reconsider that vote has been already laid
on tile table. Tho Clerk will again read the resolu-
tion.
" The resolution was again read,
She Speaker. It will be observed that, so far as
