1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. COLE. I do not think that is the
proper construction to give to it. That is one
of the sharp things discovered by these very
sharp lawyers who have examined and criti-
cised this measure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then why are the words
"by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate" dropped from the clause as to the
filling of vacancies?
Mr. COLE. Of course these commission-
ers and their successors will be appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and
consent, of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why "ofcourse?"
Mr. COLE. That is the proper inference
from the language used. Thia point is a very
hypercritical one; but it is no more critical
than some points made by the distinguished
Senator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. I am glad that the Sen-
ator puts them on the same ground, because
this is in so many words stated on the face of
the bill; and if this objection is hypercritical,
those I made must be pretty sound.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Vermontrefers
to the appointment of these men the year after
next,, when they are particularly limited in the
bill to the space of two years, so that we can
get at these claims as quickly as possible, and
through a channel that will result in the least
danger to the Government', and secure a clear
and careful investigation by, I should hope, the
very best persons in all the country to make
the examination.
As I said at the outset, I am too conscious
of the great value of time to detain the Senate
further on this question. If the Senate are
dissatisfied with this report after the action
of the two Houses, let them appoint another
committee of conference ; I have not the least
objection in the world to it. I was opposed to
the proposition as it passed the Senate; I
voted against it and did all I could to prevent
its passage; but the Senate by a very consid-
erable majority did pass it, recognizing these
claims, and the House of Representatives
had recognized them by the passage of another
proposition by a still larger majority. Now,
inasmuch as they are to be recognized, I wish
to have them investigated with the utmost
possible care in order that the Government
may not be imposed upon and put to expense
which it ought not under any circumstances to
incur.
Mr. HOWE. I do not believe I will occupy
much of the time of the Senate, but I want to
say that if this measure be objectionable at
all I do not think the Senate ought to urge
the objection. I think the Senate has agreed
to one more objectionable.
It will not be contended by any one that if
it be right for the Government to pay a loyal
man anywhere in the South for quartermas-
ters' stores it ought not to pay for ordnance
stores or for medical stores ; but the Senate
has agreed to pay for commissary stores and
for quartermasters' stores. Substantially, this
measure now before the Senate differs in this
particular from the measure to which the
Senate has agreed only by adding medical and
ordnance stores to quartermasters' and com-
missary stores. But I say again, when you
have agreed to pay for the two last, will the
Senator from New York or my friend from
Vermont stand up before me and say you can-
not pay for ordnance and for hospital stores ?
Very well; then this is no more objectionable
in this particular than the act to which the
Senate has given its assent.
But in another particular it should be greatly
preferred by those who have been in tlie mi-
nority, greatly preferred to the act to which
we did give our assent the other night. Why ?
Because that act, properly I think, but still,
in the view of gentlemen who object to this
sort of l;gislation altogether, somewhat dan-
gerously, did provide that when the Quarter-
master General and Commissary General had
become satisfied of the validity of a claim for
stores usedin theirdepartmentsthedebtshould
be canceled by payment. This measure before
the Senate, on the contrary, simply provides
for an investigation into those claims and a
report of them, and of the amount thought to
be due upon them, to the Congress of the
United States; and not a dollar can be paid
until Congress has revised the action of this
commission and has appropriated the money
out of which to satisfy their judgments.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask a question?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator tell me, in that view of the case, whether,
in his judgment, to insure any proceeding ris-
ing to the dignity of investigation, there ought
not to be some provision made for the appear-
ance of a solicitor, or counsel, or attorney, or
agent, or somebody to look after the interests
of the Government, and contend with those
who no doubt will appear to look after the
interests on the other side? If it is to be an
investigation judicial does it not presuppose
some such arrangement as that?
Mr. HOWE. I have sat in this body, Mr.
President, a great many years, and have held
free intercourse with the Senator from New
York so many years that I know perfectly well
that we never shall answer any objection that
he may start so conclusively but that he can
start a new one. He now rises to ssk, in a
vein which he has not touched heretofore, if
this is to be an investigation, ought there not to
be solicitors or attorneys to represent the Uni-
ted States? I will answer the honorable Sen-
ator. I think not; but that is a question of
expediency ; myjudgmentsaysno. Why? The
men you appoint on this commission are to be
attorneys so far as the Government ought to
have attorneys; they are the agents of the
Government, appointed by the Government,
responsible to the Government, to report to
this body, where, God knows, the Govern-
ment has got lawyers enough to speak for it.
[Laughter.] I hope I am not understood as
speaking disrespectfully of the profession,
although I do not claim to belong to it. That
is a mere question of opinion ; I may be wrong
about it. I think, however, that the Govern-
ment does not need solicitors before this com-
mission, and for the reason I have already
assigned.
Mr. DAYIS. Will my honorable friend
allow me to make a suggestion to him?
Mr. HOWE. I am always glad to hear a
suggestion from my friend from Kentucky.
Mr. DAYIS. My honorable friend and my-
self have been engaged with other gentlemen
for about six long years in devising a mode by
which the claims of loyal men in the South for
supplies taken by the Government should be
paid. We have in. a great many instances
adopted the old rule of investigating each case
by itself, and made voluminous reports to the
Senate in favor of the payment of particular
claims upon what we conceived to be very
satisfactory evidence. Those claims have not
met with the favor of the Senate. Here is a
new and a distinct proposition for raising a
commission to be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice of the Senate, to go
into the southern States and there to hunt up
testimony in relation to the validity and truth
of these claims. That mode does not seem
to meet the approbation of a, great many
Senators who have opposed heretofore every
mode that has been devised or suggested for
the ascertainment of the claims of loyal citi-
zens and their payment. Now I suggest to
my friend from Wisconsin, the chairman of
the Committee 011 Claims, that he bring in a
bill offering a reward for the discovery of an
invention of a convenient and just and truth-
ful mode of ascertaining the claims of these
loyal citizens, that they may receive payment
at some time or other and in some form from
their Government.
Mr. IIOWE. My friend from Kentucky
makes a suggestion which raises painful rem-
iniscences. I do not like to dwell upon them.
I know that the Committee on Claims have
been in travail for a great many years, as he
suggests. ■ We have tried all sorts of expedi-
ents ; we have reported individual claims here.
I think we never have reported one that has
not been fought to the teeth, and I believe we
never reported one which has been acted upon
finally, that, the Senate did not assent to. We
tried several general bills. I myself reported
a bill which I tried to guard by every pro-
vision that I could think of to make the Gov-
ernment safe. I defined by the most precise
language I could find in the dictionary what
loyalty should consist of; that it should be
proved by acts done or by declarations made,
in aid of the Government while the rebellion
was rife. I defined the class of claims that
they should consider, and I confined it strictly
to claims for quartermasters' stores and com-
missary stores, and I provided further, in the
most express terms, that the commissioners
should only report their judgment and the tes-
timony upon which their judgment vested to
Congress, and not a dollar should be paid until
Congress had appropriated the money. But
that bill met with just as stout a resistance as
this or as Any other.
When the Senator from Arkansas [Mr.
McDonald] moved his amendment the other,
night, everybody knows that it was resisted
and resisted from the same quarter and in the
same way. The Committee on Claims have
tried to find some measure which would meet
the approbation of the Senate ; but we failed ;
that is to say we failed iti finding a measure
which would meet the approbation of all the
Senators. Omniscience Himself might pro-
vide a bill, possibly, to which my friend from
New York and others who act with him would
assent; but He has not yet.
Now, let me very briefly notice the objec-
tions that are urged here by the Senator from
New York. He says this testimony is not to
be reported, nothing but the conclusions of the
commission, and there is no way provided in
which Congress can get a glimpse at the testi-
mony they take. Is he right about that? This-
testimony is to be carefully reported byashort-
hand reporter. The bill does not expressly
say that the commission shall lay it before
Congress ; but does not the Senator know that
them is not any testimony anywhere, in any
of these bureaus, in any of these Departments,
which is not accessible to Congress ; and if it
is not voluntarily placed before Congress, it
is whenever a committee or the chairman of
a committee calls for it? And would not this
come just as quick and just as surely as that
Congress would ever make an appropriation
of a dollar without, seeing this testimony ?
Mr. CONKLING. It is not to exist at all..
Mr. HOWE. What is to become of it?
Are-these commissioners to chew up the testi-
mony after they have adjudicated the cases ?
Are they to burn it up ? Does the Senator
assume that they would destroy it? That
assumption is violent.
Mr. CONKLING. The bill does not assume
that they would ever take any.
Mr. HOWE. What are the short-hand
reporter and clerk provided for?
Mr. CONKLING. To keep a journal of
their proceedings.
Mr. HOWE. I think a journal of then-
proceedings could be kept without that ma
chinery.
Mr. CONKLING. So I think.
Mr. HOWE. The next objection is that
Congress will be bound to pay the awards or
the sum which this commission shall find to be
due in the several eases. The whole scope of
the act is right in the teeth of that assumption,
as I read it.
But then the Senator inveighs in very strong
!j terms upon that feature of the bill which re-
quires the commissioners to be satisfied either
i'l by testimony of sworn witnesses or other sufii-
ii cient evidence. That is full of danger, says
