534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
there is great danger that telegraphic commu-
nication across the ocean will be cut off; at
any rate, owing to the injuries to two of the
lines, it has become an odious monopoly. Any
accident that may happen to the third line will
leave us without telegraphic communication
across the water, and that brings to the atten-
tion of the public the necessity of multiply-
ing these lines, and in order to do that we
must have this action. Without, therefore, the
slightest idea that the action of the House
upon this matter could possibly be construed
into a reflection upon tny colleague or his com-
mittee, which I would not cast on any account,
I voted for the resolution of the gentleman
from Connecticut, and I hope it will remain,
because I think it the only way and the right
way to accomplish this object.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for the regular order.
Mr. BA.NKS. I yield for a moment to my
colleague upon the committee from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Myeivs.]
Mr. SARGENT. I would inquire if this
discussion is continuing by unanimous con-
sent, and if it cannot be slopped by a call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. It proceeds by general
consent.
Mr. SARGENT. Would it be terminated
by a call for the regular order?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman insisted
on the regular order it would be.
Mr. BANKS. I have the floor, and I have
been yielding by general consent to others.
Mr. SARGENT. I will not insist upon my
point of order just now.
Sir. BANKS. I bad unanimous consent of
the House to speak on this subject, and while
I was speaking 1 yielded to other gentlemen
who have spoken.
The SPEAKER. That is true.
Mr. DAWES. Was it not the arrangement
that my colleague [Mr. Ranks] should speak,
and then the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Staukwuatiikr] should be heard?
.Mr. BANKS. There was no such arrange-
ment. I said I would yield to others.
The SPEAKER. The point of order made
by the gentleman from California [Mr. Sau-
iient] would not prevent the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hanks] from continuing
his remarks, but it would prevent him from
yielding the floor to others. When unanimous
consent is given, of course it is given to the
gentleman who asks it for his own remarks,
and not that he may yield the floor to others.
Rut the gentleman from California [Mr. Sar-
ukst] does not insist on his point of order,
and tho gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Myicp.s] will therefore proceed,
Mr. MYKRS. I should like to state this ques-
tion as I understand it, for it seems to me to
be a very plain and clear one. The subject
of ocean telegraphic cables has been referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs by a bill,
by several bills. In addition to that the gen-
eral subject, mentioned in the President's
annual message, has been referred to that
committee; and other bills upon the same
subject have been referred to several other
committees.
The question nowbefore the House is whether
a resolution passed, it may be by the fault or
inadvertence of the members of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs themselves, when no one
was giving attention to that particular sub-
ject, taking the various bills and memorials
011 the subject of ocean telegraphing from the
various committees to which they have been
referred and committing them to a special
joint committee—the question now is whether
that resolution shall be rescinded. It is not
a question involving any reflection upon the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. The question
is whether, the resolution having been passed
when no one was giving attention to the sub-
jeet, it is now proper upon a clearer under-
standing of the subject to rescind that reso-
lution.
Why should this subject be referred to a
select committee of the two Houses? The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
says because there have been delays in bring-
ing the matter before the House. Who says
that there has been delay? Any company who
wants a charter? Any great public interest ?
Why, sir, the gentleman knows, or if he does
not he can ascertain by referring to the file of
bills 011 his table, that the Committee on For-
eign Affairs have prepared a bill, which they
reported to the House before the holidays and
had ordered to be printed and recommitted.
And when the Committee on Foreign Affairs
are called, which tliey will be soon, they will
be ready to report that bill for the considera-
tion of this House. That bill gives the con-
sent of Congress to the laying and maintain-
ing of telegraphic or magnetic lines of cables
between the United States and any foreign
countries, by means of " lines or cables laid
in any part thereof, in and over tho waters,
reefs, islands, shores, and lands within the
jurisdiction of the United States," subject to
certain restrictions in regard to public and
private dispatches, &c., facilitating the public
business, not giving it to any monopoly, as is
alleged by some to be the case, nor giving the
privilege to any company that wants to be a
monopoly.
That bill is now in such a condition that it
may speedily be brought before the House.
And to refer the subject to a select committee
at this time is to take it out of its present
forward position, merely because certain par-
ties who have petitioned Congress for subsidies,
and have had their petitions referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, have not met
with the favor that they desired. I suppose
those aie the paities who consider that there
has been delay. And yet a special committee
could not get the subject before the House any
sooner.
It is not a question, as I before said, of
touchiness on the part of committees. It is
a question whether the House, after having
referred this subject to a committee, will eon-
sent, whenever a gentleman can be found to
move a resolution to that effect, without oppor-
tunity to debate it, to authorize the appoint-
ment of special committees, with special chair-
men, who may claim to bo in favor of more
speedy action than has been given by the com-
mittee to which it lias been referred.
1 say this much not merely because I am a
member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
1 said as much the other day on behalf of
committees of which I am not a member. But
I state tho fact, and challenge contradiction,
that if the public wants additional lines of
ocean cable, the speediest way is to consider
the bill prepared by the Committee on Foreign
A flails. I want thellouso to understand that
it is not true that theie has been delay in con-
sidering this subject. Our committee has been
considering it. If the Committee on Com-
merce, or any other committee to which bills
on this subject have been referred, can be
called before our committee, we have no ob-
jection to the House acting on any proposition
which such committee may present. But to
enter on a new order of things, or to appoint
a new committco to please somebody outside, is
not, it seems to me, consistent with the dignity
of this House or propriety in the transaction
of its business.
Mr. BANKS. I yield for a few moments to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. I desire to say one word in vin-
dication of the Speaker, if he needs any vindi-
cation on this side of the House, from the
criticism which has been made upon his action.
Mr. WOOD. If my colleague [Mr. Cox]
refers to any remarks of mine, I wish to say
that I have already disclaimed any intended
disrespect to ward the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman as intending any disre-
spect.
Mr. COX. I do not undertako to say that
my colleague did reflect on the Speaker ; but
he said the Clerk read this resolution in an
inaudible tone of voice.
Mr. WOOD. I did. _
Mr. COX. And that it seemed to go through
the House without proper consideration. Now,
my distinct recollection, which is borne out
by every gentleman on this side, is that the
Chair was unusually deliberative in this mat-
ter, almost inviting objection and opposition.
I turned round to my honored colleague, [Mr.
Wood,] expecting that he would object to it,
knowing his interest in the matter. No objec-
tion, however, was made. I should have cheer-
fully sustained any objection which he might
have made at that time.
But, Mr. Speaker, all this matter in regard
to the merits of any system of telegraphing
under the ocean is irrelevant to the present
question. The only question at present is
whether we shall refer this matter to a com-
mittee who will give it a full and fair investi-
gation. So far as appears, the Committee on
Foreign Affairs has already prejudged this
question. As I understand the matter, I sus-
tain the view taken by my colleague. 1 desiie
that there shall be no monopoly of this busi-
ness  f ocean telegraphing. I want the fullest
liberty in reference to it. Let there be com-
petition between lines from every quarter, so
that the public may have the benefit of the
lowest rates. I would vote for any bill having
this object in view. But I do not propose at
this time to reverse the prior order of the
House on a statement which does reflect on
the conduct of the Speaker and other oiii-
eers of tho House, although gentlemen may
disclaim any such reflection. I propose to vote
against rescinding this resolution. Let us have
a full, fair, and complete investigation by a
committee appointed for this purpose, with
the aid of all the light which may be obtained
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Then
let the House pass upon the question, whether
it will give a monopoly of this business to any
class of men, or whether it will make it as free
as tho winds and the waves of the ocean.
Mr. BANKS. I now yield to my colleague
oil the committee, [Mr. Swaxn.]
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, 1 desire to say
one word on this subject. I fully concur with
my honorable friend from New York [Mr.
Cox] in regard to the mode in which this reso-
lution was passed. I was present, sir, and I
can confirm the statement of the Speaker, that
the question was deliberately put to this House,
and was acted upon as all other resolutions are
acted upon under similar circumstances. Tho
truth is, the House was not prepared for any
such resolution, and gave no attention to it.
The fault was with the House.
But, Mr. Speaker, this is a question which I
think makes an appeal to this House irrespect-
ive of the circumstances under which the reso-
lution was passed. This whole subject of
oceanic telegraphs, as is well known to the
House, was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, who have consumed much time
in its investigation. The able report prepared
by my honorable colleague from New York
[Mr. Wood] will, I am satisfied, present the
whole subject 111 a light which will save tho
House a great deal of time and trouble.
It is proposed now to refer this whole sub-
ject to a select committee, to take it out of
the haudsof the Committee on Foreign Affairs;
and one of the reasons urged is that the pub-
lic interests require that a speedy report shall
be made upon tho question. Mr. Speaker,
if gentlemen of the House want this matter
promptly disposed of, why should they not avail
themselves of the labors of the Committee oti
Foreign Affairs, whose deliberations have been
given to the subject for weeks, and who are
prepared to report whenever an opportunity
shall occur? How long will it take this special
committee to make a report?
If it is the desire of the House to have a
