1972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
the Senatbr; tbe bill does not require the com-
missioners to have even the sworn testimony
of witnesses ; they can act upon any kind of
information which they adjudge to be sufficient
evidence. Sir, it is indubitably so. If there
was a photograph or a newspaper placed before
t he commissioners and they thought it to be
sufficient evidence they could report their con-
clusion upon that; and if they laid that report
before Congress and Congress agreed that that
was sufficient evidence, then an appropriation
would be made to pay the claim. Bat does
the'Senator from New York or any other Sen-
ator assume that such testimony as that would
be accepted by a respectable commission, to
be selected by the President of the United
States and pass the muster of the Senate, as
sufficient evidence. It is only in such a body
as this that I ever found such testimony as that
to be acceptable. ' My experience is that that
sort of testimony goes further here than almost
any other. A newspaper is the thing which
convinces here. I doubt whether it would be
so very conclusive with this commission. But
these same claimants can come here to-day
■without the intervention of a commission, with-
out any investigation can make their claims
right to us, and if they do come with the news-
papers on their side they will go out with our
money in their pockets to a dead certainty. I
have never yet known a man who came in that
way to fail. I knew them to come and succeed
again and again. I knew one to come right
from the rebel service and ask us to give him
back a forfeited estate ; the newspapers backed
him up, and we saw the law and the testimony
as clear as sunlight, and he took his estate and
went home. No, Mr. President; when we put
in those words " sufficient testimony " we do
make these commissioners judges of what is
sufficient testimony ; and so every tribunal you
open in the land is made the judge in the first
instance of what 13 sufficient testimony, and
you have to be guided more or less by its
adjudication. Here you are not guided at
all, because you revise and correct.
Mr. President, another point made against
this report is that it provides for the payment
of "stores and supplies." That is so; and
there is a great chance for discussion as to what
constitutes "stores and supplies." That is
true. The Senator from New York thinks that
language lias very broad scope, and includes
almost everything. Perhaps this commission
would think so. Perhaps they would report
that if officers and soldiers of your Array went
into a jeweler's shop and furnished themselves,
each of them, with a chronometer, those were
stores and supplies within the meaning of this
act; and they might report that the Govern-
ment of the United States should pay for them ;
and if they did so report, and the two Houses
agreed to that report, you would pay for them,
no doubt. If the Senator really "believes it
would so find and we should so find, he ought
to distrust this measure. So he ought to dis-
trust all other measures, so he ought to pre-
elude this Congress and every other human
tribunal from having any discretion whatever,
because they are just as liable to abuse it.
_ Now, J am not going to occupy any more
time. I do not claim to be clothed with the
spirit of prophecy; but, in my judgment, it is
just as sure that the Government of the United
States has got to meet these claims, sooner or
later, as that time is flying. Another thing, in
my judgment is just as certain: that the sooner
you meet them and the squarer you meet them
the easier you will settle the bill. I believe,
as the Senator from Massachusetts said just
now, that you have endangered the Treasury,
have endangered the public interests by the
long delay to which you have subjected these
claimants; and I believe that every year you
add to that delay you increase the danger which
hangs over us. Therefore, I shall vote for this
report of (he committee of conference. If I
had drawn either of these measures I should
have drawn it differently. I shall vote for this,
however, because it is a step in the right direc-
tion. We can add any additional securities
that we want hereafter; we can perfect this in
any way we please : but it is taking one step.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to lay this report
on the table. I want to see if we cannot get
something that we can act upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas moves that the report of the confer-
ence committee be laid on the table,
Mr. POMEROY. The conference report
on the naval appropriation bill is ready, I
understand. We can act on that.
Mr. COLE. It is not signed yet.
Mr, POMEROY. I will withdraw the motion
if we can agree to vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairunder-
stands that three conference reports have been
agreed on but are not yet signed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I shall renew the motion
if it be withdrawn, unless the Senate is ready
to act now.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know how any-
thing can be agreed upon if it is not signed.
If the Senate will vote I will withdraw my
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the report of the committee
of conference.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President 
Several Senators. Oh, let us vote.
Mr. WARNER. I wish to say a single
word on this question, and I beg that the Sen-
ate will indulge me in doing so. The Senator
from Vermont seems to have great fear lest
this is a proposition to provide for some out-
going members of Congress. I presume this
measure was a surprise on every Senator ; but
when it is known that in the committee of
conference it was adopted on the motion and
and on the- suggestion of the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Blaze] I think it will not be
thought that he was looking to any appoint-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not hear the Sen-
ator's remark. I wish he would repeat it.
Mr. WARNER. I remarked that the Sen-
ator from Vermont, in order to prejudice this
measure, seemed to intimate that it might
be to provide for outgoing members of Con-
gress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought I understood
the Senator from Alabama to say something
about the Senator from Missouri which I did
not hear.
Mr. WARNER. I say, when it is under-
stood that this proposition was moved in the
committee of conference by the Senator from
Missouri, the Senate will hardly attribute to
him any desire to create a place for anybody.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Alabama
will pardon me for saying that anybody who
had studied this provision could not fail to
know that it was the work of the Senator from
Missouri. That is perfectly obvious.
Mr. COLE. I will inform the Senator that
it had no such origin whatever.
Mr. THAYER. I will state 
Mr. ANTHONY. I would like to ask the
Senator from California if he has any other
appropriation bill. If so, we had better take
it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama is entitled to the floor unless he
yields ; and if he does yield, he will state to
whom.
Mr. WARNER. To the Senator from Ne-
braska.
Mr. THAYER. We were informed by the
House members of the committee of confer-
ence that this bill was drawn up by Mr. Wash-
burn, of Massachusetts, a member of the Com-
mittee of Claims of the House.
Mr. POMEROY. I rise to a question of
order. I want to know if it is in order to refer
to what individual members of a committee of
conference either do or say?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not, except
by a formal report made by the committee to
the body. Like every other committee, the
proceedings of a conference committee cannot
be disclosed except by a formal report made
to the body which has appointed it.
Mr. WARNER. I simply rose to remark
that I prefer the proposition which passed the
Senate, merely because it puts the loyal men
in the rebellious States on the same footing as
those in the northern States. That is what I
have always contended for; it is all I have
asked for. It is the recognition of that prin-
ciple alone that I deein important. I prefer
it. further because that provides the means of
immediate payment, and that is the end of the
matter. I supposed when this measure was
presented here that because it provided for a
preliminary examination, committed the Gov-
ernment to nothing, and gave Congress a
review of the whole matter with the amount
of claims ascertained and placed before them,
it would be more acceptable to those who deny
the right and justice of the payment of those
claims.
Mr. TIIAYER. The Senator from Kansas
is so anxious to raise points of order, or to
display his knowledge of order, that he some-
times goes too far. 1 did not d ivulge any secrets
which were communicated to us in the com-
mittee of conference, but simply stated a fact
of' public notoriety, which he can obtain trom
any member of the House, or at any rate from
the members of the Committee of Claims in
the House, that the bill was drawn by a mem-
ber of the Committee of Claims of the House,
and passed the House yesterday—a public mat-
ter which was no secret and 110 part of the
proceedingsof the committee of conference.
Mr. STEWART. I concur to this extent
with the Senator from Massachusetts. I believe
these claims will constantly grow; and I believe
the sooner the evidence of them is recorded
the better. I believe that this is a safer meas-
ure than to allow evidence to be taken by the
Departments. T feel the force of the sugges-
tion made by the Senator from Oregon, that
the kind of claims to be allowed is not suffi-
ciently defined. However, as the thing is in
the future, further legislation can be had limit-
ing it. One thing will be attained by this: it
will be a record at least; therefore, I shall
vote for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the report of the committee of
conference on the Army appropriation bill.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 30, noes 19.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to state briefly why
I cannot vote for this report. I am in favor
of putting the loyal men of the South and of
the North precisely on the same footing, with
the same rights to sue or to prefer claims in
the same tribunals and before the same de-
partments of the Government. I am in favor
of perfect equality upon this subject. This bill
provides for a different tribunal for the loyal
claimants of the South from that to which the
loyal claimants of the North may resort. It
preserves the inequality by establishing a new
tribunal for southern claimants, and, when
their claims have been passed upon, it makes
no provision for their payment. They are to
be reported to Congress, and then perhaps
they are no nearer being paid than they are
now. I am ia favor of the amendment as it
passed the Senate, to allow the loyal men of
the South to go into the Court of Claims or to
go to the Quartermaster General or Commis-
sary General on the precise terms that loyal
men in the North can, and, when they have
established their claims upon the same prin-
ciples, that they shall be paid. This is a mere
circumlocution arrangement by which, after
the testimony has been taken, and a vast
report, comprising thousands of pages of tes-
timony, has been submitted to Congress, men
will be no nearer having their claims paid than
