1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
prompt report; a report which contains no sub-
sidies and grants no exclusive privileges to
any of these telegraph companies; a report
which protects the public Treasury against im-
positions, which must necessarily result if this
subject is thrown open, I suggest, as a prac-
tical question for the House, whether it would
not be better to rescind the resolution, so
that the report of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs may be presented; and if it does not
contain all that this House desires, then it will
be time enough to appoint this special com-
mittee. Let us first hear the report.
Mr. BANKS. The reading of the report in
the Globe has corrected one thing, at least.
The Speaker stated, in behalf of the clerks, that
the resolution was twice read. The reading
of the Globe shows that it was twice read; but
it also shows that the second reading was long
after the action on the resolution was con-
cluded, and long after the transactions of which
we complain.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not complain of any
disrespect to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and my colleague certainly misunderstands me
if he supposes that to be my idea. I complain
of the injustice in the manner in which this
resolution was forced upon the House, with-
out the possibility of comprehending what was
done, when I was giving the best personal atten-
tion to the transactions of the House at that
moment. I ask the House to act on the reso-
lution as they would have done in the first
instance if the House had comprehended it;
for, as the Chair has well said, if the House
had comprehended the resolution it never
would have consented to have it pass.
What is the resolution? As a proposition it
discharges the Committee on Foreign Affairs
from the consideration of the subject referred
to it in two presidential messages, as well as
in fifteen or sixteen bills. The Committee
on Foreign Affairs has this subject of ocean
telegraph embraced in the President's message
referred to it for consideration, as well as six-
teen orseventeendistinetpropositions. to which
the committee has given more or less consid-
eration. It has agreed to a bill granting the
privilege universally to everybody, on comply-
ing with the terms of the law, who may wish to
establish an ocean cable. There is therefore
no ground for this injustice to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, growing out of the subject
itself.
The second proposition is, that the desire
was to make a joint committee on this subject,
composed of members of the Senate and of
the House. Now, that is not the way in which
our legislation is conducted. We have for mat-
ters of general legislation no joint committee.
We have, to be sure, a joint Committee on the
Library and a joint Committee on Printing ;
but we have no joint committee in reference to
the general legislation of the countiy. My
colleague knows that theie is no joint commit-
tee on appropriations. Now, is not the subject
of appropriations as important as that of ocean
telegraphs? Most assuredly it is more import-
ant. It is inconsistent with the nature and
character of our legislation that there should be
joint committees generally of the two Houses
which would be enabled, as my colleague says,
to report and secure action at the same time in
the two Houses.'
Mr. DAWES. My colleague does not say
that this is the first instance of a joint com-
mittee being appointed?
Mr. BAN KS. I do not; but, Mr. Speaker,
I say it is at this period of the session, when
my colleague has acknowledged, in the face of
the House, again and again, the fact that the
appropriation bills are further behind than at
any previous session, when he has constantly
objected to any other legislation on the part
of the House on the ground that it was its first
duty to attend to the appropriation bills for
carrying on the Government. Yet he gives his
consent that these seventeen or twenty propo-
sitions on ocean cables, on which the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs is now ready to report,
or will be ready to report if the House gives
its consent, shall be referred to a joint com-
mittee, created for that purpose, which shall
have authority to report at any time. Now,
Mr. Speaker, you know very well, and every
member of the House knows, that if this ques-
tion had been fairly presented and understood
the House would never have given unanimous
consent to the passage of any such resolution.
I say, on my responsibility as a member of
the House, that I was prevented from under-
standing it, and I have risen to make these
complaints, not with reference to any respect
which may be due to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, or to myself as its chairman—on that
I have nothing to say; but it is against the
gross injustice and abuse of the privileges of
the House that I complain in this matter.
I trust this House will give a vote unbiased
by any respect which may be due to the com-
mittee, and that it will be controlled alone by
what is due to justice and to the fair considera-
tion of this subject. I only ask the respect
which is due to the subject itself and to the
dignity of our legislation. If my colleague
proposes that a bill shall pass tke Senate in
the way proposed by this joint committee, and
never come directly to the House for a direct
vote in the first instance; if he proposes to
take this subject out of its regular course, and
to take the unusual proceeding of referring it
to a joint committee, then he proposes to in-
flict an irremediable injury upon the legislation
of this country. And that, sir, is the only
justification offered for this resolution. It eon-
templates that the two Houses shall act upon
these matters separately; that the Senate may
pass a bill, and the House pass another bill
without the one House knowing what the other
House has done ; and then the matter will go
to a committee of conference in order to get
a conclusion, which the House will not under-
stand any more than it did the character of the
resolution of the passage of which we com-
plain.
Mr. DAWES. What is the matter with my
colleague? Does he propose to drive me from
what 1 consider my duty?
Mr. BANKS. 1 will tell my colleague what
the matter is with me. What I have com-
plained of is the surprise practiced upon the
House to which my colleague [Mr. Dawes]
seems to have been a party. I have complained
of the injustice done to my committee, and I
have complained of the manner in which it
was done at this period of the session, my col-
league himself being a party to it, the object
being that the two branches may legislate npon
the same measure at the same time, without
the one ever knowing what the other has
done upon it, and that the whole may be settled
by a committee of conference.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman allow me
to eonelude my remarks? Let me say to the
House that by the appointment of this joint
committee they gain nothing. If the House
passes a bill- to-day, and it goes to the Senate,
it does not matter whether it comes from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs or from a joint
committee, provided the Senate lias to act
upon it. And if it passes the Senate and comes
to the House, it does not matter whether it
comes from the joint committee or from another
committee; there is nothing gained in the pro-
cess. And besides that, we have a bill which
has been on the tiles of membersfor two weeks,
and "which we are prepared to report this day,
if we have the opportunity, giving facilities for
establishing cable communications with foreign
countries to every company which chooses to
avail itself of them.
I say, then, iu view of these considerations,
that I think the Committee on Foreign Affairs"
has a right to present this question as one of
privilege, not of favor, so far as regards the
position in which we are placed, and so far as
regards the conduct of those connected with
the introduction of the measure. We consider
we have a right to ask that this resolution shall
be brought back, and that deliberate, careful,
and serious attention shall be given it upon its
merits. And whatever, after such delibera-
tion, the decision may be, I think I can speak
for every member of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs when I say that we would be will-
ing cheerfully to accept that decision.
Mr. INGKRSOLL. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Baxks] yields to mo to
make a suggestion.
Mr. DAWES. Has my colleague the floor
to yield ?
Mr. BANKS. My colleague [Mr. Dawes]
generally has the floor. It astonishes him it'
another member of the House gets it for a few
minutes. [Laughter.] I have been here dur-
ing the last five years, and I have searcely
seen any one in possession of the floor but my
colleague. As objection is made, 1 will not
yield. I ask for a vote upon the suspension of
the rules.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to be heard for a
few moments.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr Dawes] asks consent to be
heard. Is there objection ? The Chair hears
none.
Mr. DAWES. It is not my purpose to enter
into a controversy with my colleague, or to fol-
low his example in tearing a passion to tatters.
I have only this to say to him: that when he
heard me say here that I had not the slightest
knowledge of the origin of that resolution, and
that I only had notice of it at my seat, because
it referred to a matter in which I was inter-
ested, I do not think he had any occasion in
his passion and in his indiscriminate hurling
of charges over this House, to hurl a charge
at me, under that statement, that I am a party
to any proposition or undertaking whatever
in this House inconsistent with a single desire
faithfully to discharge my duty as a Repre-
sentative of the people, according to the best
of my judgment, without fear, favor, or hope
of reward.
My colleague talked about this resolution
having been passed in violation of the priv-
ileges of this House. My cslleague ought to
know what the privileges of this House are as
well as any other member of it, and I presume
that he does. And yet my colleague cannot
tell wherein it was in violation of any priv-
ilege of this House. So long as he chooses
to discuss his proposition candidly and faitly
I have nothing to say and no complaints to
make. I rose here, and with perfect calm-
ness, and without any reflection upon my col-
league whatsoever, stated the reason why I
happened to know, and the only reason why I
happened to know of the existence of the reso-
lution at all; and if my colleague thinks it is
necessary, in order to carry this proposition,
to hurl his charges against every gentleman
that dares to differ with him, it is right, for him
to pursue that course which he thinks will best
tend to it; but upon me it has the opposite
effect.
Mr. JUDD. I desire for a moment the court-
esy of the House, that I may call its attention
back to the exact position of this question.
No reflection upon the Speaker or the officers
of the House has been made or intended by
the advocates of this resolution. The only
allegation made is that the resolution of the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Stark-
weather] was passed in such a manner that
the House did not understand it. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] admits that
while he is in favor of the resolution, and voted
for it, and would vote for it again, he did not
know what it was from the reading of it.
But to the real question. Gentlemen have
urged this resolution because they say it will
hasten legislation on the subject of telegraphic
cables and cut down monopolies. 1 hat is the
appeal made to this House. Now, letnie ask the
members of the House whether that is true ?
