1362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
ing-stoves, the subject of the pending para-
graph. [Laughter.]
The Clerk read as follows:
For the ordnance service required to defray the
curient expenses at the arsenals; of receiving stores
and issuing arms and other ordnance supplies; of
fiohee and office duties; of rents, tolls, foci, and
ights; ot stationery and office furniture; of tools
and instruments for use; of public animals, forage,
and vehicles; incidental expenses of the ordnance
service, including those attending practical trials
and tests of ordnance, small-arms, and other ord-
nance supplies, $175,000.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to amend the para-
graph just read so as to make the amount of
the appropriation $200,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Formnnufacturing metallic ammunition forsmall-
arms, $50,000.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to amend the para-
graph just read so as to make the amount ot'
the appropriation $100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For sea-coast cannon, and carriages tor-the same,
$200,000.
Mr. LOGAN. I more to amend by striking
out the paragraph just read. I make this
motion for the purpose of asking the gentle-
man to give us some explanation in regard to
these sea coast cannon.
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman will observe,
by reference to the book of estimates, that
$400,000 is the amount estimated for the pur-
poses named in this paragraph. We have cut
down that amount one half. We would have
been glad to make a greater reduction, bat
the Chief of Ordnance states that requisitions
have already been made upon him by the en-
gineer department for these very guns, that
authority has been given to mount them, and
that he must have this money to furnish the
guns for fortifications on the coast.
Mr. LOGAN. .We all know, or at least we
ail ought to know, what sea-coast guns are.
But there are different, varieties of sea-coast
guns; and I wish the gentleman would inform
the committee what kind of guns are to be
made under this appropriation ; of what make
they are to be, whether Dahlgren or rifle guns,
or what other make of guns; or is this intended
merely to give some gentleman a fat contract,
as was done some time ago?
Mr. DICKEY. I understand that this
appropriation is for the manufacture of guns
the pattern of which the Government has
already adopted. There is another project
for an expenditure of $200,000 to test guns
of another kind, but that is not embraced in
this bill. The gentleman will probably have
an opportunity to hear about that again.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope not. I wish to say
that before I vote any new appropriation for
sea-coast cannon I wish to know where they
are to go, what forts they are intended for.
Before voting money for the manufacture of
new guns the House ought to have some evi-
dence as to their necessity. If these guns are
intended to go to some forts which I could
mention along the coast we might as well
appropriate money for poker-sticks. Or if
this appropriation is designed for the purpose
of authorizing the officers of the Government
to throw away, as they do about every two
years, all the cannon we have on hand in order
to give somebody a contract for new canaon,
I do not want to see such a provision adopted.
If, however, the Committee on Appropriations
have examined this matter, and say that this
appropriation is necessary, I have nothing fur-
ther to say.
Mr. DICKEY. I can only reiterate what
I have already said, that the chief of ord-
nance states that requisitions have already
been made upon him by the engineer depart-
ment for these very gutis, that authority has
been given to mount thein, and that he must
have the money to furnish the guns according
to existing law.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For purchase and manufacture of other ordnance
stores, to fill requisition of troops, $25,000.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to amend the para-
graph just read, so as to make the amount of
the appropriation $50,000.
Mr. MUNGEN. I wish to ask the gentle-
man having charge of this bill to state what is
included under this general head "other ord-
nance stores."
Mr. DICKEY. This appropriation is in-
tended to provide for the purchase and manu-
facture of ordnance stores to fill requisitions
for the use of troops; and it does not Include
guns. The gentleman will see that in the next
paragraph there is a specific appropriation of
$150,000 for the manufacture of guns at the
national armory. The item now under con-
sideration embraces merely ordnance stores
necessary to meet requisitions for the use of
the A.rmy in the field.
ftTr. MUNGEN. Cartridges and fixed am-
munition?
Mr. DICKEY. Yes, that sort of thing.
The amendment of Mr. Dickey was agreed to.
Mr. AXTELL. I desire to add the following
proviso:
Provided, That £5,000 of this sum shall bo ex-
pended in establishing a cemetery at Morristown,
New Jersey, to perpetuate the memory of those
revolutionary soldiers who died during the winter
Washington was encamped at that place.
I wish it to come in at the proper place.
Mr. DICKE.Y- I should be glad to allow
it, but there is no proper place in this bill
for it.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
germane, and the Chair is compelled to decide
it is not in order.
Mr. AXTELL. I ask permission to go back
to lines one hundred and twenty-three and one
hundred and twenty-four, where is the follow-
ing appropriation :
For establishing and maintaining national ceme-
teries, $250,000.
My amendment is germane to that. I desire
to make a simple statement, occupying not
more than one minute.
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman can move
it to the miscellaneous appropriation bill. I
object to it here. I object to going back. I
have only two or three minutes more to get
through with this bill.
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Chairman, at Morris-
town, New Jersey, where Washington was
encamped, soldiers died and were buried in
ground belonging to some farms and outlying
fields, where they remain to this day.
Mr. BEAMAN. Is there any question pend-
ing?
The CHAIRMAN. None.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the following
amendment:
Add the following as an additional section :
And provided further, That no sum of money
appropriated by this act shall be appropriated or
expended in the transportation of troops to be era-
ployed in any manner whatever in connection with
any election in any State of the Union, unless such
troops shall be called for by the Legislature of the
State where such election is held, or by the Execu-
tive of such State, under the provisions of the Con-
stitution of the 0nited States.
This is a limitation of power.
Mr. DICKEY. I make the point of order
on (he amendment that it is new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled
to sustain the point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
gentleman's statement.
Mr. HOLMAN. It has been uniformly held
that limitations on appropriation bills are in
order. So far as I know, it has been the uni-
form ruling that limitations of expenditures
could be made in appropriation bills, whether
in the form of provisos or by additional sec-
tions. The Chair, I have no doubt, will recall
many instances where this has been done.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair agrees that
there may be limitations as to the mere subject
of expenditure. Such an amendment would
be in order to an appropriation bill. The gen-
tleman's amendment, however, as the Chair
reads it, goes to a limitation of the powers of
the Executive, which is clearly new legislation,
and therefore out of order under the rule of
the House.with which thegentleman is familiar.
Mr. NIBLACK. This is a question upon
which I wish to be heard.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to offer
an amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have appealed from the
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled
out the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana as proposing new legislation, and from
that decision the gentleman appeals. The ques-
tion is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the committee?"
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 86, noes 34.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask unan-
imous consent of the Honse to allow me to go
back, so as to add at the end of line one hun-
dred and forty two the following words:
Provided, The Government of the United States
shal 1 pay for and have undisputed title to the grounds
of such cemeteries.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I hope the gen-
tleman will not persist in his objection.
The CHAIRMAN. It requires unanimous
consent to go back, and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] objects.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. May I not
appeal to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to allow me to offer this amendment, and to
address some remarks to the committee for
only two or three minutes?
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Then I offer it
as a new section.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Kentucky proposes as a new section what the
Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows;
And be it further enacted. That the Government of
the United States shall pay for and have undisputed
title to the ground of such cemeteries.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I have offered
this proviso for the purpose of bringing to the
knowledge of this House the fact that the
ground of some of the national cemeteries is
not owned of right by the Government of th?
United States, and I allude more particularly,
Mr. Chairman, to the Arlington Cemetery. The
Arlington property was bequeathed by wiii
of George Washington Parke Custis to his
daughter and only child, Mrs. Mary Custis Lee,
during her life, with remainder to her children.
General Lee, her husband, had no title to it,
and it was not subject to confiscation by any
act of General Lee. I here assert, upon relia-
ble information, that that property was pur-
chased by theGovernmentof the United States
at a tax sale when the agents and friends of
Mrs. Lee were present with money in their
pockets to bid in the land for her benefit and
the benefit of her children, but they were not
allowed to do so.
And I desire to say here, Mr. Chairman, in
vindication of one of the Senators from Ken-
tucky, who a short time since offered reso-
lutions in the Senate of the United States
requesting the appointment of a committee to
investigate the title of that property, as abuse
and vituperation have been heaped upon the
head of that Senator by the members of this
Congress in one or the other House, and also
to a very great extent by the press of the coun-
try—I desire to say that he intended no dis-
respect to the defenders of the Government
when he indicated the removal of the bones
of those who lie in the ground at Arlington tj
some other place. No such thing was iver
intended or expected to be done. The prop-
osition was merely indicated for the purpose
of arriving at a just estimate of the injury or
damage to the property in order to make juit
