1974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
have time to consider them. Every one is
perfectly conscious that the Committee on
Appropriations, in the very great pressure of
business; has had no time to consider these
amendments, perhaps fifty or one hundred of
which I hold in my hand. We could not do
it; it was a physical impossibility. Even if
each member of the committee had worked
separately and considered separately so many
as he could, the measures could not have been
considered in reference to the laws as they
now exist and for the purpose of determining
■whether tliey are harmonious and should be
adopted or not. Most of these amendments
are prepared hastily. Many of them are writ-
ten in the Senate here, at the desks of Sen-
ators, written on the spur of the moment;
they are the result of a singly thought, it may
be j a.nd yet they are proposed without, I may
say, in many instances, tail- or full considera-
tion on the part of the Senator who proposes
them. 1 know that is the case with some of
tliern; and if they have not considered them,
and it was impossible for the Committee on
Appropriations, to whom they were referred,
to consider them, where is the propriety of
acting upon them to-night, in these last hours
of the session?
I appeal to the Senate, where of course each
member acts on his own responsibility, to
forego these numerous amendments. If they
go on we shall have a bill which will be 110
credit ta the country, no credit to the Congress
that passes it; we shall have a bill incongru-
ous, inconsistent, perhaps repeating acts al-
ready passed at this session: for it is true that
in the amendments proposed to this bill are
some measures that aie actually in other bills
that have passed. ^ Some measures iu this bill,
actually printed in it, have been passed in
the deficiency bill; and perhaps iu some of
the other bills there may be other instances
of like character.
Now, it Senators are willing to let this hill
pass, which contains nothing private, nothing
to the special interest of individual Senators
or members of the other House, and give us
time, which we must have, to consider these
other measures, they will do what will redound
to the credit of themselves and of this Con-
gress, I am very certain. I know the anxiety
that members have ot putting on these amend-
ments ; but there is no great necessity for haste.
We are legislating for the future, for the next
fiscal year, and there is no necessity for haste ;
and when' we have time to consider them, 1
say to Senators that if X am acting 011 that
committee in the next Congress I shall do all
I can toward giving force and effect to measures
that ought to pass, and some of these 1 concede
ought to pass. We can get up a bill during the
next session, at the commencement of the next
Congress, a bill, if you please, of the same
character &nd tills as this, for sundry civil,
expenses, a supplementary bill; and then these
measures can be embodied in it, and we can
legislate with our eyes open, we can legislate
with some certainty that we are not making
mistakes, that we are not doing things of which
we shall afterward be ashamed. 1 dread the
responsibility, and wo should all participate in
it, of embodying those crude propositions in
this bill.
If Senators are agreed with rae, let us vote
down the amendments, if they are offered. I
would much rather they would not offer them ;
but if Senators persist in offering them I hope
the rest of the Senate will agree with the
committee that we cannot consider them prop-
erly to-night, and will help to vote them down,
lay them on the table one after another, if
they should be offered in order. Then we shall
have abundance of time to perfect this bill
which was read through last night and to which
certaingenerai amendments have been adopted;
and we shall have, in addition, an abundance
of time to consider the rest of the conference
Committee reports, and there are several of
them yet behind. Here is a conference com-
mittee report to be made presently upon the
deficiencyjiill, the conference committee report
011 the naval appropriation bill, the conference
committee report on the general legislative,
executive, and judicial bill, that very import-
ant bill which in all probability will excite a
good deal of discussion. That conference
committee report has not yet been made; it is
back: and with all these things pressing, and
with the small opportunity that the enrolling
clerks will have to put the bills in form before
these few hours elapse, I say Senators ought
to listen to the proposition I make, adhere to
it and abide by it.
I am aware of the fact that some Senators
are about to leave this body. To them, of
course, it would be a great pleasure to con-
cede the opportunity of adding their particular
amendment, if they desire it; but the Senators
who remain will not be ungenerous toward
such. If among these amendments are amend-
ments presented by the Senators who are about
to retire, how readily their brethren who are
left will take up and provide for them the
proper legislation touching their measures.
They will do it with a great deal more alacrity
than they would the measures of Senators who
are remaining in this place of hard labor.
Mr. POMEROY. We had better lay this
bill 011 the table.
Mr. COLE. I think we had better not lay
it 011 the table. I think we had better pass it
as it now is and lay the amendments to it on
the table. Why, sir, I will still furtherremind
Senators that if this bundle, [holding up the
proposed amendments,] this cargo, is to go on
the bill, it will sink it; it will load it down to
the guards ; it will go below the surface, and
you will not see a ripple from it when twelve
0' clock to- morrow arrives. It will then be laid
on the table, and not only these public meas-
ures, which we are bound from our sense of
duty to pass, will fail, but also will go down
with it, this deck-load of amendments that is
sought to be pat. upon it.
Mr. STOCKTON. I ask the courtesy of the
Senator from California for a moment to make
a remark in reference to a matter from our
own Committee on Appropriations. On page
59 there was a clause which has been stricken
out by the Senate committee. I think it was
stricken out under a misapprehension.
Mr. COLE. If my associate on the com-
mittee will wait a moment, I will say that he
perhaps misunderstood me in some of the re-
marks 1 made. I think the bill as it now is,
with what is in it, ought to be perfected. I
have 110 doubt in passing it over so hastily last
night some changes were made that ought
perhaps not to have been made, and perhaps
some other few changes ought to be made in
it that have not been made. I hope now the
Senate will permit us to perfect the text of
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is still
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STOCKTON. I ask permission of the
Senator from California to yield to me for a
single purpose.
Mr. OOLK. Certainly.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senate committee
struck out a clause put in by the House. They
did it inadvertently. I was not present in com-
mittee, and if I had been there to explain it
they would not have done so, I am sure. It is
section four of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for information
what that section is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is section
four. There are two different prints of this
bill. This is section four of both texts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Chair be kind
enough to tell me what it is about?
The VICE PRESIDENT, ft is about re-
funding duties under the act of July 14, 1870.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is sufficient; I am
much obliged to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT.. The bill is still
iu committee.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I have an amendment
to offer.
Mr. POMEROY. The present occupant of
the chair is not aware that the amendment
was presented last evening and laid aside tem-
porarily on account of a question of order.
That is the first amendment introduced to this
bill aside from what the Committee on Appro-
priations have introduced.
" The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas states that an amendment was offered
by him and laid aside informally until the Sen-
ator from South Carolina [Mr. Sawyer] was
heard upon a question of order and an appeal,
and that then the adjournment of the Senate
took place. The Chair was not present at the
latest hour of the evening.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I make an issue with
the Senator. I say I sent up the first amend*
ment and was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. POMEROY. The Clerk will know how
that is. The Clerk has mine, and had it last
night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair upon
the statement of the Senator from Kansas in
regard to what occurred after midnight last
night, when he was not present, rules that the
amendment of the Senator from Kansas is
before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be read.
'The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert after line one hundred and twenty-four,
011 page 6, the following:
For the ercction of a building for the Bureau of
Engraving and Printing of the Treasury Department,
to be locatod near said Department buildings, and
built upon plans which shaiti insure its completion
for the sum hereby appropriated, $201),000.
Mr. POMEROY. That was sent to me from
the Treasury Department, and I do my duty in
introducing it and saying that it is very much
desired. The steam-engine that is in the Treas-
ury building ought to be taken out; everyone
recognizes that. The Secretary of the Treasury
has recommended it. it is a matter, he thinks,
of great public economy. The Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Sawyer] was charged
with this matter, but it passed into my hands
while the other question was being discussed
last night.
Mr. COLE. I am aware of the correctness
of what has been said by the Senator from
Kansas, but this is one of these propositions
that is not in this bill as it came to us nor
exactly relating to anything contained in it. I
move that the amendment be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-four,
noes not counted.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President  
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to offer ati amend-
ment by authority of the Committee on Appro-
priat.ions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would have
been in order last night in priority to other
Senators ; but after the amendments reported
by the committee have been concluded tjie
Chair recognizes those who get the floor to
offer amendments. The Senator's colleague
is recognized; and members of the commit-
tee desiring to offer amendments must take
the same chance with other Senators.
Mr. ROBERTSOI^I offer an amendment,
to insert as an additional section the follow-
ing:
Sec. —. That the appropriation made March 3,
1869, having been covered into the Treasury, the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to cause to be constructed,
upon the site already given to and owned by the
United states, a suitable building, lire-proof, at
Columbia,, bonth Carolina, for the accommodation
of the post office ancl Lnited States circuit and dis-
trict courts; and for this purpose theie is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise {impropriated, fe75,000, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary ot the Treas-
ury, who shiill cause proper plans and estimates to
be made, fo ihat no expenditure shall bo made or
authorized ior the lull completion ot said building
beyond the amount herein appropriated: }}rovidedy
ihat no money hereby appropiiated frbyli be used
or applied ior the purposes mentioned until it shall
