1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
o37
ma, praying for an increase of compensa-
tion.
By Mr. DOX : The petition of S. K. McSpad-
den, of Alabama, asking to be relieved of his
political disabilities.
By Air. GILFILLAN: The petition of
Sophia Holmes, for a pension.
By Air. IIAAIILTON : A memorial from
numerous citizens of Pensacola, Warrington,
and Alilton, Florida, praying Congress for an
appropriation for the purpose of building a
dry dock in the Pensacola navy-yard, to re-
place the one destroyed by the rebels during
the war of the rebellion.
By Air. 1NGERSOLL: A petition of- 148
honorably discharged officers and soldiers who
served in the Army during the late rebellion,
asking that a law be passed, or the present
homestead law so amended, that they be enti-
tled to secure one hundred and sixty acres of
Government land by first going out and locat-
ing the same, and then being 'allowed five
years to prepare themselves with the necessary
moans for improving the said land and making
it their home, without being compelled to
reside upon it till just before the expiration of
the term of vears.
By Air. JOHNSON: The petition of A. S.
Alacomber, for an extension of patent.
By Air. JUDD: The petition of John Prin-
deville and others, asking the passage of a
law to encourage the building ®f ships in the
United States.
Also, the petition of John F. Farwell & Co.
and others, asking such legislation as will give
practical effect to the law relating to imports
to interior cities.
Also, the petition of J. V. Z. Blaney and
others, asking an amendment of section four
of the internal revenue law, in relation to the
manufacture of vinegar.
By Air. LEWIS: The petition of William
II. Payne, of Warren county, Kentucky, to be
relieved from political disabilities.
By Air. LYNCH: The petition of Bailey &
Noyes and others, merchants of Portland,
Maine, protesting against the manufacture and
sale of envelopes by the Post Office Depart-
ment.
Also, the petition of Alary R. Loring, for pen-
sions.
By Air. AIOOIIE, of Ohio: The memorial
of Colonel John C. Paxton, of second regi-
ment West Virginia cavalry, for relief.
By Air. PETERS: The petition of F. B.
Triekey, of Alaine, for a pension.
By Air. POTTER : A petition of the inhab-
itants of Port Chester for the improvement of
the harbor at that place.
By Air. RAINEY: The petition of W. W.
Privatt, of Horry county, South Carolina, pray-
ing the removal of the legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States.
Also, the petition of James Potter, of Ma-
rion county, South Carolina, praying the re-
moval of political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Also, the petition of J. Wesley Smith, of
Alarlborough county, South Carolina, praying
the removal of the legal and political disabili-
tiesimposed by the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States.
By Mr. SMITH, of Oregon : The petition
of John S. Bennett, a soldier in the war of
1812, asking for a pension.
By Air. VAN HORN : A memorial in behalf
of the Choctaw nation of Indians, in relation
to the net proceeds of the lands ceded to the
United States by treaty of Dancing Rabbit
creek, September 27, 1830.
bills introduced.
Bills of the following titles were introduced,
and referred under the rules:
By Air. BOYD: A bill to establish a post
route from Ozark, Christian county, to Grove
Creek, Stone county, Alissouri.
By Air. HAMILTON: A bill to establish
certain mail routes in the State of Florida.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 17, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
KICIIAltD P. HAMMOND
The VICE PRESIDENT kid before the
Senate the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the joint resolution (S. R. No.
220) for the relief of Richard P. Hammond.
The amendments were read.
The first amendment was to insert the words
" Richard P. Hammond, or against," before
the words "L. AlaynarJ so as to read:
By the United States against Richard P. Ham-
mond, or against L. Maynard, and the estate of the
late J. S. T?olsora, deceased, as sureties on the official
bond of Richard X>. Hammond, ^c.
The second amendment was to add to the
resolution the following proviso :
Provided, That the sum allowed shall be applied
first toward the indebtedness of said principal not
secured by the bond of said sureties; and any bal-
ance may be applied upon tho same thus secured.
Air. STEWART. Those amendments from
the Judiciary Committee of the other House are
correct, and are recommended by the Depart-
ment. I trust they will be concurred in.
The ataendments were concurred in.
FUNDING 01' THE NATIONAL DEBT.
The VICE-PRESIDENT also laid before
the Senate the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 1149) to
amend an act entitled "An act to authorize
the refunding of the national debt."
The amendments were, in line seven, after
the word " may," to insert " at the discretion
of the Secretary of the Treasury," and at the
end of the bill to add—
Provided, howpver. That this act shall not be con-
strued to authorize anv increase of the total amount
of bonds provided for by the act to which this actis
an amendment.
Air. SI-IE RAIAN. The Committee on Finance
have informally examined those amendments,
and recommend that they be concurred in.
The amendments were concurred in.
house bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolution of
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Claims:
A bill (II. R. No. 2708) for the relief of
H. W. Durgin and others;
A bill (II. R. No. 2709) for the relief
of Joseph Anderson, a citizen of Davidson
county, State of Tennessee ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2710) for the relief of
Alary A. Ripley;
A bill (II. R. No. 2711) for the relief of
William Al. Henry;
A bill (H. R. No. 2718) for the relief of
Airs. Polly W. Cotton;
A bill (H. It. No. 2719) for the relief of
Robert P. Chowden;
A bill (II. R. No. 2720) for the relief of
A. V. Richards;
A bill (H. 11. No. 2721) for the relief of
Isaac P. Kinkea^; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 332) for the
relief of Captain E. W. Bass, late of the fifth
Tennessee cavalry.
The following bills and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs:
A bill (II. R. No. 2713) in relation to addi-
tional bounties, &c.;
A bill (II. R. No. 2717) to cause, the removal
of mschinery, arms, and stores now at the
Alleghany arsenal, in the eitv of Pittsburg,
and to sell the remaining properly and appur-
tenances to the muniipal authorities of the
city of Pittsburg; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 451) to appro-
priate old and condemned bronze cannon for
soldiers' monuments and cemeteries.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims:
A bill (H. R. No. 415) confirming the title
of Nathan Boyer to certain land in the State
of Michigan; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2490) to amend an act
entitled "An act to confirm the title to certain
lands in Illinois."
The bill (H. R. No. 1051) for the relief of
John R. Bennett, late register of the land office
at Chatfield, Alinnesota, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
WILLIA5I Y. PATCH.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 450) author-
izing the settlement of the accounts of Wil-
liam Y. Patch was read twice by its title.
Air. COLE. I ask that that joint resolution
be acted upon at this time. A bill of the same
character was passed by the Senate at the last
session after full consideration and examina-
tion.
Several Senators. What is it about?"
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the joint resolution will be read. Its
nature will be disclosed by its reading.
The joint resolution was read. It proposes
to direct, the Comptroller of the Treasury to
settle the accounts of William Y. Patch, late
collector of internal revenue for the first dis-
trict of California, by allowing and certifying
the amount found duehimby the Fifth Auditor
in his statement of December 31, 18GG.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
jambs t. elliott.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 160) provid-
ing for the payment of James T. Elliott, late
a private in the eleventh Alichigan infantry, for
services as extra-duty clerk, was read twice by
its title.
Air. CHANDLER. I ask that that joint
resolution be put upon its passage. It is a
very small matter.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee ol'the Whole.
It is a direction to the Quartermaster General
to audit and allow the claim of James T.
Elliott, late a piivate in the eleventh Alichigan
infantry, for pay as extra-duty clerk, from
March 3,1803, to November 15, 1883, at forty
cents per day.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ciiaitles tomeroy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again submit a bill which he presented yes-
terday, but which he was requested by the
delegation from Iowa to withhold until this
morning. It is the bill (H. R. No. 2706) for
the relief of Charles Pomeroy, late receiver
of public moneys at Fort Dodge, Iowa.
Mr. HOWELL. I ask that that bill be put
upon its passage. I will state that I have
looked at the correspondence in regard to
the bill. Air. Pomeroy, my colleague in the
House, was receiver of public moneys at Fort
Dodge, and also disbursing agent of tlie Gov-
ernment. He resigned, and during the period
that elapsed between his resignation and the
appointment of auother person to take his
place a clerk performed the duties of the
office and deposited all the moneys received in
both capacities to the credit of the receiver or
of the disbursing agent, and, in consequence,
there is a surplus in one account and a deficit
in the other account, and the Treasury Depart-
