1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
appear that the State has duly released and relin-
quished to the United States the right to tax or in
any way assess the site, or the property of the Uni-
ted States that may be thereon, daring the time that
the United States shall be or remain the owner
thereof.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
say that that appropriation was made in 1869,
and it took so long to get the action of the
Legislature about completing the title that the
money was covered back into the Treasury.
If there is any of these appropriations that
ought to pass this is one.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I desire to make a
short statement, to which I should like to get
the attention of the Senate. An appropriation
was made by an act approved March 3, 1869,
in these words:
" For post office and court-house at Columbia,
South Carolina, $75,000: Provided, That the site for
the same shall be given to the United States."
After this appropriation was made the citi-
zens of Columbia, South Carolina, irrespective
of party, subscribed their own money and
bought a site and gave it to the United States.
The Legislature not being in session for nearly
a year after that, an act ceding jurisdiction
over the land was not passed until some twelve
months afterward; and before the building
could be began, before any use could be made
of the money, with the exception of the exam-
ination of the title and a survey of the lot,
which cost only about three hundred dollars,
the time elapsed and the money was covered
into the Treasury. I merely ask the Senate
to adopt this amendment reappropriating the
amount.
Mr. COLE. I have no doubt the proposi-
tion of the Senator from South Carolina is
exactly one of those to which I alluded as con-
taining merits, and one that will be recognized
by the next Congress without much hesitation ;
but he will see that if the door is opened to
this claim it will be opened for others, and if
he be the Jonah, the throwing overboard of
which is to save the sinking ship, it should be
done. I hope he will not insist on the amend-
ment ; but if he does, I shall have to move that
it be laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves that the amendment be laid
on the table.
Mr. THURMAN. Let it be reported.
The amendment was again read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves that the amendment lie on
the table.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 11, noes 43.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to make
any opposition to this amendment, except sim-
ply to say that the money in the Treasury, all
that we are to have for the next fiscal year,
has already been appropriated by matters that
both Houses agree are of pressing public
importance ; and if we enter upon one scheme
of new buildings we must upon all that are
really worthy. I have only risen to say this
in order that the record may show that my
vote is recorded against it.
Mr. BOltEMAN. I understand the Senator
from South Carolina iksay that after the pas-
sage of the act of private persons in
Columbia, South Carolina, purchased the prop-
erty on which this building was to be erected,
and donated it to the Government; but the
Legislature did not meet until this sum of money,
which had previously been appropriated, was
covered back into the Treasury, and so they
could not get the consent of the Legislature on
the subject of taxation and other matters men-
tioned, aa required by act of Congress, before
the appropriation lapsed. Had the Legisla-
ture been in session at the time and made I hat
release from taxation, no doubt the building
would have been in process of construction and
the money used for that purpose. Now it seems
to me that if there is any demand on the Gov-
ernment that is equitable this is one, and that
in good faith we ought to allow this appropria-
tion to be made available.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. IofFeran amendment,
to be inserted after line sixty-six, on page 43,
of which I gave notice.
The amendment was read as follows:
Forthe erection of a Government building in Hart-
ford, Connecticut, upon plans which will insure its
completion for the sum of $300,000, the half of which
is hereby appropriated, $150,000: Provided, That
within nine months from the passage of this act a
lot of land subjcct to the acceptance of the Secretary
of the Treasury be conveyed for that purpose, and
the jurisdiction thereof ceded to the United States.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask permission of
the Senate to correct the phraseology of the
amendment by substituting the following :
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause to be con-
structed a suitable budding, fire-proof, at Hartford,
Connecticut, for the accommodation of the custom-
house, postoffice, pension office. United States circuit
and district courts, and internal revenue offices; and
for this purpose there is hereby appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of $150,000, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall
cause proper plans and estimates to be made, so that
no expenditure shall be made or authorized for the
full completion ofsaid building beyond the amount of
$300,000: Provided, That no money hereby appropri-
ated shall be used or applied for the purposes men-
tioned until a valid title to the land for the site of
such building, which it is understood the city of
Hartford proposes to donate for this purpose, shall
be vested in the United States, nor until the State
shall also duly release and relinquish to the United
States the right to tax or in any way assess said site
or the property of the United States that may be
thereon during the time that tbeUnited States shall
be or remain the owner thereof.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator whether he has any
objection to my moving to include Albany also?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. No, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, as that has been
recommended, as this has been, I believe by
the Department, indeed has been acted on
heretofore by this body, I move to include
Albany, the amount being the same and the
accommodations the same.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to add $100,000
for a custom-house at Port Huron, in Michi-
gan, which is recommended by the Depart-
ment in the same manner.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. That is not in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator irom
New York, adding to the amendment of the
Senator from Connecticut the words "and
for the construction at Albany, New York,
of a similar building, for the like purposes,
and upon the same terms and conditions with
that authorized to be constructed at Hartford,
$150,000."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to add an
item appropriating $100,000 for a custom-house
at Port Huron, Michigan.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Is that in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
makes a point of order the Chair will rule
upon it, but the Chair does not himself make
points of order.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I was on the floor
and had not yielded it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Senator
from Michigan must reserve his amendment
until the Senator Irom Connecticut resumes
iiis SO£tt
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to ask the Senator
from Connecticut if he will hear me make an
explanation for a moment?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. I hold in my band a com-
munication from the Senator from Tennessee,
who is not able to address the Chair, [Mr.
Brownlotv,] in which he says that some years
ago $100,000 was appropriated to construct a
custom-house at Nashville, but that the appro-
priation was covered into the Treasury by the
act of July 12, 1870. Now the Senator from
Tennessee desires me to ask to have this amount
reappropriated on account of its having been
covered into the Treasury.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should be very glad
to accommodate the Senator, but I would pre-
fer to have nothing more added to this amend-
ment, but let it ba acted upon as it is.
Mr. POMEROY. When the Senator resumes
his seat it will be open to amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, the
Secretary of the Treasury has recommended
the erection of a building substantially such
as is referred to in the amendment which is
now proposed. In reply to a resolution passed
by the House of Representatives in March,
1870, requesting him to report the public build-
ings which are needed most by the public exi-
gencies, he places the one in Hartford first
on the list of those for which the greatest
necessity exists. The postmaster of Hartford
states that—
"The present building is located in a targe private
block of buildings, in a narrow, long space, which is
dark and every way inconvenient, and affords not
one half the space actually needed for the perform-
ance of the present work of the office."
He also says:
"The danger of lire is great; and the building does
not afford safe arrangements for the preservation of
the books and papers of the post office."
The special agent of the Post Office Depart-
ment reports on the same subject that he has
given careful attention to the inquiry in refer-
ence to it and "is fully satisfied that the inter-
ests of the service not only require, but demand
such a building." He says:
"The apartments used by tho post office, which
were never convenient, although fitted up in an ex-
pensive style, were arranged for the post office and
its requirements in 1858, and have been occupied by
it continually and since that time, but no change has
been made for the better."
He speaks of the money-order system and
other business interests there, which are largely
increased, and he says:
" The table for assorting and distributing mails is
old-fashioned and not sufficient. The office is very
dark, and the light of six or eight gas-burnors is re-
quired intheday time. X counted six,at onoo'oiock
p. m., while the day was not cloudy."
He also says in substance that there is no
other spot which can be obtained in Hartford
which will answer a better purpose. The super-
vising architect, Mr. Mullett, reports that—
"The post office occupies at present a building
entirely unfit for the purpose, inconvenient for the
public, and particularly exposed to danger by fire;
and when tho immense pecuniary transactions of
the various insurance companies of that city, whose
business is mainly transmitted through the mails, is
considered, the risk will appear in its true light.
It is scarcely possible that the post office should be
destroyed by fire without involving a greater loss
than the cost of a suitable building."
He recommends the erection of a building;
and I would say that the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds of the Senate reported
the very bill which I have now presented as an
amendment to this bill, with this exception:
they provided for a building which should
cost $200,000 instead of $300,000, and asked
for an appropriation of $100,000 instead of
$150,000. Since that time the supervising
architect has made an estimate of the cost of
the building, and he estimates it at between
two hundred and ninety and three hundred
thousand dollars; and therefore he suggests
an appropriation for a building that will cost
when complete $300,000.
I will state that the building is required not
only for the post office, but for the^United
States circuit and district courts, for internal
revenue offices, and for the pension agency as
well. The revenue collected in that city dur-
ing the last six years has been more than two
million dollars a year, and yet they have no
convenient place for transacting the business.
I will state still further, that the business of
the post office is reported to be fifty per cent,
larger than that of any other city of its popu-
