1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1363
compensation for the benefit of the claimants
and rightful owners. It is, sir, I think, beneath
the justice and dignity of this Government to
deposit the remains of any soldier who had
fought for it in ground not owned by the Gov-
ernment of right and by undisputed title. If,
sir, an honest soldier who lies in the ground
at Arlington could speak from his grave he
would pray the Government of his country, if
, it does not own the title to that property, to
remove his bones to some place where it had
undisputed title, that his body might repose in
honest earth, and not in that arbitrarily seized
from the widow and the orphan.
Now, sir, I have offered this proviso, I re-
peat, merely to bring to the knowledge of the
members of this House the fact that the title
to that property is not undisputed, and that it
does not appear as a matter of fact that the
Government of the United States owns it. I
do not desire to call forth any partisan feeling,
but merely to evoke that sentiment which
should belong to the law-makers of this Gov-
ernment, and to ask that they shall carry out
the just purposes of the Government; above
ail, that they shall give to every man his due,
claiming for the Government itself nothing but
its own.
The right to property, Mr. Chairman, and
especially by defenseless women and children,
is above almost every other consideration ;
and ifaman or a woman ownslandin this coun-
try he or she would have the right in law and
in fact to have every incumbrance removed
from it, from the center of the earth to the
center of the heavens; in the language of the
civil law, i'ab imo terra usque ad coelum
But Mrs. Lee and her children would never
enforce this right; they desire no such thing;
they would never disturb the sacred repose of
the dead any more than you or I or any of us,
Mr. Chairman. But they do desire just com-
pensation for their property; they ought to
have it j and if the Government does not dis-
honor itself, yea, dishonor the brave themselves
who sleep at Arlington, they sooner or later
will have it.
I offer this proviso not with a view of divert-
ing i he House from a consideration of this bill,
but in order, if it should do nothing more, that
it may at least open the door for the rights of
Mrs. Mary Custis Lee and her children to be
eventually vindicated.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, rose.
Mr. STEVENFON. I call for the reading
of the amendment.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. BU fLEll, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, while I quite agree with the gentleman
who last spoke 
[Here the hammer fell.]
okdbr of business.
The SPEAKER. The hour of two o'clock
having arrived, and this being the third Fri-
day in the month, business reported by the
Committee for the District of Columbia is now
in order.
message from tiie president.
A message from the President, by Mr. Por-
ter, one of his secretaries, informed the House
that the President had approved and signed
joint resolutions of the following titles :
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 47) for the
relief of Mary A. Elliott; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 434) to author-
ize the Secretary of the interior to dispose of
certain documents.
printing of a bill.
Mr. WILLARD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which
was read, and referred, under the law, to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of the act
passed at this session of Congress pensioning the
surviving soldiers of the war of 1812, be printed for
the use oftlie llouse.
construction of an act.
Mr, COOK, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, reported back
joint resolution (H. R. No. 870) to construe
an act approved March 3, 1857; and moved
that the same be recommitted to the commit-
tee, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
reform school of the district.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent, in
behalf of the Committee for the District of
Columbia, that the bill (S. No. 1198) relat-
ing to the Reform School of the District of
Columbia be taken from the Speaker's table,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let the gen-
tleman state the principle of the bill.
Mr. COOK. It relates to the Reform School
of the District of Columbia.
Mr. SWANN. What is meant by " reform
school ?"
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is it for
mixed schools?
Mr. COOK. I do not ask action upon it.
I only ask that it shall be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. SWANN. Will the gentleman explain
to me what he means by 4< reform school?"
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 object to the request
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook.]
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp*
son, one of its clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 1227) to authorize the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river.
district territorial bill.
Mr. COOK. I now submit a report from
the committee of conference on the District
territorial bill, which I ask to have read.
Mr. F1NKELMBURG. Does that come
within the rule assigning this day for business
relating to the District of Columbia?
The SPEAKER. If it could be ruled out
upon that ground it would be admitted on the
ground of its high privilege. It is a question
of the highest privilege known to the House.
The bill came originally from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, although this
is the report of the ccftnmittee of conference,
and the Chair rules it to be in order under
this call.
The Clerk read the report as follows :•
The committee of confcrence on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the hill (,S. No. 594) to
provide a government for the District of Columbia,
having met. after full and free conlerenee have
agreed to recommend, and do recoinoiend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from its vote of non-con-
currence and agree to the amendment of the House
ot Representatives, with the following amendments,
to wit:
In section one. line six, after the word Colum-
bia," add ** by which name it is hereby constituted a
body-corporate for municipal purposes, and may
contract and be contracted with, sue and be sued,
plead and be impleaded, have a seal, and exercise
all other powers of a municipal corporation not
inconsistent with the Constitution arid laws of the
United States and the provisions of this act."'
In section two, line seven, strike out the word
"reside" and in lieu thereof insert the words "shall
have resided."
In line eight in same section, after the word * Dis-
trict" insert the words "twelve months before his
appointment."
In section three, line twelve, after the word
"reconsidered," strike out the word "and."
In section four, line twenty-three, strike out the
word "officer.*." and in lieu thereof insert "offices."
In section five, line five, after the word "mem-
bers," insert "of whom two shall be residents of the
city of Georgetown, and two residents ot the county
outside of the cities of Washington and George-
town." . . ,
In the same section, line eighteen, strike out the
words "qualified voters," and substitute in place
theieof the word "population."
In the same section strike out all after the word
"respectively," in line twenty-one, as far as and
including the word "that," in line thirty, and in
place thereof insert: " For the purposes of the first
election to be held under this aot, tho Governor and
judges of thesupremecourt of the District of Colum-
bia shall designate the districts for members of tho
house of delegates, appoint a btfcird of registration,
and persons to superintend the election and the
returns thereof, prescribe the time, places, and man-
ner of conducting such election, and make all need-
ful rules and regulations for carrying into effect fh©
provisions of this act not otherwise herein provided
for: Provided, That the first election shall be held
within sixty days from the passage of this act. In
the first and all subsequent elections the persons
having the highest number of legal votes for tho
house of delegates, respectively,shall be declared by
the Governor duly elected members of said house."
After section five insert as a new section the fol-
lowing:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That the Legisla-
tive Assembly shall have power to divide that portion
of the District not included in tho corporate limits
of Washington or Georgetown into townships, not
exceeding three, and ereate township officers and
prescribe the duties thereof: batall township officers
shall be elected by the people of the townships,
respectively.
In section six, line three, strike out the word
" twelve " and substitute in lieu thereof the word
" three."
Iu line four of said section six strike out the words
"firstscetion" and substitute in place thereof "pas-
sage of this act."
In line eight of the same section strike out the
words "prior to" and substitute in place thereof
" immediately preceding."
In iine nine of tne same section, after the word
"District" insert "and for all subsequent elections
twelve months* prior residence shall be required to
constitute a voter."
In section seven, line five, after the word " over"
insert "upon final judgment duly recovered."
In section nine, line twenty, strikeout the word
" provided " and substitute in lieu thereof the word
" punished."
In section thirteen, line seven, after the word
"elected" insert "or appointed," and after the
word " house" insert " as herein provided."
In line nineteen of the same section, after the word
"law" insert "in at least two newspapers in the
District."
In line twenty-one of the same section strikeout
the words "at the time," and substitute in lieu
thereof " in the actl"
In section sixteen, line two, strike out the words
" local or."
In section twenty-one, line ten, after the word
"other" add "nor shall said cities, or either *f
them, be taxed for the exclusive benefitof the county
outside of the limits thereof: Provided, Tnat tho
Legislative Assembly may make appropriations for
the repair of roads, or for the construction or repair
of bridges outside the liiniUof said cities."
Strike out all of section twenty-four after the word
"District" in line seven of said section.
After section twenty-four insert as a Berrsectum:
And be it further enacted. That there fhai! be
appointed by the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, a
board of health for said District, to consist of five
persons, whose duty it shall be to declare what shall
be deemed nuisances injurious to health, ami to pro-
vide for the removal thereof; to make regulations
to prevent domestic animals from running at large
in thecities of Washington and Georgetown ; to pre-
vent the sale of unwholesome food in said cities:
and to perform such other duties as shall be imposed
upon said board by the Legislative Awmbl.v.
In section twenty-five, atter the word "of," in line
two, insert "register of wills, recorder of deeds."
At the end ot section twenty-six add tho following
proviso: "Provided, That the powers of corpora-
tions so created shall be limited to the District of
Columbia."
In section twenty-nine, line two, strike out the
words "pulice judge or judges," and substitute in
place thereof "other officers."
In thesamesection, after the word "take," in line
four, insert the woids "and subscribe;" and after
the word "take," in line sixteen, insert the words
"and subscribe;" and in line twenty-three, after
tho word "taken" insert the words "and sub-
scribed."
In section thirty-two, after the word "Columbia,"
in line four,insert "and shall havethequalifications
of a voter;" and in lino nine of the same section,
after the word "Representatives," insert" and shall
also be a member of the Committee for the District
of Columbia."
Strike out all of section thirty-four.
In section thirty-five strike out from the word
"all," in line two, to the word " belonging," ifi line
three, and substitute iu place thereof the words
"real estate."
Strike out all of line five and line six in said sectiofi
thirty-five, as far as and including the word " sched-
ules." and insert " and the ground ■< which have been
dedicated to the public use as parks and squares/'
In line ?ix of the same section strike out the word
"two," and substitute in lieu thereof the word
"five."
In the same section strike out all after the word
" taken" in line ten, as far as and including the word
"aforesaid" in line twelve, and insert "and tho
aggregate of the valuation of private property in
said Distriekwheriever made by the authority of the
Legislative ^teeoibly, shall be reported to Congress
by the Governor."
Strikeout all of said section after the word " ap-
point'' in linefifteen, and substitute in place thereof
"and under such regulations as he shall prescribe."
Strike out all of section thirty-six.
In section thirty-seven strike out the word M two/'
