1364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
in lino three, and «abstituto in place thereof the
word "four."
Strikeout all after the word therein" in line
eight, as far as and including the word "President,"
in lino twelve, and in place thereof insert "one of
said board shall be a citizen and resident of George-
town, and one of said board shall be a citizen and
resident of the county outside of th.e cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown. They."
Inline fourteen strike out the words "for mis-
behavior,^'* and substitute in lieu thereof "by. the
President of the United States."
In line fifteen strike out the word "ordinances,"
nnd substitute in place thereof the word " regula-
tions."
In line sixteen strike out the words relating to,
and substitute in place thereof the words " for keep-
ing in repair;" and after the word "avenues," in
the same line, insert the word " alleys."
In line nineteen strike out the words, receive
and," and after the word "disburse ' insert the
words " upon their warrant." .
In line twenty after the words *' United State3
insert "or the District of Columbia," and after the
words "property-holders" insert the words "in
pursuance of law." .
In line twenty-one after the word ' avenues in-
sert the word "alleys," and after the word "sewers"
insert " and roads and bridges."
In line twenty-two strike out the words and
collect j'.' also strike out the words " they shall pre-
scribe from," and substitute in place thereof the
words "shall be prescribed by law upon."
In linetwenty-three strike outthe words owners
of any;" also strike out the word " speedily," and
substitute in placo thereof the word "specially."
In line twenty-six after the word "cost" insert
" which sum shall be collected as all other taxes are
collected."
In line twenty-nine after the word Assembly
insert "all contracts made by the said board of
public works shall be in writing, and shall be signed
by the parties making the same, and a copy thereof
Shall be filed in the office of the secretary of the Dis-
trict: and said board of public works shall have no
power to make contracts to bind said District to the
payment of any sums of money except in pursuance
of appropriations made by law, and not until such
appropriations shall have been made. All contracts
made by said board in which any member of said
board shall be personally interested shall be void,
and no payment shall be made thereon by said Dis-
trict or any officers thereof."
After the word "Discrict" in line twenty-six, sec-
tion forty, add:
Provided, That the charters of said cities sever-
ally, nnd the powers of said levy court, shall be con-
tinued for the following purpose?, to wit: for the
collection of all sums of money due to said cities,
respectivc'y, or to said levy court; for the enforce-
ment of all contracts made by said cities, respect-
ively, or'by said levy court, and all taxes hereto-
fore assessed remaining unpaid; for the collection
of all just claims agaiii&& said cities, respectively,
or against said fevy court; for the enforcement of
all legal contractsagamst said cities, respectively, or
against said levy court, until theaffairsof said cities,
respectively, and of said levy court, shall have been
fully closed ; and no suit in favor of or against said
corporal ions, or either of them, shall abate by rea-
son of the passage of this act, but the same shall be
prosecuted to final judgment as if this act had not
been passed.
Also add:
£ec. 41. Andbe it further enacted, That there shall
be no election holden for mayor or members of the
common council of the city of Georgetown prior to
the 1st day of June, 1871, but the present mayor and
common council of said city shall hold their offices
until said 1st day of June next. No taxes for gen-
eral purposes shall hereafter be assessed by tbo
municipal authorities of the cities of Washington
or Georgetown, or by said levy court. And upon
the repeal of the charters of the citiestof Wash-
ington and Georgetown, the District of Columbia
be, and is hereby declared to be, the successor of
said corporations, and all the property of said cor-
porations, and of the county of Washington, shall
become vested in tbo said District of Columbia, and
all fines, penalties, costs, and forfeitures which are
now by law made payable tosaidcities,respectively,
or said levy courr, shall bo paid to said District of
Columbia; and the salaries ot the judge and clerk
of the police court, the compensation of the deputy
cl^rk and bailiff of said police court, and of the
marshal of tbo District of Columbia, shall be paid
by Sifid District: Provided, That the moneys col-
lected upon the judgments of said police court, orso
much thereof as may bo necessary, shall be applied
to the payment of the salaries of the judgeand other
officers of said court and to the payment of the neces-
sary expenses thereof; and any surplus remaining
after paying the salaries, compensations, and ex-
penses aforesaid, shall be paid into the treasury of
the District at the end of every quarter.
And the committee further recommend that the
House agree to the amendments to the House amend-
m.ntl«orelnpropo..d.
JOHN A. BINGHAM.
DANIEL W. VOORtlEES,
Managers on the part of the House.
JAMES W. PATTERSON,
llANNIBAIi HAMLIN,
Manager? oil the pari oj the Senate.
Mr. COOK. I move the previous question
on agreeing to the report.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to ask a question
in relation to this report.
Mr. COOK. As I am entitled to an hour
to close the debate, I will answer the question.
Mr. COBURN. In section thirty-five of the
bill, as it passed the House, an exception was
made by which the valuation of personal prop-
erty in the District of Columbia was not to be
made. The object of that valuation was to
make*some rule of apportionment. Now you
have stricken out the words " with the excep-
tion of personal property," and I desire to
know if it is now ,to be valued.
Mr. COOK. Under this report personal
property is not to be valued, only real estate,
with the exception of the public buildings and
grounds and parks and squares. It has noth-
ing to do with personal property at all.
Mr. COBURN. I call the attention of the
gentleman to the report, which proposes to
strike out lines five and six, in section thirty-
five, which would strike but that very excep-
tion. Now, I understand the committee do
not want to do that.
Mr. COOK. After the word "squares" the
words '• except personal property of the Uni-
ted States" are stricken out, and ought to be,
because the gentleman will see in the forepart
of the section that the words " personal prop-
erty" are not included. The section reads,
"there shall be a valuation taken in the Dis-
trict of Columbia of all real estate." Nothing
whatever is said about personal property.
Mr. COBURN. Then there is another mat-
ter. "And the grounds which have been ded-
icated to the public parks and squares." I
should like to know what grounds those are.
Mr. COOK. They are not valuable.
Mr. COBURN. Well, what grounds are
they?
Mr. COOK. Those that have been dedi-
cated by the United States by various laws;
the squares in this city.-
Mr. COBURN. I would like to know what
they are.
Mr. COOK. I cannot state what they are;
they are not to be valued at all.
Mr. COBURN. There area number of lots
i in town that are called public reservations on
the maps, as I understand it; they are not
called " public parks and squares."
Mr. COOK. There are various laws that
authorize lots to be laid out in squares, such
as Franklin Square and other squares of that
kind.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. What about the
Capitol grounds?
Mr. COBURN. Yes, sir: there is the Mall,
the Capitol grounds, the navy-yard, &c.
Mr. COOK. They are to be valued only as
a mutter of information. The public build-
i ings are not to be valued.
Mr. FiNKELNBQllG. And the grounds
on which the public buildings stand—are they
to be included or excepted?
Mr. COOK. The gentleman can read the
section. It reads, ''real estate belonging to
the United States in said District, except the
public buildings and the grounds which have
been dedicated to the public use as parks and
squares." My understanding is that the land
upon which the public buildings stand, dedi-
cated" to the public use, is not to be included.
Be that as it may, it is only once in five years,
and it is for the information of Congress.
The next section is stricken out.
Mr. COBURN. I have been looking at the
map, and 1 do not see that they are called public
squares and parks, but they are called reserva-
tions. There are but one or two "squares,"
so called. We have nothing here that is called
a park. Therefore this exception is really no
great thing. About all the property of the
United States in the city, all these grounds, are
to be included iu this valuation.
Mr. HOAR. I want to ask the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Coosfj whether the land
under his feet, upon which this Capitol stands,
is anywhere exempted from taxation ? The
building is exempted ; is the land?
Mr. COOK. There is no taxation on any
thing. The section providing forthatis entirely
stricken out. There is no requirement for any
appropriation for anything in the world.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Is it exempted from
i)QQPR«mpnt i
Mr. COOK. I understand it so to be. The
gentleman asks my opinion ; that is my under'
standing; I have no doubt of it.
Mr. COBURN. I believe the object of the
valuation is to follow it up by an appropriation ;
it can be for nothing else.
Mr. COOK. That is for the judgment of
every Congress that meets hereafter.
Mr. COBURN. Iknow that very well. The
object of this valuation, as any man of ordin-
ary powers of observation can perceive, is to
make it the basis of assessment and taxation.
But I want also to call attention to section
thirty-seven, in which I find the following:
They [the board of public works] shall receive
and disburse all moneys appropriated by the United
States, or collected from property holders lor the
improvement of streets, avenues, and sewers, and
shall assess and collect,in such manner as they shall
prescribe, from the owners of any property adjoining
and to be speedily benefited by the improvements
authorized by law and made by them, a reasonable
proportion of the cost of the improvement, not
exceeding one third of such cost.
The Government has property bordering on
various streets, and this board of public works
is authorized to collect from the property-
holders, that is, from the United States, one
third of what any improvement may cost.
A question arises in my inind whether a pro-
vision of that kind is not unconstitutional.
Congress has a right to lay taxes and to dis-
pose of the public property. But what is pro-
posed here? That we shall put into the hands
of this board of public works the power to
lay and collect taxes for street improvements
against the General Government, a power we
cannot delegate or confer on anybody. It
gives the power of appropriation, the power
of laying taxes, and the power of disposing
of the public property away at one stroke.
Mr. COOK. The gentleman will permit me
to say that we do 110 such thing. We do not
grant such authority, with reference even to
private property holders. The provision is in
substance that the board of public works shall
collect such taxes as shall be provided lor by
law". The bill absolutely prohibits all taxa-
tion of Government property lb' any purpose.
It gives no authority to this board of public
works to assess one cent of taxes on anybody.
The gentleman utterly misapprehends the sec-
tion.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman has made
his assertion; but I will read the language of
the section, and the House will judge which
of us is mistaken. Nothing can be plainer ot
more explicit, than this language, which I have
already read, and which 1 now read trom the
bill furnished me by the ollicer ot the House
having charge of them :
They shall icceive nnddisburse all moneys impro-
priated by the United States, or collected from imu>-
erty-holders for i ho improvement of streets, av ciiucs,
and sewers, and shall assess and collect, in sucn man-
ner as they sb.ill prescribe, iruui the tjwucraoi' any
property adjoining and to.be speedily benefited by
tho improvement.-* authorized by law and made, by
them, a reasonable proportion ot tlio cost of t ho im-
provement, not exceeding One third of such cost.
That provision authorizes this board to assess
and to collect.
Mr. COOK. I decline to yield to the gen-
tleman any longer.
Mr. COBURN. I understand that I have
the floor in my own right.
Mr. COOK. I hold the floor. The gentle-
man is reading from the wrong bill ; and if lie
will allow me to correct him, I will then yield
to him.
Mr. COBURN. I am reading the bill as
printed.
Mr. COOK. That is not the billas modified
by the conference committee.
