THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
March 3,
lation. I know that the large amount of in-
surance and banking business that is done
there requires greater facilities for transmission
through the mails than for almost any other
city. That city has been the pioneer and the
leader in the insurance business. There are
110 men more enterprising, more energetic,
who have greater business capacity or greater
enterprise, who have ever prosecuted the insur-
ance business with greater success than the
citizens of Hartford. They have invested to-
day in insurance and banking companies over
one hundred million dollars, and the receipts
of those companies are annually more than
thirty million dollars, and their payments are
between twenty and thirty millions. Almost
all these values pass through that post office ;
so that for that business alone there passes
through the post office an annual amount of
between fifty and sixty million dollars. I ask
if it is right for this Government to hold in its
possession such an amount of property while
it is exposed to danger by fire in such a build-
ing as is now occupied by the post office. A
fire could not take place there at any time
without there being a reasonable probability
of there being a destruction of property of
greater value than the cost of such a building
as is now proposed.
Nor is that all. This appropriation is made
upon conditions. The conditions are that the
city shall cede to the Government a lot for the
purpose of erecting this building. The lot
which is proposed is in the center of the city.
It is a site admirably calculated, with regard
to its location, to accommodate the business
of the city. Its value is variously estimated at
from three to five hundred thousand dollars.
I heard a man of good judgment say that he
would not be surprised it' it should bring from
four to five hundred thousand dollars at auc-
tion. I know of a man to-day who will buy it
and give $300,000 iti cash for it on speculation.
Now, the proposition or the suggestion is that
this lot may be conveyed to the Government if
tHe Government will receive it and put upon it
such a building as is suggested. When men
who have such risks of property which they
intrust to the Government, are ready to coine
forward and pay one half of the value of a
building and lot which is necessary for their
protection, X ask if it is not right and reason-
able to make this appropriation and erect such
a building?
Mr. COLE. I rise to make a report from
a committee of conference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive it.
deficiency bill.
Mr. COLE. I submit the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on what is known as the
deficiency bill.
The report was read as follows :
The committee of contereneo on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho bill of the House
(If. R. No. 2995) cnutled "An act rnalvinsr appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the Government for J-he tiseal
years ending June 3U, 1870, and Juno o0,1871. and for
former years, and for other purposes," having met,
after full and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses
as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 4, 16, 17, 24, 26, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 49. 50, 51,
and 52.
That the House of representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered 1, 2, 3. 5, 6. 7, 8. 9. 10,11.12,13,14,15,18,
19. 20, 21. 22, 23, 25. 27, 33, 31. 35. 36, 37, 33. 39, 40, 41,
42, 43, 44, 45, 47, and 48. and agree to the same.
That the House iccede from its disagreement to
the forty-sixth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to tfcasatue with the following amendment, namely :
Strikeout ail after line six in said amendment;
and the Senate agree to the ;-ame.
C. COLE.
T. 0. HOWE.
GEO RGB VICKERS,
Mttnaaers on the part of the Senate.
W.M. LAWRENCE,
WM. B. ALLISON.
SAM. J. RANDALL,
Manager & on the part of the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on agreeing to the conference report.
Mr. POMEROY. No man on earth, out-
side of the conference committee, knows any-
thing about that report. When the report tells
us that we recede about forty-eight times, and
the House about half as many, who knows
what is in the bill?
Mr. COLE. It is quite the reverse. The
Senate recede from about one third as many
amendments as the House recede from their
disagreement to.
Mr. POMEROY. I noticed that one House
or the other receded forty-eight times.
Mr. COLE. There were fifty-two amend-
ments altogether.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kansas desire the Senator from Cali-
fornia to explain the main amendments?
Mr. POMEROY. NoJ sir ; we have had too
much explaining already.
The report was concurred in.
itlvek and harbor bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I submit the report of
the committee of conference on the river and
harbor bill.
The report was read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill(H. R. No. 3036) making appropriations for the
repair, preservation, and completion of certain pub-
lic works on rivers and harbors, and for other pur-
poses, having met, alter full and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and do reccommend to
their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate reeedc from their amendments
numbered 2, 3, G, 7, 9, and 11.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho amendments of tho Senate numbered 1, 4, 8, 10,
12,13,14.15,16, 18, and 19, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifth amendment of tho Senate, and agree to the
sauuewithan amendment, as follows: insert in lieu
of the words stricken out tho words "andfiftyand
that the Senate agree to the same.
That tho House recede from theirdisagreement to
the.seventeenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, asfollows: strike
out of said Senate amendment the words " for a ship-
canal two hundred feet wido and twenty-six feet
deep from the mouth of the St. Mary's river to tho
mouth of the Suwannee river, Florida, the harbors
at the tertnini, with the ebtiination for cost of con-
struction of'canal, improvement of harbor, andeon-
structionof necessary breakwater;'' and the Senate
agree to the same.
Z. CHANDLER.
W. A. BUCKINGHAM,
JOHN W. JOHNSTON^
Managers <m the part of the Senate.
PIIILBTUS SAWYER,
0. IX COGGER,
Managers on the part of the House,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a point of order,
in order to settle the practice of the Senate;
and it may be of more consequence before
twelve o'clock to-morrow. 1 make the point
of order that this report is not now in order
without unanimous consent, there being an-
other subject before the Senate, and I object,
not because I have the least objection to this
report, but in order to have the question set-
tled whether these reports have precedence.
Mr. CHANDLER. It has been the custom
of the Senate to present reports of conference
committees at any time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely make the point
to have it settled. Let ns hear what the Uw is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order made by the Senator
from Vermont. When an appropriation bill
or any other measure is pending before the
Senate no report of a conference committee
can be entertained except by unanimous con-
sent or by laying the pending measure upon
the table, when a Senator can then make the
report; and after it shall bo disposed of any
Senator can move to return to the considera-
tion of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that is the law,
and I make no objection to the present consid-
eration of this report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No objection
being made, the question is on agreeing to the
report.
The report was concurred in.
message from the house,
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 1271) to amend an act for the
relief of Jearum Atkins, approved July 15>
1870; and
A bill (S. No. 913) granting the right of way
to the Green Bay and Lake Pepin Railway
Company for its road across the Oneida reser-
vation, in the State of Wisconsin.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 140) to renew cer-
tain grants of land to the State of Alabama,
with an amendment, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which i%
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 30G7) to regulate the draw-
ing and summoning of jurors in the district
and circuit courts of the United States ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 468) to create and estab-
lish an additional judicial district, to be called
the middle district of New York, and to make
further provisions in relation to courts of the
United States in said State.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the?
bill (H. R. No. 27S9J making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30,1872, and
for other purposes, having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 2-4 and 25.
That tho ilouse of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ate numbered 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. 10,11,12,13,14,15,
16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, and 26, and agree to tho
same.
That the House of Representatives recede from,
their disagreement to the twenty-seventh amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree to the same with the
following amendment:
Strike out all ot said amendment and insert in
lieu thereof the following as a substitute :
And no contract shall be made for a dock under
this section at a cost exceeding $1,000,000; and the
Secretary of the Navy is authorized to invite, by
public advertisement, plans and specifications for
such dock, and to award to any person, not in the
naval service, whose plans may be adopted by the
Navy Department, a sum not exceeding $5 000. But
no plan shall be adopted until it shall first receive the-
sanction of a board of not less than five experienced
officers, to be appointed by the Secretory of the Navy,
a majority of whom shall be constructors and engin-
eers, and one of whom shall be an experienced civil
engineer. And it shall bo tho duty of said board to
consider all the plans and specifications laid betor©
it, whether the same were prepared in the Navy
Department or by parties competing therewith. And
the plans and specifications that shall be adopted
shall he open to the inspection of all persons who
desire to become bidders for at least ninety days
before the awaidmg of said contract.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 29, 30, 31,
32, 33, 34, 35, 36, and 37, and agree to the same with
an amendment, as follows:
Strike out all of said amendments, and substitute
in lieu thereof the following:
Sec. —. That the officers of the medical corps oa
the active list of the Navy shall be as follows :
Fifteen medical directois, ■whoshall have therela-
tive rank of captain ;
Fifteen medical inspectors, who shall have tho
relative rank of commander; and
Fifty surgeons, who shall have the relative rank
of lieutenant couimnnde^or lieutenant; and each
and all of the above-nan*p officers of the medical
corps shall have the pay or surgeons in the Navy, as
now provided ; and medical directors and inspectors
on duty at sea shall receive the pay of fleet surgeons.
One hundred assistant surgeons, who shall have
tho relative rank of mnster or ensign, with the
present pay of assistant surgeon in tho Navy: Pro-
vided, That assistant surgeons of three years' ser-
vice, who have been found qualified for promotion
by a medical board of examiners, shall have the pay
of passed assistant surgeons, as now provided; and
passed assistant surgeons shall have the relative
rank of lieutenant or master,
# And no person under twenty-one or over twenty-
six years of age shall hereafter be appointed an
assistant surgeon in the Navy.
pat corps.
That the officers of the pay corps on the
active hat of the Navy shall oe as follows:
Imrteen pay directors, who shall have the relative
rank of captain;
