538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
ment cannot transfer it without an act of Con-
gress. The act has passed the House 'and is
now here, and there is no objection to it. It
is a mere formal matter.
Mr. CONKLING. Did the Senator say he
was ill while the clerk performed this duty ?
Mr. HOWELL. He had resigned and was
not in office at the time, and the clerk per-
formed the duties and made the mistake of
putting both accounts into one, or depositing
the money received on both accounts to the
credit of one.
Mr. CONKLING. There is no deficit, but
merely a misplacing of accounts.
Mr. HOWELL. It is a misplacing of ac-
counts simply.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed. *
31I1YAN It. YOUNG.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, a bill was
before the Senate at the last session in favor
of Bryan It. young. It gave him a balance
of five or six hundred dollars on a quarter-
master's account for fuel taken fiom his farm.
The bill was called up two or three times and
was about,, to pass, but was objected to by the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds) and
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. IIowarb.J I
have conversed with both those gentlemen,
and they agree that the hill ought to pass, and
tell me that they will support it. i ask that
the bill be now taken up and put upon its
passage. The Senator from Minnesota [Mr.
Bamsky] served with this petitioneras a mem-
ber of Congress about thirty years ago and can
speak of his character and loyalty. He is a
loyal man, an honest inan, as good a man us
lives, and this is an honest claim. I therefore
ask that the bill be taken up and put upon its
passage.
_ Mr. JiAMSEY. That is all so, except that
it is not quite thirty years since 1 served with
Mr. Young. I ask the Senator to be particu-
lar about the years. It is but twenty-seven.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Then T withdraw that remark.
I^hc VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has not yet been received ; but the
Senator from Kentucky asks tho unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider at this time
rlle*r^' ^30) for the benefit of I?ryan
li. Young.
There being no objection, tho bill was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the payment
to Bryan It. Young of $027 50, the difference
between tb(i amount and valuta o( (junrtorinas-
ters' stores taken by the military authorities
Ofthe United Slates from him, and .^HOO, the
amount paid by the order of the Quartermaster
General to him for ihe Cjinu'termaslers' stores,
this amount to be in iull satisfaction of his
claim against the United States for such stores.
J he bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to he engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
executive communication.
I he VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
?"wS a comtmll,jcat.ion from the Secretary
ot War, transmitting, in further compliance
with the resolution of December 1-1, 1870,
additional papers pertaining to the so-called
lexas adventure alleged to have been entered
into during the late war by Wii.li.vm Spkague,
a Senator of the United States, and other citi-
zens of Rhode Island ; which was referred to
the select committee to investigate alleged
traffic with rebels in Texas during* the late
rebellion, and ordered to be painted,
okder of ijusxnbs3.
Mr. CHANDLER. If it is not out of order,
I move that Friday next be sit apart for the
consideration of business iiom the Committee
oa Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
will suspend that motion until Senate resolu-
tions^ are reached, it will then be in order.
Petitions and memorials are now in order.
PETITIONS AND M 5IOItrAL3.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented the petition of
Charles O. F. Clark, late a private in company
O, first regiment Oregon infantry, praying an
increase of pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CONKLING. I presenta memorial of
Horace Greeley, president of the American
Institute of New York, and others, said to
number three thousand, touching an industrial
exposition which they propose in commemo-
ration of the one hundredth birthday of the
nation. They set forth a variety of facts bear-
ing upon it, and among others the fact that in
18(37 they commenced proceedings preparatory
to_ this proposed exposition. As it is indus-
trial in character, and relates to manufactures
largely, among other things, I move the refer-
ence of this memorial to the Committee on
Manufactures.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of J.
Jules Bossier, of the parish of Natchitoches,
Louisiana, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions
of George VV. Hardes and Hiram W. Wall,
of Lunenburg county, Virginia, praying tho
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of P. Gray-
son, praying the establishment of a mail route
from Poplar Hill to Glade Spring Depot, Vir-
ginia ; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of S.
II. Johns, of Oconee county, South Carolina,
praying for the removal of his political dis-
abilities; which was referred to the select
Committee oil tho Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. JEWETT presented a petition of citi-
zens of Missouri, praying the establishment
of n mail route from Grant City, in that State,
to Van liuren, Arkansas; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
i toads.
Mr. FENTON presented resolutions of the
Homeopathic Medical Society of the county
ot Oneida, New York, against the removal of
Dr. Stillmati Spooner, a surgeon of the homeo-
pathic profession, trom the ollice of examining
pension surgeon; which were referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
KKPOUTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1112) to establish ocean steam-
ship lines for the transportation of the mails
between the United States and Europe, and
for other purposes, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr- ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 918) tor the relief ot the East Tennessee
University, reported it with an amendment,
and submitted a report thereon ; which was
ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTKODDOISD.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1208) to relinquish the title ofthe United
btates to certain land occupied by the city
ot Baton Itouge, Louisiana; which was read
twice l)y its title, referred to the Committee
on 1 l-ivate Land Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ABBO T T asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1209) making an appropriation for the erec-
tion of a building for a custom-house, past
office, and United States court-room in Wil-
mington, North Carolina; which was read
twice by its title, referred to tho Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1210) to grant lauds to the Shenandoah Val-
ley Railroad Company, to aid in the eonstrnc-
tion_ of its road; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1211) for the relief ot' Robert Spaugli;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1212) transferring certain powers and
duties to the Department of Justice; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. YATES asked, and by unauimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 284) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States j
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. YAIES. As the resolution is very short,
I ask that it be read at length.
The Chief Clerk read as follows ;
]k,€8oIvg<1 by the Senate, ctnd House of Rfftyesentut!ocr
of the United 'tates of America in Cone/yew woH-mbled
(two thirds of both Houses concurring-,) That lh« fol-
lowing nrticlo bo proposed to the Legislature* uf the
several States, which, when ratified by throe fonrihs
ofsaid Legislatures, shall be valid as part of the Con-
stitution, namely:
AkticlkXVI. Every person, whether a natural-
bornor ioreign-born eitizenof the United States, who
shall have attained to the age of thirty-live yeais,
and been lour teen years a rosidon t withi n the United
btates, shall bo eligible to the office of President.
Mr. YATES. I move that the joint res-
olution be referred to the Committee on tlic
Judiciary and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. 1 BUM BULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. 11. No. 28-5) in reference to life
insurance'companies; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. HAMLIN. I should like to have lliat
resolution read at length ; I want to know what
it is about.
The Chief Clerk rend the joint resolution, as
follows:
by the S> ilnte mid Ifome of HeprpKnUaliven
oj the United platen in (.'o/itjrt*.y« as^emhl^d, That no
penalty shall bo imposed on any life insurance com-
pany incorporated by any State on account of any
action by such company which is authorized by the
laws of the LnUed States; nor shall any tax or other
condition or doing busmcsd be imposed on any Mick
Company which is not, bv the .same authoi'ity, im-
posed upon all life insurance companies.
Mr. IRUMBULL. As attention has been
called to this joint resolution and it has been
read at length, I desire to say that I introduce
it at the suggestion of another, and do not wish
to be understood as indorsing the proposition
by its introduction. I move its reference to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
proposed special 01sders.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that Fri-
day next be set apart for the consideration
ot business from the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mi. N1E. I wish the Senator would give
WaX make a similar motion.
Sir. CHANDLER. It will take but a mo-
ment to act on ray motion.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
hons being now in order, the Senator from
Michigan moves that Friday next, after the
morning hour, be set apart for the considera-
tion of bills from the Committee on Commerce.
Is there objection?
