1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1365
Mr. COBUHN. If the committee of con-
ference have modified this provision 1 would
Jik* to iipar it in its amended form.
Mr. COOK. I will read it.
They—
That is, the board of public works—
shall disburse—
The word* u receive and" before the word
il disburse" have been stricken out—
upon their warrant—
TliKse words, uup^n their warrant," have
been inserted—
all moneys appropriated by the United States, or the
District of Columbia, or colleetcd from property-
holder*, in pursuance ot law, for the improvement
of streets, avenues, alleys, and sewers, and roads,
and brid-'es, and shall assess—
The words u and collected." which followed
u assess^ " have been stricken out—
in such manner as shall be prescribed by law upon
the property adjoining and to bo speedily benefited
by the improvement, &c.
The gentleman has been reading the language
of the old hill.
Mr. COBURN. The clause which the gen-
tleman has read gives this board the power of
assessment,
Mr. COOK. "In such a manner as shall
be prescribed by law."
Mr. COBUR^. It reads £i as they shall pre-
scribe."
Mr, COOK. That is the language of the
oid bill. The gentleman's objection has been
entirely obviated, as he will see by reference
to the amended bill which I send to him. The
bill which he has in his hand has been mate-
rially changed. I call for a vote.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved lhat the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. BEATTYj from the Cominltee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution of the following title; when the
Speaker signed the same:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 498) for the
relief of John L. Thomas, jr., and Edwin H.
Webster, the present and former collectors of
customs at Baltimore, and late United States
designated depositaries.
education in tllli l>istitict.
The SPEAKS 11. The next business in order
if* the bill (H. i£. No. 206G) to provide a uni-
form system of education for the District of
Columbia. This bill comes over as unfinished
business from the third Friday of last month.
Mr. HAMILTON. Tn cousequence of the
passage of the bill just disposed of by the adop-
tion of the report of the committee of confer-
ence, I am directed by the Committee for the
District of Columbia to report, several amend-
ments designed to make the pending bill con-
form to the new order of thiugs.
The bill, which was read, is as follows:
Be it e>i icted by th* Senate and House of Representa-
tives o.f (he United States of A merica In Cong reus '.rawn-
bled, That the several acts regulating the publio
schools of the District of Columbia are hereby
repealed, except as hereinafter provided.
division of school districts.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Tbat the District
of Columbia shall, for sehool purposes* be divided
into three districts, namely; the Washington, George-
town, and suburban ; the Washington district to con-
sist of the corporation of Washington: the George-
town district to consist of the corporation of George-
town; and thesuburban district to consist of all that
portion of the .District of Columbia not included in
tho other two districts.
hoards of directors.
SEC. S. And &,' it further enact#?. That the Wash-
ington district ihail consist of-tour sub-districts,
according to the present division of school districts
in I ho cny of Washington, and shall bo under the
control of a bo.nd ot twelve directors, to be ap-
pointed by the mayor, by and with the advice and
consent of the board of akl<rmen of said city, in
July, 1870, and who shall enter upou their duties
the first Monday after their appointment, (of which
due not ices shall be given by tho mayor.) Three of
said directo?s*hafl be residents of each sub-district,
and they shall be divided into three classes, each
class to consist of one member from each sub-dis-
trict. The first class shall be appointed for a term of
three years; the second class shall be appointed
for a term of two years; the third class s&all be
appointed for a term of one year; and. each class
shall, continue hi office until their successors are
appointed. And thereafter there shaft beappoiuted
in July of each year a class consisting ot one mem-
berfrom each sub-district to succeed that class whose
term of office shall then expire, the same being ap-
pointed for a term of three years, and whoshall con-
tinue in officeuntil their successors are appointed;
that the Georgetown district shall be under the con-
trol of a board of three directors to be appointed
by the mayor of Georgetown, by and with the advice
and consent of the board of aldermen of said city,
in the same manner as tho.^e of the Washington dis-
trict; that tho suburban district shall be under a
board of three directors, to be appointed by the levy
court in July of each year, and be divided into the
same number of classes, each class to continue in
service for the same period of time as those of th.e
other two districts, and in like manner continue in
officeuntil their successors aro appointed.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the board of
directors of the Washington district may authorize
tho directors of the several sub-districts to transact
such business in relation to the schools of their sub-
districts as said board may deem proper, not con-
flicting with the board of educat.on hereinafter
provided.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That each of the
several boards of directors of each of said school dis-
trictsin theDistrictof Columbia, and their successors
in office, shall be a body politic and corporate in law,
and as such may contract aud be contracted with,
sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded in any
court of law or equity in said DL-tuctof Columbia;
may receive any gilt, grant, donation, or devise made
for the use of any school or schools within their
juried ction; and they shall by, and hereby are,
invested, in their corporate capacity, with the title,
care, and custody of all school-houses, school-hou^o i
sites, school libraries, apparatus, or other property \
belonging to such district as now organized, or may |
hereafter be organized, within the limits of their |
jurisdiction, with/ull power to control the sarao in j
such manner as they may think will best subserve |
the interest of the public schools and the cause of i
education; and when, in the opinion of the board,
any school-house or school-house site has become
unnecessary they may sell and convey the same, in
the name of said district, and shall pay the avails
thereof over to the treasurer of said district for the
benefit of schools. They shall also have power to
employ and discharge teachers, and to fix the sal-
aries of the same in their respective districts, sub-
ject to such conditions as hereinafter provided; also
to make such special regulations as shall be required
within said districts not conflicting with tho general
regulations of the board of education. They shall
be required to hold regular meetings at least as often
as once a month, and absence from three consecu-
tive meetings shall be deemed to create a vacancy,
unless such absence be caused by sickness or absence
from tho city. The directors of the suburban dis-
trict shall appoint two assistant directors for each
of their present school districts.
board of education".
sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the boards
of directors of each and all the districts shall assem-
ble in joint convention at the Cuy Hall in the city
of Washington, District of Columbia, on the first
j Tuesday ot August, 1870, and annually thercalter,
and select from their own number a president, sec-
rotary pro tempore, and treasurer; and when thus
organized shall constitute the board of education of
the District of Columbia. The secretary pro tempore
shall keep a journal of all the proceedings of said
board and perform such other duties as the nature
of the office may require, until the election of a-su-
perintendent, as hereinafter provided. The treas-
urer shall make requisitions for money upon the
treasurer of each district in proportion to the num-
berof children of school age in such district, the pro
rata, to be fixed by the board of education, for any
expenses incurred by said board; he shall disburse
all moneys upon the order of the president of said
board, and keep the accounts and vouchers thereof,
and report annually all receipts and expenditures.
The board of education shall meet the first Tuesday
of August, November, February, and May of each
year, and at any other time when requested by either
of the district boards of directors, to transact such
business as the general wants of the several districts
may require. They shall have power to select a
uniform set of text-books, to prescribe a course of
studies, and uniform rules and regulations for all
public schools, so far as practicable, and to fix upon
t.ie time and manner of school examinations and
promotions, and shall make a report to the superin-
tendent on or before the 1st day of October in each
year. And in order to prepare tho graduates of the
grammar t-chools for a higher order of usefulness in f
scientific, mechanical, commercial, and intellectual j
pursuits, they shall organise from rime to time a |
sutficientnumberof high and normal schools to meet i
tho advanced educational requirements of the i
District; for the support, of which a sum of money
equal in proportion to tho number of children of
sehool age in each t^ehool district shall be furnished
by each and all the school districts, pro rata, to bo
fixed by the board of education.
superintendent.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That there shall
he a superintendent, of public school*, who shall
be elected by a majority of the members of fclie
board of education, wtioge term of otfie« shall be
for three years from the fir*t Tuesday in. August*
1S70, or untila mecessor shall be elected. IX". shall
have the general superintendence of aU the pub-
lic schools in the District of Columbia, and shall
devote himself exclusively to the duties ol his ofiiee.
He shall bestow his whole time anu energy to iho
study of the public system, arid keep himself ac-
quainted with tho progress of instruction ana dis-
cipline in other places, in order to suggest appro-
priate means for the advancement of the public
schools in this District. He shall visit each sehool
as often as his other duties will permit, that he may
obtain, as far as practicable, a personal knowledge of
the condition of aU the schools, and be able to tug-
gest improvements and remedy defects in their man-
agetrent. He shall pay particular attention to the
classification of the pupils in the several schools of
each district, and- cooperate with the respective
boards in establishing a.uniform system of instruc-
tion. lie shall advise the teachers as to the best
methods of instruction and discipline, and shall
carefully observe the manner in which they conduct
theirschools; and whenever bcshall find any teacher
deficient or incompetent, he shall report the same
to the board of the district in which such teacher is
employed.^ He shall appointatime in each year for
and assist in the examination of teachers, and shall
sign the certificate of each teacher who sustains a
creditable examination, and perform such other
duties as may be prescribed by the board of educa-
tion. He shall receive from the board of directors
of each school district a monthly statistical report
of the schools in each district, and have the same
recoided in a register, which he shall^keep for that
purpose. He shall be provided withanbfficein fome
suitable location, where he shall keep all blanks,
form*, instructions, and so forth, required by the
board for use in the schools. All the registers, when
titled, records, and reports pertaining to the public
schools of the District of Columbia shuli be kept
in this oQiee, and shall always be open for in-
spection. Tho superintendent shall make out and
pre-ent to Congress, and to the general board, an
annual report as soon as practicable after the ciose
of eac'ti school year. He shall receive a compensa-
tion of $3,500 per annum, to be raised by the sev-
eral districts in amounts proportionate to the num-
ber ot children of sehool ago in each district, the
pro rata to be fixed by the board of education and
paid by the treasurer of each district in monthly
installments, or upon requisition of the treasurer
of the general board.
treasueees.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That the mayor
of Washington, by and with the advice aud consent
of the board of aldermen of said city, shall appoint
a treasurer of public schools for the Washington
district, who shall make requisitions upon the said
mayor for the amount required for school expendi-
tures in said district, and disburse the same upon
the order of the board of directors; that the mayor
of Georgetown, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the board fcf aldermen of said city, shall
appoint a treasurer of public schools for the
Georgetown district, who shall make requisitions
upon the said mayor for the amount required
for school expenditures iusaid district, and disburse
the same upon the ordei of the board of directors;
that, the levy court shall appoint a treasurer for the
suburban district, who shall make requisitions upon
the president of said court for the amount required
forsehool expenditures in the said district, ana shall
disburse the same upon the order of the board of
directors of said suburban district. T&e treasurers
of the Washington and Georgetown districts shall
give such bond aud security and shall receive such
compensation as the several corporateautnoriiies of
Washington and Georgetown may determine. The
treasurer of the suburban district shall grve such
bond and security and receive such compensation
as the levy court may determine. Each ot the
treasurersshal! attendall the meetings of the boards
of directors of their respective districts.
SECRETARIES.
Sec. 9. And be it Jurtker enacted. That a secre-
tary shall be appointed for the Washington district
in like manner as the treasurer of said uit-trict, and
who shall receive such compensation as may be de-
termined by the corporate authorities of the city of
Washington; that a secretary shall be appointed
for the Georgetown district in like manner as tho
treasurer of said district, who shall receive such
compensation as may bedetcmined by the corpor-
ate authorities of the city of Georgetown; that a
secretary shall be appointed for the suburban dis-
trict in like manner as the treasurer of said district,
who shall receive such compensation as may be de-
termined by the levy c^urt. Each of said secretaries
shall keep a journal of all the proceedings of the
board of directors of their respective districts, and
perform such other duties.as, the rules of t;ie board
of oach district and tnenatureof the office requires:
Provided, That nothing in this or in the preced-
ing section shall be se construed as to prevent the
appointment of the same person treasurer and
secretary, should the proper authorities so deteim-
ine.
meetings.
Sec. 10. And be it further exacted. That each hoard
of directors in each hchool district shall invo a
monthly meeting ior the reception of tho tuomhly
