■1978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
to the length of service in the Navy, adding
six years for the length of service of the staff
officers, to compensate for the time spent by
the line officers at the Naval Academy and
before they received their first commission.
This is admitted on all hands to be eminently
just, and no person can complain of it. By
tb is provision in relation to precedence, a staff
officer; a surgeon who has been in the service
twenty years and one day, will outrank a line
officer who has been twenty-six years in the
service: that is, if a procession should be
formed, that surgeon would go before the line
officer, and on all other ceremonial occasions,
011 boards of inquiry, everywhere where they
complain that injustice is now done them.
I will say one word in relation to the exec-
utive officer. Great complaint has arisen on
this question. The Senate amendment was in
about these words: executive officers of ves-
sels of war and naval stations representing
commanding officers thereof shall take pre-
cedence over all officers attached to the vessel
or the station, and all orders from the exec-
utive officer shall be regarded as proceeding
from the commanding officer. The provision
as adopted by the committee of conference is
this: after saying that commanding officers
shall take precedence ol' all the officers under
their command, we then say that the Secretary
of the Navy may detail a line officer to act as
the aid or executive of the commanding officer,
and that as far as practicable that officer so
detailed shall be next in rankto the command-
ing officer, and such detailed officer, while ex-
ecuting the orders of the commanding officer,
shall take precedence over all officers attached
1.0 the vessel or station, and all orders given
by this executive officer shall be considered as
proceeding from the commanding officer. Then
there is a'jirovision added that staff officers
■who are senior to this detailed officer may
communicate directly with the commanding
officer; that is to say, if a surgeon desires leave
to go ashore, he may if he chooses go to the
captain and ask that leave. That is all there
is as to that.
Now, Mr. President, I believe that this is a
fair compromise. Neither side will be en-
tirely satisfied with it; but I believe and I
know it is the best we can do under the cir-
cumstances. I want here in this public place
to advise these officers, both of the line and
of the staff, to accept this in good faith, and
to cease this quarrel. I want to advise them
to cease writing aitides for the newspapers,
especially those who have been writing articles
condemning and trying to overthrow the Navy
itself.
Mr. NYE. I shall not occupy the attention
of the Senate more than a moment ; but for
fear, being a member of the Naval Committee,
that I should be considered as committed to
the report thus agreed upou I propose to say
a word just now to prove that I am not.
There is one point in this compromise, as
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire
calls it, in regard to which 1 desire to enter
my disapproval, and that is the appointment
of this executive officer. From the time the
first ship manned for war floated the executive
officer of that ship has been the one next in
command to the captain, or the officer who
■was acting as captam ; and that officer, the
captain of the ship, has nothing more to do
with his appointment than with that of any
other man on the ship. He is executive offi-
cer by virtue of his commission and the place
he holds. My friend from New Hampshire
says he has compromised this by saying that
the- Secretary of the Navy may detail an officer
for that purpose. Whom is he to consult in
the detail?
Mr. CRAGIN. If the Senator will allow
me, the Secretary of the Navy now details this
officer, and nobody else has any right to detail
him.
Mr. NYE. T understand that a little differ-
ently from the Senator. It is pro forma. The
Secretary says who shall go on board these
ships, but when they get on board the man
holding the highest commission and the oldest
one next to the captain is executive officer by
virtue of his position; and from necessity that
must be the case.
Now, let me show the Senate how this pro-
vision will lead to the utmost confusion. Sup-
pose the honorable Senator on my left [Mr.
Morton] holds a commission twenty-five years
old in the Navy ; he bears the scars of twenty
battles i he has grown old in the service ; but
from some prejudice against him, or some par-
tiality for a young man who has just put on
his naval swaddling-clothes, that young man is
detailed by the Secretary of the Navy as exec-
utive officer of that ship, and my friend here,
although he could teach him his alphabet in
education and in war, must be subject to this
officer, who, from some cause or other, from
political influence or otherwise, is made ex-
ecutive officer of that ship. My honorable
friend from New Hampshire will find that he
has made "confusion worse confounded" in
this case.
Now, I desire to say one word more, fori am
going to vote for this report; but I want to say
enough to show that I do not approve of it.
The whole of this confusion has arisen from
one foolish thing done by a wise Secretary,
and that was Mr. Welles. He gave the staff
officers rank for the purpose of giving them
the thirty-tluee percent, additional pay. It
was an order that was born in kindness, but
has resulted in almost the overthrow of the
Navy. When the staff officers came here (and
I have received three bushels of communica-
tions on the subject) they asked to have that
order of Mr. Welles legalized. Why? Not
that they wanted rank, hut they wanted the
pay that that thirty-three per cent, additional
gave them. I sympathized with them in that
effort, and did the best I could to help to
legalize that order; and it was legalized. Then
the system of lobbying commenced, and from
Maine to California every doctor wants to be
a commodore and every engineer a com-
mander-in-clnef.
Mr. THURMAN. How about the chaplains?
Mr. NYE. They wantrank, too. The chap-
lains must have relative rank. Sir, they have'
no rank in the armies of the earth ; their rank
is in another army, where armor is not worn.
From that order of Secretary Welles all this
confusion has grown. Now, let me imagine a
case and I have done. Here is an engineer a
commodore, a doctor a commodore, a chap-
lain a commodore, and an officer of the line a
commodore. They are all ashore and come
to visit me, perchance; and when I say "com-
modore," up go the ears of all four of them
like a steer in the corn, [daughter,] I must
explain to three of them, "Ido not mean you,
sir; I mean the doctor commodore." In the
night-time I am stricken with a bullet-shot on
Hie deck of a ship, and I am to say, " Willyou
send for the doctor commodore ; 1 am hurt."
[Laughter.] How nonsensical! Or, I must
say, "Send for the paymaster commodore; I
want a dollar." Again, " Send for the chap-
lain commodore; I am (lying, and 1 want con-
solation from a commodore." The last place
to look for it on God's earth. [Laughter.]
Suppose I am the executive officer of a vessel.
The storm-king is abroad in all his majesty and
power. The captain is asleep from fatigue,
and I walk the deck as the commanding offi
cer of that ship. I put my head down and
say to the engineer, "I want you to put on
four pounds more of steam, by order of the
captain." Remember, these gentlemen of the
staff will not take an order from the executive
officer, but it must, be pro forma " by order of
the captain." Then I must go, wake up the
captain, and say, "Captain, we have not steam
enough to keep headway in a rough sea; how
many pounds shall we put on?" He is con-
fused, and he says, " Where are we heading
now? Where are we?" "Well, I do not know
exactly myself, but we want more steam'on to
keep the ship heading to the wind, and the
engineer tells me I must come and ask you."
Sir, I would take a handspike to that engineer
if 1 was in command of that ship, walking its
deck as its commander. In the hour of battle
the time comes when something desperate
must be done. The captam is engaged in one
part of the ship, aud I, the executive officer, am
walking another. I say, "Put on ten pounds
more of steam." The engineer replies, "I
have got on all the steam 1 can run." I tell
him, " That is none of your business." "It
will blow up the ship." " Well, I will blow it
up." Sometimes it is as necessary to blow up
a ship to save the whole fleet as it is to do any-
thing else.
Now, sir, all I have to say is that this will
lead to the utmost confusion in the Navy, and
result in disorder to the Navy, and it will im-
peril the staff more than it will the line. That
is all I have to say. I shall vote for this, but
I want to put on the back of it that I do not like
it. [Laughter.]
Mr. CRAGIN. If I can have the attention
of the Senate for a moment I should like to
read this clause 
Several Senators. Oh, no; let us vote.
Mr. CRAGIN. I want to show my honor-
able friend that he is quite wild; but no mat-
ter, let it go. ["Vote!"]
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator from
New Hampshire will not make any speech. If
he does, I shall make a speech of an hour and
a half. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hami.in
in the chair.) The question is on agreeing to
the report of the committee of conference.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, aunounced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of thetwo Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
2816) making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending June 30, 1872,
and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on" the bill (S. No. 995) for the
relief of purchasers of lands sold for direct
taxes in the insurrectionary States.
The message further announced that the
House had appointed Mr. Thomas W. Ferry,
of Michigan, a member of the conference com-
mittee on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 2509) to abolish the offices
of Admiral and Vice Admiral in the Navy, in
place of Mr. N. B. Judd, of Illinois, excused.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. R. No. 295)
relating to rights of actual settlers upon certain
lands in Iowa, with an amendment, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2579)
making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department for the year ending
June 30, 1872.
SETTLERS IN IOWA.
Mr. HARLAN. A joint resolution has just
been returned from the House of Representa-
tives in relation to the rights of settlers on the
public lands, with a slight, amendment. I ask
unanimous consent to take it up and concur in
the House amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the House only
add other States to Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. That is all.
By unanimous consent, theSenate proceeded
to consider the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the joint resolution (S. R.
