540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
poor people from becoming landholders. It
is known to every member of this body that
they are now poor ; many of them are indus-
trious, but they have not acquired any sur-
plus yet; I suppose, a3 a general rale, that they
could apply in the purchase of land, but they
will doubtless, from year to year, settle on the
public lands as homestead settlers and will
thus become in time landholders. I am there-
fore opposed to the passage of the joint reso-
lution. I think the law as it now is in regard
to those States ought to bo made general rather
than repealed.
Mr. KELLOGG-. I do not yet rightly un-
derstand the objection of my friend from Iowa.
I understood liim to offer this amendment last
session, objecting to the placing of the lands
in the States specified iu the joint resolution
upon the same looting as the lands in other
States and Territories. I now understand him
to object to that clause allowing the lands to
be located under land warrants, for instance,
or entered as a quarter section of land, or two
or three quaiteis. Now, sir, the object of the
joint resolution is simply to place the public
lands in Louisiana, Florida, Alabama, Missis-
sippi, and Arkansas upon the same footing as
tins public lands in all the other States of the
Union; nothing more. The argument of the
Senator from Iowa I admit is very forcible,
and is very plausible, and undoubtedly was the
moving causa of the original law withdrawing
these lands from the operation of the law that
applieu to all public lands iu the other States
and Territories; because that law was enacted
during the war, I think, with a view to the
manumission of the slaves, and to give them
1 he advantages that the Senator from Iowa
assumes would accrue, ami I presume would,
to them, under the law.
But, sir, time has demonstrated the neces-
sity of the repeal of that restricting law, has
demonstrated the necessity of placing these
lands upon the same footing as public lands
iu oilier States, because none of these lands to
sneak of have been taken up, anil there has
been no manifestation on the pail of the peo-
ple of a desire, to any considerable extent, to
enter upon these lands under the present law.
These broad acres lie open now. They cannot
be entered. Thousands and thousands of acres
in the. States of Louisiana, Mississippi, and
Klorida, that might bo entered and would be
entered by people from the North and from
the Middle States, as well as by people who
reside there, cannot now be entered and never
will bo entered except under the homestead
law. The homestead law and the homestead
law alone applies to those States. My object
is to remove that restriction and allow any
person to enter land under the homestead law
or by location. 1 do not ask that those lands
be exposed lo sale, as llie lands in many of
the States and Territories are; f simply ask
that tbey be subject to location under the
homestead law or by pieiimption.
I confess I cannot see why the Senator from
Iowa should desire to place a restriction upon
tile lands embraced within four or live States
that he is not willing to see put upon the lands
in his own State. It is ti-u1 understand him
to say that he is willing to have the law gen-
eral, but alter having the advantage of the
old law in his State, and induced immigration
thereby, 1 tail to see the reason of his asking
that that restriction should be placed upon
other States.
Mr. IIAItLAN. Instead oflowa having had
an advantage from the laws the honorable Sen-
ator refers to, in my opinion they have been
of very great detriment to that State. The
only unsettled part of Iowa now is owned by
lion residents of the State. In some parts of
Iowa, p.lthough the population now reaches,
perhaps, over twelve hundred thonsand, you
may travel for liouis over the prairie without
striking a settlement; and when you make in-
quiry at the propei quaiter, you find that the
land is owned by people who reside elsewhere.
It is for this reason that I should be very glad
to have the law now in force iit the States to
which this resolution refers made general, so
that no other new State shall be made to suffer
in the way Iowa has suffered by permitting
lands to go into the hands of those who never
intend to cultivate them.
If this joint resolution should become a law
as it now stands, it will enable non-residents
to buy up all the vacant lands in the States to
which it refers. The honorable Senator from
Louisiana says that its application is only to
four or five States, and that is true; but the
honorable Senator well knows the reason.
There were residing in those States some four
millions of people who had been made Ameri-
can citizens, who were extremely poor, and had
not previously been the owners of their own
persons, and of course were destitute of means
sufficient to become land-owners. It was be-
lieved by Congress, however, that they might
in time, by industry, acquire enough means to
pay the usual fees required of a homestead
settler, which amount to about six or seven
cents an acre. But the honorable Senator is
not content that this shall remain the law in
those four or five States.
Why, Mr. President, the relation of these
people to the whole nation has not materially
changed. They have, to be sure, been pro-
viding for themselves for a very few years, but
they are yet, we are told, extremely poor. Now,
we ought not to put it into the power of a few
wealthy men in those States and in other States
to buy up all these lands and put it out of the
power of four millions of American citizens to
become land-owners. This is the objection to
this resolution. If it is to become a law it
ought to bo modified.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator if he
understands that under existing laws these
lands aro subject to homestead settlement.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand they are sub-
ject to homestead settlement in small quanti-
ties. I understand that they may be taken up
in homesteads to the amount of eighty acres
for one settler.
Mr. KELLOGG. That is all; they are sub-
ject only to entry iu that way.
Mr. IIAIiLAN. If the honorable Senator
will consent to have this joint resolution re-
furred back to the Committee on Public Lands
with the understanding that they will report it
back with such an amendment as he now sug-
gests, enabling the homestead settlers to enter
one hundred and sixty acres of laud, I have
no objection.
Mr. KELLOGG. I do not desire that it
should go back to the Committee on Public
Lands, because that delays action. If it can
be amended here in that way I shall not object
to that. My object is to induce immigration,
to induce settlement and the purchase of land.
I have no objection to the amendment tho
Senator from Iowa suggests.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Iowa modify his amendment?
Mr. IIAItLAN. Let the bill be passed over
informally for two or three minutes, to prepare
the amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well.
; The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
: lution will be passed over informally if there
be no objection.
MESSAGE FROM TIIK HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (U. II. No. 2591) relating to tele-
graphic communication between the United
States and foreign countries ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 460) declar-
atory of the meaning of the twenty-sixth sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act to reduce in-
ternal taxes. audfor other purposes," approved
July 14, 1870.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Themessage also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following bill and
joint resolutions ; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 53) to pay two companies of
Oregon volunteers;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 80) for the
restoration of Captain Dominick Lynch, of the
United States Navy, to the active list from the
reserved list; and
A joint resolution (II. E. No. 377) granting
condemned ordnance to the Seventh Regiment
Monument Association of Ohio.
JAPAN STEAM NAVIGATION COMPANY.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to take up for
consideration the bill (S. No. 1054) to incor-
porate the Japan Steam Navigation Company.
1 will state that this bill embraces no subsidy
whatever. It is simply to grant these parties
a charter so as to give them a standing in the
consular courts in Japan. It is to increase
the commerce of the United States.
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot agree that that
bill shall be passed without discussion. I am
not prepared to acknowledge that Congress
can go into the granting of acts of incorpora-
tion for all business purposes. If we go into
that, I do not know where we are to stop. I
propose to discuss that question when this bill
comes up; and if an objection avails now, I
object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no busi-
ness before the Senate now, and a majority can
take up the bill; but at one o'clock it will pass
from the consideration of the Senate, being
then displaced by the unfinishedjiusiuess.
Mr. THURMAN. Of course there is no
time in the remnant of the morning hour to
discuss so grave a question. I think the ques-
tion should be fully considered befoie Con-
gress goes into this business of enlarging cor-
porations by its act. I think it has gone too
far already in that direction.
Mr. CORBETT. This bill has been fully
considered in the Committee on Commerce.
It is simply a bill to increase the commerce
of the United States with foreign countries.
The parties who propose to engage in tins
business cannot have the protection of tho
United States laws in Japan unless they are
chartered by the United States Government.
This is necessary to give them a standing in
our consularcourts there. Questions between
American citizens, or between them aud others,
in Japan, are tried before the consular courts
there, under the laws of the United States, in
pursuance of treaties between this country and
Japan. These parties cannot have a corporate
existence there and carry on their business
safely in that country unless they be chartered
by the United States Government. We have
heretofore chartered such companies, I believe,
to the advantage of the American Government
and of American citizens. I do not see why
the Senator from Ohio should object to our
increasing American commerce in foreign
waters, and that is simply what it amounts to.
The bill is carefully guarded. If the Senator
will allow it to be read, and will hear its pro-
visions and notice the guards that are thrown
around it, I think he will not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate on the
merits of the bill at this stage is not in order
under the rules, as the question now is simply
on the motion to take it up for consideration.
Sir. THURMAN. I thought it had been
taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not yet
been taken up. The motion is to take it up,
and that depends on a majority of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection to
the bill being taken up if it is not to be pressed
to a vote to-dfiv.
