1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1367
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
whether the public property of this District is
taxed. We all know that it is not. But the
gentleman equally well knows that the public
property oftneStateofMissouriorofany other
Stale is not taxed either, and the public do-
main of the State of Missouri, which it has
held since the State was admitted into the
Union in 1820, is worth five times the value of
the whole property in this District owned now
by the Government. Neyer one dollar of tax
has been imposed upon it. The same is true
with every one of the United States, and Gov-
ernment property is held to a greater or less
extent in all. Nobody ever p.-opoaed to tax
that property in any State. Ko State has
ever had the audacity to come here and ask
the permission of the Government of the Uni-
ted States to tax its property for the support
of schools or any other purpose.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 would say thatStates
have had the audacity, to use the words of the
gentleman from Missouri, to ask the Congress
of the United States to appropriate the public
domain by millions of acres for the support of
education in those States. I do not know
how many acres the State of Missouri has
received for that purpose.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state to the gen-
tleman that one thirty-sixth part of the public
domain in the State of Missouri was set apart
for the use of common schools. I am not
aware that any State in which there is any
public domain has ever had a donation of
public lands for schools, excepting perhaps for
the agricultural colleges. The State of Mis-
souri paid four times the amount of the value
of the school lands she received by relinquish-
ing the privilege of taxing the lands for five
years after they were sold to individuals. That
was the compensation she paid for the sixteen
sections set apart for common schools.
Mr. HAMILTON. I want to tell the gen-
tleman another reason why the Government
is asked to make this meager appropriation.
Almost thirty-three per cent, of the children
attending the public schools in this District are
the children of the employes of the Govern-
ment, who pay no taxes in this District of
any kind whatever. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to lay the bill
upon the table, and call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask that the bill may be
reported.
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent, as it has been once reported.
Mr. SWANN. I object.
The question was taken on Mr. Benjamin's
motion ; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 515, nays 116, not voting 08; as follows:
YBAS—Messrs. Adatns, Axtell, Beatty,Benjamin,
Betlmnc, Biggs, Bird. Blair, Booker. Boyd, James
Brooks, Burcliard, Calkin, ChuretiilI.Sidney Clarke.
Amasa; Cobb, Conner, Crebs, Dickinson, Box, Bake,
DyCr, Ferriss. Finkelnburg, Gets, Hay, Holman,
Johnson. Kerr, Lawrence. Lewis,Lougbridge, May-
ham, McCormick, Jesso H. Moore, William Moore,
Morrissey, Mui'scen, Price, Randall, Reeves, Rogers,
Roots, Sawyer, Schumaker,Shober, Joseph S. Smith,
Stiles, Strader. Trimble, Wallace, Ward, Wells,
Witeher, Woodward, and Young—56.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, Asper,
Atwood, Ayer, Banks, Barry, Beaman, Bennett,
Bingham, Boles, George M. Brooks. Buck, Buckley,
Bufflnton. Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Cessna. William T. Clark. Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn,
Conger, Cook, Cowles, Dawes, Degener, Dickey,
Joseph Dixon, Dockery,Donley, Duval,Farn«worth,
Ferry, Garfield. Gilfillan, Haldeman, Hale, Hamill,
Hamilton. Harris, Hawley, Hoar, lloge, Holmes,
Hooper, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones.Judd. Kelley,
Kellogg, Ivetcham, Laflin, Lash, Logan, Maynard,
McCrnry, McGrew, McKee. McKenssie, Moreur, Ma-
rty, Morphia, Daniel J. Morrell.- Myers. Negley,
Newsham, Ntblaek. O'Neill, Orth. Packard,Packer,
Halbert E. Paine, William W. Paino, Palmer, Peck,
Potnoroy. Porter, Potter, Prosser. Rainey, Sanford,
Scofleld,Shanks LionelA. Sheldon, Johu A.Smith,
William J. Smith. Worthington C. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stokes, Stone.Stougaton, Strick-
land, Strong, Sw&nn, Sypher, Taffo, Tanner. Till-
man, Townsend.Twichell.Tyner. Upson,Van Trump,
Voorhees, Cadwalad<r C. Washburn. William B.
Washburn. Welker. Wheeler, Whitmore. Willard
Williams, John X. Wilson. Wolf, and Wood—116.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell. Bailey, Barnum, Beck, Benton, Bowen, Bur-
dett, Burr, Cake, Cleveland, Corker, Cox, Cullom,
DarralJ, Nathan F. Dixon, Ela. Eldridse, Fisher,
Fitch, Box. Gibson, Griswold. Haigbt, Hambleton,
Hawkins. Hays, HeSin, Hill. Hotcbkiss, Ingersoll,
Thomas L. Jones, Julian. Kelsey, JCnapp, Knott,
Long, Lynch. Manning, Marshall, McCarthy, Mc-
Neely, Milnes, Eliakiw II. Moore, Morgan, Samuel
P. Morrill, Perce, Peters, PheJps. Piatt, Poland,
Rice, Sargent, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod. Slocurn,
Stevens, Sweeney, Taylor, Van Auken, Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Wbiteley, Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wil-
son, Winans, and Winchester—08.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I desire to say that
upon the vote just taken I voted under a mis-
apprehension. I intended to have voted in the
affirmative.
The amendments reported by the committee
were then agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Sir. BENJAMIN. I think we had better
have the engrossed bill read.
Mr. HAMILTON. Then I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 71, not voting
81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Beatty,
Benjamin, Bethune, Biggs, Bird, Blair, Booker,
George M. Brooks, Buckley, Burchard, Calkin,
Churchill, Sidney Clarke. Amasa Cobb, Conger,
Conner, Crebs, Dickey, Dickinson, Dox, Dyer, Fink-
elnburg, Garfield, Getz, Gilfillan, Hale, Hamilton,
Hawkins, Hay, Hefiin, Hoar, Holman, Jenckes,
Judd, Kelley, Kerr, Lawrence, Lewis, Mayham,
Maynard, McGrew, McKenzie, Eliakim H. Moore,
William Moore, Morgan, Morphis, Daniel J. Mor-
rell, Mungen, Negley, Newsham, Niblack, Peck,
Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Potter, Price, Prosser, Ran-
dall, Reeves, Rice, Rogers. Sawyer, Lionel A. Shel-
don, Shober, Slocum, Stiles, Stoughton, Strader,
Strickland, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble,
Tyner, Van Trump, Voorhees, CadwaladerC. Wash-
burn, WilliamB. Washburn, Welker, Wells, White-
ley, John T. Wilson, Woodward, and Young—88.
NAYS —Messrs. Archer, Asper, Atwood, Ayer,
Banks, Barry. Beaman. Bennett, Bingham, Buck.
Bufflnton, Roderick R. Butler, Cessna, William T.
Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cowles, Dockery,
Donley, Duval, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fisher,
Hamill, Harris, Hawley, Holmes, Hooper, Alexan-
der H. Jones. Laflin, Lash, Lougbridge, Manning,
McCrary, McKce, Mercur, Jesse H. Moore, Morris-
sey, Orth, Packard. Packer, Halbert E. Paine, Wi -
liamW. Paine, Palmer, Phelps, Porter, Rainey, San-
lord. Schumaker, Scofield, Shanks. John A. Smith,
William J. Smith,Worthington C. Smith, Stevenson
Stokes, Stone, Swann, Tanner, Twichell, Upson,
Wallace, Ward, Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson,
Willard, Williams, Wolf, and Wood—71.
NOi' VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Armstrong. Ar-
nell, Axtell, Bailey, Baruum, Beck, Benton, Boles,
Bowen, Boyd, James Brooks, Bardett, Burr, Ben-
jamin F. Butler,Cake. Cleveland,Cook, Corker,Cox,
Cullom, Darrali, Dawes, Degener, Joseph Dixon,
Nathan F. Dixon, Duke, Eldridge, Ferry, Fitch,
Fox, Gibson. Griswold, Haight, Haldeman, Hamble-
ton, Hays, Hill. Hoge, Hotehkiss, Ingersoll. John-
son. Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Knapp, Knott, Logan. Long, Lynch,
Marshall, McCarthy, McCormick,McNeely, Milnes,
Morey, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, O'Neill, Perce,
Peters, Roots, Sargent, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod,
Joseph S. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Strong,
Sweeney, Sypher, Taffo. Van Auken, Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, Winchester,
and Witeher—81.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The engrossment of the
bill having been reconsidered, the bill is now
divested of the operation of the previous ques-
tion and is open to amendment and discussion.
Mr. HAMILTON. I now move the pre-
vious question on the bill.
Mr. SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that the bill is not being engrossed. The en-
grossing clerk informs the Chair that it cannot
be done to-day.
Mr. HAMILTON. Then 1 move that the
House now adjourn.
Mr. COOK. Let the bill first be ordered to
be engrossed, and go to the Speaker's table if
necessary.
Mr. HAMILTON. Very well; I will with-
draw the motion to adjourn.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I again call for the read-
ing of the engrossed copy of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill not having yet
been engrossed, it will go to the Speaker's table.
Mr. PROSSER asked and obtained leave
to have_ printed in the Globe some remarks
upon this bill. [See Appendix.]
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Simp-
son, one of its clerks,- announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2689) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1872, and for other purposes.
RIGHT OP ACTION.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back, with amend-
ments, House bill No. 2607, to give a right of
action for injuries in certain eases.
The bill, as proposed to be amended, pro-
vides that in the District of Columbia, and in
all the Territories of the United States, every
wife, child, parent, guardian, husband, em-
ployer, or other person who shall be injured in
person, property, means of support, or other-
wise, by any intoxicated person, or by reason
of the intoxication of any person, directly or
indirectly, shall have a right of action iu his
or her own name against any person or per-
sons who shall, by selling or giving any intox-
icating liquor, or otherwise, have caused or
contributed to such intoxication, or shall have
caused, in whole or in part, the intoxication
of such person or persons ; and that in any
such action the plaintiff shall have a right to
recover all damages resulting from intoxica-
tion to the plaintiff; and that in every action
by any wife or husband proof that the parties
lived together openly and avowedly as hus-
band and wife shall be prima facie evidence
of such relation; and the amount recovered
by every wife shall be her sole and separate
property.
The amendments to the bill were agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and reada third time.
Mr. WOOD. 1 would like to hear some
explanation of this bill.
Mr. COOK. I yield to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] to explain the bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE. This bill, as I under-
stand it, is substantially the same as that which
I had the honor to introduce in this House on
the 4th of January—H. R. No. 2607. Its
object is to give a right of action to every per-
son "who shall beinjured in person, property,
means of support, or otherwise, by any intoxi-
cated person, or by reason of the intoxication
of any person," and against "any person who
shall by selling or giving intoxicating liquor"
have caused or contributed to the injury. A
simple statement of the purpose of the bill, it
seems to me, is sufficient to insure its passage.
I have on another occasion in ibis House
briefly alluded to this bill, and I will not now
reiterate what I then said. It has been dis-
cussed in public assemblies in this city and in
the newspapers in many parts of the country,
and 1 have not yet heard or seen any objection
urged against it. It proceeds upon the theory
that where injury or wrong results to any inno-
cent third party, the person producing or con-
tributing to it should be held responsible. I
do not now argue the question whether it is
right or proper to sell or give intoxicating
liquors to be drunk, or to drink them ; but I
do say, what I think no one can rightfully deny,
that it is a wrong to sell or give intoxicating
liquors to any person to be drunk to such an
