1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1979
No* 295) relating to rights of actual settlers
upon certain lands in Iowa; which was in line
four to strike out the word "Iowa" and insert
the words "any State;" in line fourteen to
strike out u Iowa " and insert the words " the
State where said lands are situated;'T and to
amend the title by striking out the words u in
Iowa."
Mr. STEWART. I want to hear the bill
read nosv as it applies to all the States.
Mr. BOilEMAN. I should like some
explanation of this measure.
Mr. HARLAN". It is a short bill, and will
occupy but a moment.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution, as
passed by the Senate, as follows:
That should any settler upon any of the public
lands in Iowa, who made said settlement with bona
fide inrent to enter the same under the provisions
of the homestead or preemption laws of the United
States, and who has continued to reside upon and
improve the same, or the assigns of any such claim-
ant who has continued such settlement, as aforesaid,
until judgment may have been, or may be, rendered
against him by a competent court of the United
States, such settler shall be entitled to all the lein-
cdjes and reliefs provided by the laws of the State
of Iowa., enacted for the purpose of protecting the
rights of occupying claimants.
Mr. STKYYART. You cannot apply that to
other States. That applies the laws of the State
of Iowa 
Mr. HARLAN. No, that is omitted.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment of the
House is to strike out "Iowa" in the firstIme
and insert "auy State."
Mr. STEWART. Read it as it will be if
amended.
The Chief Clerk. If the resolution be
amended in the manner proposed by the House
of Representatives, it will read:
Revolved, &c.. That" should any settler upon any
of tne public; lands in any State, who made said set-
tlement with 6onu./M/e intent to enterthesame under
the provisions of the homestead or preemption laws
of the United States, and who has continued to reside
upon and improve the same,, or the assigns of any
such claimant who has continued such -settlement,
as aforesaid, until judgment may have been, or may
be, rendered against him by a competent court of
the United States, such settler shall be entitled to all
the remedies and reliefs provided by the laws of the
State where said lands are fituated, enacted for the
purpose of protecting the rights of occupying claim-
ants.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like somebody
to explain what that means. Does it mean
that where there is a squatter on the public
land and judgment is finally rendered against
him, he shall be paid for all his betterments?
Is that what it is ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is exactly it, I expect.
Mr. HARLAN. No ; but it is that where a
person settles on public land under the home-
stead or preemption laws and the title ultimately
fails, he may recover of the opposing party the
Value of his improvements tlia'" he puts on the
land if the laws of the State would give him
such remedy in the State courts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is to say, not the
opposing party, but the United States; iu other
words, if a man unlawfully settles on the lands
of the United States and he is finally ejected,
the United States shall pay him damages for
settling on its land. I think that is very proper
legislation ; it is exactly like the provision we
made for the Ohio bridge; it is only a second
step in the same direction.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator from Ver-
mont mistakes the bill altogether, and then
denounces it as he supposes it to be. It pro-
vides that where a person settles upon a piece
of land in goodlaith, and a grant is made by
the United States covering his claim, and a
suit is brought by the grantee to recover pos-
session, the settler shall have the value of his
improvements when the suit is terminated, in
case the laws of the State give such value to
a person under similar circumstances. That
is all there is of it.
Mr. STEWART. That seems to me a deli-
cate question, and I suggest that it lie on the
table a few moments or that we non-concur and
have a committee of conference to examine it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it lie over.
Mr. HARLAN. Let it be passed over and
it can be examined.
BRIDGET ANGCS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before we go on with the
miscellaneous appropriation bill, I ask unan-
imous consent to call up and have passed two
House pension bills that they may be enrolled—•
one for the relief of Bridget Angus—which I
send to the Secretary's desk. I report it now
from the Committee on Pensions.
By unanimous consent, the bill (II. R. No.
2237) for the relief of Bridget Angus was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of thepensionlaws,
the name of Bridget Angus,'foster-mother of
Walter H. Angus, iate a sergeant iu company
K, forty-fourth regimentNew York volunteers,
and to pay her a pension at the rate of eight
dollars per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
LUCIA HARDEN.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I ask the Senate to
consider House bill No. 3076.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
3076) granting a pension to Lucia Harden was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place on the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Lucia Harden, mother of
Martin Allen, late a seaman on the United
States sloop Dale.
The bill was read three times, and passed.
senator from texas.
Mr. COLE. I think we must proceed with
the appropriation bill. The night is getting
well advanced, and unless it be sent to the
House of Representatives within a very short
time it cannot pass at this session.
Mr. MORTON. I rise to a question of
privilege. I ask leave to submit the creden-
tials of General Joseph J. Reynolds, who has
been elected a Senator for six years by the
Legislature of Texas, and I wish to make a
statement. The credentials bear the seal of
the State, and have been regularly forwarded ;
but by an accidental omission they do not bear
the signature of the Governor, but they are
inclosed by the Governor in a letter to General
Reynolds, and I ask to have both read and laid
on the table.
The Chief Clerk read the credentials, as
follows:
Exvcttive Office,
Austin, February 20,1871.
To the President of the Senate of the United Mates :
I, E. J. Davis, Governor of the State of Texas, do
hereby certify that J. J. Reynolds was chosen by tho
Legislature of this State, on Tuesday, the 21th day
of January, A. D. 1871 Senator to the Congress of the
United States, in accordance with joint, resolution
ofsaid Legislature approved January 2l>, A.D. 1871,
to fill the vacancy from Texas in the term expiring
on the 3d day of March, A. D. 1877, said Legislature
having convened on the lUth dayol' January, A. D.
1871, and completed its organization on the 14tn day
of January, A. D. 1871.
In testimony whereof, I hereunto sim my name,
r „ i and cause tho great seal of tho State to be
LL. S.J affixed, at the eity of Austin, tho day and
date above written. 
Governor.
By the Governor: J. E. OLDRIGIIT,
Acting tSecrvtary of btate.
Mr. MORTON. Now, I wish to have the
accompanying letter read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Executive Office,
AtJSTlX, February 20, 1871.
My Dear Sir : I inclose your credentials as Sen-
ator-eleet for six years, commuucing 011 tho lfcn oi
^Ido^ot.knowhowithas happened thai theinatter
has so far been overlooked, and 1 tear now that it
may not arrive in time for presentation before the
4th of March, as it ought to be.
Very respectfully,
EDWARD J. DAVIS,
Governor.
General J. J. RiftrNoi-DS, Senator-elect from Texas,
Washington, D. 0.
The papers were ordered to be filed.
settlers in iowa.
Mr. HAIiLAN. I move that the Senate non-
concur in the amendments of the House "of
Representatives to the joint resolution (8. R.
No. 295) relating to rights of actual settlers
upon certain lands in Iowa, and ask'for a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
The motion was agreed to ; and it was
llewlved, That the Senate disagree to the amend-
ment of the House to the said joint resolution, and
ask for a conleience on the disagreeing votes of tho
two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Harlan, Mr. Williams, and Mr. Casserly
as the conferees on the part of the Senate.
admiral and V1CH admiral.
Mr. NYE. I desire to make a report from
the committee of conference on the bill (BE.
R. No. 2509) to abolish the offices of Admiral
and Vice Admiral in the Navy. We have to
report that we are entirely unable to agree;
and 1 move that the Senate adhere to its amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada, from the second committee of
conference on the bill abolishing the offices
of Admiral and Vice Admiral, reports that
they are unfible to agree, and moves that the
Senate adhere to its amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the hill (H. B.
No. 3064) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes,
the pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Chandler to the amendment of Mr.
Buckingham.
Mr. FOWLER. I move to amend the *
amendment. . . . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ham-
lin.) There is an amendment to an amend-
ment pending, and a further amendment at
this stage of the proceedings is not in order.
The question is on agreeing to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Chandler] to the amendment of the Senator
from Connecticut, [Sir. Buckingham.]
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mi. FOWLER. I move to amend the
amendment by adding a provision appropri-
ating $100,000 to prosecute the work on the
Nashville custom house. I will state that this
appropriation was made in 1857, and the land
was purchased on which the building was to
be erected, and it now belongs to the United
States ; but according to the act passed at the
last session the appropriation was covered into
the Treasury, and the work cannot go on.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the same amend-
ment which I offered. I hope it will be put on.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Iwillinquire whether
it has been recommended by any head of De-
partment or by any committee of this body;
if there is anything more than the request of
an individual? ..
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is not advised as to the iact; the Senator from
Tennessee can probably state how it is.
Mr. FOWLER. Thesubject hasbeenbefore
the Department for a considerable length of
time. There was a difficulty in reference to
the former lot owned by the Government at
Nashville, and last year it was exchanged for
a different one of the proper size, but owing
