1980
fHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 3,
to the act of last session the amount appro-
priated in 1857 was covered into the Treasury,
and the Secretary of the Treasury was not able
to proceed with the work as he was anxious
to do.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Senator will
allow me to ask him a question. Has this
appropriation been recommended by any com-
mittee at this session ?
Mr; FOWLER. It has not been; but I
referred it to the Committee on Appropria-
tions several days ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment of the
Senator from Tennessee to the amendment of
the Senator from Connecticut.
'Die amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I offer the following
amendment to the amendment:
For the erection of a building for the Bureau of
Engraving and Printing of tho Treasury Depart-
ment, to be located near said Department buildings,
and built upon plans which shall insure its comple-
tion for llie&ura hereby appropriated, $190,000,
Mr. POME ROY. When I offered that
amendment there was a misapprehension in
the Senate; they did not know what it was.
Several Senators have spoken to me about it
and said if it was again offered they would
vote for it. It is now offered with the sum
slightly altered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That makes
it in order.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Would it no.t be
better that it should be a separate amend-
ment?
Mr. CAMERON. We have added others.
Why not put this on ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that this appropriates a smaller
amount, than the former amendment on the
same subject which was rejected. It is there-
fore in order. The question is on the amend-
ment to the amendment,.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I move to amend the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Connecticut
by adding an appropriation of $100,000 for a
court-house, custom-house, and post office at
the city of Little ltock. This has been rec-
ommended by the Secretary of the Treasury
as one of the first appropriations that ought to
be made. We have no buildings in the State
of Arkansas of that kind, or of any other kind
"built by the United States.'
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Can this amendment
be amended ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order to move an amendment to the amend-
mentof the Senator from Arkansas. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas to the amendment of the Senator
from Connecticut.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now desire, in accord-
ance with a recommendation of the Secretary
of the Treasury, to add another amendment
appropriating $100,000 for the erection of a
post office and court-house at Grand Rapids,
Michigan. I have the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Treasury before me.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I offer the following
amendment, which has been referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, as an amend-
ment to the pending amendment:
For the purchase of a site and the erection of an
assay office at Helena, Montana Territory, $75,000.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It seems to me these
cities ought to give the sites of the proposed
buildings. The city of Hartford proposes to
give a site equal to the value of the building.
1 do not see why it should be an exception,
why other cities should not give lots equal in
value to the buildings they ask.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No doubt a site will be
donated for this assay office by Helena : but it
is necessary, in case the site should be pur-
chased, that money should be appropriated
for that purpose. I have in my hand a letter
sent by the Secretary of the Treasury to the
House of Representatives on this subject in
which this appropriation is recommended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Has the
amendment been referred to the Committee on
Appropriations ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It has been.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 think there is a great
deal in what the Senator from Connecticut
says about this site. He thinks the people of
Helena, in Montana, ought to give a site for
this building. Well, sir, there is any quantity
of public land there, out of which they might
give one without the least difficulty ; and I
suggest to my friend from Oregon that he
accept a modification of his amendment pro-
viding that the people of Helena shall give a
site out of the nearest section of public land
belonging to the United States. [Laughter.]
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WARNER. I move to amend the
amendment by adding:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause to be con-
structed a suitable building, fire-proof, at Mont-
gomery, Alabama, for the accommodation of the
custom-house, post office, United States circuit and
district courts, land and internal revenue offices, and
for this purpose there is hereby appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, $100,000, to bo expended under the direction
of tho Secretary of the Treasury, who shall cause
proper plans and estimates to be made, so that no
expenditure shall be made or authorized for the full
completion of said building beyond the amount
herein appropriated: Provided, That no money
hereby appropriated shall beused or applied for the
purpuses mentioned until a valid title to the land for
tho site of such building shall be vested in the Uni-
ted States, and until the State shall also duly release
and relinquish to the United States the right to tax
or in any way assess said site, or the property of the
United States that may be thereon during the time
that the United States shall be or remain the owner
thereof.
This provision has once passed the Senate
in a separate bill, reported by the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
based upon an estimate of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. NYE. I move to amend by making it
a condition that the city shall give the land.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
amendable, being an amendment to an amend-
ment. The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Alabama to the amendment
of the Senator from Connecticut.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ. I offerthe following amend-
ment to the amendment:
To purchase a lot in the city of St. Louis, on
which to erect a public building for the use of the
custom-house, post office, and other Government
offices, $100,000: Provided, That.saidlotshallbopur-
chased by the Secretary of the Treasury within nine
months from and after the approval of this act; and
the sum of 8300,000is hereby appropriated, outof any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
for the construction of said building: And provided
further. That the total cost of said lot and building
shall not exceed ยง1,000,000, and any expenditure on
any plan involving greater expense shall be deemed
unlawful.
I will say that $300,000 were appropriated
at the last session of Congress, but there was
attached to the bill at that time a condition that
a lot should be donated by the city of St.
Louis. The donation was made by the city
council, but it was doubtful whether the city
council had the right to make that donation,
and a lawsuit it was supposed would grow out
of it; and inasmuch as the United States do
not accept anything but a valid title, the bill
was vetoed by the mayor. This is virtually a
reenactment of an appropriation already made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to make a
suggestion to my friend from Missouri. I think
he is altogether too modest. This building is
to cost $1,000,000. The Treasury is perfectly
overflowing with money; and I suggest to him
that he modify his amendment so as to provide
for having the whole million now and be done
with it, because when it conies around two
years hence we certainly shall not have any
money, and he had better take it now. I make
that suggestion in all kindness.
Mr. SCHURZ. I would certainly do so in
obedience to my duty to my constituents if the
money were immediately wanted; but it not
being all immediately wanted, I am glad to be
able to ask now for only so much as is stated
in the amendment. But let me bring to the
notice of my friend from Vermont once more
the fact that the appropriation was made at
the last session, and this is only to guard
against its being covered into the Treasury.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri to the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise now, being a very
modest man, to ask that an appropriation of
$50,000 be made for a post office in the city
of Harrisburg on condition that the people
of Harrisburg shall purchase and present to
the Government a lot suitable for the build-
ing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inquire of the Senatorfrom Pennsylvania
if this amendment of his has been submitted
to the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. CAMERON. Unfortunately it has not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to submit an amend-
ment for the erection of a pier-light on Lake
Ontario, in accordance with the recommenda-
tion of the Department which I hold in my
hand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Has it been
submitted to the committee?
Mr. FENTON. It has been submitted to
the Committee on Appropriations, and meets
their approval. I move to add "for the erec-
tion of pier light-house anddwelling for keeper
at Fairhaven, New York, $10,000."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York to the amendment of the Senator
from Connecticut.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
For the extension of the post office and court-
house building in Indianapol is, Xntli ana, upon plans
which will insure the completion of the work for the
sum hereby appropriated, 880,000.
That was referred to the committee. It has
been recommended earnestly by the Secretary
of the Treasury and by the supervising archi-
tect and by the actual architect on the ground.
I have the letters here.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I offer the following
amendment, to be inserted among the miscel-
laneous items for contingencies of the War
Department:
For military and geographical surveys and explor-
ations west of the Kooky mountains, and east of the
Sierra Nevada mountains, and between the Central
Pacific railroad and the thirty-second parallel of
latitude, to be conducted under the direction of a
competent engineer officer or officers, $50,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Has the
amendment been submitted to the Committee
on Appropriations?
Mr. STEWART. I -wish to explain it.
