1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
and the existence created by the Government
to take and hold it. Therefore Ohio had no
fee to grant, had no interests as owner in the
soil to grant to this corporation. What had
Ohio? A consent, in the language of the Con-
stitution, to withhold, because the Constitu-
tion says that "the consent of the Legislature
of the State in which the same (speaking of
lands acquired by the United States) shal
be," is an essential ingredient. Therefore
Ohio could give that consent. She could, or
thought she could, give something more, to
wit, "jurisdiction of the lands and appurte-
nances which may be acquired by donation
or purchase by the managers of the National
Asylum for Disabled Volunteers within the
State of Ohio." And therefore she did, as
she supposed, grant that jurisdiction.
Now, as part of this, she said: "Giving
this, nevertheless we withhold the right to
servo process, and withhold the right to say,
and we now do say, that the tenants of these
premises shall have therightto vote in Ohio."
The supreme court of Ohio has said "You
cannot have your cake, and eat it, too ; you
cannot give this jurisdiction, and at the same
withhold it." In other words, the court has
said "this reservation is repugnant to the
grant, and is overridden by the grant," if I
understand the decision. I have not read it,
but I take it as discussed here. Now, when
the honorable Senator who espouses this bill
as the amendment now is 
Mr. SHERMAN. It stands now just as it
came from the House of Representatives.
Mr. CONKLING. This being the predica-
ment, the United States, as I say, but to state
it more literally, its creature, brought into ex-
istence for the purpose, holding the title, and
Ohio having granted the jurisdiction, and the
court having said that that grant carries all
that it means, Sespits its reservation, and that,
therefore, those domiciled in this institution
cannot vote in Ohio, the Senator who brings
forward the bill proposes to cure that. How ?
As the House provided, the jurisdiction over
the place was to be given back. The amend-
ment is that the title is to be given back.
Now, let us see for one moment the effect
of both alternatives. In the first place, taking
the bill as the House passed it, and as it stands
now, the jurisdiction over the place is to be
given back. That would seem to bo very plain,
if you can effectuate it so far, but the proviso
of the bill is "that nothing contained in this
act shall be construed to impair the powers
and rights heretofore conferred upon the board
of managers of the National Asylum for Dis-
abled Volunteer Soldiers, incorporated under
said act, in and over said territory." Among
those powers and rights is the execution there
of the Rules and Articles of War and all the
other provisions of Federal and military police,
by dint of the right to enforce which the supreme
court of Ohio say the place is occupied to the
exclusion of that jurisdiction, to which alone
the residents there can look for a right to vote
in Ohio. Therefore, as I understand these
two provisions taken together, the latter would
neutralize the former, and standing later in
the bill than the first provision it would in one
sense have an effect even a little greater than
that. Now, suppose you take the bill the other
way 
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator from
New York, as I do not wish to reply to him,
allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. All the authority reserved
by the last clause of the bill to the managers
was granted by an act of Congress tfro years
prior in dfete to the date of the act he is now
commenting upon of thf Legislature of Ohio.
The only object of that saving clause at the
close of the bill was to prevent the conclusion
•hat, the first part of the bill was intended to
repeal or affect the power of the managers con-
ferred by the act of Congress two years pre-
ceding. _ The first clause of the bill was intended
to practically repeal the first section of the act
of the Legislature of Ohio of May, 1867, while
the last clause of the bill reserves to the man-
agers the power conferred by the act of Con-
gress of 1865. That is my explanation of it.
1 did not draw the bill. If I had drawn the
bill myself I would have simply repealed by
name any jurisdiction conferred by the first
section of the act, describing it, of the Legis-
lature of Ohio. I think that probably would
have been better. The language of the bill
as it is comes to us from the other House, and
it means the same in effect. It repeals the first
section of the act of the Legislature of Ohio, so
far as we can, reserving, however, the power
conferred on the board of managers by the pre-
ceding act of Congress. That is the construc-
tion I have given to it. If I am in error, I shall
be happy to be corrected.
Mr. CONKLING. I need not again assure
the Senator from Ohio that I am disposed and
ready to vote for any mode which will be
effectual in reaching this end ; and I am mak-
ing the suggestions that I make only for the
purpose of contributing, if I may, to arrive at
the best result.
Now, let me state the trouble which at that
point I find. The United States, to state it
briefly, has purchased, with the consent of
Ohio, certain real estate, which it is using for
military purposes; I lay out of the statement
there the fact that there is an intervening cor-
poration which holds the title. The State of
Ohio has agreed to that, in the language of the
Constitution, and has gone further, and granted
jurisdiction—if that is going further—to the
United States, or to this corporate representa-
tive of the United States. If, therefore, you say
thM jurisdiction is to be given up and given
back to the State of Ohio, the question that
naturally suggests itself is whether you do not
give up so much that the gift becomes destruc-
tive of the purpose of the existence which you
want to preserve ?
In view of that fear, at the conclusion of the
bill is a proviso which, as I understand, is an
antidote and a counteraction of the whole thing.
I cannot see how, when you say, to begin with,
that jurisdiction over the place is surrendered,
and then when you follow that with a proviso
that nothing contained in this act shall be con-
strued to impair the powers or rights 
Mr. SHERMAN. On the part of the man-
agers.
Mr. CONKLING. On the partof the man-
agers, my honorable friend from Ohio suggests.
Precisely so. But it is through the managers,
it is through this corporation, as the right hand
of the Government, alone, that this jurisdiction
is exercised. They are the representatives, the
shadow of the Government in that respect.
And when you say that you give back the j uris-
diction to Ohio, but at the same time that that
gift shall not impair any of the rights or pow-
ers which now reside in this corporation as the
representative and embodiment of the Govern-
ment in that respect, I repeat again that to my
mind you undo in the concluding clause of the
bill the thing that you do in its opening pro-
vision.
On the other hand, if you give up the title to
the land to the State of Ohio, what have you
remaining? Suppose the State of Ohio con-
cludes at any time to sell it for farming pur-
poses; suppose a Democratic Legislature say,
"We think this is a blot and an excrescence
on the State of Ohio; we do not think it is
necessary, and we propose to sell it." What
is to be the answer to that? Why, although
the United States may not have the legal title,
if you please—some Senator said the United
States had the legal title also; I will admit
that he is wrong in that—the equitable title,
the real ownership unquestionably- is in the
United States, the land having been purchased
with the moneys of the United States. Now
you give it to Ohio, and where is the restraint
upon Ohio?
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thurman] says that he was the author origin-
ally of the proposition in Ohio to have soldiers
vote.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to correct the
Senator. I do not wish to claim a merit that
does not belong to me. I said that I drew the
first resolution which ever passed a popular
convention in Ohio in favor of that; but a
bill had been introduced at the previous ses-
sion of the Legislature by a Democrat, con-
ferring on the soldiers the right to vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. In Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know whether
it was limited to soldiers in Ohio or not; but
it was to confer on soldiers the right to
vote. That was voted down, and this resolu-
tion which I introduced was subsequent to
that. I do not want to claim a merit that
does not belong to rae.
Mr. CONKLING. I think that resolution
must have carried in a Democratic assembly in
consequence of its authorship. It must have
been personal homage to my distinguished
friend which gained for it the acquiescence of
that body. We could never find in New York
any man who could draw a resolution or a dec-
laration in favor of the soldiers voting when
they were in the field who would commend it to
any Democratic assembly that it could be sub-
mitted to. We carried a soldiers' voting law
in New York against the whole body of Dem-
ocrats in the Legislature; we carried it over
the veto of a Democratic Governor; and if
there was any State in this Union in which
there was one Democrat in favor of allowing
the soldiers m the field to vote I am very glad
to know it; and there is no Democrat of whom
I would rather know a thing so creditable than
the distinguished Senator from Ohio. But it
is possible that he may not always be pres-
ent in Ohio to draw these resolutions, and it is
possible that the Democrats of that State may
not always follow his lead as they did on this
occasion ; and if we give back the title to this
land to Ohio, I think we are bound to contem-
plate the possibility that some political party
or somebody else may propose to cast lots for
this land and sell it for farming purposes, or
to do something with it which is in contraven-
tion of the plans under which it is held now.
Therefore I see a grave objection, as the
Senate seems to have seen, to giving the title
to this land to Ohio. If you give back the
jurisdiction to Ohio, I think I understand the
effect of that; but I do not understand how
you accomplish that purpose by the bill as it
stands now, in which you give and take away;
in which you say that you give up the jurisdic-
tion, but that that gift shall not impair any of
the powers or rights as they exist now.
I do not mean to say that I will not vote for
this bill if, in the judgment of the Senator who
brings it forward, it is the best thing we can
get, for I repeat that I shall be very glad to
vote for anything which will accomplish his
purpose ; but I hope that we shall not go from
bad to worse as to the predicament in which
we put this matter.
Mr. THURMAN. I am very unwilling to
prolong this discussion, of which the Senate
has had so much ; but I wish to say a word or
two in reply to the remarks made by the senior
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] and I
crave his attention to what I shall say; it will
be very brief.
The Senator places his advocacy of the bill
upon the ground that this land is not owned
by the United States. I shall not repeat the
arguments to show that it is owned by the
U nited States for all substantial purposes,
whicli have been so well and tersely stated by
the Senator who has just taken bis seat, [Mr.
Coxklins ;] but I come to the proposition of
