1870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
burg turnpike road, and which is described in
the act of Congress approved April 20, 1810,
incorporating the president, directors, and
company of the Columbia turnpike road, on a
liue 011 the most direct and practicable route
from the capital to Biadetisburg; aud for the
purpose aforesaid the said municipal author-
ities shall have power to take any real estate
or franchise of the said president, directors,
and company of the Columbia turnpike, neces-
sary for the construction and maintenance of
said free public highway, and no more.
The second section provides that the afore-
said municipal authorities shall, within sixty
days from and after the passage of this act
locate, construct, and maintain a free public
highway on and over the turnpike road in the
District of Columbia leading from the bound-
ary of the city of Washington, and beginning
at or near the end of Seventh street, of said
city, and extending to the boundary of the
District or Columbia toward Brookville, in
the State of Maryland, authorized by an act
of Congress, approved February 15, 1819,
entitled "'An act to authorize the president
and managers of the Rockville and Washing-
ton Turnpike Company of the State of Mary-
land to extend and make their turnpike road
to or from the boundary of the city of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia through
the said District to the line thereofand for
the purpose aforesaid the said proper munici-
pal authorities shall have power to take any
real estate or franchise belonging to the said
turnpike company which may be necessary for
the construction and maintenance of said free
public highway, and no more.
The third section provides that just compen-
sation shall be made to the aforesaid com-
panies for the real estate and franchises so
taken, which compensation shall be ascer-
tained in the following manner, to wit: imme-
diately after the said proper municipal author-
ities shall have taken any of such real estate
and franchises, the marshal of the District of
Columbia shall in each case summon a jury
of twelve men, who shall, under oath, and
after due notice given to the companies inter-
ested, and also to the said municipal author-
ities, proceed, under the direction of one of
the justices of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to assess the damages due
to each of said companies, which damages
shall be paid by the said District of Columbia,
who are hereby authorized to levy a sufficient
tax for that purpose, in the proportion of one
tenth by the county and nine tenths by the
city of Washington.
The fourth section provides that in fixing
the measure of damages and in fixing the
present valuation of the franchise of each of
said turnpike companies, the jury shall take
into consideration the question whether such
franchise has been forfeited by said com-
pany.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read a third time, and passed.
Mr. STONE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
system of national education.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent
of the House that there be a session to-night,
commencing at half past seven o'clock, for
debate onlj, as in Committee of the Whole,
upon House bill No. 1328, to establish a sys-
tem of national education.
Mr. McNEELY. I desire that we shall have
an understanding, if possible, of the time
when we shall have a vote on this bill. I
would propose that the vote on the bill be taken
to-morrow morning, immediately after the
reading of tho Journal.
Mr. MAYNARD. We cannot make any
such arrangement now.
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent.
Mr. McNEELY. I will not press my propo-
sition.
No objection being made, the proposition
of Mr. Dawes was agreed to.
river and harbor bill.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to report back the
bill (H. 11. No. 303G) making appropriations
for the repair, preservation, and completion
of certain public works on rivers and harbors,
and for other purposes, and to recommend
its passage, with certain amendments. These
amendments are only such as were uninten-
tionally omitted by the Committee on Com-
merce, and they have the assent of that com-
mittee. I move that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and be made a special order for next
Monday immediately after the morning hour,
and from day to day until disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the most convenient method would be to regard
the amendments as a part of the original text,
to be acted on by the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAWES. That is the intention of the
committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. These amendments, as I
understand, have not been before the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. SAWYER. They have the assent of
that committee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Ireservetherighttomake
all appropriate points of order upon this bill.
The motion of Mr. Dawes was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
survey and sale op public lands.
Mr. STONE. I rise for the purpose of
reporting back a bill from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, but yield for a mo-
ment to the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Sargent.]
Mr. SARGENT. I ask that the House take
up and concur in the Senate amendments to
the bill (H. R. No. 2173) to amend an act
entitled "An act to reduce the expenses of
the survey and sale of the public lands of the
United States,1' approved May 30, 1862.
Mr. FOX. I call for the reading of the bill.
Mr. SARGENT. As the reading of the bill
is called for, and as it is of some length, I will
not impose upon the generosity of the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Stone] by pressing
my proposition.
grade of maryland avenue.
Mr. STONE, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back with an
amendment in the form of a substitute the bill
(tl. Li. No. 2959) to regulate the grade of
Maryland avenue from the end of the Long
Bridge to Twelfth street.
The substitute reported by the committee
was read. It proposes to authorize the Bal-
timore and Potomac Railroad Company to
change, at the expense of the company, the
grade of Maryland avenue so as to establish a
descending grade of l/jfs feet per hundred feet
from the center of Twelfth street south to the
center of Thirteen-and a-half street south; and
a descending grade of l/0\- feet per hundred
feet from the center of Thirteen-and-a-half
street south to the top of the abutment of the
Long Bridge over the Potomac river, as newly
constructed; the present grade at the center
of Twelfth street south to be reduced two feet,
and the level of the top of the new abutment
of the Long Bridge not to be more than nine
feet above the height of the old abutment. If
any actual damage is sustained by the owners
of any property on Maryland avenue or the
streets connecting therewith by reason of the
change of grade, the railroad company is to
pay such damages, which may be recovered in
any court of competent jurisdiction in the
District of Columbia. The change of grade
is to be made under the supervision of tho
proper municipal authorities of the city of
Washington or of the District of Columbia, and
in a manner to be approved by those author-
ities.
The substitute reported by the committee
was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed. .
Mr. STONE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave to print. •
Mr. LAWRENCE obtained leave to have
printed in the Globe remarks, with accompany-
ing documents, relative to the bill (H. R. No.
286) in relation to trust funds. [See Appendix.]
stenographer to supreme court.
Mr. STONE, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, with an
amendment in the form of a substitute, the
bill (S. No. 481) to provide for the appoint-
ment of a stenographer to the supreme court
of the District of Columbia.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I move that the House
now take a recess.
Mr. MUNGEN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion. I wish to report two
or three short resolutions from the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. Sl'OUGHTON. I withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. MUNGEN. The Committee on Print-
ing have directed me 
Mr. STONE. I must demand the regular
order. I wish action on the bill which I have
reported.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
now take a recess.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and forty-fivo minutes p. ra.)
the House took a recess till half past seven
o'clock p. ra.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., Mr. Stevenson in the chair as
Speaker pro tempore.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
meets this evening as in Committee of the
Whole on House bill No. 1326, to establish a
system of national education, for debate only,
no bnsines whatever to be transacted. Speeches
are limited to half an hour each.
national education.
Mr. KERR. Mr. SDeaker, this bill is a
startling proposition. Since my service here,
I have been subjected to many surprises of
this kind. I have many times thought tho
outermost boundary of reckless and Utopian
schemes of legislation had been reached.
During the last ten years I have studied with
deep and often painful interest the progress
of our great revolution. Beginning as u con-
flict of ideas and of arms, many gross and
dangerous excesses were justified or tolerated
on the ground of assumed military necessity.
On the overthrow of the South, and the restor-
ation of ostensible peace, the revolution was
continued in this Capitol by the leaders of the
Republican party. It still goes on. Its power
may be waning, but its vicious spirit, is not
reformed nor its wicked purposes abandoned.
It has not learned to submit to the just re-
straint of law or to respect the Constitution.
With insatiate love of power, it stops at no
usurpation if it only promise partisan success.
Although "the savtige spirit of wild war''
has ceased to control the people, and it is no
longer necessary, if ever it were, '• to heal the
inveterate canker of one wound by maTsing
