1871.
THfc CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
545
to take the title to the land upon which the
college is to be situatted. Therefore the argu-
ment that the United States is the equitable
owner of the land falls to the gfound; It is
no more the equitable owiier than would be
the Stdte of Ohio where it incorporates certain
trustees and gives them a dry title, to use the
language of the Sehator, in which they have
uo personal interest whatever, but simply for
the. execution of a trust. Therefore these
managers are the legal holders of the title, and
the equitable title is not in the United States;
but, if it were, it would make no difference,
because if the title was taken to the United
States directly it has the right to take it with-
out taking the jurisdiction along with it.
Now, sir, if the exclusive jurisdiction be-
longs to the Government of the United States,
a larceny committed upon the grounds of this
asylum cannot be punished by the laws of
Ohio ; a murder committed there cannot be
punished; no offense committed upon these
grounds can be punished under the laws of
Ohio. That was not contemplated. There is
no reason for it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to ask the
Senator if that is not the condition of things in
all our post offices? Is it not so in the post
offices in Chicago, in Milwaukee, and where
ever the Government has exclusive jurisdic-
tion? If a man commits a murder in either
of those post offices, Can he be punished in the
State courts?
Mr. MORTON. Without attempting to say
how far the Senator is correct, I undertake to
say that the reason which might exist for it
in that case wholly fails and was not contem-
plated ill this case.
Mr. TIIURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt hitn for a moment?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. TIIURMAN. Does not the Senator
see that if his argument is correct there is no
foundation for this bill? Doeshe not see that
if the United States, as he argues, has neither
property nor exclusive jurisdiction, then there
is nothing for this bill to operate upon?
Mr. MORTON. I confess thatl do not see
it as the Senator points it out; and I think
I can give a good reason why it cannot be
seen. This bill is intended to correct the
effect of a misapprehension on the pait of
the State of Ohio; and as the supreme court
ot the State of Ohio seem to be under the im-
pression that the jurisdiction had been ceded
to the Government of the United States, this
bill proposes to recede that jurisdiction, or in
substance to declare that the United States
had never acquiied it. That is the effect
of it, is it not? And so far it is legitimate.
Taking this bill in connection with the act
of the State of 'Ohio which provides that the
State shall maintain jurisdiction over this
ground in regard to certain things, it is sim-
ply a declaration on the part of the United
States that it does not hold and will not exer-
cise exclusive jurisdiction, and puts this prop-
erty in its proper light.
Let me illustrate this, and I think I can
satisfy the Senator himself of the true position
that is occupied by this property with regard
to the United States and with regard to the
State of Ohio. Dear in mind that all the
reasonsrfor exclusive jurisdiction as applied to
property acquired for Government use under
the provisions of the Constitution fail in this
case. We have chartered a National Insurance
Company, with authority to establish branches
in all the States, and we have authorized that
insurance company to acquire property in each
one of the States for the purpose of carrying
on its business. It cannot acquire that prop-
eity against the will of the State ; but with the
consent of the State it may. The State of
Ohio hasgiven its consent, so far as this at>ylum
is concerned, that the Government may acquire
the property, or rather may authorize the
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 35.
corporation to acquire it. Now this insurance
company has acquired property in the State
of Ohio to carry on its business.
It has bdught ground and has built an office,
and is authorized to carry tm the insurance
business, in accordance with the law of its
creation, as enacted by Congress; and so this
asylum, established upon this ground, is au-
thorized to take care of disabled soldiers,
according to the rules prescribed by the law
creating the corporation, so that they be not
in violation of the law of the State of Ohio.
The State of Ohio has given its Consent to all
the rules provided for the government of the
asylum, but specially exempting certain things
in regard to the elections and other matters
that, I think, were wholly unnecessary, and
may be properly treated as void. Congress
authorized the insurance company to carry on
business in Ohio, with the consent of the State
of Ohio, according to the rules prescribed by
the law passed here. And so the effect of this
is, that this asylum may be established in the
State of Ohio; this corporation may hold
property for that purpose; and the asylum
may be governed by the rules prescribed by
the act of Congress. That is the whole of it.
Why put it upon the ground of exclusive juris-
diction, such as we have over this District, or
as we have over a fort? There is no reason
for it any more than there would be in the
creation of the National Insurance Company.
Now, taking together this bill, and the first
act of Congress, and the act of the State of
Ohio, they amount simply to this, in substance:
that Congress has created a corporation to take
charge of disabled soldiers, has authorized that
corporation to acquire property; and the Gov-
ernment has paid for that property, and Ohio
has authorized the establishment of that asy-
lum, to be governed by the rules and regula-
tions prescribed by the act of Congress, not
conflicting with the exceptions made in that,
act; and that is the whole of it. It seems to
me to be a very simple matter, and there is 110
necessity for complicating it with these tech-
nical questions of exclusive jurisdiction.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to add one or two
words to this debate, because a misconception
I was under when I was on the floor before
has been corrected since. I understood the
Senator from Ohio to say just now—and upon
inquiry I find he was correct—that the Senate
has disagreed to the amendment reported by
the committee ; so that if the bill passes as it
now stands it will be a bill to recede jurisdic-
tion. I am not prepared to say what power
we may have over jurisdiction which has once
been obtained by express cession—whether we
can by a direct grant make away with any juris-
diction once fairly conferred upon us. But if
this exclusive power of legislation belongs to
the United States it has come through our
acquisition of title to some land in the State
of Ohio, with the consent of that State. The
evidence of that I find not upon consulting any
of the acts which have been read here, but I
find it recited in an adjudication of the supreme
court of the State of Ohio. The supreme court
of the State of Ohio comes in here, then, and
says that the United States Government has
acquired the title to land in the State of Ohio
for a purpose mentioned in the Constitution
of the United States ; that Ohio has given its
consent to that acquisition of title, aud that,
therefore, that territory is excluded from the
jurisdiction of the State of Ohio, and exclusive
legislative power is vested in the Congress of
the United States over it.
Mr. MOR L'ON. Will the Senator allow me
one word right there ?
Mr. IIOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. There was one thing I in-
tended to say in speaking about this exclusive
jurisdiction. The Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Bayabd] made a remark that there could not
be a mixed jurisdiction over a fort or over any
public place ceded, within the meaning of the
Constitution; and that seemed to be accepted.
I deny that proposition. Is there any reason
for it? Is there not a mixed jurisdiction in
every State in this Union?
Mr. CARPENTER. A mixed jurisdiction
of legislation?
Mr. MORTONi I will not stand about the
words; I am speaking of the substance. There
is a mixed jurisdiction in every State. The
Government of the United States has jurisdic-
tion in certaiu respects, and the government of
the State in certain other respects; and so it is
mixed. In the cession of a piece of ground
for an arsenal, as the greater always includes
the less, and the Constitution provides that the
Government of the United States may acquire
exclusive jurisdiction, may it not acquire less
than exclusive iurisdiction?
Mr. CARPENTER. No, sir.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator says not; but
I say yes.
Mr. CARPENTER. WilitheSenatorallow
me to correct him on that point ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Constitution does
not say that the General Government may
acquire exclusivejurisdiction over theseplaces,
but it says that when it has acquired this prop-
erty for a specific purpose, with the consent of
a State, Congress shall have exclusive jurisdic-
tion.
Mr. MORTON. The language is that "the
Congress shall have po wer to exercise exclusive
legislation in all cases whatsoever ovei such
District," and then to exercise like authority
over all places purchased by the consent of
the State for forts, arsenals, &c. The greater
includes the less. The Government may acquire
exclusive jurisdiction; but is it bound to take
all or none? I say no ; and I think there can
be no authority found for such an assertion.
Let me put this case : if in ceding land for an
arsenal in the State of Indiana the Government
should apply for the jurisdiction, reserving to
the State the right to punish ordinary offenses,
larcenies, assaults and batteries, and the like,
and the State should cede the jurisdiction with
that exception, here would be an agreement
between the State and the General Govern-
ment carrying a jurisdiction less than exclusive
jurisdiction, is it not competent for them to
make that arrangement?
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me answer that
by asking this question : could Congress to-day
grant to either one of the States from which this
District was taken jurisdiction to punish mur-
der and larceny in the District of Columbia?
Mr. MORTON. I will not take the District
of Columbia for an illustration, because the
question might be a little more difficult here
than it would be in the case of an arsenal in a
State.
Mr. CARPENTER. Now, if my friend will
allow me one word more I promise not to inter-
rupt. him again. When he follows that clause
through, after defining what shall be the exclu-
sive power of legislation over the District of
Columbia, he will find the language to be that
it shall have "like authority" over these other
places; that is, the same authority as in the
case of the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORTON. It does not say it shall
have; but the language is, "and to exercise
like authority;" that is, it may acquire com-
plete jurisdiction ; but may it not acquire less ?
Now, I undertake to say that the rule and
the legislation heretofore by which the Gov-
ernment has had exclusive jurisdiction over
arsenals in the States has been without good
reason. 11 has always been a difficulty. There
is not any sense in it. It would have been a
matter of more convenience from the begin-
ning, both to the Federal Government and the
States, if the ordinary jurisdiction to punish
crimes aud enforce ordinary contracts had been
reserved over arsenal grounds and in forts.
