1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1371
many yet the policy of revolution
still
pressed forward by the leaders of the present
Administration. 'J hey proceed from one aggres-
sion to another as if uiterly insensible to the
truth that, Congress is not omnipotent. The
present aim, ideal, and shibboleth of the party
is the speediest possible centralization of power.
State lights to them are hateful. These sug-
gest the sacred principle of local self-govern-
ment. and are therefore despised-, denounced,
and denied by them. They would by their
centralizing legislation exorcise the very spirit
of individuality, of manly devotion to personal
and civil liberty, as fostered by State and
local governments, and doom to decay the
very capacity for self-government by denying
it needful exercise. They would organize
supreme power in this Capitol, and shape the
civilization of the country to promote their
purposes. To that end they are not content
alone to invade the sacred functions of State
hood, but they seek by this bill to enter the
domestic circle and to control the opening
minds of infancy and youth.
This bill makes no pretense of clear and
express warrant for its provisions in the Con-
stitution. It can only find color of authority in
the most shadowy, visionary, and transcend-
ental construction of that instrument. Any
interpretation which will give validity to its
enactment would equally justify a law for the
regulation of marriage in all the States, and
of all the domestic relations, and of all the
learned professions, and of all the institutions
of learning, whether general, special, or secta-
rian ; and indirectly of religion, 111 its faith,
doctrines, and modes of worship. It would
in like manner justify Congress in assuming
supreme and minute control and regulation
of the physical education and habits of the
people. Such a reckless and lawless rule of
construction of the Constitution merely asserts
Jor Congress a right to define its own powers,
make its will supreme, its discretion the only
test of its power.
It is trifling with legal principles and the
fundamental safeguards created by the people
to contend that this bill finds sanction in the
words of the Constitution which declare that
Congress may make all laws which shall be
necessary and proper for carrying into execu-
tion the granted powers. Those words neither
enlarge any power specifically granted nor
grant any new power to Congress. The powers
of Congress under the Constitution, upon
every just and established principle of eon-
stiuetion, would be precisely the same with
those words entirely omitted. Any other view
would make them a grant of undefined and
therefore most dangerous powers. If they do
not relate to the powers elsewhere granted,
but confer new powers, then the latter must
abide in uncertainty, or remain in nubibus,
until defined by Congress. Thus is erected a
Eower of definition in Congress capable of
oundless abuse and fatal to the very idea
of a Government of delegated and limited
powers. It is grossly illogical and unjust to
assume that the wise and sagacious framers of
that instrument intended to"implant in it such
a suicidal principle. It appears to me, with
due respect, that nothing could drive intelli-
gent minds to adopt such doctrines except the
exigencies created by revolutionary designs.
The claim of constitutional power made by
this bill is so monstrous, unnatural, and extraor-
dinary that it seems never to have occurred to
the cautious and jealous minds of the fathers,
or to any of the commentators upon or his-
torians of the Constitution, as possible to
arise, and therefore they are silent on the sub-
ject. They have left us no solemn admoni-
tions against it, except as they have warned us
to be vigilant always against the aggressions
of power, the fearful dangers and corruptions
which would result from centralization, the
loss of self government and civil liberty, which
would inevitably attend the dsnial and over-
throw of the just yig'uts of the States.
The indefensible character of this bill is
further evinced by the far-fetched and novel
claim of some of its defenders that it finds war-
rant in that injunction that "the United States
shall guaranty to every State in this Union a
republican form of government." The per-
verseness of this claim consists chiefly in the
fact that it utterly ignores the essential truth
that the "republican form of government"
to be guarantied or protected to the States,
respectively, must itself be the creation, the
home-made government, the free and voluntary
chojce, the untrammeled expression of the
intelligent will of the people of the several
States, acting within their respective limits,
without extraneous control, congressional in-
termeddling, or self righteous, puritanical, and
impertinent aid from any other source; that
the government to be guarantied must be sanc-
tified by the voluntary consent of the gov-
erned, and must, therefore, in each case be, as
we are taught by Hamilton and Madison, a
preexisting form of government. In other
words, the power and duty of Congress under
this provision may be discharged and ex-
hausted by protecting the autonomy of the
respective States. It is absurd and revolution-
ary to claim for Congress uhder it the right to
tear down and build up, to repeal and modify,
or to dictate forms and constitutions of gov-
ernment to the States or to prescribe to them
domestic policy and institutions. Yet this is
the wild theory of this bill. It is another form
of assertion that to Congress is committed the
definition of its own powers, a doctrine which
makes the power of Congress more unre-
strained and omnipotent than that of the Brit-
ish Parliament, and is fatal to self-government
and to free institutions in the States.
Still more fanciful and baseless is the assump-
tion that authority for this bill may be found
in the declaration in the preamble that the
Constitution is ordained "in order to form a
more perfect Union," &c. These claims all
evidence a singular confusion of ideas con-
cerning legal principles, the true boundaries
of power, the very objects for which con-
stitutions are made, and evince a restless,
reckless, and insatiate thirst for power, and
unwillingness to submit to restraint. A resort
to the preamble for grants of power at once
violates every principle of rational construc-
tion, and betrays the desperate character of
the argument in defense of this bill. An ap- |
peal to such generalities for authority concern- j
ing which the text of the Constitution i3 silent i
ought to excite suspicion and alarm. It is a j
legal maxim that geverdlibuslatei dolus"—
in general assertions some fallacy, wile, trick,
or other lies hid or concealed. This reliance
upon general expressions, this resort to the
preamble to supply the lack of warrant in the
clear and specific provisions of the text, is but
another form of covert avowal of the alarming
doctrine of the hour that Congress has a sov-
ereign right to define its own powers.
It is claimed by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Lawrence,] and others, that the power
of the United States to establish a system of
national education is evidenced by the fact
that Congress has, ever since the organization
of the Government, maintained the policy of
donating to the States, for the uses of educa-
tion, portions of the public domain. But that
policy was established in alleged pursuance
of an express provision in the Constitution
that—
"The Congress shall have power to dispose of and
make all needful rules and regulations respecting
the territory or other property belonging to the
United States."
These words are clear and specific, and can-
not without violence to their meaning be ex-
tended beyond the subject to which they refer.
They merely confer power to dispose of a
thing, inanimate property, without any grant
of jurisdiction over States or over any subject
of State cognizance, whether it be education,
local highways, or other matters.
No other doctrine was ever suggested nil til
the exigencies created by liepublican policy
made it necessary. The claim of authority
based upon this idea is as illogical and vision-
ary as the others to which I have referred. It
does not follow that because Congress, under
the Constitution orsettled practice of ihe Gov-
ernment, may give or donate land or money to
the States in aid of education, it may there-
fore assume and exercise jurisdiction, exclu-
sive or partial, over the subject of education
in the States, supersede State systems and
laws, transfer all judicial function's or business
arising therefrom into Federal courts, invade
State jurisdiction over local and municipal
affairs, and overthrow State governments.
Such a claim is simply monstrous and revolu-
tionary. No State, not itself reduced already
to abject slavery, would ever accept the ben-
eficence of the Federal Government in lands or
money on any such degradingand suicidal con-
ditions. This bill propose!" with the strong
hand of Federal power to compel the States,
or their citizens, to raise enormous revenue
and pay it into the Federal Treasury, to be dis-
posed of as the Federal Government pleases.
The public policy, the laws, the existence of
the States, is to be ignored.
Mr. Speaker, I think that without presump-
tion I may answer for nearly all the people
of Indiana that they want no such system,
need no such intermeddling in their domestic
affairs, have no faith in the ability of Congress
to administer such great interests, are not
willing to have their own excellent system of
popular education superseded or marred by
such a political plan, and they will much more
highly esteem Congress if it will keep within
its appropriate sphere, and leave them in the
quiet and peaceful enjoyment of their reserved
rights and powers. lndianapossessesa munifi-
cent educational fund of nearly eight million
five hundred thousand dollars, besides the
endowments and property of her university
and numerous colleges and other institutions
of learning. With our ten thousand school-
houses, twelve thousand teachers, our rev-
enues arising from the educational fund, from
State taxation, from taxation by cities and other
divisions, all under the intelligent and unself-
ish control of our own people, our system is
being rapidly improved, its expense to the peo-
ple is very inconsiderable, all the interests of
education are very effectively promoted, and
our people voluntarily assume as liberal bur-
dens for those purposes as they are reasonably
able to bear. They therefore need neither
congressional prompting, interference, nor
discipline, but ask only to be let alone, and
that Congress will attend to its own business.
Mr. Speaker, this remarkable bill proposes
"to establish a system of national education,"
to supersede all State systems of common
schools, to place all under the central power
here, to make knowledge to all the chil-
dren of the country the gift of the Federal
Government; and to give to all the agents,
instrumentalities, and modes of education the
character, color, and aims that shall please
the congressional oligarchy. This is no over-
statement of the purposes and theory of this
measure. If we have power to establish such
a system at all, we can make it exclusive ; we
can abolish and render criminal all other sys-
tems ; and we can make it embrace every kind
of education, whether mental, moral, or phys-
ical ; general, mechanical, or professional, re-
lating to agriculture, philosophy, or fine arts ;
political economy, .State-craft, or partisan
politics.
It would organize another powerful bureau,
with its vast army of officers, all under central
control. Let us estimate their number: there
would be, in the inception of the system, thirty-
seven State superintendents, at $3,000 each
per year, with great powers, to be appointed
by the President, with the advice and consent
of the Senate; two hundred and forty-three
or more division inspectors, being one or more
