1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. CORBETT. Illicit trade; yes.
Mr. FOWLER. What kind of trade can
possibly be illicit between citizens of different
portions of the United States with each other?
Mr. CORBETT. Whisky and arms.
Mr. FOWLER. What kind of a proposition
is this made here to prevent citizens of Cali-
fornia and Oregon and different portions of
the United States trading on our own territory
•Fr.th Indians or with any other persons ? So
far as the inducements to prevent illicit trade
are concerned, there is sufficient law already
provided for the collection of customs duties ;
and as this amendment proposes to place
embarrassment on our own citizens in carry-
ing on trade, I am utterly opposed to it. Cer-
tainly we ought to have free trade somewhere;
at any rate between citizens of different por-
tions ofthecountry, if at no other place. Now,
. if the citizens of one section of the country
are not to trade with those of another without
duties, without spies, without informers, with-
out confiscations, and without having their arti-
cles declared contraband, of what use is the
protection of this Government to commerce,
of what advantage is the internal commerce
of the country at all? I am utterly opposed
to that in piinciple from beginning to end.
Mr. EDMUNDS, i will take no time. I
am satisfied that this amendment of the Sen-
ator from Oregon is entirely right. The law
now prohibits the introduction of whisky and
ardent spirits and fire-arms into that Indian
country which we acquired from Russia. Peo-
ple are, in violation of law, undertaking to
carry on that trade ; and it happens that the
provision for the collection of penalties, giving
shares to those who take pains to protect the
laws where there is nobody to prosecute but
informers in the interest of peace and good
order—it happens by an accident that the law
does not extend the penalty principle that
applies in customs and internal revenue to that
territory. All that this amendment does is to
make the same rule for that territory as exists
for every other ; and it is perfectly right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. After line two hundred and sev-
enteen, on page 10, I propose the following
amendment:
To pay the United States marshal of Wyoming
Territory, the sum of S500 for superintending the
taking of the ceusus of that Territory in the year
1869, pursuant to the organic act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a private claim.
Mr. NYE. No, it is not a private claim.
It was done in pursuance of and under direc-
tion of law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
law.
Mr. NYE. I was about to show it to you
and to read it to you.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear it.
Mr. NYE. By the organic acts of all our
Territories the marshal of the Territory is
directed before districting the Territory for
representatives to take a census. It is so with
Montana, and so with every Territory that is
formed. The amount appropriated for this
purpose here was $3,000, as I understand;
$1,500 of it was paid, and paid to the deputies
of the marshal who took the census. 1 have
here the certificate of the Governor as to that
fact. The consequence was to leave the mar-
shal without anything for clerk-hire and super-
intendence.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Iknowsome-
thing about this, and I believe it is entirely
right. I do not think there will be any objec-
tion to it.
Mr. NYE. Nobody will object but your
colleague. It is perfectly correct.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make a point of order.
It may be right; but it is not perfectly right
if it is against order. I make the point that it
is a private claim. The carrying out of tlie
provisions of existing law would be to provide
for taking the ceusus, instead of paying the
men who had taken it. If that was so, every
claim might be held to be under existing law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair over-
rules the point of order. The Senator from
Nevada states, and it is the recollection of the
Chair, that the organic act requires a census
to be taken; and the thirtieth rule expressly
provides that private claims may be considered
on appropriation bills if they are to carry out
the provisions of an existing law. The Chair
does not see how this amendment could be
ruled out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to appeal
from the decision of the Chair; but I ask the
Chair if there is not a wide difference between
a provision of law which says a census shall
be taken and a provision of law which shall
provide an appropriation to pay for it? There
is the point that I make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This rule con-
templates that there may be claims arising for
appropriations to carry out the provisions of
an existing law. A census is to be taken ; it
must be paid for; and the Chair thinks the
payment is to carry out the provisions of the
law requiring the census. That is the opinion
of the Chair. The question is on agreeing to
the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I offer the following amendment,
with an accompanying letter, to come in as
an independent section: ' «
For extr&compensation to the deputy Comptroller
of the Currency for attending to the correspondence
of the Treasury Department with the United States
Mint, branch mints, and assay offices for three years.
$3,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order. I make the point of order that this is
a private claim. Although it is true that there
is an act of Congress which provides for there
being such an officer and for his doing duties,
still I respectfully submit to the Chair that this
amendment is clearly out of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order, as the law in regard
to Deputy Comptroller fixes the salary, and
anything beyond that does not carry out the
provisions of existing law. It is therefore not
in order, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. NYE. I am directed by the Committee
on Ventilation to propose an amendment, and
I hope my friend from Vermont will not want
to ventilate that. [Laughter.] It is to insert
this item:
For improving the heating and ventilating appa-
ratus of the Senate, under the direction of the
Sorgeant-at-Arms, $3,000.
Mr. COLE. I am not altogether certain, but
I rather think that was taken care of on the
deficiency bill.
Mr. CRAGTN. The Senator from California
is mistaken ; what he refers to was $1,000 for
expenses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend by striking out "Sergeant at-Arms"
and inserting "supervising architect of the
Capitol."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I gave notice to the Committee
on Appropriations that I would offer the fol-
lowing amendment, which I now present:
To enable the Secretary of War to pay to the persons
entitled thereto the a-mount ot expenses incurred by
the tetritori.il authorities of Montana in calling out
the volunteer forces to suppress Indian hostilities m
that Territory m the year 1867, as ascertained to be
due, as provided in section ten of an act entitled
"An act making appropriations for sundry civil
exoenses of the Government, and for other pur-
poses/' approved July 15,1870, the sum of $513,343.
The Committee ou Territories, as I stated
the other night, reported a bill authorizing the
Secretary of War. to ascertain what amount
was due_ these people and what realLy ought
to be paid. Perhaps some Senators may say
they have not as much confidence in that
committee as they have in the Committee on
Finance; but now I am going to bring an
authority that I think nobody will question.
The Committee on Claims of this body have
examined the same account and come to the
same conclusion in regard to the amount that
ought to be paid ; and I simply want to say to
the Senate that this ocenrred four years ago,
and the proposition is to pay about forty cents
where you took a dollar, without any interest.
It has driven these men to bankruptcy, and
one of them told me to-day that he had got a
sheriff's sale postponed for the purpose of try-
ing to get a little something to relieve him.
It is'a downright sin to keep those men out
of their money longer; and I hope that, after
the claim has been so thoroughly investigated,
these men will receive the little pittance which
they ought to have received long ago.
Mr. POMBROY. For several years citizens
of my own State who went to Montana (t know
a good deal about these claims from corre-
spondence with them) represent that they have
suffered immeasurably from not having had
their pay. They think forty cents on the dollar
is a very great reduction. I think they ought
to have it. General Hardie reported on this
subject and recommended it, and the Secre-
tary of War recommended it to Congress.
Mr. COLE. On a former occasion I moved
to lay this amendment on the table and I must
now repeat the motion. I think it is a matter
that ought to be more carefully considered
than it can be in these last hours of the session.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire how this
amendment is in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No point of order
has been made on it.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not understandhow
it is in order. I inquire how it comes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has the Senator
from New. York a point of order to make?
Mr. CONKLING. Did the Senator from
Nevada give notice of this amendment ?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir; from the Committee
on Territories.
Mr. PGMEROY. It was reported by one
of the standing committees and referred. All
the provisions of the rule have been complied
with.
Mr. CONKLING. I make the point that
the amendment, if it has been referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, has not been
reported by that committee.
Mr. NYE. It was the direction of the Com-
mittee on Territories that this should be re-
ported. If there is any mistake in the heading
of it I hope that will not be seized upon; for
I tell the honorable Senator from New York
it is a case of great cruelty.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not mean to, dis-
pute that; but I will say to the Senator frankly
that I understand it will be a subject of debate
and controversy, and I suppose it to be out of
order for two reasons, only one of which I
have called atten'ion to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada states that this amendment is reported
by direction of the Committee on Territories,
of which he is chairman.
Mr. CONKLING. Then it is a private
claim.
Mr. POMEROY. There was a law of Con-
gress authorizing this service to be performed.
By the appropriation bill of last year the Sec-
retary of War was authorized to detaii_ an
officer to examine and report on these claims,
and he did examine and report; and this is
the amount he found to be due under pro-
vision of the law passed on the I5th day of
last J uly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was prepared the other
night to enter into an elaborate debate of the
question of the Montana claims. I think I can
