-1984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
show that the whole thing is the merest moon-
shine ; but I know the Senate is not disposed
to go into a debate on the Montana claims
dow, an old controversy. I therefore move
to'lay the amendment on the table.
Mr. CGHKLING. LettheChair say whether
it is in order. I say it is a private claim, and
out of order, for another reason.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Amendments
can be proposed to general appropriation bills
under four categories often repeated by the
Chair, one of which is "moved by direction
of a standing or select committee of the Sen-
ate;" and this comes within that category :
"No amendment shall be received whose object is
to provide for a private claim, unlesa it be to carry
out the provisions of an existing law or a treaty
stipulation."
The Chair doubts whether this is a private
claim in the sense of a private claim under the
rule.
Mr. NYE. Will the Chair let me call atten-
tion to this? We passed a law on the 15tli of
July, 1870, directing the Secretary of War to
do this thing. It is in accordance with the
provisions of that law that this amount is
ascertained. That was passed on the 15th of
July, 1870.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
the statutes. The Chair will state to the Sen-
ator from Nevada that it could not be sus-
tained by that, because it does not carry out
the provisions of that existing law. The exist-
ing law does not require the money to be paid.
The Chair has the statute before him. It sim-
ply requires the Secretary of War to ascertain
the amount, and report the same to Congress.
It does not bind Congress to pay it afterward.
But the amendment is in order the Chair thinks,
having been moved by direction of a standing
committee.
Mr. NYE. I do not wish to take up the
time of the Senate ; but, after a most thorough
examination, the Committee on Territories
thought this was a most meritorious case. The
honorable Senator from Ohio says he is going
to show that it is a fraud. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, it will take a good while to argue this
case from one end to the other, and to show
the honorable Senator from Ohio that it is not
a fraud. There are two committees that have
investigated it; they do not find it to be a fraud ;
and I undertake to say that there is not an arti-
cle here but what was delivered in accordance
with an order of the commander of the armies
of the^ United States; and their own officer
certifies to it, and I have the order here.
Mr. SHERMAN. I renew the motion that
the amendment lie on the table.
Mr. NYE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion. I want to know who it is that
rants to keep men out of their money.
"Order!" "Order!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate is not
in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
take<i, resulted—yeas 26, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Buckingham,
Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Davis. Edmunds, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Harlan, Howell. Johnston, Lewis,
McCreery, Miller, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Osborn, Sawyer. Sherman, Sprngue, Stearns, Trum-
bull, Viekers, Williams, and Wilson—2t>.
NAiTS—Messrs. lioretnan, Cameron, Cragin, Flan-
agan, Fowler, Hill, Howard, Howe, McDonald, Nye,
Pomeroy. Robertson. Ross. Stockton, Thayer, and
Tipton—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Blair, Brown-
low, Carpenter, Ca^serly, Cattell, Corbett, Fenton,
Ferry. Gilbert, Hamilton ol Texas, Hamlin, Harris,
Kellogg, Morrill ol Maine, Patterson, Pool, Pratt,
Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott,
Spencer, Stewart. Sumner, Thurman, Warner, Wil-
ley, and Yates—32.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I wish to pro-
pose one or two amendments for the District
of Columbia, if Senators will look over the
bill and see how mercilessly and remorselessly
the House of Representatives cutoff every ap
propriation for this District, I think they will
be struck with surprise. There certainly should
have been an appropriation for the construc-
tion of a fence through the President's grounds,
which is partially completed. It is left entirely
unfinished, and even a street that is cut almost
through to the avenue is left in a broken and
disgraceful condition. So you may go through
with ever so many items for this District and
they seem to have been entirely ignored. For
the purpose of testing the sense of the Senate
on two of them, to which my attention has been
especially called by General Michler, who we
all know is a prudent and most faithful officer
of the Government, I submit this amendment:
For cutting street through President's grounds, as
per plan, $1,192.
For construction of circular fence around and
through the President's grounds to Seventeenth
street west, including foundation walls, curbing,
flagging, and iron fencing. $45,500.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let me say
to the Senator from California that this ought
clearly to be done, and I hope he will not re-
sist it. It is not a tenth part of what ought to
be done.
Mr. COLE. I think we ought not to break
the ice. If this be done there will be no keep-
ing off amendments that will come for appro-
priations in all parts of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. On consultation with the real
substantial man of the Committee on Venti-
latior^ the one that knows all about it, a
gentleman of the other House—I mean Mr.
Jenckes, of Rhode Island—I am told that we
did not make the appropriation for ventilating
enough. It should be $6,000 more, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the architect, as
the Senate has ruled.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada moves to amend the amendment
already agreed to on his motion.
Mr. NYE. By striking out "three" and
inserting "nine."
The VICE PRESIDENT. So as to make
the appropriation $9,000.
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir; that is it.
Mr. COLE. I hardly think that ought to be
done. We know that the ventilation of this
Hall is much better this year than it was last
year.
Mr. NYE. So it is; and we are going to
improve it a great deal more. This is for a
blast under the roof to keep the condensation
from going on. It is for fire-flues and fire-
places in the rooms about here.
Mr. COLE. I ask if this has the recom-
mendation of any committee?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir; the Committee on
Ventilation, a joint committee of the two
Houses.
Mr. COLE. As it relates to our own com-
fort here, where we are suffering so much, I
suppose I ought not to make objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I propose an additional sec-
tion, by way of amendment, to which I am sure
the Senator from California will not object:
Sbo. —. That it shall not bo lawful after the pas-
sage of this act to place general legislation upon any
appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not suppose that the Senator from Massachu-
setts desires this amendment t,o go on the bill.
Mr. COLE. I hope nobody will move to lay
it on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator desire it to be put on the appropriation
bill?
Mr. WILSON. 1 want to put it on the
appropriation bill. It means about this: we
do this thing now, and we do not mean to do
wrong again.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the amend-
ment lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I now move my amend-
ment: "three thousand dollars for a surveyor
for the port of Galveston, Texas."
Mr. POMEROY. Is it provided by law that
there shall be a surveyor there?
Mr. FLANAGAN. The House of Repre-
sentatives has passed a bill No. 2870, author-
izing it.
Mr. POMEROY. If we pass the bill here
it will be all right.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I hope we shall.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Texas.
Mr. COLE. I must object to that. I think
I must make a point of order on the Senator.
I do not remember that any notice of this has
been given. In the great multitude of notices,
however, it may have escaped me.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I gave none. I was not
aware that it would be required.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The thirtieth-
rule requires notice to be given. If the point
is made the amendment cannot be received.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I ask the Senate then
to take up House bill No. 2870. It will take
but a minute ; it is a very short bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
appropriation bill the Senator from Texas asks
that a House bill be taken from the table for
the purpose of being passed. Is there objection?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
Mr. BOREMAN. I offer an amendment
as follows:
That the sum of $50,000 of the proceeds of the sale
made under and by virtue of an act providing for
the sale of the lands, tenements, and water privi-
leges belonging to the United States at and near
Harper's Ferry, in the county of Jefferson, West
Virginia, approved December 15. 1868, be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated and donated to the
West Virginia University, in the State of West Vir-
ginia, and the same shall be paid to the said univer-
sity by the Secretary of the Treasury whenever so
much of the net proceeds of such sale shall have
been paid into the Treasury.
Mr. COLE rose. •
Mr. BOREMAN. I believe I have the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
West Virginia has the floor unless a point of
order is made.
Mr. BOREMAN. I offerthe amendment oil
behalf of my colleague who is necessarily
called away and will not be here for the rest
of the session. It was submitted some days
since and referred to the appropriate commit-
tee. Whether it was reported upon or not,
I do not know. I wish to make a short state-
ment with regard to it, which will take but a
moment.
As Senators are aware, the United States
owned valuable property at Harper's Ferry,
in what is now West Virginia, on which were
located large workshops for the manufacture
of arms. In 1861 the buildings were destroyed,
leaving the property there of little value to the
Government, yet of value to private persons
who might desire them. By an act passed in
1868, provision was made for selling the prop-
erty under the supervision of the Secretary of
War. The sale has taken place; the money
has not been collected; the money is not in
the Treasury; therefore this will not be taking
money out of the Treasury.
I do not wish to make an argument; but I
will state further that, as Senators are well
aware, the Government of the United States
has been very lavish in donating lands for
purposes of education in the new States ; and
five of those States are formed out of lands
which were once the property of Virginia, out
of which West Virginia has been carved. Uni-
versities have been built, common schools have
been supported in those States by the Govern-
ment, to which I do not object. Here is a
little public property which has since the de-
struction of the buildings upon it rendered the
Government no service ; it has been sold ; the
money has not yet been collected ; it is located
within the bounds of our State, and we ask
that this small portion of the proceeds of the
sales of that property shall be given to the
university which has been erected in our State.
