546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
There never was any reason in that. It has
always been a blunder and has always been
an inconvenience.
But the question is now presented whether
the Government may not, by agreement with
the Slate, take jurisdiction just so far as she
needs it, and leave the rest to the State, where
it was in the first place. It seems to me that
reason says that that may be done, because the
greater always includes the less. It seems,
too, that convenience would say that it should
be done. Take this very case of the national
asylum in Ohio. All the Government wants
is the ground for such an institution, and the
power to regulate and control and govern it
while the soldiers are there—a few very sim-
ple rules. It does not want to punish ordin-
ary offenses—larcenies and assaults and bat-
teries—that may be committed on that six
hundred and forty acres. There is no reason
in that; there is no propriety in it. That part
of the jurisdiction should be left to the State,
just as it always was. The Government wants
certain powers, and no more.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend release
me from my promise notto interrupt him again,
and allow me to ask him one question right
there?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; as many as you
please.
Mr. CARPENTER. Take an arsenal, for
instance, where you have troops; take a fort
where yon have military forces. If'the Govern-
ment of the United States did not have the ex-
clusive power to try for assault and battery, and
everything of the kind, for every matter of
discipline in the Army itself, as the imprison-
ment of a, soldier lor drunkenness, suits might
be brought in the State courts, and prosecu-
tions instituted there, and the State tribunals
pass upon those questions. It, is indispensable
to the discipline of the Army ; it is indispensa-
ble to the management of all the large build-
ings in which the nil'lira of the Government
are seated and conducted, that this exclusive
jurisdiction should reside here ; else you have
conflict cverv day.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, there might
be a reason for a more extended jurisdiction
in the ease of an arsenal or a fort than in the
case of an asylum. 1 admit that there is no
necessity at all for exclusive jurisdiction or an
extended jurisdiction in the case of an asylum.
Now. take the case of a fort. Congress, of
course, would require the jurisdiction neces-
sary to punish a soldier for drunkenness,
which is the case put by the Senator, or to
punish any violation of military law or disci-
pline; but is it necessary that this Government
should have jurisdiction to punish a man who
happens to stroll upon the ground and commit
a larceny, or that it shall have jurisdiction if
two of' the hands engaged in plowing or gar-
dening should get into a fight? Such cases
do not come within the reasoning of the rule
at all. It so happens, however, that exclusive
jurisdiction has been given in those cases,
but I contend that it has always been an incon-
venience and was unnecessary. In the case
of the asylum, there is no jurisdiction required
except that which Congress may exercise with-
out action giving the consent of the State, just
as in the case ot the insurance company in the
illustration 1 have made use of.
Mr. THUIi.MAN. Will the Senator from
Indiana allow me to interrupt him for a mo-
ment '!
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. If I understood the Sen-
ator from Indiana he said that there was no
authority to sustain the proposition that the
United States must have exclusive jurisdiction,
that it might not consent to a mixed jurisdic-
tion. Of course he was speaking of property
acquired with the consent uf the State and for
one of the purposes specified iu that clause of
the Constitution, because there is no question
now before the Senate in regard to property
acquired without the consent of the State or in
respect to property acquired for some other
purpose. Now, in respect to property acquired
for one of the purposes mentioned in the clause
of the Constitution, with the consent of the
State, let me read the language of Mr. Justice
Story in the case of The United States vs. Cor-
nell. In that case there was an attempt, in
the consent given by the Legislature of Rhode
Island, to have concurrent jurisdiction with the
United States. That was one of the qualifica-
tions of its consent. The question was, whether
there could be any such thing, and the court
held that, if they gave that interpretation to
the consent, that there was to be concurrent
jurisdiction in Rhode Island, with the United
States, the consent would be good for nothing,
and that they must therefore, if it were possi-
ble, construe the act giving the consent as not
reserving any concurrent jurisdiction, but sim-
ply reserving what the court say might be the
casebetweenany two foreignPowers that would
consent to let the process of one run into the
territory of the other to punish offenses com-
mitted within the territory in which the process
issued ; and they say in respect to that:
"In our judgment it comports entirely with the
upp.trent intention of the parties, and gives effect
to acts which might otherwise perhaps be construed
entirety nugatory. For it msiy welt be doubted
whether Congress are. by tho terms ef the Constitu-
tion. at liberty to purcha-o lands tor forts, dock-
yards, &c.. with the consent of n State Legislature,
whero such consent is so qualified that; it will not
jusUfy tho ' exclusive legislation' of Congress there.
It may well be doubted if such consent bo not utterly
void. Uf rca vwjin vnleat qmm pereat, we are bound
to give tho present act a different construction, if
it may reasonably be done; nnd wo have not the
least hesitation in declaring that the trao inter-
pretation ot the present proviso leaves the solo and
exclusivo jurisdiction of I'ort Adams in the United
Wtates."—2 Mohou'v Heparin, pages 65 and 66.
That, is approved by Chancellor Kent in his
Commentaries; and in one of the cases I read
yesterday the court say that it does not require
any words on the part of the State about juris-
diction: that the moment the United States,
with the consent of the State, acquires prop-
erty for ono of these specified purposes, the
Constitution of the United States, ipso facto,
fixes the exclusive jurisdiction of Congress.
Mr. MORTON. In that case the United
States had not accepted a qualified jurisdic-
tion. There is one expression there which
would seem to go further; bat that point was
not before tho court. The United States had
not accepted a qualified jurisdiction. I think
that decision does not conflict with the point
of my argument. But the first position that 1
took is the one that I think is the true one:
that this case does not come under this clause
of the Constitution at all. There is no neces-
sity for regarding it in that way. It is a sim-
ple question, whether the Government of the
United States may not authorize a corporation
to acquire property, as it has done in tho case
of an insurance company, and, with the con-
sent of the State, govern that property whether
an asylum or an insurance company, accord-
ing to such rules as may be consented to by
the 'State. That is the whole of it. I beg
the pardon of the Senator from Wisconsin for
interrupting him.
Mr. HOWE. I am very grateful to th® Sen-
ator from Indiana. lie will make that part, of
the Globe which would have been occupied by
me, if he had not volunteered with my consent,
certainly appear interesting. [Laughter.]
I was not going to enlarge the boundaries
of this debate at all. I was a little in hopes
that I might say something to contract the
scope which it has already taken. I think the
Senator from Ohio was right just now in say-
ing that wherever land is granted to the United
States for one of the purposes mentioned in
this article of the Constitution, and that is
p accompanied by the consent of the State within
i whose jurisdiction the land lies, then the Con-
stitution speaks, and vests in the Congress of
the United States exclusive powers of legis-
lation.
When I was on the floor before, I undertook
to argue that in the case before us the Govern-
ment of the United States had not acquired
any such territory for any such purpose, nor
had the State of Ohio given any such consent.
But the Senator from Ohio replies that the
supreme court of Ohio, passing upon a case,
has said that, no matter what the terms of the
grant are, the title is in the United States, and
Ohio has given her consent. I take it for
granted that the Senator puts the adjudication
aright.
Now, what is manifest? Simply this: that
the adjudication being admitted to be correct
for the purposes of this legislation, Ohio is
in a predicament which she never put her
self into—that is apparent upon the face of
her act—and in a predicament in which we
have no sort of interest in keeping her. She
is in a predicament from which she would
desire to be relieved ; she is in a predicament
from which we are ready to relieve her ; and
the question is, how shall it be done ? That
is all. My colleague, [Mr. Carpenter,] the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Conkling,] and,
so far as I can understand, the Senator from
Ohio over the way [Mr. Tiiurman] are per-
fectly willing to relieve the State from that
predicament if it can be done. Can it not be
done ?
Hore are able lawyers who know how to
frame acts. If she is in this predicament,
which the supreme court of Ohio says, it is
because, notwithstanding the peculiar ohrase-
ology of her act and ot our former acts, this
title has vested in the United States and Ohio
did give her consent. And now can we re-
lease that title? And if we do relinquish that
title, will not Ohio be out of that predicament?
Or if that will not relieve her from the pre-
dicament, can we not find some way of doing
it? Is there here an embarrassment piled,
through misapprehension, upon one State,
which she wauts to be relieved from, which
we are willing to relieve her from, but cannot
find any way of doing it? That is a question
which 1 put to the lawyers on this floor. I sup-
posed that this was an act to relinquish what-
ever that title is which the supreme court of
Ohio says we have got. I understand that the
Senate has disagreed to that amendment, so
that it stands an act receding some jurisdic-
tion. If it is the jurisdiction which I under-
stand the Ohio act to have ceded, that is no
jurisdiction at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment was
rejected without a division. Now, either the
surrender of the jurisdiction or a recession of
this land in almost any words that will convey
the meaning will be sufficient. I hope we shall
not quarrel between ourselves as to the partic-
ular phraseology. The colleague of the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter,] whom I
tried to indulge as much as I could, wanted the
word "jurisdiction" used. Now, if my friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] wants the word
"land" used, I shall not object.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator misunder-
stood me. My claim was that we could not
cede jurisdiction and that I would not consent
to cede the title.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then let us put in both
words.
Mr. HOWE. I beg the Senator from Ohio
not to think that I am hypercritical about
this matter ; that I am finding fault with the
phraseology. I am not at all difficult about it.
I think myself the act will be more effective
if the amendment is agreed to than if it is
stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think so.
Mr. IIOWE. 1 want the Senator to under-
stand simply that I will not warrant the act if
the amendment is not agreed to. I think I
