1988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3>
On motion of Mr. SPENCER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate further disagree to the
amendments of the House of Representatives to the
Baid bill, and agree to the conference asked by the
House of Representatives on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Spencer, Mr. Harris, and Mr. Ames.
civil appropriation bimj.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. 11.
No. 3064) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 80, 1872, and for other purposes.
Mr. ANTHONY. In the lepart made by
the committee of conference on the legislative
appropriation bill, which has just been agreed
to, there seems to have been a mistake with
regard to the appropriation for the lithograph-
ing of the Patent Office under the new act
which has recently been passed. The appropri-
ation was left, but the object for which the
appropriation was made was stricken out. A
therefore wish to amend the present bill, as the
only way T see of remedying this delect, by
stating the purpose for which the appropria-
tion in the former bill is to be applied. The
amendment makes no new appropriation, but
directs how an appropriation already existing
shall be applied. I send it to the Chair. I
presume it should be inserted as an additional
seotion, because it has no very proper place in
this bill.
The amendment was read, as follows:
That the sum of $91,000 appropriated for litho-
graphing and other puiposes m the act making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses ot the Government for the year
ending June -so, 187:3, bo applied for carrying out the
provisions of tho joint resolution pioviduig for pub-
lishing specific:*tions and drawings of tho Patent
Office, approved January 11,1871: I'rtwiiled, That
it', in the judgment of the joint Committee on Print-
ing, this work call l>o performed under tile direction
of theCommissioner of Patents moreadvantageo'isly
than in the manner provided m said resolution, it
shall be so done: A ad provided Iurdter, That the price
of the printed copies of specilications and drawings
of patents, when uneert ilied, shall be determined by
theOoimnissioner ol Patent*, ten cents being hereby
fixed as tile minimum ;iml lii'ty cents as the maxi-
mum price of llie s,une, uui tilled copies to bo sold at
the price fixed by the patent, act of 1870.
Mr. SPRAG Uli. Does my colleague resign
tlie floor?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do. _
Mr. SPRAGUE. My impression is that
the committee of conference on the legislative
bill had this subject under consideration. The
point, as I understand it, is that the Patent
Office want to print these lithographs them-
selves. The committee of conference have
agreed to the objects or the purposes of the
Patent Ottice, but require this work to be
done under the direction of the Congressional
Printer. In the absence of ray colleague on
the Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Cole]
1 move that this amendment be laid on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode island [Mr. Sx'kague] moves that
the amendment be laid on the table.
Mr. ANTHONY, f Impel shall bealiowed
to explain it before it is laid on the table. I
ask the Senate to vote down the motion so
that I may be allowed to do so.
The YiCE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island [Mr. Sprague] yield
to his colleague?
Mr. SPRAGUE. No, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senate will
vote down this motion and allow me to explain
the amendment. If I do not make a satisfac-
tory explanation then they can lay it on the
table.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Discussion is outof order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho motion is
not debatable.
Mr. FOWLER. I rise to ask a question.
Mr. ANTHONY. J ask the Senate not to
lay the amendment on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Sprague] withdraws the motion
in order that his colleague may explain.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is an appropriation
made for certain purposes for the Patent Office.
The appropriation is made, but the purpose
for which the appropriation is made is stricken
out of the bill, so that we have an appropri-
ation of $91,000 which is intended to be appro-
priated for a certain purpose, and that purpose
is stricken out. Now, I desire to put into this
bill the purpose for which the appropriation was
made in the former bill, not to increase the
appropriation, but to st^te the object for which
it was made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Rhode Island [Air. Spragub] insist on
the motion to lay on the table?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let meansweryour col-
league.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Rhode
Island on my right [Mr. Anthony] is mistaken
in his fact. This is the very question we set-
tled in conference as one of the details of the
legislative bill which I hold in my hand. The
House of Representatives provided in the legis-
lative bill " for lithographing, engraving, map-
ping, copies of maps, plans, and diagrams in
far, simile on tracing linen, $91,000." That
is for tho engraving and printing and operat-
ing of the Patent Office work which by the
act, passed this very winter is to be done at
tho Government Printing Office, like all other
similar work, under the direction of the Public
Printer, upon proper control of the Commit-
tees on Printing, just as it ought to be, in my
opinion.
The Senate—not the Committee on Appro-
priations—put in au amendment which re-
opened that whole subject of the woik to be
done in the Patent Office, and left it for the
Committee on Printing to determine whether
tho Patent Office itself should not set up a sep-
arate printing and lithographic establishment.
The House of Representatives objected to it,,
and i believe the conference committee which
lias just reported were satisfied that it was
altogether unwise to set up any more printing
establishments for the Government just now ;
that it should be left as the law, standing upon
its own footing, passed at the instance of my
friend on my right in January, provided, so
that the appropriation now reads in the law
which we iiavc just adopted, if it be signed by
the President, " for lithographing, engraving,
mapping, copies of maps, plans, &c., $91,000,"
stating the appropriation and tho purposes
for which it is to be used. Then the law pro-
viding how it is to be used, which I have re-
ferred to, the act of January, 1871, points out
how this is to be done. There is, therefore,
no obscurity and no difficulty about it, unless
Senators wish to set up a fresh printing estab-
lishment 111 the Interior Department for the
benefit of the Patent Office. We thought, and
the House thought, that that was not a wise
thing to do. Now, I renew the motion of my
colleague on the committee.
Mr. ANTHONl. I ask the Senate to vote
this motion down, in order to allow me to ex-
plain.
I renew the motion.
I will let my friend ex-
Mr. SPRAGUE.
Mr. EDMUNDS.
plain it.
Mr. ANTHONY.
not.
Mr. SPRAGUE.
Mr. ANTHONY.
it down, so
amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE,
order.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is *>u the motion of the Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Sprague] to lay the amendmeut
of the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Ax-
■riioxr] on the table.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 21, noes 18.
But my colleague does
I insist on the motion.
I ask the Senate to vote
lis to allow me to explain the
I call my colleague to
Mr. CRAGIN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in on page 40, after line nine
hundred and fifty-nine:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to contract
for a machine for bending ship timber: Provided,
Tiie inventor give satisfactory bonds for all money
received until said machine shall be satisfactorily
tested: And provided, The said machine shall be
capable of bending timber for frame and knees for
a vessel of two thousand tons, $100,000.
I have only a word to say on this subject.
I intended to move this amendment, on the
naval appropriation bill; but, as it will be rec-
ollected by the Vice President, that bill passed
at a very late hour and when 1 was on the floor
with this very amendment in my hand. This
amendment is recommended by the Secretary
of the Navy. At the request of the Committee
on Naval Affairs of the Senate and of the
House at the last session a board of naval offi-
cers was designated to examine this machine
and this process, and that board has made a
favorable report. In the naval appropriation
bill we struck out about half a million dol-
lars appropriated by the House to the Bureau
of Construction and Repairs. Now, tho pur-
chase of this machine, whether we adopt this
amendment or not, would be a great economy
to the Government. It is a machine of im-
mense power, weighing five hundred tons, and
is capable of bending timber a foot sqmare at
any length, at right angles or any angle, to
take the place of the timber that has to be
purchased now at a great cost, knees and
other naturally bent timber, I ask that this
amendment may be adopted,
Mr. CODE. I suppose this amendment ought
to take the course pf all the rest, and I move
that it lie on tho tabic.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I wish to
make an appeal to the Senate. It is now half
past eleven o' clock, and unless this bill is passed
at once it may just as well not pass at all.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have a little amend-
ment to which no one will object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I appeal to
Senators to let the bill pass as it is, if they in-
tend to secure any of the amendments already
placed upon it.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is a very small
matter. The storm, signals have proved emi-
nently advantageous to commerce, but there
are none for the vast region about the lakes.
I offer an amendment, and I wish to explain it.
Mr. COLE, I hope the Senator will not
offer an amendment. It will be voted down.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator will see
the absolute necessity of adopting this amend-
ment. The whole vast region of the lakes has
no signal station, and my amendment proposes
to have three signal stations there. It is recom-
mended by the signal corps.
Mr. COLE. I move that the amendment
lie on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER. Wait till I get through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
will suspend his remarks until his amendment
is reported, so that the Senate may know to
what he is addressing his remarks.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; I send it
to the desk.
Mr. COLE. It will take a long time to read
that.
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, no ; I have sent
up some papers with the amendment. I only
ask for the reading of the amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
To establish signal stations at Esconawbo, Mar-
quette, and Hurou City, Michigan, SI,500.
Mr. CHANDLER. The amendment pro-
poses to establish three signal stations at
places where there is telegraphic communica-
tion, and appropriates but. $1,500. That whole
lake region is without a single signal station
to show when storms are coming. The Atlan-
tic coast is protected by these storm signals,
and they have proved eminently useful in the
interest of commerce, The Committee on
