1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1389
Commerce have authorized me to offer this
amendment, and I hope the Senate will make
no opposition to it.
Mr. COLE. I hope this is the end of a large
storm of amendments. I move that it lie on
the table.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I offer the following amend-
ment, by direction of the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws, as an additional section:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized to increase the compensation of
assistant marshals in taking the census of 1870when-
ever in his judgment the same shall be necessary:
Provided. That in no case shall >:uch increase exceed
fifty per cent, of the compensation now allowed by
law, nor shall the entire compensation beraore than
eight, dollars per day for the time actually employed.
And the joint resolution entitled " Ajoint resolution
in relation to the compensation of assistant mar-
shals for taking the census of 1870." approved June
0,1870, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am instructed by the
Committee on Appropriations to move that
that proposition lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no; it should not
be laid on the table.
Mr. BAYARD. If the Senator from Rhode
Island will withdraw the motion for a moment
I will simply state 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Rhode Island withdraw the motion ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir.
Mr. BAYARD. I believe that this is a
matter of simple justice to these men, who
have not been compensated for the labor they
have performed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator
what is the limit?
Mr. BAYARD. Eight dollars per diem.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that is too high ;
but they ought to have some increase.
Mr. BAYARD. It is in accordance with
the resolution of last year.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I renew the motion to lay
the amendment on the table.
Mr. ItAMSEY. I should like to inquire if
this amendment involves the compensation
called for by the assistant marshals?
Mr. CONKLING. It does.
Mr. RAMSEY. Has no other provision
been made for them?
Mr. CONKLING. None.
Mr. BAMSEY. Then I hope it will not be
laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on.n division—ayes 12, noes 30.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to fix the maxi-
mum in the amendment at five dollars.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will hear
a suggestion now he will see that he is mistaken
about that. This maximum has been fixed
with some care. It is fixed to cover expenses
as well as compensation. The allegation is
that some of the census takers have been
obliged to pay two dollars, or two dollars and
a half a day for a horse, and something more
for their expenses; so that five dollars leaves
ft wholly inadequate compensation for those
who have been diligent. That is the allegation,
and this amendment"is to make it as nearly
equitable as possible, and it is proposed by the
Committee under advice.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very much in favor
of increasing the compensation of some of
these deputy marshals, who I know have been
not only illy paid, but who have not been paid
at all. I think the maximum fixed in the
amendment of the Senator from Delaware is
a little too high. Eight dollars a day for that
kind of service is too much. I will say six
dollars; I think that is enough.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
reducing (be maximum to six dollars.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish simply to state to
the Senator from Ohio that at the last session
a joint resolution was passed fixing the maxi-
mum at eight dollars per day, and it was passed
after debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rcjsctsd.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like some Sen-
ator who knows something of this business to
state to us what will be the increase of pay if
this amendment be adopted; what will be the
total per diemt
Mr. SHERMAN. Not over fifty per cent.
Mr. CASSERLY. I see that the amend-
ment says that. How much would that bring
it to ?
Mr. BAYARD. I do not think the per diem
can be precisely stated, because it will in great
measure depend upon the diligence of the mar-
shal. The law of 1850 had certainly this good
feature: that the man's pay was gauged by
his diligence; the harder he worked the more
money he received within a shorter time. It
was found, however, that in the sparsely set-
tled sections of the country he could not at the
present rate of living obtain a fair compensa-
tion under the old rates. For that reason the
old rates were increased fifty per cent,; but in
no case, however, should he be able to make
more than eight dollars a day. It is provided
that this law shall not operate to increase
the rates beyond eight dollars a day. In the
more thickly settled portions of the country
some of the marshals have been making, I sup-
pose, fifteen or twenty dollars a day; but they
were occupied for a much shorter period of
time. Where they have to ride to perforin
.their duty, of course it takes a much longer
time to complete the work.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask whether we did not
%at the last session of Congress enact a law
authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to
grant an increase in certain portions of the
country that were sparsely settled 
Mr. CONKLING. In the sparse regions
only.
Mr. CASSERLY. In certain portions of
the country that were sparsely populated we
authorized the Secretary of the Interior to grant
an increase of the compensation of these per-
sons. Now here is a demand for a further
increase, running all over the country. It seems
to me this is rather an extraordinary result.
The bill which was passed was one prepared
or adjusted to the then changed condition of
the eouutry, as was supposed. There was an
increase made upon that; and now here is the
thirdpiece of legislation on the subject—agen-
eral increase all over the country. It seems
to me there should be some explanation of this
increase now.
Mr. BAYARD. As I understand it, this
amendment amends the resolution of last June,
by striking out the words which limited the in-
crease of the sparsely-settled regions, and now
it is made to be the law that a man shall at
least receive eight dollars per diem, but he shall
not receive more unless the fees warranted by
the law of 1850 would enable him to make it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I understand the
proposed legislation to be that in every case
the deputy shall have eight dollars a day, and
he may have more in a certain contingency.
It appears to me that this is rather objection-
able legislation. It puts the indolent and the
active on the same footing, as far as a uniform
per diem, is concerned, although under certain
circumstances it enables those who_ are more
active to obtain a higher compensation.
Mr. CflAGIN. 1 hope this amendment .will
not prevail. I am sure there is no necessity
for it. In 1850, uuder the present law, it hap-
pened to me to be a census-taker. I enumer-
ated some twelve thousand inhabitants, and I
know that 1 made from eight to ten dollar? a
day on the average in enumerating the people
at that time. It was the best business I had ever
done up to that date, and the same thing exists
to-day; and any man of any smartness at all,
anywhere in New England, can make from
eight to ten dollars adav under the present law.
Mr._ CONKLING. Then he does not get
anything^ under this amendment, because it
confines it to eight dollars a day.
Mr. CRAGIN. That may be; but this prop-
osition only gives increased pay to those shift-
less men who spend twice as much time as they
need to do in doing their work.
Mr. HILL. I will state to the Senate that I
hold in my hand a letter from a census-taker,
one of the most reputable men of my acquaint-
ance, ft man who would not tell a story on
any account, and he writes me, speaking of
Georgia:
" I know the compensation paid the marshals who
Avere engaged in.taking the census was totally inad-
equate! in fact, if they had boon charged as other
travelers itwouldscarcely have paid their expenses."
Mr. HAMLIN. Now let us vote.
• The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Delaware.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. I have an amendment to
offer.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask the Senator from
Maryland to yield to me to allow me to call up
a pension bill and put it on its passage.
Mr. COLE. I object. I cannot consent to
any business being interposed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objects. The Chair will also state
that he has a number of pension bills on his
table which he has not presented, as he has
been waiting for the appropriation bills to be
disposed of. The Senator from Maryland is
entitled to the floor, and will proceed with his
amendment.
Mr. VICKERS. I offer the following amend-
ment :
To erect a permanent bridge across the Anaeostia
or eastern branch of the Potomac river, at or near
the site of the present wooden structure known as
the navy-yard bridge, under the direction of a com-
mission consisting of the Secretary of the Interior,
an engineer of the Army, to be detailed for this pur-
pose by the President, the civil engineer employed
at the Washington navy-yard, the Commissioner of
the jBureau oi Refugees, Freedmen and Abandoned
Lands, and the superintendent of the Government
Hospital for the Insane, if, in their judgment, tbo
public interest demands this improvement, $50,000.
This is asked for by a large number of the
citizens of Washington and the District of
Columbia and a considerable portion of Mary-
land, in a memorial presented to the Senate by
a committee consisting of John H. "Wheeler,
William F. Farish, Arthur Christie, Joseph S.
Worthitigton, A. B. Johnson, H. B. Denman,
atidF. Nickols. This bridge is one of the most
important bridges connecting the city with the
country. It is over the eastern branch of the
Potomac, called the Anaeostia river. 1 have
in my hand an account of the number of pas-
sengers that pass over this bridge in a year,
and also the number who pass over the Long
bridge and the Benning bridge.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask whether this amendment is in order? I
think not. I think no notice has been served
upon the Committee on Appropriations, and I
make that point of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Se nator from
California makes the point of order that this
amendment has not been referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir; it was referred
to that committee by order of the Committee
on the District of Columbia, and printed sev-
eral days ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
appears to be in order under the rule,
Mr. COLE. Then I hope the Senator will
allow us to vote upon it.
Mr. VICKERS. To show the importance
of this bridge I will state that 1,027 foot-pas-
sengers pass over it every day, and 374,855 in.
