1990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
a year. The horses and wagons that pass over
it in one year amount to 101,407 ; of teams
and wagons in a year 84,315; being a larger
number than pass over any other bridge con-
necting this city with the country. The Senate
will observe that this bridge is only asked for
in case a board of commissioners, consisting
of officers connected with the Government,
shall deem it necessary. The original bridge
■was built by a company incorporated for the
purpose by the Legislature of Maryland, in
1797. In 1814 it was destroyed to prevent
the British troops having access to the city.
In 1819 it was rebuilt. The memorialists state
that many of the pilps have decayed and the
bridge is not safe. Congress has made this
biidge Government property. By an act of
Congress it is the property of the Govern-
ment as much so as this building. The peo-
ple here desire to have a permanent bridge,
one that shall be safe. I am informed that in
bridge two ladies were precipitated into the
consequence of the decay of a portion of the
water during the last year, one of whom was
drowned. 1 have brought this matter to the
notice of the Senate by the request of a large
number of persons who feel an interest in it,
and I submit it to their judgment.
Mr. COLE. I move that the amendment
lie on the table.
Mr. VICKERS. I will say that it is only
conditional 
Mr. COLE. The motion is not debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thayer
in the chair-) The Chair will remind the Sen-
ator from Maryland that debate is not in order.
Mr. COLE. My motion is not conditional.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 24, noes 18.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President 
Mr. CAMERON. I trust that the bill will
now be reported to the Senate. Unless it is
done immediately, we shall not get through
to-night,, and we shall lose the whole bill.
Mr. HAMLIN and others. Report the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
have risen with amendments, and the Chair
cannot report the bill to the Senate while
amendments are being moved.
Mr. COLE. Is this an attempt to defeat the
bill? Are we to have this bill passed at this
session, or is it to go over to the next?
The VICE PRES1 DENT. The Senator from
Maryland is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE. I hope Senatois will see the
great necessity for having the bill disposed
of very soon. I appeal in all kindness to
my friend from Maryland to allow us to vote
upon it.
Mr. VICKERS. I have offered but a single
amendment to the bill so far.
Mr. COLE. 1 am aware of that. I am very
much obliged to the Senator for his consider-
ation.
Mr. VICKERS. I have shown no disposi-
tion to deleat the bill. I have stood by the
chairman of the committee while he has had
the bill up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
send his amendment to the desk and the Sec-
retary will report it.
Mr. VICKERS. I present the amendment,
subject to a question of order which I raise
myself. I do not know whether it is in order
or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be reported, and the Chair will then rule
on llie question of order.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as
follows :
For the payment of John Thompson Mason, former
collector of the port of Baltimore, for services as
superintendent ot light-houses or as disbursing agent
beyond his collection district, by older of the Secre-
tary ot the Treasury, such sum as may be necessary
on an adjustment of tlio accounts by tlie Sccrctaiy
ot the Treasury, not exceeding £3,000.
'1 he VICE PUiiSI DENT. The Chair thinks
this amendment is out of order, as it is I'orsei-
Vices beyond the officer's salary the Chair sup-
poses. It may be a very meritorious private
claim, but it is not in order as au amendment
to this bill.
Mr. VICKERS. Will the Chair hear me for
one moment? That amendment i3 offered
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury. I saw the Secretary myself in rela-
tion to this, case, and ho prepared an amend-
ment himself which I now hold in my hand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Another amend-
ment different from this ?
Mr. VICKERS. It is an amendment which
embraces this case.
Mr. COLE. I believe that amendment is
ruled out of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is ruled
out of order; but the Senator from Maryland
appears to have another amendment.
Mr. VICKERS. This is the amendment pre-
pared by the Secretary of the Treasury:
For commissions of superintendents of lights
legally accruing to them prior to June 30,1871, $6,000:
Provided, That hereafter no commission shall be
allowed to any collector of customs for services as
superintendent of lights or as disbursing agent for
or on account of any articles used or services per-
formed without the limits of the collection district
for which ho may have been appointed.
I applied to the Secretary for a report in this
particular case, but he preferred to make one
embracing other collectors also. This amend-
ment would embrace the case which I presented
in behalf of Judge Mason.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This appears to
be for commissions beyond the salaries allowed
by law.
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairthinks
it is not in order. It is not to carry out the
provisions of an existing law, or an act or reso-
lution passed by the Senate during the present
session.
Mr. VICKERS. The courts have decided
that these officers were entitled to compensa.-
tion for services beyond their collection districts.
There is a decision of the courts on that sub-
ject. Judge Mason was the collector of customs
at Baltimore, an officer of the Government, and
dirt e'ed to do this work.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the courts
have decided that to be the true construction
of the law, then the amendment will be to carry
out the provisions of law and the decisions of
the court,; and it will be in order.
Mr. COLE. The decision of a court I do
not suppose, in the contemplation of the rule,
is a law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It declares what
the law is, however, and the Chair thinks that
brings the amendment within the rule.
Mr. VICKERS. Judge Mason had the case
in which the court so decided, and presented
it to me.
Mr. COLE. I move that the amendment
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-two,
noes not counted.
M r. RAMSEY. I desire to submit an amend-
ment to the bill.
Mr. COLE. I hope not.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is estimated for and rec-
ommended by the Department,, and I imagine
it is a case simply of omission on the part of
the Committee on Appropriations. The amend-
ment is to insert the following:
Tor compensation of the clerks in the office of the
surveyor general of Minnesota, employed upon work
consequent upon the appropriation tor the survey
of the publio lands within tho limits ot the grant to
the Northern Pacific railroad, per act of July 15,
1870, 49,200.
I have here, and ask the Secretary to read,
the recommendations of the Secretary of the
Interior and tho Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
Mr. COLE. I move that it be laid on the
table, recommendations and all.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask for the reading of
those papers lirst.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the reading
of the papers is objected to, the Chair cannot
order them to be read,
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I will read .them
myself; I have the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota retained the floor and desired the
Secretary to read certain papers, but the read-
ing being objected to, he proposes to read them
himself.
Mr. NYE. I call the Senator from Minne-
sota to order. He should speak from his seat.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Nevada raises the point of order that, the Sen-
ator from Minnesota should speak from his
seat. The rule requires that. [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. Well, sir, if it is any
accommodation to the Senate, I will proceed
to my seat and read these papers from there.
Mr. COLE. In the mean time I move that
the amendment lie on the table.
The VICE PRES1 DENT. The Senator from
Minnesota is entitled to the floor. The third
rule says that—
"Every Senator, when he speaks, shall address
tho Chair, standing in his place, and, when ho has
finished, shall sit down."
[Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. Now, Mr. President,, I have
here, first, the estimate of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office for this service, as
follows:
Department op <hie Interior.
General Land Office, February 20,1871.
Estimate of additional appropriation required for
the surveying service during the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1872.
For compensation of the clerks in the office of the
surveyor general of Minnesota, employed upon work
consequent upon the appropriation for the survey
of the public lands within the limits of the grant to
the Northern Pacific Railroad, per act of July 15,
1870, $9,200. WILLIS DRUMMOND,
Commissioner.
I have also a letter from the Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting the estimate from
the Commissionerof the Gc-neral Land Office.
The letter of the Secretary is as follows :
Department or the Interior.
Washington, D. 0., Febtuary -6, lb"l.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a
copy ot a letter, dated the 20th instant, trorn (ho
Commissioner of the General Land Office, submitting
an estimate of additional appropriation required
for the surveying service m Minnesota during the
fiscal year ending June 30,1872, amounting to &9,2U0.
The subject is respectfully submitted for thelavor-
ablo consideration of your honorable committee.
I am, sir, very respectfully,your obedient servant,
0. DELANO, Secretary.
The Chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
Senate of the United States.
Now, sir, let me read the communication of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. CAMERON. Give us the substance
of it.
Mr. RAMSEY. No; I will not. The Sen-
ate would not permit the Clerk to read thes«
papers, and T propose to read them myself.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator whether it would not answer as
well to have those papers printed in the Globe
without reading. [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir, not near so well ;
because 1 hope to influence the Senate to pass
this amendment. It iserainently proper, and
I know it is simply a piece of neglect on the
part of the Committee on Appropriations,
who have had these papers on their flies but
never looked to them, that this' appropriation
is not in the bill.
The letter of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office is as follows:
Department of the Interior,
General Land Office,
"Washington-, D. C., Februaiu 20. 1871.
Hon. Columbus Delano, Secretary.
Sir: By tho act of Congress approved July 15,
1870, (Pamphlet Laws, 1869-70, page 305,) an appro-
priation of $95,980 was made "for the survey of the
publio lands within the limits of the land grant to
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company in a direct
tine extending from Duluth, on Lake Superior, to
Georgetown, on the Red River of tne North,'' in the
State of Minnesota, with the provision that "S5.00U
of this appropriation shall be expended lor oilice-
wnrk by the surveyor general ot Minnesota
Ot tho balance of 590.980 applicable to surveys,
contracts have already been entered into to the ex-
tent of about eighty thousand dollars, tho gieatc;'
