1378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
eral defense of the nation against foreign or
domestic violence; that they are fitted to pro-
mote the general welfare, and so instructed in
their political duties as to enable them to
transmit unimpaired to posterity the blessings
of civil, political, and religious liberty.
If, then, the Congress of the United States,
in full view of the obligations devolved upon
it by the Constitution, and of the fearful mass
of ignorance pervading the land and the indif-
ference of certain States to education, should
deem it "necessary and proper" to establish
certain measures in order to carry out the great
objects for which the Constitution was formed,
it has the right to judge of the means it will
use; and in so considering it should have no
hesitation in concluding that under existing
circumstances a system of national education
such as is contemplated in the bill of my col-
league from Massachusetts, calculated to Erad-
icate the benighted places of our nation, is
the best means whereby it can be accom-
plished.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
who has just spoken seems to contend that
this bill compels the States to raise money to
be applied as the Federal Government pleases,
and that it is intended to supersede State sys-
tems. He forgets that the bill provides that
all money raised in each State by virtue of the
bill shall be expended therein for the purposes
of education, as in the bill declared: ''that any
State may at its election, jn lieu of the tax
provided for by this act, provide education
for all the children within its borders between
the ages of six and eighteen years," &c., and
"if it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the
President of the United States that there is
established in said State a system of common
schools which provides reasonably for all the
children therein who dwell where the popu-
lation is sufficiently dense to enable schools
to be maintained suitable instruction in the
aforesaid branches, no further steps shall be
taken for the appointment of officers or the
assessment of tax therein," and the State
system shall not be interfered with.
Such a system as provided by this bill invades
no State rights, imposes no obligations on will-
ingStates like New England, New York, Penn-
sylvania, and others, takes no money from their
coffers to be spent elsewhere, imposes no offices
up on them unnecessarily, but only requires
negligent and indifferent States to attend to the
duties they owe to their own citizens directly,
and indirectly to the other States, for the igno-
rance of the people of one State may mar the
happiness and disturb the tranquillity of the
whole. Tested, then, by the principles laid
down by Chief Justice Marshall, I contend that
" its ends are legitimate," thatthey are " within
the scope of the Constitution," that they are
very "appropriate," that they "are plainly
adapted to the end" contemplated, that they
are " not prohibited," that they "consistwith
the letter and the spirit of the Constitution,
are constitutional," and that Congress should
have no hesitation in passing the bills. Such
an event would be a new departure in our his-
tory, and while the contracted views of State
rights philosophers might induce them to grum-
ble at the overthrow of their fanciful dogmas,
and while Democratic leaders might mourn
the loss of power, the great masses of the people
who would receive its benefits would bless the
iday that insured the blessings of education to
every child in the nation.
Mr. McGREW. Mr. Speaker, my sympa-
thies are meat heartily with the object sought
to be secured by the measure now under con-
sideration, which is the promotion of general
education among the people in the South and
elsewhere in the United States; and I have
no purpose to say anything in opposition to
the bill, although "it does not commend itself
folly to my judgment. In his remarks to the
House some davs ago in advocacy of his bill
the gentleman who introduced it, [Mr. Hoaii,]
jn presenting a statement of the condition of ,
education at the South, referred to the State
which I in part represent in these words:
''West Virginia: contemplating the destruction
ot her already successful free-school system."
I had hoped that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hoar] would have stated the
grounds upon which this statement was based,
and the reasons for apprehending such action
by the people of West Virginia, if any such
reasons exist; but not having done so, I have
sought this opportunity to do so myself in a
very few words.
West Virginia was organized as a separate
State in 1863. In her constitution is this pro-
vision :
" Jhe Legislature shall provide, as soon as prac-
ticable, tor the establishment of a thorough and
efficient system of free schools."
At the very first session of her Legislature
an act was passed to carry out, both to the
letter and ifl the spirit, this requirement of
the constitution, and a comprehensive system
of education was at once put into operation,
comprising normal and free common schools,
as well as a university, the results of which are
briefly set forth by Governor Stevenson in his
recent message to the Legislature now in ses-
sion, an extract from which I will take the
liberty to read. Speaking of the school system
of the State he says:
X have the pleasure of laying before you the
report of 'the general superintendent of free schools.
It will be found an unusually interesting docu-
ment, exhibiting very clearly and ably not only the
advantages, but the defects of the common-scliool
system as it exists in the State.
Since the establishment of popular education
among us its growth has been steady and permanent
and it may now be regarded as a part of our fixed
policy, and justly so ; for whatever merit may be
lairly claimed for other agcncies designed to pro-
mote the public good, free-school education,stripped
of party politics, sectionalism, and sectarianism, is
and must continue to be the chief element of our
success; and a blow at it, whenever and by whom-
soever made, wiH be aimed at the rights of the peo-
ple and at the highest interest of the State.
' lhe report shows that the increase of school-
houses during the year was 495, and that the whole
number of school-houses in forty-eight out of the
ntty-three counties in the State is 2,113. The num-
ber of youth of school age in the State is 162,430; a
gain ot 11,483 over the number reported the year pre-
viou3. Xho whole number of pupils attending the
public schools during last year was 87.330. during the
year previous, (3,310; an increase for last year of
Ihoaverage attendance during last year was
5o,0t>3, during the_ year previous 39,303; an increase
for last year of 15,730. The permanent or irreduci-
ble school fund now on hand amounts to $251 860 17
The amount of money sreceived during the year for
school purposes was $562,761; and the total value of
school property reported from forty-eight out of the
titty-three counties is 81,057,473 94. Many other val-
uable statistics are given by the superintendent; but
for these I must refer you to the report itself.
ihe report of the regent of the State normal
school snows, on the whole, an improvement in this
department of education over the preceding year,
xhe Marshall College building has been completed,
lhe attendance at this school during the year was
21b; a very considerable increase over the corre-
sponding term's of the previous year. Of this num-
ber 66 were on State account—41 being males, and 25
females.
"The normal school at West Libert v.Ohio count v,
has been opened with very fair prospccts of success,
49 students being m attendance at the first term, 17
of whom were on State account; the balance paid
tuition. Iho report of the regents contains some
very able and practical remarks on the subject of
normal school training, which deserve your partic-
ular attention."
" T irginia University,
' ,new P.P\versjty hall has been completed,
u5 a beautiful and commodious structure, one of
which a State so young as ours may well feel proud.
You will no doubt find in the report of the board of
regents and the papers that accompany it, which 1
will transmit to you as soon as prftited, full particu-
lars of the general management, finances, plans of
instruction, and all other matters connected with
the operations of the institution during the past
year.
X'he university has competent and energetic offi-
cers, an able faculty, first-class buildings completed
ana occupied, and every facility for the thorough
V^ctmn °* the young men who may attend it.
AU it needs now is liberal encouragement from the
otate to make it equal to any university in the coun-
try, and even to excel many of them. This encour-
agement I feel confident you will not fail to give."
Mr, Speaker, this is a work and these are
results of which the citizens of West Virginia
may justly be proud; and I trust the day is
far distaut wljen tbejr will become so blind to
their own best interests as to do anything to
mar this noble work.
It is true, however, Mr. Speaker, that in
West Virginia the friends of universal educa-
tion have some cause of uneasiness, if not of
alarm.
Mr. HOAR. Whenever it may be agreeable
to the gentleman from West Virginia, [Mr.
McGrew,] I would like to state the authority
upon which I made the statement to which he
has referred.
Mr. McGREW. I prefer that the gentleman
should make the statement at the conclusion
of my remarks.
At the recent State election the Democracy,
for the first time in the history of the State,
succeeded in getting the control of the Legis-
lature, and it is a fact to be deplored that the
Democracy in West Virginia has manifested
unmistakable signs of hostility to the free-
school system as it exists there, ever since its
introduction, and it is currently reported that
the Democratic Legislature is about to call a
convention to revise the State constitution,
and it is greatly feared by the friends of edu-
cation that if successful in their project for a
convention they will attempt to destroy the
existing system of uuiversal free education.
But we trust in the growing intelligence of the
people to foil any and all such attempts should
they be made. The people of West Virginia
are fast learning to value their present edu-
cational facilities, secured to them by their
admirable free-school system, and I am slow to
believe that they will willingly throw them
awav at the bidding of political demagogue1;.
It the free-school system in West Virginia is
ever destroyed it will not be by the Repub-
lican party, but by that party which has uni-
formly manifested hostility to it.
Mr. HOAR. I wish now to remark that the
statement which I presented, and to which the
gentleman from West Virginia [Mr. McGrew]
has referred, was in its main features pre-
pared by an association of school teachers who
met in one of the northwestern cities—I think
either Cleveland or Cincinnati—duriug 1 ho
last summer; and the statement was revised
and confirmed by the national Bureau of Edu-
cation, to which I submitted it for revision
before using it. My statement was, as the gen-
tleman will recollect, that the school system
in West Wirginia was already successful, but
that the State was contemplating its destruc-
tion. I agree with him that it is the Demo-
cratic party which in West Virginia, as every-
where else, is the hater of light and knowledge.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. Speaker, I am reluc-
tant at this late hour to trespass upon your
pati enee and that of the officers of the House
by making any remarks: but I desire that I
may be heard on this subject, and that the re-
marks I may make shall go to the country for
what they are worth, along with what has been
said by other gentlemen. I feel it due, sir. to
those whom 1 represent upon this floor to ex-
press the views which I as their Represent-
ative entertain on the subject of the bill whu-h
has been under discussion to-night. I agree
111 much of what the distinguished gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] has said, in
his discussion of this measure, on the import-
ance of education. _ I, sir, have ever been au
advocate or public instruction and of provid-
ing the means for educating the masses of the
people. On all occasions, at all times, and
under all circumstances I have been an advo-
cate ot public education. The first vote which
i ever gave in my life, Mr. Speaker, against
the regular nominee of my party—and I believe
at j ou were a Democi-at, too, in former dajs—■
was tor Hon. Joseph J. Gravely (now of Mis-
souri) to represent my own county in the Legis-
lature ot v irginia on the issue of public free
schools based upon direct taxation.
, knt I cannot support the bill as reported
oy the distinguished gentleman from Massa-
chusetts) because there are t a,ny insuperable
