1871.
THE OOlsTGBESS10N"AL GLOBE.
353
the trustees, and we are administering a trust
estate. We are not engaged in giving away
public money, but in settling accounts and
doing justice to those to whom we are indebted.
We have borrowed money, all at the same time
it so happens, which makes it a little stronger,
of thirty different parties, and we are told,
first, that we are to pay one after one measure
of usury, in the language of the good book,
and another after another measure ; and not
content with that, we are to go into the ques-
tion, how much inconvenience and expense
was incurred by those who furnished the money,
and pay for that.
Why, sir, let us liken this to some of the
transactions of common life. Supposs an in-
dividual who has a right to do as he pleases
with his own, who is not a trustee at all, not
dealing with other people's money, has bor-
rowed money in a given year of thirty different
persons, bankers and others. Was it ever
suggested before that in addition to paying the
interest, whatever that should be, the same or
different, he should be held to pay whatever
expense or loss had been incurred by the par-
ties who loaned him the money before the loan
took place, or in order that it might be made?
If this is to b3 true of the States, what will
the honorable Senator from Indiana say in
reference to municipalities, towns, and cities,
in the State of New York, for example, who
made bonds and obligations and sold them at
a discount, perhaps larger than the discount
of which he speaks? Is the State to go into a
calculation with them, and to allow them the
difference between the face of the bonds, and
the amount for which they sold them ? if not,
why not? And if yes, where is this to stop?
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. MOItTON. I will say to my friend that
that, illustration is hardly pertinent, for this
reason : the sale of bonds by municipalities
and counties, as occurred in New York and
Indiana, and other States, for the purpose of
paving special bounties and military expenses,
was not. a debt for which the State was liable,
was not money advanced for the State. One
county, for the purpose of raising its quota,
would issue its bonds and raise money to pay
extra bounties; and so would a city. It was
an expenditure on its own account. It was
not an expenditure at the request of the gov-
ernment of the State. These expenditures by
the States were substantially at the request of
the Government of tbe United States.
Now, I will put a case to my friend in regard
to discount. Suppose I ask my friend to ad-
vance money for me. He says, "I have not
got it; I must go into the market and borrow
it." I say, "Very well; I must have the
money; it is indispensable to the maintenance
of my credit, to prevent my financial ruin."
He goes into the market and sells his paper
to a bank at a discount of ten per cent. I ask
if I am not in law and equity bound to refund
him that ten per cent. ?
Mr. CONKLING. I will answer the last
question first. I answer it in this way: that if
expressly or by implication there is an agree-
ment to pay more than the interest, it ought to
be paid. Why? Because the party is bound
by his contract. If I have said in words that
I will pay him that, or if the form of the trans-
action is such as to imply that I will pay him
that, I am bound not only in honor but in lav/
to do it. How different from that case is this.
Now, let me turn back to the other sugges-
tion of the Senator, in which he seeks to dis-
tinguish between the municipal obligations sold
and the obligations of the States. I say to him,
in point of fact, there is no such distinction.
There would not be under a different bill; but
look at this bill:
" Thai any State or States which during the recent
war borrowed money"—
Per what?
"to purchase supplies, equip troops, and to pay
expenses incurred in raising, equipping, furnishing,
and transporting troops."
Is not that exactly what the municipalities
did ? Certainly it is.
Mr. MORTON. That is limited by the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir; it is only lim-
ited by the amendment this far: it is to be
only that total of expenditure, whatever it is,
that the Government has recognized; that is
all. But here is the description of what it is
to be, namely, moneys expended in raising
and equipping troops. Were not these moneys
in the towns raised and expended in equipping
troops? 1 have in my mind a town very near
my own home in which twenty-six per cent,
of the entire assessed valuation of the town
was levied, collected, and paid as taxes in a
single year to meet these obligations. Had it
not all the elements of equity? Was it not
patriotic? Was it not in response to the call
of the General Government, supplemented by
the call of the government of the State of New
York? Certainly it was. Ought not that town
to which I refer to stand upon a footing as
favorable as the State of Indiana, or any other
State that submitted to a discount of ten per
cent., if she did, in negotiating her securities?
Why, Mr. President, if this is to be an appeal
growing out of the hardship of the ease, if we
are to contrast the instances of those who came
forward with a bound to lay their offerings
upon the altar of the country, I think I can
show the honorable Senator from Indiana that
communities further east than his may chal-
lenge comparison with any communities in
this broad Republic for the patriotism and the
lavish earnestness with which they responded
to calls.
But to come back. What is the principle?
I borrow from the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton7] $500. I borrow Irom the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Schurz] §500. The Sen-
ator from Indiana pays me the money on the
spot; gives me his cheek. He gets no dis-
count. no interest, no recompense, no reward.
The Senator from Missouri takes other modes
of possessing himself of the money which he
lends me; and thereupon, m place of owing
an equal obligation to both, I owe the Senator
from Indiana the §500 and the legal interest
upon it, and I owe the Senator from Missouri
the $500 and the legal interest upon it, and
perhaps §100, or $200, or ?500 more in refer-
ence to the accidents which there may have
been, or the mode lie may have taken in pro-
curing the money which he loaned me.
Can such a transaction, such a mode as that,
stand as a commercial or as a legislative prop-
osition ? If it can, what is the objection to the
amendment of the honorable Senator from
Minnesota,? WTe are told the fatal defect in
his case is that in Minnesota they called it
"scrip;" the discount, was suffered not upon
a bond, but upon a different piece of paper,
known as scrip, and therefore Minnesota can-
not be paid. Why not? Is there any magic
in a bond, or any especial rights or immunities
attaching to the obligor in a bond any more
than to the person or the State which issues
scrip for the same purpose?
Mr. President, it seems to me that this meas-
ure will not bear examination for one moment.
As the honorable Senator from Connecticut
well said, it is in the first place taxing all the
States to pay this money, and then it is pun-
ishing the State of Connecticut, if she is such
a State, because her credit was better than the
credit of some other State, and because the
credit of some other State was less good than
hers. I submit, sir, that as trustees voting the
money of others, having no right to pay this
except upon the principles of equivalent and
right' commercially speaking, we cannot justify
a provision like this.
1c x k c u t t v e k k !■' sio nt.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. MORTON. I presume, if that motion
should be agreed to, this bill will be the
unfinished business for to-morrow?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Jt will come up
to-morrow as the unfinished business. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Minnesota.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After ten minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and (at
four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 17, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butleb, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, reported,
from the Committee on Appropriations, a bill
(H. R. No. 2789) making appropriations for
die naval service for the year ending June !!0,
1872, and for other purposes ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Uni< n,
and made a special order for next Tuesday,
after the morning hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. I reserve the right to make
all proper points of order on this bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope
the gentleman will not do that. I will stiVe
to him that there is one section of this bill
which, though not strictly in order, I des re
to bring before the House; and I know the
gentleman will not object to it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman state
the purport of that section ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It pro-
poses to require that the Navy Department,
when letting contracts to be executed in for-
eign countries, shall give notice by advertise-
ment instead of letting the contracts privately.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not ask that my point
of order shall apply to that.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That is
the only provision in the bill which would be
liable to a point of order.
Mr. ARCHER. I reserve all points of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Then I
shall move on next, Monday to suspend the
rules, so that, this provision of the bill may be
considered when the bill is taken up.
claims of mississippi squadron.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. It. No. 2790) to provide
for the distribution of certain moneys covered
into the Treasury; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move the reference of
this bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAWES. The title of the bill would
seem t,o indicate that it should go to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, no.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be reported
in full.
The bill, which was read, provides that all
moneys due to the Mississippi squadron as mil-
itary salvage, for the recapture of cotton, a:d
heretofore improperly covered into the Treas-
ury of the United States to tbe credit of the
Navy pension fund, shall be transferred by
the proper officer to the credit of the captor's
fund, and distributed, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Navy, according to law.
Mr. DAWES. The bill should go either to
the Committee on Naval Affairs or the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well; let it go to
the Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER, if there be no objection
it will be so referred.
There was n-i objection; and the bill was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
