1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1991
portion of the returns of which will not he made to
the surveyor general until after the close of the cur-
rent fiscal ye r, when the appropriation of $5,000 for
the office-work of the survey will have lapsed, and
become inapplicable to the purpose for which it was
made.
, In view of the fact that these surveys are in addi-
tion to the regular surveys intrusted to the surveyor
general of Minnesota, the office-work for which re-
quires a regular annual appropriation of $6,301), and
also/ that the deputy surveyors will be obliged to
await the complete preparation of the returns of the
survey before receiving pay under their contracts, I
liave the honor to request that a recommendation
be laid before Congress for an appropriation of
$9,200 
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. RAMSEY. I beg the Senator to allow
me to proceed.
Mr. COLE. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am nearly through. I
should have finished by this time if the Senator
had not interrupted me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California rises to a question of order, -
and the Senator from Minnesota must suspend
his remarks until the question of order is sub-
mitted.
Mr. COLE. My point of order is that this
is a private claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California makes the point of order that this
is a private claim 
Mr. RAMSEY. Now, sir, I ask to be per-
mitted ti> read these communications, t.o inform
the Chair whether it is a private claim or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair having
heard the amendment read at the desk, decides
that it is, in his opinion, a private claim. If
it was not, it would have been paid out of the
appropriation for clerks, and as there was no
appropriation made for them sufficient to cover
this, it must certainly be a private claim.
Mr. RAMSEY. I beg pardon; the Chair
has not heard the whole of this communica-
tion, and he cannot determine that question
, from the reading of one page.
The VICE PRESIDEN T. Unless there is
an appeal from the decision, the Chair will
not be likely to hear the remainder of the com-
munication, because he thinks it is a private
claim.
Mr. RAMSEY. I appeal, with a view of
reading the residue of this letter.
Mr. COLE. I object.
Mr. CONKLINCr. That is not the proper
purpose of an appeal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no further
amendment be offered  
Mr. RAMSEY. What is the decision with
regard to my amendment?
The VICE .PRESIDENT. The Chair has
decided, and there has been no appeal from
the decision, that it is a private claim ; and
there being no amendment pending, if no
further amendment be offered the bill will be
reported to the Seriate.
Mr. SPENCER. I have an amendment to
offer. It is to insert as ail additional section
the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury, and all other
officers of the Government who have authority to
act in such cases, be. and are hereby, directed to
audit and pay the claims for bounty of the enlisted
men who composed the first regiment of Alabama
cavalry. United States volunteers, as is provided tor
enlisted men in other volunteerorgamzations, under
the provisions of an act entitled "An act to regulate
and provide for the enrolling and calling out the
national forces, and for other purposes,' approved
July 4, 1861; and all claims for bounty made by en-
listed men, or their proper heirs, ot the first regi-
ment Alabama cavalry, United btates volunteers,
shall be paid in the same manner, and subject to the
same regulations and restrictions, and in tne same
sums, according to their periods of enlistment, pre-
cisely as if they had enlisted after the passage of the
aet above recited.
Mr. COLE. I raise the same point of order
on that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California raises the point of order, and the
Chair decides that this is a private claim, as
there have been repeated appropriations made
for bounties to all who came within the pro-
visions of the laws in regard to bounties, and
(biB amendment is to grant boupties to persons
who do not come within the provisions of those
Mr. SPENCER. That is a very strange
decision.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Severalamend-
ments have been reserved.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to reserve the amend-
ment on page 46, lines seventy, seventy-one,
and seventy-two. That clause was stricken out
by mistake, as the chairman of the commit-
tee will state when it is reached.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to reserve the
amendment on page 23, in regard to the sur-
veys of the public lands.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to reserve the amend-
ment on page 17, for the erection of a chil-'
dren's hospital in this city, and also give notice
that I shall offer an amendment making an
appropriation for the custom-house at Nash-
ville.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
in regard to the Nashville custom-house can
be offered after the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole have been disposed
of. Are there any other amendments to be
reserved 1
Mr. SCOTT. I gave notice of two amend-
ments that I wished to have reserved, one on
page 42, in regard to League Island, and the
other on page 46, in regard to the Williams-
port court-house.
Mr. POMEROY. It may be included in
the reservation made by the Senator from
Oregon, but if not, I wish to reserve the
amendment in relation to surveying lands in
Kansas, on the twenty-first page of the bill.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask unanimous consent
at this time to call up a pension bill. It will
not take a moment, and it is necessary to pass
it at once in order to have it enrolled.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to reserve the
amendment on page 56, lines two hundred
and twenty-four and two hundred and twenty-
five.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
reserve the amendment on page 31, line seven
hundred and thirty-fire. The appropriation
should be $6,000 instead of $2,000.
Mr. FOWLER. I will withdraw the reser-
vation I made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The other amend-
ments, not reserved, will be regarded as con-
curred in, and the Secretary will now report
the first reserved amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the first reserved
amendment, which was on page 21, line five
hundred and two, to strike out "seven" and
insert "six;" and in line five hundred and
three to strike out "six" and insert "five;"
so that the clause will read :
5?or surveying the public lands in ICansas, at rates
not exceeding ten dollars per lineal mile for stand-
ard lines, six dollars for township, and live dollars
for section lines, $40,000.
Mr. POMERO Y. Senators will see by look-
ing at the clause above this for Nebraska that
seven dollars are allowed for township and six
dollars for section lines. _ We have always
been in the same district with Nebraska, and
the price for surveying has been the same. I
do not know why this reduction should be made
in the surveying for Kansas. I move to non-
concur in the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question^
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole with regard to the
surveying of public lands in Kansas.
The question being put, it was declared that
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to have some
explanation of this amendment before I call
for the yeas and nays upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas demands a division. _
Mr. POMEROY. The price for surveying
as always been the same as the
price in Nebraska. We have been in the same
district with Nebraska. You allow seven dol-
lars for township lines and six dollars for sec-
tion lines in Nebraska, but when you come to
Kansas, you reduce the price for township
lines to six dollars and section lines to five
dollars.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We put it exactly as it
was in the law of last year.
Mr. POMEROY. Then why do you put
the price at seven dollars and six dollars in
Nebraska?
Mr. .EDMUNDS. We have put it as it was
last year.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; they were both
alike.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no propriety
in paying seven dollars in Nebraska for sur-
veying township lines and paying but six dol-
lars in Kansas.
Mr. THAYER. Then wo will reduce the
price in Nebraska, because what we wanted
to get at was not to allow any increase on fall-
ing prices everywhere.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no increase. I
know they were both alike.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then you want to reduce
the price in Nebraska. It is an error of the
clerk of the committee in nothaving itreduced.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In order to allow the
Senator from Vermont to look into this mat-
ter I suggest that we proceed to the next
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
will be passed over temporarily.
The next reserved amendment was on page
23, after line five hundred and thirty eight, to
insert the following proviso :
Provided, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, in his discretion, may hereafter author-
ize public lands in said State, densely covered with
forests or thick undergrowth, to besurveyed at aug-
mented rates, not exceeding eighteen dollars per
mile for standard parallels, fifteen dollars for town-
ship and twelve dollars for section lines.
Mr. COLE. I presume there is no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I only wish to transpose
it so as to make it apply to Oregon an-d Wash-
ington Territory as well as to Caiifornia. Let
it be inserted after line five hundred and fifty-
three, so that it will apply to Oregon and to
Washington Territory aiso. There is the same
necessity for it there as in California.
Mr. COLE. There is no objection to that.
Mr. WILLTAMS. It will be necessary to
insert in lieu of the words " said State " the
words " Oregon, California, and Washington
Territory."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Why not simply
insert after the words "said State," in this
proviso, the words "andin Oregon and Wash-
ington Territory?"
Mr. WILLIAMS. That will do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair makes
the suggestion because all these amendments
have to be copied before they ca i be sent to
the Ilouse of Representatives for action. If
there be no objection, the amendment will
be regarded as amended in that way, and, as
amended, concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, if the Chair will
be kind enough to go back to the clause pro-
viding for surveying the public lands in Kan-
sas, on page 21, lines five hundred and two
and five hundred and three, I wish to say, in
justification of the committee, if the tru:h is
any justification, that I slated it exactl}' as it
was before ; that we made that amendment, as
to Kansas, to put it back to the provision of
the preceding law, which I now hold in my
hand, and which provides for surveys " at rates
not exceeding ten dollars per lineal mile tor
standard lines, six dollars for township, and
five dollars for section lines.'' It true that
in that law the price in Nebraska waa ten dol-
lars per lineal mile for standard lines, seven
dollars for township, and six dollars for sec-
tion lines. That ought to be reduced to the
sani£ rate as is paid in Kansas. Lut we are
