554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
STBAM 8KRVICB ON GULF OF MEXICO.
Mr. WELLS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a report of the select Committee on the
Causes of the Reduction of American Tonnage,
in support of the bill (H. B. No. 1955) author-
izing mail steamship service in the Gulf of
Mexico, between the port of New Orleans,
Louisiana, and certain ports of the republic
of Mexico; which was ordered to be printed,
and recommitted.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a letter of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions ou revolutionary claims, and laws appli-
cable thereto ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
PAVING OP PliNNSYLVANIA AVJSNUK.
Mr. STONE. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That tlie Committee for the District of
Col um bin bo instructed to in quire whether the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railway Company has com-
plied with existing law in rotation to the paving of
Pennsylvania avenue, and rcpoit to this House.
Mr. McKENZIE. I object.
UNITED ST AT1SS COURTS, KItIK, PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. SCOFIELD. _ I ask unanimous consent
to introduce, for action at the present time, a
bill (H. it. No. 2792) to change the times for
holding the district, and circuit courts of the
United States at Erie, Pennsylvania.
The bill was read. It provides that from and
after this date the July terms of the district
and circuit courts of the United States 111 and
for the western district of Pennsylvania, at
Erie, shall be commenced and held on and
after the third Monday of July iu each year,
and the January terms at the same placc shall
be commenced and held at line, Pennsylvania,
on and after the second Monday in January of
each year.
There was no objection ; and the hill was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
v,ote by which the bill was passed; and also
Moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
On the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OADKT SMITH, WKS'C POINT.
Mr. POIULR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent to have a letter from Professor
David Clark, of Hartford, Connecticut, read.
Mr. Clark is the principal of the high school
of that place, in which Cadet James \V. Smith
was a student for throe years. The letter bears
testimony to the ability, truthfulness, and gen-
eral integrity of Cadet Smith. I am sure it
will prove interesting to every member of the
House. Aftor it is read I sha.ll ask unanimous
consentto offer a resolution to have the charges
 f ill-treatment and persecution of Cadet Smith
investigated.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. POUl'ER. That is a game two can
play at.
CALIFORNIA P1UVATK LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolutions :
Resolved That the Committee on Piivatc Land
Claims foe hereby instructed to inquire whether the
?il,r1lrSy, ef.0\r m"4B0j. the tract of land near Juan
ISiutista, Manuel Laria, ooniirineo, and upon which
ii pjiccut has U66L1 Miido out, 13 in uccoid'Liii'G with
the judgment of confirmation. -'^o^ance with
Resolved further, That upon investigation said com-
mittee shall report to the House without deUy by
demand01 wwe' as the ngiit3 of the Parties may
There was no objection ; and the resolutions
were adopted.
DISPOSITION OF AID TO RAILROADS.
Mr. BU'lLER, of Mass-achuM-its. I ask
unanimous consent toiutroduc a joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 401) authorizing the appoint-
ment of commissioners to examine into and
report upon the disposition of the aid granted
by the Government for the construction of
certain railroads, for reference to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
Mr. ItANDALL. Let us hear that resolu-
tion read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
in Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States is hereby authorized and required to
appoint three commissioners to examine into and
report, at the eitrliest day practicable, as to what
disposition has been made of the Government aid,
including the public lands, bonds, or credit granted
to the Union Pacific. Central Pacific, and Kansas
Pacific Kailroad Companies, and each of them, and
each and all railroads whieli have received aid from
the Government; what persons, if any, have derived
benefit therefrom, to wba,t extent and in what man-
ner, and whether the said aid has been properly and
faithfully applied to the objects contemplated by
Congress; and tor that purpose said commissioners
are hereby authorized to appoint a clerk, to send for
persons and papers, to administer oaths, to take
testimony, and to do all things necessary and need-
ful to carry out the object of this resolution. And
the President is requested to transmit to Congress
from time to time such reports as may be mado by
said commissioners on the subject.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to know
whether you make any limit as to the exist-
ence of this commission.
Mr. BUTLEJl, of Massachusetts. This only
goes to a committee.
Mr. RANDALL. I have no objection to it,
butl should like to put a limit to the commis-
sion provided for.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The com-
mittee will have an opportunity to report.
Mr. COX. I should like to have the resolu-
tion again read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Letitgo
to the Committee on Appropriations, which
already has charge of the subject.
Mr. COX. it should go to the Pacific Rail-
road Committee. Do 1 understand that the
Committee on Appropriations has the subject
before it ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. COX. It is so understood here.
There was no objection; and the joint reso-
lution was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
BENJAMIN VANN15IAN.
Mr.WINANS, byunanimous consent,intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 2791) for the relief of
Benjamin Vanuiman, of Greene county, Ohio;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on. the Judiciary.
NAWNK HOSPITAL DUES.
Mr. CONGER. I ask leave to report from
the Committee on Commerce, for considera-
tion at this time, the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 119) to exempt certain boats from the pay-
ment of marine hospital dues, and for other
purposes. ,
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
joint resolution in full, after which the Chair
will ask for objections, if any.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the provisions of an act entitled "An act
to reorganize the marine hospital service, and
to provide for the relief of sick and disabled
seamen," approved June 29, 1870, and also
the provisions of the first section of a certain
other act entitled "An act to regulate the for-
eign and coasting trade on the northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontiers of the Uni-
ted States, and for other purposes," approved
July 1, 1870, shall not apply to, nor be con-
strued to include, canal-boats employed in nav-
igating the canals within the United States,
notwithstanding such caual-boats may be en-
rolled or licensed for the coasting trade; and
no person employed in or connected with the
navigation, management, or use of canal-boats
in the con,ting trade shall by reason thereof
be entitled to any benefit or relief from the
uiuiine hospital fund.
The second section provides that the seventh
section of the last above-mentioned act be, and
the same is hereby, amended so as to extend
to all vessels navigating the waters of said
frontiers otherwise than by the sea, the fees
for the entrance and clearance of which shall
be as follows: for the entry of a vessel direct
from a foreign port, fifty cents; for the clear-
ance of a vessel to a foreign port, fifty cents ;
provided that ferry-boats running on routes,
duly bonded, and used exclusively for carry-
ing sealed cars, under the provision of sections
five and six of the act of July 28, 18GC, and
the regulations of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and ferry-boats carrying passengers and
their personal baggage only, shall not be re-
quired to enter or clear, or to pay entrance or
clearance fees, but such baggage shall, how-
ever, be subject to the provisions of section
forty-six of the act of March 2, 1799, and acts
supplementary thereto ; and provided further,
that enrolled or licensed vessels departing
from or arriving at a port in one collection
district to or from a port in another collection
district, and also touching at intermediate for-
eign ports, shall-not thereby become liable to
the payment of entry and clearance fees or
tonnage tax, as if from or to foreign ports,
but such vessels shall, notwithstanding, be
required to enter and clear.
Mr. CONGER. I also send to the desk to
be read a letter on the subject from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
The Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department,
Washington, i). C„ January 4, 1S7J.
Sir : At the request of Hon. Jou.v C. Churchill,
who introduced a joint resolution (No. 388) to ex-
empt ecitain boats from the payment of marine
hospital lees, and for other purposes, I have exam-
ined the same with a view ot making any sugges-
tions which I may deem advisible relative thereto.
Mr. Churchill has also requested that the result of
such examination may be communicated to you as
chairman of the sub-committee of the Committee on
Commorce, to whom said resolution was referred.
I accordingly transmit herewith a proposed addi-
tion to the first section of the resolution, and a sub-
stitute for the second, which, in my judgment, will
provent the recurrence of questions arising under
existing laws in connection with the resolution 111
its present form.
1 aui, very respectfully,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary of th.e Treasury.
Hon. 0. D. Coxser, Chairman tub-Committee on Com-
merce, United States House of Representatives,
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
joint resolution being considered at this time?
The Chair hears none.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a, third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the thiid
time, and passed.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WORCKSXEll COUNTY NATIONAL BANK.
Mr. HOAR. I ask leave to introduce a bill
for consideration at this time, to authorize the
change of the location of a national bank.
Mr. RANDALL. I give notice that after
this bill is disposed of I will call for the reg-
ular order.
There was no objection; and the bill (H. R,
No. 2793) to authorize the Worcester County
National Bank, of Blackstone, Massachusetts,
to change its location was received and read
a first and second time.
I he question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Wor-
cester County National Bank, now located
in Blackstone, State of Massachusetts, to
change its location to the town of Franklin,
State of Massachusetts. Whenever the stock-
bo ders representing three fourths of the cap-
ital of said ban!:, at a meeting called for that
purpose, determine to make such change, the
president and cashier shall execute a certifi-
