1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
If
or New London or anywhere, butonly that this
is a new wo k. With the country now overrun
with navy-yards, we propose to take a few hun-
dred thousand dollars out of the Treasury this
year, which will compel us to take hundreds of
thousands and millions out hereafter until the
work is completed. If there is any economy left
in the Government, here is the place to show it,
by refusing to begin a new appropriation of
this kind. That is all I wish to say.
Mr. CATTELL. I had hoped it would not
be necessary to have a word of discussion on
this subject to night; but after the remarks
of the Senator from Vermont I must say that
they strike me as very extraordinary indeed.
This is in accordance with the arrangement
made some time ago by the Congress of the
United States, to accept League Island as a
free gift from the city of Philadelphia, for
which in the first place that city paid the sum
of $350,000. Afterward the Government re-
quired that it should have a shore line, for
which the city paid $100,000 more. This
appropriation is not to establish a new navy -
yard, as the Senator from Vermont suggests,
but for the purpose of removing the nayy-yard
now established at Philadelphia to League
Island. There was an implied contract on
the part of the Government to do this thing,
and it has been lying in abeyance quite long
enough. League Island has received the ap-
probation of three successive Congresses, of
the Naval Committees of both Houses of
those Congresses, and now all we ask is for
this moderate sum to prepare League Island
for the purpose of removing the navy-yard
from Philadelphia to it. The navy-yard itself
at Philadelphia will command a price not
less than $2,000,000 on a public sale, which
wilt be sufficient, perhaps, to make the entire
necessary improvements at League Island.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. If it is in order, I
move to amend the clause which is proposed
to be stricken out. I gave notice of this amend-
ment several days ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on striking out this paragraph.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is competent to amend
it before it is stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut proposes to amend the paragraph
before the question is taken on striking it out.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment; which
was to insert on page 42, after line ten hundred
and twelve, the following:
For building wharves, quay-walls, for tools, neees-
gary implements, and for preparations and woik
necessary to fit and prepare for occupancy the navy-
yard at Thames river, Connecticut, feoO.lWU.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will say, Mr, Pres-
ident, that the position of these two yards
is very much alike. They have both been
donated to the Government; the Government
has accepted them; and they are in about the
same position, the one requiring work as well
as the oilier. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. BAYAIID. I have not one word to say
at this time in opposition to the amendment
offered by the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut except that it has nothing whatever to
do with that; it is a totally distinct measure
from the appropriation for the League Island
navy-yard. Whatever its merits may be, u
should stand upon them, and not be attached
to another measure. I recollect very well what
was the effect of this attempted amendment
upon another bill, and I trust it may not be
successful now. It is not that I desire to see
any diminution of success to the effort of the
honorable Senator from Connecticut; but it is
that I think this other measure should stand by
itself. I do not propose at this time to delay
the passage of the measure ; but I do trust the
' honorable Senator from Connecticut will with-
draw his amendment and let the other proposi-
tion stand upon its own merits, and then let
his proposition come up on its own merits.
There is no necessity for mingling the two.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. These yards are so
much alike that it seems to me they ought
to go together. The Secretary of the Navy
approved of the site given on the Thames
river. It is one mile in length upon the river.
It has water thirty-two feet deep. It is the
best harbor on the cpast. A navy-yard can be
constructed there cheaper than in any other
locality. It has received the highest testimo-
nials of men in the Navy, both engineers and
line officers. I do not doubt that with the
$50,000 which we ask to have appropriated
for this navy-yard we can make as great im-
provement as you can on League Island with
$200,000. That is my judgment.
Mr. BAYARD. If the merits of New Lon-
don are what the honorable Senator states
them to be, and I have no right to deny them,
why not let it stand upon its own merits as a
separate measure?
Mr. CONKLING. It makes them stronger
to put the two together.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall not occupy any
time on this proposition offered by the Senator
from Connecticut except to say that I think it
is not fair—I say that in no invidious sense—
that this rider should be put upon League
Island. It is evident that if this amendment
is adopted it will kill both. If the Senator
will wait until the question of League Island
is disposed of, he may then come forward and
have a vote upon his proposition. I trust that
the amendment to the amendment will be
voted down.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This is a case
like that of the man who had two dogs, one
of whom was called Best and the other Bad;
and Best was a great deal the worst dog.
[Laughter.] The idea of establishing a navy-
yard at League Island never has been adopted
by the Government atall. Congress has never
made an appropriation of a single dollar, as I
understand, f#r League Island. It will be en-
tirely useless, and we do not require anything
of the sort at either place. Why should the
Government, at this late hour of the session,
commit itself to an expenditure of from five
to ten million dollars for such a purpose? We
are building no ships, hardly repairing any ;
and for one I would rather see this bill fail
than to have this proposition adopted.
Sir. CAMERON. I will tell the Senator
from Vermont why this should be done. ^ One
reason is, that the Government of the United
States accepted from the city of Philadelphia
a property for which that city paid $400,000.
The city of Philadelphia paid the money; the
Government of the United States took the
property and now occupies it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
a question?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask whether that very
act was not carried upon the express statement
in this Chamber that the United States need do
nothing about it until it was perfectly conven-
ient to them, and the people of Philadelphia
would be the last who would be found urging
us to hurry about changing the works there?
Mr. CAMERON. Not exactly that. I know
the great economy of my friend from Vermont;
but sometimes it goes in the wrong direction.
Only the other day 1 saw him voting for a very
large sum of money to build up a city for the
benefit of a few speculators in the wilderness.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where is that?
Mr. CAMERON. At Duluth.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not I. by a long shot.
Mr. CAMERON. I think yon did.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; quite the re
y6ts6
Mr." CAMERON. Then I beg your pardon ;
I take that back. But the Government ot toe
United States have occupied this property for
their own purposes, and they need it. Besides
that, the moment they shall have properly
improved League Island they will be enabled
to sell the property which they now occupy in
the city of Philadelphia, which will give them
probably as much money as will be necessary
to complete this work. In addition to that,
this appropriation is very different from that
asked for by the Senator from Connecticut.
It has passed the House of Representatives,
been examined by a committee, very fairly
canvassed and investigated, and passed by a
large majority. It has come here and is now
before us,
But, sir, it is too late at night and it is too
near the close of the session to make any
remarks on this subject.
Mr. BLAIR. This is a subject with which
I am not very familiar, but 1 have been in-
formed that it is necessary for the Government
to have at least one navy-yard situated in fresh
water; that the class of ships now mbstly in
use are iron ships, and it will not do to keep
them for any great length of time in salt water.
All our navy-yards, as far as I know, with the
exception of the one at Philadelphia or League
Island, are situated upon salt water. I under-
stand that it is essential for the preservation
of that class of ships, which are now coming
into vogue and superseding altogether wooden
ships, that we should at least have one pavy-
yard situated in fresh water. Therefore I think
there is a great deal of merit in the proposi-
tion for League Island. Although we have a
great many navy-yards, we ought at least to
have one in our fresh-water rivers for the pres-
ervation of that class of ships.
Mr. COLE. I hope we may now have a vote
on this question. The time is almost up.
Mr. SCOTT. I simply wish to call the
attention of the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] to what must have escaped his at-
tention. The act accepting League Island does
expressly state that it is " to be held for naval
purposes by the Government of the United
States," and it is further stipulated "that if
League Island be selected, the navy-yard at
Philadelphia shall be dispensed with and dis-
posed of by the United States as soon as the
public convenience will admit," It has been
absolutely accepted in pursuance of a commis-
sion appointed and an examination mad^;
and then in 1809—to correct the other Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill]— an appropria-
tion of $5,000 was made for surveys prepara-
tory to occupyingit. That is all I wish to say
aboutit.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, I am convicted of
having that escape my attention when I stated
to my friend's colleague, the elder Senator
from Pennsylvania, that, according to my rec-
ollection, we took this gift, it being forced upon
us, upon the express statement in this Cham-
ber that what we were to do should await our
convenience ; and now to convict roe of error
he reads the statute which says exactly the
same thing, thai when it is convenient to the
United States we will proceed to improve and
occupy it, and dispose of the other yard. Now,
the question is, is it convenient for the United
States to do this, without any money in its
Treasury, and without any pressing necessity
for the thing at all, because what the Senator
from Missouri says about fresh water does not
apply ? The water is just as^ fresh now as it
will be if you spend a million in building there,
and our iron-clads lie there just as safely as if
there were a thousand buildings there._ So that
standing upon the statute and standing upon
the terms on which this gift was forced up 59
us, I say it is suicide to anybody who wishes to
come out with a.whole Treasury next year to
go into any of these new works. -That is all i
have to say. , . , c
Mr. BAYARD. I ask, if the amendment of
the honorable Senator from Connecticut is m
order, whether it has been accompanied by the
notice required by the rule? _
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; it was. _ It was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The VICE PRE3IDEN1'. The Senator from
Connecticut must answer the question.
