1382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (3. No. 1223) to protect
citizens against certain violations of their civil
and political rights, granted by the Constitution
of the United States, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the select committee to investigate
alleged outrages in the southern States; which
wus agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1228) to
regulate the appointment of inferior officers
in the civil service, have directed me to report
it back with a substitute in the form of a joint
resolution.
The joint resolution (S. No. 322) respecting
the manner of making appointments to office
in the civil service was read, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1230) to amend an act entitled "An act
makingappropriationsfortlie legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending Juno 80, 1871," approved
July 12, 1870, report it back and recommend
its indefinite postponement, as it is in regard
to the same question which was under con-
sideration yesterday as an amendment to the
appropriation bill.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill \H.
R. No. 2499) to amend an act entitled "An
act making a grant of land to aid in the im-
provement of the navigation of the Mississippi
river," approved July 23,1868, report it favor-
ably, and ask for its immediate considera-
tion.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is a very brief bill,
and I hope it will be considered now.
Mr. CAMERON. I tliink it had better go
over.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator from
Pennsylvania will withdraw his objection.
This bill can be disposed of in two minutes.
Mr. HOWARD. I feel obliged to object
until we get through with the morning busi-
ness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed upon the Calendar.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 133G) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at Louisiana, Missouri, and also a bridge
across the Missouri river at or near Glasgow,
in Howard county, in said State, reported
adversely thereon and moved its indelinite
postponement; which was agreed to, the sub-
ject having been disposed of by the passage
this morning of a House bill.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2998) to estab-
lish certain post roads, reported it with amend-
ments.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1356) to amend an act to revise
and consolidate the statutes relating to patents
and copyrights; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Patents, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1357) for the relief of Robert R. Heath,
of Memphis, Tennessee, from civil and polit-
ical disabilities; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HILL asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 323) for the relief of Wvley Wood-
bridge; which was read twice by its title,
relerred to the Committee on Claims, and
oidered to be printed.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 775) to confirm to
James -M. Hutehings and James 0. Lamon their pre-
emption claims in the Yosemite valley, in the State
of California, be recommitted to the Committee on
Public Lands.
BRITISH POSSESSIONS.
Mr. HOWARD. I present the following
resolution, upon which I wish the action of the
Senate:
Resolved, That in the present disturbed relations
of the Governments of the United States and Great
Britain we regard the recent appointment of the
high commission for discussing subjects of difference
between them as a highly auspicious event, furnish-
ing a well-grounded hope of aspeedy, honorable, and
mutually advantageous settlement of all important
matters of controversy and of a cordial amity and
good feeling between the people of the twcucoun-
trios; that wo deem it. of high iuterest to those ends
that the commission should take into consideration
the fact that the possession by Great Britain of the
northern portion of the continent of North America,
stretching from the northern boundary of the United
States to the Frozen ocean, is, in its very nature, an
obstacle to the permanent harmony of the two Gov-
ernments and a standing incitement to persons anx-
ious to involve them in war; and we therefore earn-
estly recommend that the commission may, in any
settlement suggested by them, embrace the cession
to the United States of so much at least of such
British possessions as lies to the westward of Hud-
son's bay and the main channels connecting it with
the Arctic ocean and the outlet of Lake Superior,
with the right of free navigation through all navi-
gable waters to the Atlantic and Arctift oceans.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this reso-
lution?
Mr. CAMERON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over under the
rule.
FLORIDA INDIAN WARS.
Mr. OSBORN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
llesolved, That the Secretary of tho Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to report to the Senate
the claims of the State of Florida, or citizens there-
of, now on file and unadjusted in his Department,
arising from losses, damages, or unsettled accounts
in the several Indian wa:.-- i Florida, together with
the names of the clai'i .'s the character and
amounts of the respective claims; also copies of any
correspondence between tne Department of the
Interior and the State of Florida relative to the
indebtedness of the State of Florida to the United
States and of the United States to the State of Flor-
ida on account of the Indian wars within the State.
OHIO RIVER BRIDGES.
Mr. SHERMAN, I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 290) to prevent obstruction
to the navigation of the Ohio river.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to the time likely to be occupied
by proceeding to the consideration of this res-
olution now. I am as desirous as the Senator
from Ohio is that the question involved in
this joint resolution should be settled, settled
speedily, and settled properly. This resolu-
tion, however, was introduced and referred
originally to the Committee on Commerce.
The Committee on Commerce proceeded and
heard the parties interested at great length.
Arguments were submitted to them ; diagrams
of the Ohio river at the point where this bridge
is proposed to be erected were submitted to
them; questions of fact were raised before
them as to whether the company were comply-
ing with the act of Congress authorizing the
construction of the bridge on the Ohio be-
tween Cincinnati and Newport; and after hav-
ing spent a large amount of time in hearing
the parties interested in this bridge, and find-
ing that legal questions as well as questions
of fact were involved in its consideration, the
Committee on Commerce asked to be dis-
charged from the consideration of the joint
resolution, and have it referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee for the purpose of getting the
opinion of that committee upon the legal ques-
tions that were involved in it.
The J udiciary Committee examined the legal
questions that were involved in it, and, alter
Having done so, reported through the Senator
from Ohio who sits farthest from me, a mem-
ber of that committee, [Mr. Tiiurmax,] that
the company were authorized to build the
bridge at the height above the channel at
which they proposed to build it, and that the
company were authorized to build it with a
draw. These were the two legal questions, as
I understand, that were agitated in the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
After that report was made by the Judiciary
Committee, the member of the Committee
making it proposed to refer the resolution
back to the Committee on Commerce. Instead
of doing so, without much examination, the
report was laid upon the table, and the joint
resolution went upon the Calendar. Now, that
joint resolution, upon which the Committee
on Commerce spent a large amount of time,
is sought to be brought before the Senate
without the report of any committee upon the
facts that are involved in it.
I am very free to say that I was awaiting the
report of the Committee on Commerce with
considerable interest, and as each successive
paper was laid upon our desks which involved
this case, I laid it away carefully, expecting
to take it up and read it after we should gtt
a report from the Committee on Commerce.
The magnitude of the arguments that have
been laid before the Committee on Commerce
on this question may be inferred from the fact
that of those papers this is a small portion
[exhibiting a bundle of papers] involving legal
arguments, the opinions of engineers, the testi-
mony of river men, the plans of the river,
plans of the bridge, and all that.
1 simply bring this to the attention of the
Senate this morning, to show how idle, how
vain it is to expect that in the morning hour
we can take up this joint resolution, which
has never yet received the report of a com-
mittee, and dispose of it. 1 join with the
Senator from Ohio in agreeing that this whole
subject should be regulated by a general law,
and that this special case should be acted
upon with reference to all the facts iuvolvtd
in it. I am strengthened in this be'uef by
finding upon my table this morning a repoit,
laid on our tables for the first time, from Uie
Yvar Department, which I have not yet had
time to read, which concludes thus:
"The subjoined report gives the condition of the
investigations by the board up to this date ;
the impracticability of their completing the ini.il
report upon the details of the bridges already con-
structed before the close of the present session <.t
Congress, and offers a project of a general law io
regard to bridging the Ohio river hereafter, with
accompanying remarks explanatory of the necessity
for the provisions of the law."
This is a report from the engineer depart-
ment made under a law passed at the last ses-
sion direetingan examination of the condition
of all the bridges then built or being built upon
the Ohio river, and the very purpose of that
portion bf the law which authorized this exam-
ination was to ascertain from the repoit of
these engineers what the cost would be to tho
Government of requiring all the bridges tli^'i
built or being built to conform to such gen-
eral law as would preserve the interests of
navigation. I offered the section myself, and
it was attached to the river and harbor appro-
priation bill, for the very purpose of endeav-
oring to bring about such a state of things that
there should be no encroachment by railroad
companies or by bridge companies upon tho
natural channel of the river further than was
absolutely necessary to enable those com-
panies to build their bridges.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind the Senator from Pennsylvania that by
the eleventh rule of the Senate a motion to
proceed to the consideration of a bill does not
bring up its merits.
Mr. SCOTT. I trust I am not transgressing
the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
fhat the Senator is now speaking directly upon
the merits.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 am not touching the N
