556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
unanimous consent that the edacation bill may
go over until to-morrow, and take precedence
then of other orders. I think there will be no
objection to that proposition.
Mr. COX. How will that affect the other
business of the House? I think Imust object.
Mri GARFIELD, of Ohio. The bill-has
that right now.
Mr. ARNELL. "We only ask that the bill
shall have the same right to-morrow that is has
to-day.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Is not
the very first business after the morning hour
the motion to reconsider the vote on the Sti
Croix land bill ?
Mr. COX. If the education bill has the pre-
cedence now let it be taken up now.
Mr. HOAR.. We merely wish to have the
bill go over till to-morrow with the same right
that.it has to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
position of the question. On the Calendar of
special orders the first bill in order is that of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,]
the chairman of the Committee on the Public
Lands, which was made a special order for
December 22> and which holds its prece-
dence. The gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoar,] who has charge of the bill in
relation to national education, had that bill
made a special order prior to the bill of the
gentleman from Indiana. It was, however,
postponed; and being postponed, it must,
under the rules of the House, take its fate as
behind the spccial orders which antedate it.
The next question in order ia that referred to
by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Wash-
burn,] a motion t.o reconsider the vote where-
by ft land'grant bill was defeated. The next
special order is the amnesty bill, in charge of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] chairman of the Reconstruction Com-
mitt ee.
Mr. COX. Then f do not withdraw tn,y
objection.
Mr. HOAR. I understand that the chair-
man of the Committee on the Public Lands
consents to the arrangement which I propose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If this bill is postponed
wliat will come up? What will be the subject
before the IIouso?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. DaWks,] chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, does not insist
on his motion to go into Committee of the
Whole, or should the House refuse to sustain
the motion, the regular order being demanded
would bring up the bill which the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] has charge of.
That being disposed of, the next question
would bo that referred to by the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [ Mr. Washiiurn.] Next in
orderwould be that which the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] chairman of the
Committee on Reconstruction, has charge of.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Does the gen tleui an from
Massachusetts, chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, propose to insist upon bring-
ing before the House the appropriation bill?
The SPEAKER! These ntleniau from Mas-
sachusetts is now' on the floor with the view of
moving that the House go into Committee of
the Whole on the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. ARCHER.' What will then become of
the rest of the morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. The rest of the morning
hour wtould be lost.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Would the com-
mittee that had the'call this merning be enti-
tled to another morning hour?
The SPEAKER. The committee whose
business has already been closed in the morn-
ing hour is the Committee on Agriculture.
That committee is through with its business,
havingoccupied two morning hours. Thecom-
mittee to be next, called would be the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, but it has not yet been
called.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then, Mr.
Speaker, by not going on this morning with
the business of the morning hour we lose a
whole hour in the call of committees.
A Member. Half an hour.
The SPEAKER. That would be the effect
of it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then, why not
let the morning hour go on ?
Mr. DAWES. I have made my motion
because I understood that the next committee
is not ready to report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Van Horn]
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Armstrong,] members of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, which has a large amount of
business on hand, do not like to have as their
first morning hour merely a fraction of an
hour. But if the gentleman from Massachu-
setts should not insist on his motion to go into
Committee of the Whole, the morning hour
would, of course, unless interrupted, run for
a full hour for the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It may be bad
for that committee that the morning hour
should now proceed ; but it is also bad for
other committees that are waiting to report
that their business should be deferred.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will insist on proceed-
ing with his appropriation bill, and will not
reproach us hereafter for not helping him to
bring it up.
Mr. DAWES. I take note of what the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] says, and
insist 011 my motion.
Mr. ARNELL. I desire to ask a parlia-
mentary question. Was it not the understand-
ing when the bill in relation to education went
over, on the 13th of December, that it should
retain its place upon the Calendar? That was
the understanding at least among the friends
of the bill.
The SPEAKER. That would have pre-
vented any special order that had a previous
date from being considered.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, I do not under-
stand that the objection to my proposition is
pressed by the gentleman who made it. Does
not the Chair understand thatit is withdrawn?
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
renews his request that the bill in relation
to national education may be considered to-
morrow.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. DAWEi-5. .1 insist on my motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
legislative, ktc , appropriation bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Scofield in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of House bill No.
2521, making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1872.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is on the following amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Armstrong:]
Strike out the following: " for nine, circuit judges,
to reside in circuit, 815,000;" and in iicu thereof in-
sert t'hofollowing: "for nine circuit judges, to reside
in circuit, SO,500 each; in all, S5S.000."
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Chairman, I do
notdesire to detain the House long in reference
to this amendment, but shall merelycall atten-
tion to some facts which bear on it closely. I
believe the judges of the United States are the
poorest paid of all classes of persons in the
employment of the Government in any of- its
departments. I have prepared a statement in
reference to the labors of one supreme judge,
which I will briefly submit to the House. The
first district comprises Rhode Island, Massa-
chusetts, New Hampshire, and Maine, with
2,619,470 population, and 53,386 square miles.
The judge has to hold court in six different
places in his district. The second district com-
prises the States of Vermont, Connecticut, and
New York, with a population of 5,232,233, and
an area of 01,962 square miles. The third dis-
trict comprises Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and
Delaware, with a population of 4,529,879, and
00,440 square miles. The fourth district com-
prises the States of Maryland, West Virginia,
Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina,
with a population of 4,241,501, and 157,180
square miles. The fifth district comprises the
States of Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, and Texas, with a population
of 4,739,949, and 530,848 square miles. The
sixth district comprises the States of Ohio,
Michigan, Kentucky, and Tennessee, with a
population of 6,391,936, and 179,695 square
miles. The seventh district comprises the
States of Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin, with
a population of 5,207,932, and 143,143 square
miles. The eighth district comprises Minne-
sota, Iowa, Kansas, and Arkansas, with a
population of 4,205,645, and 337,442 square
miles. The ninth district comprises Califor-
nia, Oregon, and Nevada, with a population
of 093,698, and 406,345 square miles. This
amendment only proposes to inorease their
salaries $1,500. The amount of labor cast
upon these judges by their duties is not com-
pensated by the salaries they now receive, and
which afford scarcely a reasonable support for
their families.
In this connection, Mr. Chairman, (for I
desire to be brief in my remarks on this sub-
ject,) I wish to call the attention of the House
to the salaries now paid in other Departments
of the Government, as well as salaries paid
to State judges. First, let me refer to the sal-
aries now paid to judges in the States. In the
State of Louisiana judges receive S7.000 each
per year, that is, State judges. So also in the
State of Nevada, State judges receive $7,000
each. In the State of Pennsylvania supreme
judges receive $6,000. 1 will state here, and
I appeal to the experience of this House, there
are now upon the bencli judges wjio have left
a practice netting from ten to twenty thousand
dollars a year. 1 submitthat these judges owe
something to their families. It is not right, for
the Government to ask judges to do laborious
duty upon salaries upon which they cannot
support their families without close economy.
Every industrious and frugal man should be
able to lay up something in the course of his
life for the support of his family.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Chairman, I will
detain the House but a moment longer. In
this connection I wish to call attention to the
salaries paid by this Government in other
Departments. We now pay to the United
States Treasurers $6,500. We pay to the
Superintendent of Public Printing, a man of
no extraordinary ability, nor with anything
but reasonable responsibility, $5,000. We pay
the Superintendent of the Coast, Survey $6,000.
We pay collectors of New York, Philadelphia,
Boston, Baltimore, and all around. SO.500 each,
and all these collectors are subordinate ofii-
cers, all ot whom are amenable to the courts
for what they do. The judges of the couits
which have revisory power of their action re-
ceive lets compensation (rein this Government
than the subordinates they control.
Now, turning to the Army, 1 find that we
pay the General of the Army $ J 7,000 a year ;
we pay the Lieutenant General S 12,074 a'ye.i,;
we pay to the major generals $9,174 ; WB
to the brigadier generals' $6,800: we pay to
the Quartermaster General, the Adjutant Gen-
eral, the Commissary General of Subsistence,
the Paymaster General, and the Surgeon Gen-
eral ยง6,890 each.
Turning to the Navy, you will find that the
Admiral gets S13.000. And so all through.
1 he salaries of the higher grades of the ofli-
