1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1995
and the cartage of goods while in the custody
of the Government, submitted areportthereon ;
which was ordered to be printed.
civil appropriation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 3004) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 80, 1872, and
for other purposes.
The next reserved amendment, made as in
Committee of the Whole, was on page 43,
after line ten hundred and twenty-eight, to
strike out the clause "for naval station atNew
London, Connecticut: care and protection of
public propeity, $5,000."
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Is it worth while to
strike that out?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think they are more
entitled to an appropriation than League
Island; let them have it.
Mr. COLE. I think so, too.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next reserved amendment was on page
40, section two, after line sixty-nine to strike
out the clause "to complete the construction
of the custom-house building in Portland,
Maine, $42,833 99."
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is the fourth time
that building has been completed.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir. This clause was
stricken out under the impression that there
was an appropriation in another bill for the
same purpose, which was not the case, as the
chairman now understands. It is estimated
for and recommended by the Department.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next reserved amendment was on page
40, after line seventy-two, to strike out the
clause "for the preparation and furniture of
an additional court-room in the court house
at Williamsport, for the accommodation of-the
United States courts, $3,000."
Mr. SCOTT.' I think, upon the explana-
tion made to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, he is satisfied that that clause
ought not to be stricken out. The law now
requires the circuit and district courts to be
held at Williamsport, and there is no United
States court house or building there in which
they can be held. There is but one court-room
in the county court-house, and the consequence
is that when the circuit and district courts both
wish to sit at the same time, there are no ac-
commodations for them. This is simply an
appropriation to so remodel the court-house,
which the county authorities are willing to per-
mit, that both courts may sit at once. The
estimate is a very low one, and at the urgent
solicitation of the circuit and district judges this
appropriation is asked for to enable us to hold
courts at that point.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They will want two
courts there now with League Island. They
cannot do with less than that.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next reserved amendment was on page
60, after line two hundred and twenty three, to
strike out the clause " for the construction of
a light-house on Anacapa Island, off the coast
of California, §85,000."
Mr. SHERMAN. I have an amendment
that I wish to offer to that amendment. There
is a little amendment lying on the table about
the light-house at Cleveland, Ohio, which was
omitted by the merest accident. It was offered
awhile ago. I ask that the amendment be
read and also the indorsement on the back
of it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
For rebuilding light-house at Cleveland, Ohio,
S50.000.
Mr. SHERMAN. Read the indorsement
on the back of it.
The Chief Clerk read it as follows:
"This should go into the bill; was loft out by-
mistake. II. L. D."
Mr. SHERMAN. Those are the initials
I will offer the amend-
You can offer it as a
of Mr. Dawes, of the House. I have also a
letter from Admiral Jenkins, in which he says:
"The reappropriation for building thelight-house
at Cleveland, Ohio, of $50,003, was loft out by the
printer. The report of the Light-House Board, page
50, explains the case very fully. It is very important
that the reacpropriation of 1869 should be made at
this session."
Now, if my friend from California thinks it
proper to reserve the amendment in regard to
a light-house in California and have it inserted
in this bill, certainly it is proper that this should
be inserted also.
Mr. COLE. I will let the vote be taken
on it. I did not ask to have the other amend-
ment reserved.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Califor-
nia agreed that this clause should go out in
committee, I am very sure.
Mr. COLE. I have just said that I did not
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly the' Senator
from California did not ask it. We were well
satisfied that this was an unnecessary expense.
Mr. COLE. My colleague reserved the
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN.
ment as 
Mr. EDMUNDS.
separate paragraph.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, I will offer it as a
new paragraph. I have no objection to this
other clause being kept in.
Mr. COLE. I deem it proper to say that
the Pacific coast is more badly lighted by far
than the lake coast or the Atlantic coast.
There is a great deal of complaint about that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
this light-house in California, nor to any light-
house where the board say they want it; but
this light-house at Cleveland is the only one
in the bill for Ohio. It is an old light-house
that has been there for forty years. The walls
have tumbled down, and it is now in a state of
wreck. It was partly torn down, and the
appropriation made for it a year or two ago
was carried to the surplus fund. This appro-
priation was asked for by the board, but was
omitted by mistake.
Mr. CORBET!'. Why was not the former
appropriation used ?
Air. SHERMAN. It was being used, and
the balance was carried to the surplus fund.
Mr. COLE. I think I may fairly ask that,
if one of these light-houses goes into the bill,
the other shall also.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
Senator from Ohio, who is the chief guardian
of the Treasury, whether he thinks it wise to
pay $85,000 for a light-house that is not neces-
sary in order to get a small sum for one that is?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. I have noth-
ing to say about that. If the committee think
it is not needed, I will not vote for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I feel bound to say a
word for the committee if my friend from Cali-
fornia will pardon me, and he has said the
same thing in substance. I believe the com-
mittee were entirely unanimous, on examina-
tion—though we had so many cases before us
that I cannot now remember special cases, but
we tried to do our duty to the Senate faith-
fully—that it was not necessary this year to
spend $85,000 at that point, and therefore,
with the concurrence of my friend from Cali-
fornia and all the other gentlemen of the com-
mittee, we made thi3 recommendation notwith-
standing he was from that State; because my
friend from California is altogether too^ honor-
able a man to wish to retain appropriations for
his own State when he sees they are not neces-
sary. Now I submit to the Senator from Ohio
that it is cutting it rather strong to say that
the California appropriation had better go in
in order that his may be secured also.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say that. I
seized upon that little amendment to make
this explanation. I knew the Senate would
allow this amendment to go on.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Vermont is
a little mistaken in saying that we agreed
unanimously that this appropriation forAna-,
capa Island was not needed. We agreed unan-
imously that .we did not know a great deal
about it ; we had not very much information
on the subject. That was the extent of the
agreement on my part, and I believe the com-
mittee agreed with me in that opinion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let us dispose of the
committee's amendment first.
Mr. COLE. If one goes in, I think the
other ought.
Mr. SHERMAN. The omission of the light-
house at Cleveland was simply a clerical
mistake.
Mr. COLE. I suppose the light-house at
Anacapa Island is required by the Light-House
Board. I suppose it is needed in their judg-
ment. I do not pretend to be a judge of' the
necessity for light-houses in all these various
localities. I thought, and still think, it was
invidious to strike out the only one for Cali-
fornia in the whole bill, where there are a
great many, simply because I happen to be on
the committee ; but still I am in that position
that I cannot resist very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is thought desirable
to have a separate vote on these propositions,
I have no objection.
Mr. THURMAN. One single word. As to
the light-house at Cleveland I can speak from
my own personal knowledge. Cleveland is a
city of about one hundred thousand inhabitants.
It is the most important city in respect to com-
merce on Lake Erie, except the city of Buffalo.
The entrance to the harbor is very narrow and
very tortuous. There is no place within all my
knowledge where a light-house is more needed.
As is known to every one who is acquainted
with Lake Erie, the storms on that lake make
it necessary for vessels to run for a harbor of
refuge more than, perhaps, on any other lake,
because it is one of the shallow lakes. The
Government has begun to tear down the old
light-house, so that it is no longer useful; and
I would consider it a piece not simply of injus-
tice, but of absolute inhumanity, for the Gov-
ernment not to restore that light-house at the
very earliest time possible.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, what is
the question now before the Chair?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. To relieve the Senate
from embarrassment I withdraw that for the
present and will renew it in a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring with the Committee of the
Whole in striking out the paragraph.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to know
on what ground that appropriation has been
taken out. I heard the statement of the Sen-
ator from Vermont that the committee so
agreed. I think the condition of that coast is
not well understood. It is a very long coast,
more than seven hundred miles in length; it
runs down ten degrees of latitude. It is also a
rocky coast. The amount of property, the
number of lives lost upon the coast of Cali-
fornia for want of sufficient lights, is almost
appalling. There is probably no part of the
globe to-day held by a maritime civilized Power
that is so iliy provided with lights as the coast
of California.
A Senator asks whether a light-house is
required at this particular point. I am unable
to answer that question of my personal knowl-
edge. There are some of these points that I
do know of, such as Pigeon Point, where light-
houses and works of that nature are extremely
necessary. I presume that my colleague is
correct when he says that this light-house is
recommended from the Light-House Board.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He has notsaid anything
of the kind, if my friend will pardon me. I
did not intend to speak abruptly to my friend.
Mr. CASSERLY. It strikes me that the
Senator might just as well have assumed that
I knew what I was talking about,
