1996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; I will assume
that, and reply to the Senator when he is
through.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very good. I under-
stood my colleague to state just now that this
recommendation either came or must have
come from the Light-House Board. I will ask
my colleague to state what he did say.
Mr. COLE. Did ray colleague ask me a
•question ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask my colleague what
he said as to the Anacapa light-house, as to
whether there was a recommendation of that
from the Light-House Board?
Mr. COLE. I never knew anything about it
until I saw it in the bill in the committee-room.
I presumed it must have been recommended
by the Department, the Light-House Board.
I know of no other authority that could have
recommended it. I know nothing further
about it. I presumed in reference to that, as
I did in reference to all the rest, for I know no
more about the rest, that it must have had the
indorsement of the Light-House Board or some
proper authority. That is all I know about it.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is what I understood
toy colleague to say. Taking that for granted,
as I take it for granted, I know of no other
sources from which these recommendations
could come, and I presume the recommenda-
tion was just as well founded in that case as in
any other. If there be any reason in the knowl-
edge of any gentleman why the appropriation
should not remain, of course I should be very
willing to hear it and to give to it all the con-
sideration that it requires. But I repeat there
is no part of the coast of the United States,
East or West, that so much requires light-house
accommodations as the coast of California,
none which is so badly provided with them.
I trust that the amendment made in committee
will not prevail.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I agree with my friend
from California who has just taken his seat
that that coast needs light, on land as well as
on the sea. Now, he takes it for granted that
somebody must have recommended this. Here
is the record having the whole list of the Cali-
fornia lights, with 110 such light as that in it.
I hold in my hand the official estimates of
the Department, the recommendations of the
Light-House Board, and all of them that have
ever come to us upon which this bill is made
up, and as the committee discovered also—I did
not remember it before—there is no such rec-
ommendation at all. Here we have for Cali-
fornia, "Point FauntlProy, Point Bonita,
Point Carquinez, San Pablo, Pigeon Point,
Point Conception, Point Arena, and Point
Fermin," but no provision for this island.
This has crept into this bill by some accident
somewhere—I use a perfectly polite phrase, I
take it—some accident somewhere, not in this
Chamber, because it came from the House. It
is an accidental error in providing for a light
for which the Department has not estimated,
and which it has net recommended. Now the
question is whether the Senate wish to appro-
priate money under these circumstances.
Mr. COLE. It is barely possible there may
have been a recommendation to the committee
of the House from the Department with as
much authority as any that is found in that
list, because there are other cases parallel to
this.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, it is barely possible
that there has been a recommendation ; and
if the theory is that we are to vote money upon
a bare possibility for an island that we know
nothing about, thinking that there may be
someauthorityforitsomewhere, then of course
our mission is done.
Mr. COLE. It is not only barely possible,
but it is highly probable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not by any means; quite
the reverse.
Mr. CASSERLY. I stated frankly that I
had tio information myself to give on the sub-
ject of the necessity for this light-house. I
stated that I understood my colleague to say
that he presumed this recommendation had
come from the Light-House Board. My col-
league confirms what I said upon that, and I
need not repeat what I have already stated as
to the necessity. We ought in California to
be obliged to the Senator from Vermont for
his remarks as to our need of light there ; and
I am only too happy to know that at all times
the Senator from Vermont will be prepared to
shed, out of the fullness of his effulgence, all
the light we need upon us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, striking out this
paragraph.
The amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next reserved amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of tho
Senator from California, I offer an amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the Secretary put it
in on page 55, line one hundred and ninety-
seven :
For rebuilding light-house at Cleveland, Ohio,
$50,000.
Mr. COLE. Now, we shall see whether the
Senate will make fish of one and flesh of
another.
Mr. SHERMAN. This has been a light for
fifty years. Everybody that has been to Cleve-
land has passed by this light as it stands on a
high promontory, probably the highest point
along the lake. It can be seen many miles. It
was in a state of decay; an appropriation was
made to rebuild it, and while the work was
going on the balance of the money was carried
to the Treasury. I will read a portion of a
letter from Admiral Jenkins.
Mr. HAMLIN. Do not read that; we will
vote it in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to move an amend-
ment to the bill, following the amendment
offered by the Senator from Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reserved
amendments are not completed, but the Sen-
ator from New York asks consent to move
another amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the reserved
amendments finished.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont insists on the reserved amendments
being reported.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is only one left.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the amend-
ment reserved by the Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Stockton.] It will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The Sanate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, struck out section four, on
page 69, in the following words:
Srco. 4. That whenever it shall be shown to the
satisfaction of the Secretary of the Treasury that
parties are entitled to refund of duties under the
twenty-sixth section of' tho act of July 14.1870, and
joint resolution approved January 30,1871. it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to draw
his warrant upou the Treasurer, directing said
Treasurer to refund the same out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. STOCKTON. My attention was called
to this matter by letters from gentlemen in
New York who are large importers, to whom,
under the twenty-sixth section of the act
of July 14, 1870, and the joint resolution
approved January 30, 1871, duties are to be
refunded. Those are provisions of law that
now exist, and I supposed myself, and so
advised, that they are entitled to have the
duties refunded; but the Secretary of the
Treasury thinks they cannot be refunded with-
out an appropriation for the purpose.
While I was examining the matter I found
that this clause had been sent by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to the House committee,
drawn, I think, by him, and there inserted in
this bill. I ought not to say "I think," for I
saw the Secretary to-night and asked him the
question, and he told me that it was so. I
happened to be absent at another committee
meeting at the same time that the Committee
on Appropriations met and considered this
bill. On consultation with other gentlemen
of the committee I find that this section was
stricken out because they did not understand
it. I have consulted with some members of
the committee, the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmukds] among others, and it seems
to me that it is absolutely necessary to pass
this section in order to enable the Govern-
ment to do justice and return this money to
those who are entitled to it. I hope it will be
reinserted in the bill. I think it was stricken
out by the committee inadvertently, and I
know of no member of the committee who
does not agree with me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment, made as in
Committee of the Whole, striking out this
section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think there is no doubt
about the propriety of it, except the usual
legislative question.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The last reserved amendment was on page
G 0, lines seven, eight, and nine of section
five, to strike out the words "and when the
appointments hereby authorized have been
made, the mission to Prussia and the North
German Union shall be discontinued."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in Committee of the Whole in
striking out these words.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FENTON. Now I offer my amend-
ment, to come in after line two hundred and
mnety-one, on page 59 :
Uairhaven: •
For erection of a, pier, light-house, and dwelling
for keeper at Eairhaven, Now York, 40,900.
This is recommended by the Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I offer the following
amendment, to come in on page 43, after line
sixty-six:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and ho is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause to be con-
structed a suitable building, fire-proof, at Hartford,
Connecticut, for the accommodation of the custom-
house, post office, United States circuit and district
courts, pension office, and internal revenue offices;
and for this purpose there is hereby appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, tho sum of $150,000, to be expended
under the direction of theSeeretary of the'freasnry,
who shall cause proper plans and estimates to be
made, so that no expenditure shall be made or
authorised for tho full completion of said building
beyond the amount of 8300,000: Provided, That no
money hereby appropriated shall be used or applied
for the purposes mentioned until a valid title to the
land for the site of such building, which it is under-
stood the city of Hartford proposes to donate iorthis
purpose, shall be vested in the United States, nor
until the State shall also duly release and relinquish
to the United States the right to tax or in any way
assess said site or the property of the United States
that may be thereon during the time that the United
States shall be or remain the owner thereof.
I have no statement or argument to make, but
merely to express an opinion, which is this:
that the Government of the United States ought
to take some pains and be at some expense to
provide a place for holding its courts in the
State of Connecticut, and that the General
Government ought to take some pains and be
at some expense, if necessary, to protect more
perfectly than they now do the vast amount of
money that passes through the mails and enters
into the accounts of the post office in the city
of Hartford. '
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to amend the
amendment 
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope this will stand
on its merits. If it is loaded with any other
amendments I will withdraw it.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 hatfe a much stronger
case, the custom-house at Port Huron, where
there is a custom-house and bonded warehouse,
