1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®;
199 f
where many millions of dollars pass through.
The whole traffic from the Red river settlements
to Chicago, St. Louis, and so on, passes through
Port Huron, where they have nothing but flour-
sheds to store the bonded goods. The erection
of a building is strongly recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury. I move to add an
appropriation of $100,000 to erect a custom-
house at Port Huron.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan moves to amend the amendment
of the Senator from Connecticut by adding
" $100,000 for a custom-house at Port Huron,
Michigan."
Mr. COLE. I hope we shall not go through
with this again. I move to lay the amend-
ment and the amendment to the amendment
on the table.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I wish that question
might be separated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be.
Mr. COLE. We shall never get through
with the bill if we go through these things
again.
" Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Would it not be
proper to separate the question of laying on
the table the amendment from that of laying
on the table the amendment to the amend-
ment ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been de-
cided that a motion to lay on the table covers
the whole proposition that is embraced, and
it cannot be divided, like a question on agree-
ing to various resolutions in a series. The
question is on laying on the table the amend-
ment and the amendment to the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ. I submit the following
amendment, to come in after line eighty-five
on page 47:
To purchase a lot in St. Louis, on which to erect a
public building fortheuseof the custom-house, post
oifice, and other Government offices, $100,000 : Pro-
vided, That said lot shall be purchased by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury within nine months from and
after the approval of this act; and the sum of
5300,000 is hereby appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
construction of said building: And provided further,
That the total cost ot said lot and building shall not
exceed $1,000,000, and any expenditure on any plan
involving greater expense shallbedeemed unlawful.
Mr. President, I do not intend to detain the
Senate on this subject. I merely want to say
that St. Louis is the largest city west of the
Alleghany mountains ; the buildings for public
offices were builtwhen the place had onlj* fifty
thousand inhabitants, and it has nowthree hun-
dred and thirteen thousand. The Secretary
of the Treasury has several times reported
as to the necessity of such a building there.
The architect of the Treasury reports that the
one now used is the very woist of all the pub-
lic buildings that have fallen under his knowl-
edge. i think it is absolutely necessary that a
building should be put up there. Moreover,
this is no new appropriation ; it is merely the
reenactment of an old appropriation.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move to lay.the
amendment on the table.
The motion was agreed to; there being, ©na
division—ayes 28, noes 17. _ .
Mr. CHANDLER. I simply ask one little
thing in the interest of the revenue ; it is a very
small matter; and that is, that the salary ot
consul at Matamoras be raised $1,000 a year.
Last year the Treasury lost about six millio n
dollars by smuggling from the Free Zone in
Mexico. The Secretary of State was com-
pelled to select one of his best consuls and
send him there under the expectation that he
would receive the salary named in the con-
sular bill. He cannot remain there unless the
salary is raised, and the Secretary deems it
most vital to the Treasury that this shall be
done. I ask, therefore, that oil page 2, after
line thiity-three, the following amendment be
inserted. 1 hope my friend from California
will not object:
For increasing the salary of the consul at Mata-
moras, Mexico, to $2,000 per annum for tho fiscal
year ending June 30,1871, and thereafter.
Mr. COLE. I move that the amendment
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. After line seventy-two I
move to insert the following amendment; this
is an old appropriation that has been frequently
recommended:
For prosecuting the work on the custom-house at
Nashville, Tennessee, and to replace appropriations
covered into the Treasury under act of July 12,1870,
$100,000.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to lay the amend-
ment on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior has requested me to present three little
amendments here, which he says are necessary
in order to enable him to discharge his duties.
I now offer the first one:
Sec. —. For this amount, for the erection of agency
buildings at the Seminole ageney, as per sixth article
treaty of March 21,1866. $8,000; and for this amount,
for the erection of ageney buildings at the Creek
agency, as per ninth article treaty of June 11, 1866,
$8,000; making in all, $16,000.
This has heretofore been appropriated, but,
under the operation of the law enacted at the
last session, has been covered into the. Treas-
ury. It is required by treaty stipulations with
these Indians.
Mr. COLE. The proper place was certainly
the Indian bill, and the Senator from Iowa, I
presume, put everything on there that he could
think of at the time. I move to lay it on the
table.
Mr. HARLAN. Let the Senate understand
this. The head of the Department 
Mr. EDMUNDS. The motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think it is right to
make that motion. 1 hope the Senate will not
lay the amendment on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves that the amendment Me on
the table.
Mr. HARLAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
["No!" "No!"] Senators appeal to me not
to do it, when the head of the Department says
he must have this appropriation in order to
discharge his duties, and the larw requires it.
Mr. CHANDLER. So it is in my case ;
the head of the Department declares it abso-
lutely necessary—a much stronger case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ten Senators
rise to second the call for the yeas andnays,
which is a sufficient number. The question 13
on laying on the table the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 22; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard. Chandler, Cole,
Cockling, Edmunds, Flanagan. Fowler, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hainlin, Howe, Johnston, McCreery,
Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Rice, Robertson, Saw-
yer, Scott. Sherman. Spencer, Sprague, Stearns*
Stewart,Thurman, Williams, and Wilson—27.
HAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Corbett. Cragin. Davis, Gilbert, Harlan,
Harris, Howell, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Miller,
Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Ross, Thayer, Trumbull,
and Warner—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Casserly, Cattell, Fenton, Ferry, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hill, Howard, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
ton, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Revels Salisbury,
Sehurz, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Vickers, Willey,
and Y ates—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have been unable, as
the Senate knows, to get the consideration of
the Senate to any of the business which has
come from the Committee on the Judiciary,
unless one or two matters like the Georgia
election that have been disposed of. I have
here in my hand a matter of a very few lines,
and yet it relates to the subject of the civil
service, it is an amendment which I send to
the Chair, and I hope the Senate will adopt it
upon this bill. It, is an amendment which, it
is understood, if presented to the other House,
will be adopted. It goes a very little way ; but
it is a beginning in the right direction, and I
should hope that good would grow out of its
adoption. I hope there will be no objection
to it.
The amendment was read as follows:
Sec. —. That the President of the United States be,
and he is hereby, authorized to prescribe such rules
and regulations for the admission of persons into the
civil service of tho United States as will best pro-
mote the efficiency thereof, and ascertain the fitness
of each candidate in respect to age, health, char-
acter, knowledge, and ability for the branch of ser-
vice into which he seeks to enter; and for this pur-
pose the President is authorized to employ suitable
persons to conduct said inquiries, to prescribe their
duties, and to establish regulations for the conduct
of persons who may receive appointments in the
civil service.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that that amend-
ment lie on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be
laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 25, noes 26.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs upon agreeing to the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois.
The amendment was agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 32, noes 24.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move in line five hun-
dred and thirty-four of the original print—it is
probably somewhere about the twenty-fifth or
twenty-sixth page of the print the Chair lias,
as 1 have not the last print 
Mr. CONKLING. On the twenty-seventh
page, line six hundred and thirty-nine.
Mr. EDMUNDS. To strike out the word
ten and insert five. That is in the paragraph
providing to pay Vinnie Ream for the statue
of Abraham Lincoln, to make it conform to
the contract we made with the young lady—
to make it $5,000 ; just the sum we owe her.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to lay that amend-
ment on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
too, Mr. President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. Can we not have some ex-
planation of this ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not except by
unanimous consent. The Senator from Ver-
mont moves to amend the paragraph in regard
to Vinnie Ream by striking out $10,000 and
inserting $5,000. The Senator from Kansas
moves that the amendment lie on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. I will withdraw the motion
to lay on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered, and it can only be
withdrawn by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. Some Senators desire to
take the vote directly on the amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I object to the withdrawal
of the motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should renew the
motion if it were withdrawn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to ask a
question. Does this $10,000pay Vinnie Ream
the amount we agreed to pay ? [" Order 1"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not a
parliamentary question. The Chair cannot
answer.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I call the Senator to order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is in
print. The Secretary will call the roll. The
motion is to lay on the table the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CONKLING. The amendment of the
Senator from Vermont gives her what we
agreed to pav.
Mr. WILSON. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Yates.] He would
have voted to lay the amendment on the table.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 38, nays 14 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard,Blair, Buckingham, Cas-
serly, Cole, Corbett, Davis, Fenton, llanagan, I'ow-
