1998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
ler, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Harris, Hill,
Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Miller, Nye, Osborn,
Poiaeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Ross,
Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Stearns, Stew-
art. Thayer, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers,
and Warner—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Boreman,Chand-
ler, Conkling, Cragin, Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamlin,
Howe. Howell. Johnston, Scott, and Williams—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Cattell, Ferry, Hamilton of Texas, How-
ard, McCreery, Morrill of Maine. Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Patterson, Pool. Revels. Saulsbury,
Schurz, Stockton, Sumner, Willcy, Wilson, and
Yates—22.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I wishto make
an inquiry as to the order of business. If this
bill should be sent over to the House for action,
is there any reason why we could not take a
recess till morning ?
Mr. HARLAN. There ought to be an
executive session. '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that all the appropriation bills have been
acted upon except this. They are all out of
conference.
Mr. COLE. The House is now waiting for
this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer an amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY". I wish to make a state-
ment. I came from the other House a few
moments ago, and I know that members are
waiting with much impatience for this bill and
will not wait much longer.
Mr. COLE. We shall lose the bill unless
we send it there very soon.
The^VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas offers an amendment, which will
be reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the bill by adding the following as an addi-
tional section :
Sec. —. That all laws or parts of Laws imposing a
duty on foreign coal be, and the samo are hereby,
repealed; and that this section shall tako effect
immediately.
Mr. COLE. I move to lay that on the table.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 18, noes 29.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas.
Mr. BOREMAN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to a
question of order. I ask whether this is not
originating a revenue bill? There is a bill
from the House on this subject. If the Senate
desire to pass it let them do so. I will vote
for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
respond that constitutional questions do not
come within the range of the decisions of a
presiding odicer.
Mr. POMEROY. It may raise a question
with the House, and I withdraw it.
The VfCE PRESIDENT. The Senatebave
decided that they have a right to originate bills
of this kind, as the House have been equally
determined in deciding that they have not, the
conference committee on that subject having
failed to agree. The Senator from Kansas with-
draws the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. The yeas and nays hav-
ing been ordered I cannot withdraw it without
consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to its beingwith-
drawu.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays having been ordered the amendment can-
not be withdrawn except by consent of the
Senate.
Mr. BOREMAN. If the Senator will with-
draw it I am willing to withdraw the c.ill for
the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule says
a motion cannot be withdrawn after the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. It can by unanimous
consent.
Mr, EDMUNDS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not
require unanimous consent, but the leave of
the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I move that leave be given to
withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves that leave be given to with-
draw this amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say one word.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will not do my friend
any^ood. 1 will renew it instantly.
Mr. COLE. The Senator will defeat the bill
in this way.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays are ordered on laying the amendment on
the table, and the Secretary will call the roll.
Mr. THURMAN. I believe I have a right
to say a word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate is not in
order on the motion to lay oil the table. The
yeas and nays have been ordered on that
motion.
The question being taken by 3>eas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 35 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Chandler, Cole,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, J ohnston, Lewis,
McDonald. Osborn, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Viek-
ers. and William?—13.
NAY'S—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Bucking-
ham, Casserly, Conkling, Corbett, Davis, Edmunds,
Penton, Fia-nagan, Fowler, Gilbert, Harlan; Harris,
Hill, Howell, Kellogg, McCreery, MiMer, Nye, Pat-
terson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer,
Schurz, Spencer, Stearns, Thurman, Tipton, Trum-
bull. Warner, and Wilson—35.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Cattell, Cragin, Ferry, Hamilton of Texas,
Howard, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Pool, Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Sauls-
bury. Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thayer, Willey,
and Yates—2-1.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment of the
Senator from Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 think we may endanger
this bill. 1 do not want to do that. I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I offer an amendment of
two sections, and I ant sure nobody will vote
against it.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will not do that. He knows very well
he told me some time ago that the House were
on the point of adjourning and wanted this
bill. That time has passed.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to have theamend-
raent which I sent to the Chair read. If there
is objection to it I shall withdraw it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to give notice
that as soon as this bill is disposed of, the
Senator from Kansas having thought proper
to withdraw the amendment repealing the duty
on coal, I shall move that the Senate take up
the House resolution on that subject, with the
view of concurring in it as a separate measure.
[" Right!" "Right!"]
Mr. WILSON. Let my amendment be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec. —. That the cemeteries now appropriated,
used, or occupied for the burial of the soldiers of
tho Army of the United States who died during the
war for the suppression of the rebellion are declared
to be the property of tho United States for the pur-
poses aforesaid, and that the same shall' be lorever
unalienable.
Sec. —. That said cemeteries shall b" forever free
and exempt from any State or municipal taxation or
assessment,t and shall be contxolled by such rules
and regulations as may be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of War.
Sic. —That the body of any one who served as
an officer or soldier in any of the armies of the Uni-
ted States during the war fort,he suppression of the
rebellion, and was honorably discharged from such
service, who shall heieafter die, may be buried, or
any member of the family of such officer or soldier
may be buried, in any one of the national cemeteries
e.-tablis'ned by acts of Congress, undersuch rules and
regulations as may bo proscribed by the Secretary
of War: Provided, That this act shall not be so con-
strued as to authorize any additional expense there-
for on the part of tho (lovcrnment of the United
States.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the chairman
of the committee that the amendment has been
read, and if it leads to any debate I will not
press it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I do not
desire to interfere, but I wish to say 
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator proposes to
oppose it, I will not take time with it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire to
make an explanation in respect to it.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw it.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to make a confer-
ence report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us pass this bill first.
Mr. McCREERY. I have sat here th*ee or
four days listening to discussions and amend-
ments without offering one myself. I hope
the modesty of the sum and the urgency of
the demand will recommend the amendment
I now offer to the favorable consideration of
this body. Paducah has been made a port of
entry. There is also a Federal court there,
but there is no court-house or custom-house
in the place. I offer the following amend-
ment 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has this amend
ment been referred to the Committee ou Appro-
priations?
Mr. McCREERY. No, sir; but I did not
expect there would be any objection to it.
Mr. COLE. I have to object at this late
hour. I am very sorry.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not come
within the rule.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have an amendment
to offer. [" Oh, no ; let the bill pass !"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is too late.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the
bill (S. No. 1202) confirming the title to cer-
tain lands, with an amendment, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint res-
olution :
A bill (S. No. 039) for the benefit of Bryan
R. Young ;
A bill (S. No. G59) for tho relief of A. A.
DeLong;
A bill (S. No. 545) for the relief of William
Chinn ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 23 t) referring
to the Court of Claims claims against the
United States for the schooner William
Carlton.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the joint resolution (S. Ii, No.
295) relating to rights of actual settlers upon
certain lands in Iowa. •
The message further announced that, the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 2373)
relating to moneys paid into the courts of the
United States, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
settlers in iowa.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the House res-
olution to repeal the duty on coal. As soon
as it is taken up I will give way to a confer-
ence report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Illinois moves to proceed to the consideration
of the House resolution repealing the duty on
coal, which has been read twice on two sep-
arate days. Ihe moliou is to proceed to its
consideration with the design of yielding to a
conference report. "
Mr. BOREMAN. I ask whether it is in
order now to take up this bill or doesit require
unanimous consent?
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. Only a majority
