mo
THE 00JNtG11E6SI0JN"AL GLOBE.
January 17,
Mr. LAWRENCE. Oh, ye&; thete are
hsnny sttch who died poor.
Mr. BENTON. I ask to make a remark,
and I hope it will not be taken oht of the gen-
tleman's time. I did not eotnpr&hend the
remark of the gentleman from Maryland, or
I should not have made the statement I did.
I supposed that the proposition was that they
had turned out that Chief Justice, a!>d I said
it would have been right if they had.
Mr. ARCHER. I replied to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boiler.] I did not
hear the gentleman lrom New Hampshire at
all, and consequently did not refer to him.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I insist the salary shall
not be increased at all, as a matter of justice
to the heavily-taxed people of this conntfy.
When the Republican patty came into power
we pledged ourselves to economy, and if we
do not keep our pledges we will deserve to be
defeated.
Mr. ARCHER. And you will be.
[Here the hammer full.]
Mr. DAWES. Let us have a vote.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Chairman, the question
of raising salaries is one that is always present:
The same exhibition always occurs. When
the office is to be filled everybody Wants it;
but when the salary is to be paid every Officer
1 hirtks it is contemptible. It is the duty of the
Government without, doubt, and in that we all
agree, to pay reasonable and fair compen-
sation. Jt. is not the duty or the policy of the
Government to pay extravagant, salaries. And
if gentlemen suppose that, tliey can elevate the
character of the bench in this country by over-
paying the judges I think they are mistaken.
A reasonable salary is bctlur, with a view to
that, object, than an extravagant one. There
will be. an unreasonable and intemperate
competition, if the salary is enlarged, to
get those places, and the appointments will
depend more on political influences than on
the ability and character of the men who Seek
the oflices.
Now 1 must say to my friend from New
York [Mr. I'ottrii] that I think he has alto-
gether too great a contempt, for the salary of
$•">,000a >ear. He calls it a miserable pittance.
1 can tell the gentleman that, out in the coun-
try where I reside it is regarded as a very
liaiid,Mtine payment to a gentleman for a year's
services when lie gets $5,000. Among the
able and distinguished lawyers of my country,
I can say, contrary to what, has been so often
expressed in this discussion, that very few
indeed of them are ever able to realize $5,000
  year for their set-vices; and the very best
and nicest Of them seek places on the bench.
I remember th  great competition we had last
year among gentlemen seeking to be put, upon
the bench of the circuit court, of the United
States. I lie delegation to this House was
harassed almost out oi its propriety in trying
to decide between them. They knew what
the salary was, and they were Satisfied with it
then.
1 will say further, that this seems to me
pretty hard on the judges of the supreme
court of my Slate, who, 1 venture to say. will
compare favorably with the judges of the
supremo court of any State; and I know they
will compare very favorably with the judges
of the Supremo Court of the United States.
Yet they receive only $2,600 a year for their
services, and they are hard-worked, labor-
ious, painstaking judges at that, and enjoy
the entire confidence of the people of the
Slate. '] here is a disposition, X may sav, to
raise their compensation a little. We some-
times think that, wo could afford, perhaps, to
give them !?.'),000. f believe the Legislature
have such a pi oposition before them now; but,
nobody has ever thought of raising their com-
jiensauon to the magnificent proportions of
$5,000 a j ear.
Now, 1 do submit, Mr. Chairman, that I be-
lieve the people of this country, as a general
rule, think that the salaries we pay the circuit
judges and the district judges are sufficient,
and for my own part I am not willing to raise
them. When I find that the best ability of the
country is not willing to enter these offices
at the prices we have hitherto paid, I shall
be willing, perhaps, to increase thein. As at
present advised, I mean to vote to keep these
salaries where they are, and I hope the House
will do the same.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the consent of the com-
mittee that debate shall now close on the pend-
ing amendment.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Before that consent is
given I desire td say a vary few words.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the gentle-
Man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Armstrong]
Speaks t shall speak also.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I desire to say that
the salaries and compensationsof the marshals
of these very courts are fixed at §0,000.
MKSSAGJ4 FROM TIIK SRNATE.
The committee informally rose; and the
Speakel- having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Syjirsox, one of its
clerks, informed the House that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, bills and
joint resolutions of the House of the following
titles:
A b.ill (II. R. No. L157) for the relief of
Shadriek Saunders, Daniel Moore, Alexan-
der Forbes, and other citizens of Petersburg,
Virginia ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2700) for the relief of
Charles Pomeroy, late receiver of public
moneys at Fort, I)odge, Iowa ;
A joint resolution (II. IL No. 100) provid-
ing for the payment of .fames T. Elliott, late
a private of the eleventh Michigan infantry,
for services as extra-duty clerk ; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 450) authoriz-
ing the settlement of the accounts of William
Y. Patch.
The message further announced that, the
Senate had passed bills of their own of the
following titles, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 0.VJ) for the relief of A. A.
De Long; and
A bill (S. No. Do'J) for the benefit of Bryan
R. Yrouug.
The message further announced that the
Senate agreed to the amendments of the House
of Representatives to a bill and joint resolu-
tion oi' the following titles:
A bill (S. No. 11-10) to amend an act enti-
tled ''An act to authorise the refunding of the
national debt,;" and
A joint resolution (S. 11. No. 220) for the
relief of Richard P. Hammond.
LHO ISI.ATl YK, lira, A I't'KOriilATION' JUU,.
'The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I was saying, sir, that
the law limits the compensation of marshals
to $fi,000 a year. 1 have a statement in my
hand which shows that the marshals are in
the receipt of various amounts, reaching as
high as $86,004. 1 do not know how many
get as much as that, but they make a return,
and the surplus amount over and above the
maximum amount allowed them by law is
paid into the Treasury of the United States.
A very large amount of money has been paid
in this way; 1 cannot say how much, but I do
venture to say that the amount of surplus
thus paid in far exceeds the proposed increase
in the salaries of these judges.
Mr. ELA. The marshal is to receive bonds
from his deputies, and stands responsible for
their performance of their duties, and he re-
ceives twenty five per cent, upon the pay of
those deputies. All that he receives in fees
over and above $0,000 is paid into the Treas-
ury. Now, when he has to take the risk aud
the responsibility for all his deputies, I ask if
$0,000 is too much, especially when in addi-
tion to that he has his own duties to perfonn?
Thete arc marshals in these couits who do not
get $000 a year for their services, while thy
judges are getting $4,000, and nearly all the
duty they have to perform is to receive their
quarterly payments. They perform but about
one day's service in a quarter.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I do not wish to press
this matter unduly upon the House. I do mean
to say that I believe the Republican party, of
which I am a member, will make a mistake if
it fails to adopt this amendment, and, graver
than all that, it will be an act of absolute injus-
tice if the records of this country show that
the subordinate officer of a court receives a
larger compensation than the judge to whom
he is subservient,
Mr. ARCHER. I would remark to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that the subor-
dinate only holds his office for four years, and
the other holds his for life.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. It is true they hold
their offices for life, but if they do they per-
form life-long service.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. Chairman,
I wish simply to enter my protest here, as a
member of this House, against this measure to
raise the salaries of certain judges in this coun-
try. There seems to be a strong disposition
in this House to favor a certain class of indi-
viduals—the lawyers. I fear, however, that
my protest will effect nothing, from the nature
and constitution of this House. I do not wish
to cast any reflection upon the members of this
body, but certainly if I had been a lawyer
myself I should have been very careful in
regard to my vote even upon the question of
raising the salaries of the supreme judges
the other day, from the fact that I might have
been too much interested in regard to that
vote.
I have no doubt, without meaning to reflect
upon any member of this body, that there are
gentlemen upon this floor who are looking or
squinting very seriously that way.' [Laughter. ]
And I have no doubt but what there are quite
a number upon this floor who are looking to
these circuit judgeships, as a great many of
them, with myself, go out very soon from this
present place. [Laughter.] Sir, I do protest
against this idea of raising these salaries for
the people of this country to pay under present
cirfcumstances. Look at the State judges. We
have judges in the State of Maine receiving
oulV salaries of $2,500 per annum. They have
to pay, as I understand, their own traveling
expenses out of that. And, sir, I feel that the
State judges would receive no detriment when
brought in comparison even with the judges or
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
certainly none when compared with the ciicuit
judges of the United States. And yet these
State judges to whom I have referred were
willing to take these offices at 52,500 a year,
when they could make, perhaps, as attorney,-,
and advocates,$10,000 a year.
But, Mr. Chairman, there is another con-
sideration. This country is full of that class
of gentlemen called "lawyers." There is any
number of them wherever you go, and they
are absolutely suffering, to my certain knowl-
edge, in many localities for want of the neces-
saries of life. [Laughter.] And, sir, the"
would make very fair and reasonable judges if
they were put upon the bench. [Laughter.]
I know of some that have never had any ex-
perience as lawyers at all who have stood at
the very head of the judiciary in our State,
and 1 presume that it is so m legard to the ;
United Slates judiciary. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, in view of these facts, m view of
tile multiplicity of lawyers aud the rate at
which they are being turned out by the various
schools of the country, I do protest against the
idea of making an aristocratic body of lawyeis,
