1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1887
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend the
amendment so as to read " four clerks of the
fourth class.''
Mr. POMEROY. 1 have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there ob-
jection to that amendment? The Chair hears
none, and that modification will be made. The
amendment now reads " four additional clerks
class four."
Mr. COLE. If this amendment is adopted,
wo must strike off the final clause in the para-
graph which provides for detailing clerks of
the bureaus to the Secretary's office with an
additional salarv.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina stated that the intention
was lo dispense with the amendment previously
agreed to and substitute this in its place; and
ii will be so legarded if this shall be agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask my colleague to
state in what condition this change leaves the
question of expenditure in regard to this part
of the bill; how much is the expenditure
increased by the amendment as we are now
called upon to vote on it?
Mr. £OLE. It will be increased by the
addition of the salaries of four clerks of the
fourth class, less $800, which amount would
be added by adopting the last clause of this
paragraph.
Mr. CASSERLY. What is the aggregate
increase? I am told it is §7,200.
Mr. COLE. Six thousand four hundred
dollars.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am loth to interfere
in details of this kind, but I have heard no
reason given why all at once, after the resig-
nation of the late Secretary of the Interior,
General Cox, and the removal of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, we are
f.'l.ed upon to increase in one branch of this
ofiaee the expenditures for salaries to the
extent of six or seven thousand dollars per
am.mil. It is variously stated at $6,400 and
67,200. I have heard no reason given forthat.
The office was very well managed under those
gentlemen, to the entire satisfaction of the
country, and lo the dissatisfaction only of the
politicians in the dominant party and of the
appointing power.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state that this is
not tlie only increase. If you look through
the bill you will see increases all along. The
chief clerk receives '• §800 additional for act-
ins as superintendent of the building." That
is nieieiy to increase his salary. There is
si i>;.!l reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary, which is on the table—I reported
the bill and recommended its passage from
that committee—which creates another officer
whom the Secretary of the Interior has never
bad before, with a salary of $5,000. I refer
to the bill for the appointment of an additional
Assistant Attorney General, on the application
of the Secretary of the Interior, for the benefit
of his Department.. I suppose he will be an
officer to attend to these very land cases spoken
of by the Senator from Iowa. These increases
run through this bill. I hope the amendment
will not be agreed to.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas "28, nays 1-1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole,_ Conkhng, Corbett,
Harlan, Harris, Iiiil, Howe, Lewis, McDonald, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, l'omeroy,
Pool, Pratt, Iioss, Sawyer, Spencer, Stewart, War-
ner, :in<l Williams—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, John-
ston, MeCroery, Robertson, Sprague, Stockton,
Tnunbull, Vickers.aml Yates—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Blair, Buckingham,
Cameron, Catteil. Crasin. Edmunds, Fentou, Ferry,
Flanagan, Fowler, Hamlin, Howard, Howell, Xel-
lo?g, Moiritl o! Maine, Patterson, Raiusey, Revels,
Kieo, Saulsbmv, Sehurz. Scott. Sherman, Stearns,
Sumner, Thayer, Thurmsm, Tipton, Willey, and
Wii-on-31.
So the amendment wa« agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER O-i ;• ..'i> -J*. i:i the clatiso
as to the Bureau of Educatim. lino ten hun-
dred and seventy-four, is found "$10,000,"
and the footing is $26,500. I am informed it
was the intention of the committee of the
House to make that the footing, but a mistake
was made in the details. Their intention was
to appropriate $26,500, but upon adding up
the several sums appropriated they amount
to but $23,500. I wish to change the sum
$10,000, in line ten hundred and seventy-four,
so as to give for the objects for which the
$10,000 is appropriated $13,000. That will
make the footing correct.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection this amendment will be regarded as
agreed to. It is agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland.' On page
12, line two hundred and sixty-three, I desire
to propose this amendment, about which there
is no difficulty: after the word "of" insert
"and foreman and twenty-one laborersso
as to read, "for compensation of foreman and
twenty-one laborers employed in the public
grounds, $19,296." That is the manner in
which the item was passed in the last appro-
priation bill, and there is no difficulty about it.
This amendment does not alter the amount.
Mr. COLE. You mean to add " foreman
and twenty-one." The word "laborers" is
already there.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Ye3, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from California that in
the paragraph with regard to the Secretary
of the Interior the amount will have to be
increased, in consequence of the amendment
allowing four additional clerks. Hewill please
give the figures to the Secretary.
Mr. FO WLER. I wish to move an amend-
ment on page 45, line ten hundred and ninety-
two, to strike out the words "female trans-
lator" and insert " clerks of class two." The
head of the foreign mail bureau and also the
Postmaster General think these persons ought
to have the salary of second-class clerks. They
now translate four different languages, and
have constant work which keeps them during
the day, and also the night. That amount of
labor cannot be discharged as they discharge
it by any individual even in the Senate. So
much work as is done by these persons cannot
be procured for the amount of money they
receive anywhere. This change is recom-
mended by" both the head of the bureau and
the head of the Department.
Mr. COLE. I must make the point of
order on this amendment. I think the change
ought not to be done anyway, or I would not
make the point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is this amend-
ment moved in pursuance of an estimate from
the Postmaster General? If so, it comes within
the rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear that
estimate read.
Mr. COLE. There is no such estimate.
Mr. FOWLER. I understood that the head
of this Department made a request that this
should be done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not come
within the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless the Sen-
ator from Tennessee can present the estimate
for it this amendment is not in order under
the rule. If an estimate for it had been made
by the head of the Department, it would then
be in order, to be decided by the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the bill as a new
section :
And be il further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed, without
delay, to pay to ths lawful owners tho net proceeds
of all cotton at present covered into tho Treasury
from tho sales of cotton seized after theSOch ot June,
1865, such seizures being made in violation of tho in-
junctions of the Treasury Department -and alter the
surrender of the armies of the rebellion ami proyla-
roatiozi of amnesty by tUo President oi the united
States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order.
Mr. BAYARD. It will be observed that
my amendment, which is in the language of a
resolution now on the Calendar 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The thirtieth
rule declares that "no amendment shall be
received whose object is to provide for a pri-
vate claim, unless it be to carry out the pro-
visions of an existing law or a treaty stipula-
tion."
Mr. BAYARD. Does the Chair construe
this to be a private claim ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is. The Chair thinks that the gentlemen
interested in this would call it a private claim.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is an appropriation,
and has not been referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. BAYARD. It is not an appropriation
of money. It is but an effort to allow men
whose property has passed into the Federal
Treasury without law, not even under color of
law, to take it out upon making proof of those
The VICE PRESIDENT. It may be a joint
resolution with merits in it for the considera-
tion of the Senate ; but it is not proper as an
amendment to an appropriation bill under the
rulings in regard to the thirtieth rule.
Mr. BAYARD. I withdraw it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the bill
by inserting after line seven hundred and twenty
seven, on page 30, the following:
Provided, That the charge to depositors fop tho
coinage of gold, in addition to the eharge now made
for refining or parting, shall hereafter be at the rate
of one fifth of one per cent.
I will state that the Senate have passed a
bill at this session abolishing the entire charge
for coinage, but it is connected with a bill reor-
ganizing the Mint of the United States, and the
probabilities are that that bill will not pass.
This amendment, instead of abolishing the
coinage charge, reduces it to one fifth of one
per cent, which I understood to be an amount
to which everybody pretty much agreed. There
seemed to be no question anywhere that the
charge should be reduced to this extent, but
there was objection made to its entire abolition.
For the purpose of carrying out the wishes of
all concerned, as I understood them, and reach-
ing as near as practicable to what I conceive
to be ajust result, I propose this amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know but that
the proposition of the Senator from Oregon is
perfectly right in itself; but the argument upon
which he asks us to put it upon this bill would
apply to all the other bills that the Senate has
passed at this session. We have approved of
all the bilk we passed, or are supposed to have
done so, and as to this particular class of legis-
tion, it would require us to apply the same
rule to all the other mints on this bill. I do
not think that is a good way to legislate, and
I do not think my friend ought to insist upon
the amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What other mints do you
refer to?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Inhere are other assay
offices in the United States besides the assay
office at Boise City.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish the Senator to un-
derstand that this amendment applies to all
the mints in the United States. It simply
reduces the charge for coinage at the mints
of the United States from one half to one fifth
of one per cent. It is not intended to apply
to any particular locality or any particular
office, but is intended to change the law in
that resoect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I do not think, in
the connection in which it stands here and the
way appropriation bills are passed and con-
strued, that the language of the amendment
would effectuate that purpose ; but of course
language could be employed that would, and
possibly on examination this would do it. But
the same objection remains to it still, that we
ought not to put upon an appropriation bill,
except in an extreme emergency, any genera!
