1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199t
vote is required, as there is no business before
theSenate. [Putting the question.] Itisbefore
the Senate. It is taken up ; and the Senator
from Illinois yields to the Senator from Iowa
to make a conference report.
Mr. HARLAN rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state lhat there are on his table twenty four
bills from the House of Representatives, three
of which are Senate bills with amendments,
that he will lay before the Senate whenever it
shall bo their desire to receive them.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the House amendments
to the joint resolution (S. 11. No. 295} relating to rights
of actual settlers upon certain lands in Iowa, having
met, after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend to their several Houses as follows: that
the Senate recede trom then- disagreement to the
auie'icUnents of the House and agree to the same with
the following amendments: in line eleven of said
joint resolution, alter the word "him," insert the
following words: "in a suit, by any party other than
the United States," and in line fourteen, before the
word " enacted," insert the following words, "includ-
ing those;" and the House agree to tne same.
JAMES HARLAN.
GEORGE W. M'lLLIAMS,
E. CASSERLY,
Managers on the pa 11 of the Senate.
CHARLES POMEROY,
W. S. IIOLMAIT,
GEORGE W. JULIA'S,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
duti' on coal.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President  
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask to have the joint
resolution reported.
Mr. WARNER. I ask the Senator to allow
House bills with amendments to be acted on.
Mr. FOWLER. I rose to ask the Senator
from Illinois to allow me to call up a House
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, I insist on the regu-
lar order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think this measure is
too important to be laid aside.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not wish itlaid aside;
T only ask that it be passed over for a moment.
This measure will lead to a long debate; mine
will take none at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont insists on the regular order, and the
joint resolution (II. R. No. 521) repealing
duty on coal is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not my intention
to detain the Senate in reference to this mat-
ter. The Senate has manifested its disposi-
tion, I think, in the votes that have been taken,
to pass this joint resolution, and I trust the
friends of the measure will occupy no time in
discussing it. Let us have a vote on it, and
pass it if we can. Every one understands
what the dutv on coal is, $1 2o a ton.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator inform me
what was theamount of importation last year?
Mr. TRUMBULL. A little over a million
tons.
Mr. FOWLER. I move to amend the reso-
lution by inserting the words "and salt."
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President, lam op-
posed to the original resolution, and also to the
amendment. The subject of the tariff is one
of very great interest, one that has engaged the
attention of the Congress of the United States
ftom its earliest organization to the present
time. It is a subject which affects more or
less all the interests of this country. The pri-
mary object of a tariff levying duties on im-
ports should be, and I suppose in this country
is, the raising of revenue. If we needed no
revenue for the support of the Government, I
apprehend there would be no duties laid upon
imports. Not only in the ordinary condition
of things in this country is a tariff required to
raise the money that is necessary for the sup-
port of the Government in ordinary times, but
the terrible war of years through which we have
passed has made it necessary to raise large
sums of money from the people, and in rais-
ing this revenue the question is how to do it so
as not to oppress any of the industrial interests
of our people.
Mr. RICE. I rise to ask the Senator from
West Virginia if he will yield long enough to
allow me to have a little bill passed?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object. I am instructed
by gentlemen in charge of this measure to
object to everything until it is disposed of.
Mr. BOREMAN. I am willing to yield
to the Senator from Arkansas if there is no
objection.
Mr. RICE. I will wait until the mover of
this measure comes in. I see that he is now
out.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask the Senator from
West Virginia to yield to me, that I may call up
a bill from the House of Representatives for
the purpose of having a vote on it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on the regular
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Coxk-
lixg in the chair.) The Senator from Ver-
mont insists on the regular order, which is the
House bill repealing the duty on" coal.
Mr. ABBOTT. 1 ask the Senator from West
Virginia to yield to me for a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Doesthe Sen-
ator from West Virginia yield to the Senator
from North Carolina?
Mr. BOREMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move to take up House
bill No. 2514, to amend the act to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy in the United
States. It is a measure which affects my State,
and is of considerable importance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to pass over tbe pending
order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on the regular
order.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move to lay the present
bill on the table, and to take up House bill
No. 251-1.
Mr. POMEROY. That motion is suscep-
tible of division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is to lay on the table the pending joint resolu-
tion.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ' The Sena-
tor from West Virginia is entitled to the floor on
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 521) repeal-
ing duty on coal.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President, I was
saying that the subject of taxation affects the
interests of the whole country. Now, at this
late hour of the session, when no person was
anticipating a proposition of this sort, a reso-
lution is introduced into the other branch of
the national Legislature, passfed through in
great haste, brought here within three days of
the expiration of the session, affecting simply
a single one of the great interests of this coun-
try. And now, in the expiring moments of
this session, within six or eight hours of the
final adjournment of this Congress, it is pro-
posed upon this single interest to attack one
class of investment of capital in this country,
while all the other are allowed to remain and
to go scot-free.
1 submit to the Senate whether under all
the circumstances, with our present surround-
ings, it is fair, whether it is just, whether it is
equitable, to single out one particular interest,
one particular business in which the capital of
this country is invested, and at one fell swoop
to strikeitdown, and leave all the other inter-
ests of this country to flourish and to prosper
with the protection not merely resulting from
the raising of revenue that is necessary for
the support of the Government, but with the
protection which is extended to them under
the present tariff of duties. Those who do
this, I think will find in days to come that
this thing will be visited upon them in a manner
which will not be comfortable, and will not bo
to the interest of the capital which their con-
stituents have invested in other sections of the
country and in other pursuits.
At this hour of the session I do not propose
to take up the tariff laws of the country and
go over, item by item, interest by interest, all
the diversities of trade, manufactures, and
mining which are benefited by the existing
duties upon imports. But, sir, if you will look
at the tariffs which we have had for years, and
the scale of duties, which has been increased
during and since the war, you will find that
there are scores and scores of interests in this
country, investments of capital, for the bene-
fit of which very high duties are laid and a por-
tion of which might be removed, and yet the
amount of revenue which is necessary for the
support of the Government raised.
There has been a controversy going on in
this country, as I have s?tid, on the subject of
the tariff, between two different ideas; the one
side maintaining the doctrine of free trade, the
other maintaining the doctrine of extreme pro-
tection. I may say that there are three ideas,
for there has been another class who maintain
the idea of a tariff for revenue. It has so
turned out in the legislation of this country
that in consequence of the necessities of the
Government we have not been exempt from
duties on imports, and in levying those duties
reference has been had to particular interests,
particularly to the manufacturing interests of
this country. The great doctrine that we
have all heard from childhood up to the pres-
ent time, and which controversy commenced
before many of us were living, was that in
the raising of this revenue a discrimination
should be had in favor of the interests to which
I have alluded, and that thereby we should
build within our own borders large establish-
ments, in which should be manufactured those
things which are necessary in this great coun-
try, and thereby not only supply ourselves with
things which were necessary for our comfort
and our convenience, but also build up and
establish at home markets for the agricultural
products of the country; and thus, while not
doing it directly, yet indirectly extending to the
great agricultural interests a market, a protec-
tion, a stimulus, a fostering care. This has been
the doctrine that has been maintained; and not
only was it applied for the benefit of the man-
ufacturing interests and the agricultural inter-
ests in the manner to which I have referred,
but it has also been extended to the great
mining interests of this country. The effect of
the duties up&n imports, of the tariff as it is
arranged, is so ramified as to include all the
interests of the country, and has affected them
all, more or less.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator give way to
me for a moment ? *
Mr. BOREMAN. Yes, sir.
CIVIL APl'EOriUATlOS VJLL.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent of the Senate to recall from the
House of Representatives the sundry civil
appropriation bill for the purpose of moving
a single amendment; and in that case, 1 think,
tlie other House will concur in all the amend-
menfs, and thus avoid the necessity of a con-
ference between the two Houses.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thub-
MAN in the chair.) The Senator from Califor-
nia moves to reconsider the vote on the passage
of the bill (H. R. No. 30G1) making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expensesof the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1872, and
for other purposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Cannot the correction
be made in a committee of conference ?
Mr. POMEROY. No; the House will ac-
cept our amendments without a conference.
Mr. COLE. They will do so if we recede
from one amendment we have made, which is
unimportant.
