1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2001
_ The PRESIDING OPPICBR. The ques-
tion is ou the motion of the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, I wish to say a
word or two to my friend from Indiana. He,
I find, is under the impression that we cannot
pass this joint resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives. I believe it is said sometimes in
the Army that troops get demoralized, but my
friend from Indiana is the last person who I
should have supposed would become demoral-
ized by that sort of tactics in this body. It is
now not three o'clock. The Senate is com-
pelled to be in session for nine hours yet, until
twelve o'clock to-morrow. The enemies of an
important measure always resort to these tac-
tics. They tell you, "Oh, this will be talked;
you cannot get any vote ; you are wasting time,
and we can pass some little bills." Now, the
Senator from Indiana is quite as well aware as
I am that these little private bills bear no com-
parison in importance to the great object of
repealing the duty on coal. We have that
matter now before us by a House joint resolu-
tion, aud the friends of the measure, I appre-
hend, will abstain from discussing it, and let
those who are opposed to it occupy the time
for the next six hours in talking against it
if they choose; but I assure my friend from
Indiana that we shall pass the eoal resolution
if we hold on to it, and. we shall have plenty
of time afterward to pass his bills too. I do
hope he will not persist in these motions to
take up private bills of any character until we
dispose of this measure, and let it be under-
stood in the Senate that this is to be disposed
of. Like other objects which men undertake,
the determination and the resolution to put it
through carries force with it. I hope my friend
from Indiana who is in favor of the measure
will not interpose these objections ; but if he
will make the motion and persist in it, then I
call upon the friends of the repeal of this duty
upon coal to vote down this motion and all
similar ones.
Mr. PRATT. The Senate, if they have
taken any pains whatever to notice what has
been laid on their desks during the many days
of this session, must have remarked a very
large number of reports proceeding from the
Committee on Claims. How many of the
cases reported from that committee have been
considered during the present session? One
day was assigned by the Senate to that com-
mittee ; but in point of fact only two short
hours were occupied in the consideration of
bills reported from that committee. That is
all the time that committee has had for the
disposition of the matters reported by it to the
Senate. There are upon the Calendar some
twenty-odd cases reported by myself; the
printed reports are here in my desk. Hitherto
i have been unable to obtain a hearing for
more than two or three of them. This is the
very last day of the session. We are told by
the Senator from Illinois that nine hours yet
remain. All I ask for myself is a brief period
of ten or fifteen minutes for the purpose of
considering only two of the twenty measures
that I feel a deep and vital interest in.
Why may we not at this point of the night
carve out, for the benefit of the Committee on
Claims, a few minutes ? I will not myself press
any measure besides this bill, of which I have
read the title, and the bill for the relief of the
heirs of Jethro Wood.
I call the Senate to witness that I have been
unobtrusive during the whole of this session.
I have been content to work in committee, as
I venture to say no other Senator has worked
more faithfully. But, sir, nearly all that work
is to fall with the closing hours of this session.
Now, I do feel a deep and abiding interest in
these two bills. My friend, Captain Wright,
tells me that he has not got money enough to
go home on. He lay in rebel prisons for some
eighteen months. While he was prisoner he
received a commission as captain 
, 41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 126.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order. It is very disagreeable to me to inter-
fere with the Senator from Indiana, but he is
entirely out of order.
Mr. PRATT. I beg pardon of my friend
from Illinois ; I forgot that rule ; I will not
commit a breach of it again. I wished briefly
to lay before the Senate the reasons, the earn-
est reasons, why a short time should be vouch-
safed to the Committee on Claims for the pur-
pose of considering some of these bills. I do
hope that the Senate will at least give me an
opportunity for the purpose of taking up and
considering and disposing of these two bills.
I do not think they will occupy fifteen minutes.
This one has only to be read and explained by
the member of the committee who reported it
to pass without a word of opposition. I there-
fore close by renewing my motion that the
pending and preceding orders be postponed for
the purpose of taking up House bill No. 2657,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana moves that all pending orders
be postponed, in order to take up the bill he
has named.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 16, noes 27.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move to take up House
bill No. 2514.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The coal bill is before
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cannot
be done without a motion to postpone the
pending order.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move to postpone the
pending and all prior orders, in order to take
up House bill No. 2514.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from North Carolina moves to postpone the
pending order, in order to take up the bill he
has named.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. From the Committee on
Private Land Claims I report back the bill 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to any report
whatever or any interference with the present
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. BAYARD. It is a mere matter 
Mr. TRUMBULL. No matter what it is,
I have taken that position with other Senators.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that the present
and all prior orders be postponed until I make
this report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware moves that the pending order
be postponed, to enable him to make a report
on a bill.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 19, noes 22.
Mr. SCOTT, (at three minutes past three
o'clock a. m.) I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
There is some executive business that ought
to be disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 19, noes 27.
Mr. FOWLER. I call for the reading of
the bill as it stands now.
The joint resolution was read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, to insert after " coal" the words " and
s3>lt ''
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, the measure
before the Senate provides for the abolition of
the duty on coal. The purpose of the friends
of this measure is to secure for consumers one
of the prime articles of life at the cheapest
possible rates. It is admitted, as it has long
been known by all political economists, that
the consumer pays the tax, whether levied on
coal, flour, cloth, or any of the useful articles
of consumption. Every dollar or dime levied
on any articles constitutes a portion of the
price paid by the consumer. Every article
taxed is paid for by the labor of some other
interest. Thus, in all cases of protective tax-
ation some interest is laid under contribution
and forced to pay bounties to another. This
can in no case be either wise policy or just
treatment of the citizen.
In view of the magnitude yf the interests of
the people I represent in another of tlie neces-
saries of life, I move to amend the present bill
by adding " and salt" after the word "coal"
in the present bill. The present tariff a,dds
from one hundred to one hundred and ten per
cent, to the price to the consumer, and that
without adding anything to the Treasury of
consequence. The enhanced price of the
article goes into the pockets of those engaged
in its manufacture. If some bounty were de-
manded for the production of salt it would be
a matter of some moment to produce a supply,
or at any rate a partial supply. But it is not
demanded. We can furnish laborers with all
the necessaries of life easier and cheaper than
any other nation on the globe. That is, the
cheapness and fertility of our soil enable
us to feed, clothe, and furnish habitations
cheaper than any other nation. We have more
salt, in all its varied forms, than any other
nation. We have it as abundant as the sand-
stone or limestone rocks in certain sections
of our country. We have vast beds of rock-
salt, as pure as any in the earth. Then we
have some of the richest salt-springs known
to natural history. If we cannot produce salt
as low as other people, then we should not
restrain our. people from purchasing in other
markets. If salt cannot be produced as cheap
here as elsewhere then we will fail to produce
any articles at rates that will enable us to com-
pete with other nations.
I will not enter into any elaborate argument
upon the importance of cheap fuel or salt for
the people. The interest of the laboring classes
in these articles is at once apparent. It is a
pressing and practical reality, brought home to
every man every hour of his life. Nor will I
discuss the justice of free salt to my section,
nor the injustice of taxed salt for the benefit
of a few manufacturers. The people in my
section know they are paying large bounties to
men without any shadow of compensation in
any respect. They know this tax impoverishes
them and enriches a few producers. It is time
the policy of working one class or section for
the interest of another should stop. It is for
these considerations that I move the amend-
ment to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Tennessee.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is an amendment to
that amendment in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An amend-
ment to the amendment is in order, for it would
only be in the second degree.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move, then, to add to
the amendment, "and all manufactures of
cotton."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Michigan moves to amend the amend-
ment by adding after the word " salt" the
words " and all manufactures of cotton."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope this joint reso-
lution will not be permitted to be loaded down
with other things.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not wish the amend-
ment which is now offered to be made, and I
therefore withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDIN G OFFICER. The Senator
from Tennessee withdraws his aanendment.
There is no amendment before the Senate.
The joint resolution is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BO REMAN. Mr. President, as a mat-
ter of courtesy awhile ago, I yielded to gentle-
