1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1889
merely his expense; and^ when we consider
the amount of responsibility that these men
have to bear, the importance of their offices—
for they arc really the governors of the Depart-
ments after all—(hey should receive salaries
something like adequate to the responsibilities
and importance of their duties. Three thou-
sand or thirty five hundred dollars a year is
not a compensation, under the circumstances,
for men of the abilities required to fill these
places. If the Secretary of the Interior should
get $8,000 a year, why should not his Assistant
Secretary get $£.500? And so with regard to
the Postmaster General and the Assistant Post-
masters General; so with regard to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office. I have
long been satisfied that these salaries are too
low. There is no economy, no sound policy in
requiring men to live upon starvation salaries.
A man ought to bo paid a reasonable com-
pensation for his labor, the character of it,
and the responsibility attached to it.
Mr. FOWLER I offered a proposition a
little while ago to increase the salaries of two
persons who are now getting $000 a year, and
who have as much and more ability than any
of the officers engaged in these several Depart-
ments now spoken of. If we increase the
salaries of these officers, why should we not
increase the salaries of all those under them,
all the heads oi bureaus, and ail the chief
clerks in these several Departments? I do not
know where there would be an end of this.
Whenever there is tf proposition made to in-
crease the salaries of those who really need it,
who are spending their lives in the Govern-
ment service, and whose soulsare being worked
out of them, and who do all the work and get
none of the pay, there is no opportunity to do
that; but when a proposition is made to in-
crease the salaries of those who do not do the
work, however responsible they may be, there
is always a readiness to agree to it. There
will be a proposition offered, I understand, to
increase the salaries of the different Secretaries,
and then of course the Assistant Secretaries
will all have to be increased to correspond with
that. I think we might just as well stop right
here with regard to this matter of increasing
salaries at the present time.
The VICE PUES1DENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment, to insert
"the Commissioner of Agriculture."
Mr. SAWYER. If the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Illinois is to be adopted
there is another officer who ought to be added
to the list, and that is the Commissioner of
Education. I move that amendment.
'1 he VICE PRESIDENT. An amendment
to the amendment being now pending, a fur-
ther amendment cannot be received at this
time except by unanimous consent, or by the
Senator from Illinois modifying his amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. YATES. I accept that amendment.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois, as modified, to add "the Com-
missioners of Agriculture and Education" to
the amendment.
Mr. BdREMAN. I wish some Senator
would tell us what the present salary of these
officers is. It seem they are all to be increased
to one particular sum. I do not recollect
myself what the present salary is. I under-
stand that this is an increase of $1,500 each.
Mr. COLE. If I understood the inquiry of
the Senator from West. Virginia, the response
would be that they vary very much, from three
to five thousand dollars. The officers named
in the proposed amendment of the Senator
from Illinois are paid, I believe, at the rate of
$3,000 a year. The proposition is to raise
them to §4,500 a year. The compensation of
quite a number of the other otiieers—I think
the larger number—is $3,500 at present, and
the effect of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Oregon would be to raise them
HjOOO a year all around. As near as I can
remember, there is bat one of them whose
salary exceeds $4,500, and that is the First
Comptroller, who we all know is deserving of
all he gets. He is worth not merely $5,000,
but $5,000,000 a year to the Government. He
is an officer who has very great responsibility.
He has in fact the settlement of all accounts.
They pass under his eye. We need a man
there whose services are worth $5,000 a year.
Mr. BOREMAN. I wish to ask another
question. What would be the aggregate an-
nual increase in the appropriations by this
amendment?
Mr. COLE. I have not had time to esti-
mate the total amount of increase. It would
be several thousand dollars. Perhaps the
Senator from Oregon or the Committee on
Finance, from whom this proposition comes,
may have estimated the amount. I think the
amount of increase will be at least as many
thousands as there are officers affected by it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The amount, I think,
will be inconsiderable. It adds to the most
of these officers §1,000 per annum, and to
some a little more. Some of them now receive
S3,000 per annum, and $1,500 will be added
to those: and where they receive $3,500
$1,000 will be added. I do not know exactly
the number of officers mentioned in the amend-
ment, but I suppose it embraces ten or twelve
altogether.
As to the First Comptroller, I have no ob-
jection to allowing his salary to stand as it is.
The object is not particularly to reduce his
salary. I think that when he receives $5,000,
he receives a low salary for the services that
he renders to the country; and I think that is
equally true of the Second Comptroller. The
Senator from California is quite mistaken, I
think, in supposing that all the aceounts of
the Government pass through the hands of the
First Comptroller. The Second Comptroller
has almost, if not quite, as much responsibil-
ity in passing upon accounts as the First Comp-
troller; and there is a distinction made, which
is invidious, between those officers at this
time, one receiving $3,500 per annum and the
other So,000, when their duties and responsibil-
ities are very mucH alike.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. YATES. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, I will withdraw the
modification which I proposed to my amend-
ment, leaving it to stand, "and to the Com-
missioner of Agriculture," he being the head
of a Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois withdraws his modification of his
amendment, and the question now recurs upon
adding the Commissioner of Agriculture to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Oregon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to ray friend
from Oregon, whether instead of "and also the
Comptrollers," he had not better say, "the
Second Comptroller." The First Comptroller
now gets $5,000.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no objection to
that. I am in favor of paying them all $5,000.
Mr. SHERMAN". I would not reduce the
salary of the First Comptroller while we are
increasing all the others.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no objection to
that modification.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon modifies his amendment by omitting
the First Comptroller; and the question again
recurs on the amendment of the Senator trom
Illinois to the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask if the Commissioner
of Customs is included in the amendment?
The ViCE PRESIDENT. He is not in-
cluded. The question is on the amendment
to the amendment.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were thirty-three.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is believed
to be a sufficient number. Is a further count
demanded?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on a farther count ,
and I wish to say a word on this subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
count the other side,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; then I shall
ask for the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A further count
is insisted upon. Those opposed to the amend-
ment to the amendment will rise.
Eight Senators rose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope we shall not enter
upon the general increase of salaries, which
this proposition amounts to, at this time. I
am surprised that Senators should be willing,
in view of the condition of the country and in
view of its trade and business, to enter upon
any such scheme. Certainly no Senator is
ignorant of the fact that the number of failures
of business men during the last year has been
unprecedented in the history of this country,
and that its industry and its commerce are in a
greatly depressed condition. Therefore those
who serve the people in office voluntarily, on
their own application and against competitors,
ought to be willing, as we are willing in this
Chamber, to serve the Government for a smaller
sum of money than it may be is really adequate
compensation for the performance of the duties.
Now, sir, it' you are to enter upon an
increase of salaries to the class of persons
who are embraced in this amendment, with
what justice can you refuse it to all the great
body of humbler people who are performing
executive functions at this time? You may
go down to the lowest clerk, who may be a
man as respectable, as much recognized in
society, and as deservedly so, as these men,
and you will find him living with his wife and
children upon $1,200 a year, aud having to be
careful and economical at every pointin order
to bring the weary year around without bring-
ing him in debt.
I think, then, that the effect of this amend-
ment is, if the Senate is honest and honorable,
as of course it is, to compel us, as a matter of
justice aud eqaality, to raise every salary in
the civil service of the United States. Now,
sir, can the tar-payers bear that just now?
Can the men who Contribute to the public
Treasury bear that just now? It is certain
that they cannot. No person carrying on a
private establishment would think of such a
thing under such circumstances. Therefore,
without taking np the time of the Senate, I
hope Senators will reflect that this is com-
mitting themselves to doing that which we
cannot do now.
Mr. SAWYER. One word in reference to
what has been said by the Senator from Ver-
mont. I suppose it will be admitted that the
merely clerical labors which are performed
under this Government are as well paid as an)*
clerical labor in the country. I suppose it is
also a generally admitted fact that the labors
of men who are competent to fill the positions
referred to in this amendment are more poorly
paid than similar labor under any civilized
Government; that the men who are competent
to fill the positions of Assistant Secretaries,
Assistant Postmasters General, the heads of
Departments, are paid more poorly than any
class of men having equal capacity in private
station. I think that will be generally admit-
ted, and that the men who are in those posi-
tions if they were in private station wonld ha
able to command a larger salary than ihey do
command under the Government. I know
very well that there are plen'y of men who
can be got for these places. I "know very well
that men seek these places. There are abun-
dance of men who seek them ; but with these
low salaries do you get the men whom you
"desire to have in these places ? Is not much
