2002
THE
CONGRESSIONAL
GLOBE.
March 3,
men who wished to ask the Senate to pass some
little bills of minor importance. The Chair
seemed to misunderstand what I said, and I
■wish now to explain my position. I did not
mean to say that the Chair had applied the
rale improperly, but merely that heretofore, as
a matter of courtesy, this yielding at the re-
quest of another Senator had been practiced,
and when the matter to which a Senator yielded
was disposed of in any way, he was allowed to
procaed with his remarks as if he had not taken
his seat. The Chair undoubtedly ruled cor-
rectly, according to the strict rales of the Sen-
ate ; but I referred to the practice as I had seen
it here.
In what I am doing in regard to this mat-
ter, I am acting in good faith. I do not pro-
pose to act in any other way in the Senate
of the United States on any occasion. I had
not expected a discussion of the subject now
under consideration to take place at this time,
and therefore had not arranged what I feel it
my duty to say, as I would have done if I had
anticipated the consideration of the subject at
this time. But, sir, it is upon us; this meas-
ure is insisted upon, I will say, without offense
to gentlemen, with a good deal of pertinacity;
more so than has been manifested upon any
subject since the commencement of this ses-
sion, I believe. And the strict rules of the
Senate are brought to bear here in order that
I may not extend the ordinary courtesy to
members of this body, and in order that this
great and vital question, so far as my constit-
uents are concerned, shall be forced to a de-
cision before the expiring hour of the ses-
sion. Under these circumstances, it is my
duty, however desultory my remarks may be,
however irregnlar they may be, however much
they may need form and shape, to present
those interests as best I may, and I intend to
do so; and I think that Senators here who
are most active, most determined, most per-
sistent in bringing about a vote upon this sub-
ject, and, if possible, a decision adverse to the
interests which I represent, may be heard 
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask the
Senator from West Virginia to give way to a
motion to amend this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from West Virginia give way?
Mr. BOREMAN. I understand from the
decision of the Chair that I am not allowed to
yield without losing the floor.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I do not persist in
my request.
Mr. BOKEMAN. If I could do so, I would
yield with pleasure.
Mr. President, I have been so much inter-
rupted that I do not know precisely the point
about which I was talking when interrupted
by my friend from Indiana or somebody else
awhile ago ; but the idea which I was under-
taking to present to the Senate was that a tariff
of duties on imports was instituted because we
were bound to have money to support the Gov-
ernment, and that in imposing those duties the
wise men who have preceded us in the history
of our Government had endeavored to impose
them so as to foster and protect tho great in-
terests of this country.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
from West Virginia give way for a motion to
take a recess until ten o'clock?
Mr. BO REMAN1. I cannot give way, as I
understand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state again that it has been the custom of
the Senate—the courtesy of the Senate—to
allow a Senator to give way for a motion like
that without losing the floor. If the strict
rule be enforced, however, it must be as has
been stated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should object to the
motion as out of order, at any rate while this
matter is pending.
Mr. WILSON. I think in this case we had
better do as we do in all others, and not make
any difference in this debate from any other
debate; and if a Senator chooses to give way,
let him do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
cannot control Senators. If Senators insist on
the strict rule the Chair is obliged to enforce
it, however the Chair may feel on the subject.
Mr. WARNER. Will the Senator allow
me to move an amendment?
Mr. BOREMAN. I cannot yield under the
decision of the Chair without losing the floor,
Mr. VICKERS. I rise to a question of
order. I want to know if the Senator from
West Virginia shall now yield, and shall after-
ward move to add " salt" to this resolution,
whether he will not have aright to resume his
remarks?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will be a question
to be decided when it arises.
Mr. VICKERS. I inquired of the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to make an inquiry.
Do I understand that there is any rule of the
Senate which forbids a Senator who is occu-
pying the floor to give way for a motion to
adjourn or for a motion to take a recess 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I do not
understand that there is any rule of the Senate
that precludes a Senator from giving way for
a motion to adjourn, he retaining the floor. I
do not know how the question has been ruled
on a motion to take a recess. I should be very
glad to be informed how that is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A motion to take a
recess is not in order when other business is
pending. The Senator from Kentucky could
not make his motion if the Senator from West
Virginia yielded the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed, and it must be so, that a motion
to take a recess without postponing the pend-
ing order would not be in order. Therefore,
the Senator from West Virginia cannot give
way for that motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Without losing the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from West Virginia will resume.
Mr. WARNER. Will the Senator from West
Virginia now yield to me to offer an amend-
ment ?
Mr. BOREMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WARNER. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the amendment of the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Chandler.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Michigan fell
with the withdrawal of the amendment offered
bytheSenatorfromTennessee, [Mr. Fowler,]
which was withdrawn by that Senator.
Mr. WARNER. Then I move this as an
amendment to the resolution, and the Senator
from West Virginia yields the floor to me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
Mr. WARNER. While I am in favor of
this resolution 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment must be first reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to add at the end of the resolution the
following:
And that all political disabilities imposed by law
or by the Constitution of the United States upon
citizens ot theUnited States on account of rebellion
are hereby removed.
Mr. WARNER. While I am in favor of
this resolution, it is evident that it is to be
debated at great length and the night con-
sumed to 110 purpose. I therefore propose to
do what 1 should not otherwise have done,
submit some remarks to the Senate, as it is
the last opportunity, as Senators know, that I
shall have; and as this amendment which I*
submit brings up many of the political ques-
tions before us, I will pass rapidly in review
some of those questions.
[Mr. Warner then proceeded to address the
Senate on the subject of political disabilities,
the payment of the claims of southern loyal-
ists, and the condition of affairs in the South.
His remarks will appear in the Appendix.]
lands in iowa.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, under
the twenty-fourth rule, desires to submit an
amendment of the House of Representatives
to a Senate bill, containing only four words.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 1202) confirming the title to cer-
tain lands, which was to insert after the word
"adversely," in the twenty-first line of the
bill, the words "any existing legal rights or."
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
concur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clinton Lloitd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (H. R. No. 2780) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June
30, 1872, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1556) for the
relief of Albert H. Daniels, surviving partner
of Daniels & Co., in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolutions ; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 3076) granting a pension
to Lucia Marden ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3036) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2816) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30,1872, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2237) granting a pension
to Bridget Angus;
A bill (H. R. No. 2789) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1872, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 545) for the relief of William
Chinn;
A bill (S. No. 995) for the relief of pur-
chasers of lands sold for direct taxes in the
insurrectionary States;
A bill (S. No. 939) for the benefit of Bryan
R. Young ;
A bill (S. No. 659) for the relief of A. A.
De Long;
A bill (S. No. 829) in relation to fraudulent
trade-marks upon foreign watches;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 234) referring
to the Court of Claims claims against the
United States for the loss of the schooner
William Carlton ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 295) relating
to rights of actual settlers upon certain lands
in Iowa.
land grants in alabama.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to tho bill (S. No. 140) to renew
certain grants of land to the State of Alabama,
which was to add at the end of the first section
of the bill the following proviso :
Provided, That the lands granted by the act hereby
revived, except mineral lands, shall be sold to actual
settlers only in quantities not greater than one
quarter section to any one purchaser, and for a price
not exceeding £2 50 per acre.
Mr. WARNER. I move that the Senate
concur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
bridges over tiie great uigolet.
Mr. SPENCER submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
