566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
in full for his services as charge d'affaires ad interim
at Canton, in China, at various periods between the
dates of May 26, A. D. 1852, and the 4th day of May,
1855."
Mr. MAYNARD. That case covers the
principle involved in the present one, and is in
conformity with various other precedents. In
one of those cases, reported for action by the
Committee of Claims many years ago Asbury
Dickins, a clerk in one of the Departments,
claimed pay for performing the duties of his
chief. His claim coming before Congress was
referred to the Court of Claims, who allowed
it, and the Committee of Claims reported a
bill for its payment. Many other precedents
might be adduced from the legislation of the
House. This allowance of extra pay to Mr.
Douglas.for the time when he was acting
Commissioner is simply in conformity with
the action of the House in many previous in-
stances. I desire, however, to suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
whether he has framed his amendment in such
a way that Mr. Douglas shall not draw two sal-
aries for the same period of service—a salary
as deputy and also a salary as principal.
Mr. DAWES. The amendment has been
drawn with care, and is not open to any such
construction as the gentleman apprehends.
The amendment of Mr. Dawes was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Commissioners to codify the laws of tho Unitod
States:
Tor compensation of three commissioners to codify
tho Jaws of tho United States, §15,000.
For incidental and contingent expenses, for clerk
hire, stationery, and misoellancous items, $3,000.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to amend by
inserting after "$15,000" the following:
Provided, That no part thereof shall bo paid over
to said commissioners, or anyof them, until the codi-
fication is completed by thorn and approved by Con-
gress.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to state my reasons
^ for offering this amendment. I suppose that
these commissioners, upon the payment of
this appropriation, will have received all the
money they ought to receive for the duty which
Congress has assigned them to perform. It
appears by the statute now before me that the
act authorizing their appointment was passed
in 18UG. I have not had time to ascertain how
much these commissioners have already been
paid ; but I remember that at the last session
of Congress an appropriation was made for the
same amount as is now proposed to be appro-
priated—$15,000, The pay of each of these
commissioners is $5,000 per annum, besides
an allowance for expenses, clerk hire, &c.
We have had several codifications of the
statutes of the United States; and it seems to
me the work imposed upon these commissioners
is not so laborious and extensive but that they
ought to finish it in at most two years. I now
hold in my hand one volume, which embraces
all the general laws of the United States passed
from the foundation of the Government to 1S57.
It will thus be seen that these commissioners
can take advantage of the work of various
other persons, on whose previous labors this
codification may be in great part based.
I am informed that these commissioners
have progressed but very little in their work.
1 presume, as a matter of course, that they
are good men and fully qualified for the duties
assigned them. But I undertake to say that for
the execution of this codification about two
years' time is, with diligence, amply sufficient.
If Congress continues to pay these officers
$5,000 a year for an indefinite period, it will,
I apprehend, be a long time before their work
will be brought to a close. I have therefore
proposed this amendment so as to provide that
this $15,000 shall be a final payment, and shall
not be paid over to the commissioners until
their work is completed by them and approved
by Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I do not wish to discuss this
question. I call for a vote.
The amendment of Mr. GriSwoid was not
agreed to; there being—ayes thirty-five, noes
not counted.
Mr. ELA. Mr. Chairman, inasmuch as there
was a misunderstanding on the part of the
chairman of the committee in reference to the
amendment I offered, I hope the committee
will grant unanimous consent to go back and
allow me to offer the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. What amendment does
the gentleman propose?
Mr. ELA. 1 move, in line eight hundred and
fifty-three, under the heading of the "United
States Patent Office," to insert the following:
That there shall bo allowed to Samuel A. Duncan,
deputy Commissioner of Patents, pay forthe time he
performed duty there as Commissioner in Novem-
ber and December, 1870.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no
objection ; and the amendment will be
received.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman from New
Hampshire does not fix precisely the time for
which this officer is to be paid.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman from
New Hampshire mean that this officer shall
receive the two salaries at the same time ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to going back.
The CHAIRMAN. The objection comes
too late.
Mr. DAWES. I hope we will now rise and
report the bill.
Mr. ELA. I move a verbal amendment, so
as to provide that the pay of Commissioner of
Patents shall be paid to Mr. Duncan during
the time in which he acted as Commissioner.
As modified the amendment will read as fol-
lows :
And that the pay of Samuel A. Duncan bo increased
to that of tho Commissioner of Patents while per-
forming tho duties of that ofliee when the.ro was no
Commissioner in tho months of October, November,
and December, 1870.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a pointoforder.
If it is too late to object to the amendment
coming in, it is not too late to make a point of
order on the amendment itself. I make the
point that this is a deficiency, and in no manner
an increase of salary. If we can go back one
year, to bring up arrears, we can go back to
the beginning of tho Government. It is not an
increase of pay ; but I admit that it is similar
to that one winch has already been adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair makes the
same decision in this case as he did in the
other: that this provides for an increase of
salary, and that it is, therefore, in order.
Mr. N1BLACK. Is debate in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. NIBLAClv. Then I wish to make a
suggestion. If we are going to pay subordin-
ates for doing duty in the absence of their
chiefs, then, so far as this Administration is
concerned, we ought to pass a general law.
There lias never been a time, to my knowl-
edge, when tho heads of l)epartments, the
heads of bureaus, when the Secretaries, and
even the President himself, have been absent
so often and so long from the discharge of
their duties as during the last two years.
Therefore, instead of passing individual bills
to pay subordinates for doing duty in the
absence of their chiefs, we ought to pass a
general bill.
Mr. COX. 1 ask my friend from Indi-
ana to offer an amendment paying General
Dent during the absence of the President.
[Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. At the last session of Con-
gress a proposition was made to pay Mr. Gang-
ewer, the chief clerk of the Third Auditor's
office, the difference between his pay and the
pay of the Third Auditor during the absence
of the Third Auditor, and at that time we
deliberately refused to pay him because, as
was then said, there were other similar cases,
and if the principle were right, we should pass
a general bill covering them all. It was then
declared to be a bad precedent to give com-
pensation in any such case; and up to this
time we have declined to pay subordinate offi-
cers for acting in the absence of their chief's.
I repeat, if we are now going to take different
action, let the committee bring in a general
bill which will not only cover the absence of
heads of bureaus, but the Secretaries and the
absence of the President himself, who, as we
all know, is so often absent at Long Branch
and other places of recreation.
Mr. DAWES. If money be voted to those
who acted in place of absent officers then the
difference should be deducted from the sala-
ries of the absentees.
Mr. COX. I wish to oppose the amend-
ment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Irisetoa point oforder
that this amendment is out of order, because
unanimous consent was not given to its being
offered.
The CHAIRMAN. Unanimous consent
was given to the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire to offer the amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is not the same
amendment to which consent was given ; for
since then the gentleman has altered and-
amended it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the- point of order, as, under the rules, the
gentleman has a right to modify his amend-
ment. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] has the floor.
Mr. COX. I was about to say to the House
a very few words in opposition to what fell
from my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Nibi.ack.J
He seems—I do not know whether he talks
ironically or not—to be in favor of a general
bill for the purpose of providing payment for
those various subordinates who have performed
the duties of the chiefs in their absence. I do
not know whether he means that, as a slur or
not on our Executive, and on the heads of the
various Departments. I am opposed to any
such general bill. I do not believe in paying
any of the subordinates of the White House
for running that White House in the absence
of the President in his philandering expe-
ditions.through the country. That is not right.
It is not standing on the ancient ways of the
Government. The old Presidents, in the old
times we read of, never deserted their posts.
They remained here under the -heats qf the
summer sun and during the colds of winter.
At all times they were here, doing their duty
faithfully.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to inform him that the second President of the
United States was absent for seven months at
one time during his presidential term?
Mr. COX. I am aware of that.. It was on
account of sickness in his family. But he
never went philandering through the country,
like another Executive, at Long Branch, at
horse-races, at balls, smoking all the cigars
that could be got contraband through the
custom-house.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire also to give the
gentleman another case—General Jackson, the
greatest of them all 
Mr. COX. I am sorry the gentleman from
Tennessee does not follow his example more
than he does.
Mr. MAYNARD. Ilis example was to go
home in his private carriage, when such a trip
occupied not days but weeks.
Mr. SARGENT. And allow me to call the
attention of the gentleman from New York to
Captain Tvler, the meanest of them all.
Mr. COX. If Captain Tyler was the meanest
of them all I hope the gentleman does not con-
sider his example settles anything.
Mr. SARGEN F. The gentleman was argu-
ing that the present.Exeeutive was following
a course different from that of former Pres-
idents. We have brought out three or four
examples.
Mr. COX. No doubt some of them went
home to see their families in a quiet way, but
they never made an exhibition of themselves
at all the horse-races, all the balls, all the
hotels, all the watering-places over the country,
