2004
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
tracts for homestead purposes for the colored
race;
A "bill (S. No. 650) to promote the growth of
timber on the public lands of the United States 5
A bill (S. No. 662) making a grant of lands
to (he State of Alabama to aid in the construc-
tion of the Chattahoochee and Mobile railroad
in said State;
A bill (S. No. G95) to extend the provisions
of law in relation' to the selection of swamp
lands in the State of Missouri;
A bill (S. No. 709) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Central Pacific railroad, in the
State of Nevada, to the Colorado river;
A bill (S. No. 712) granting lands and the
right of way to aid in the construction of the
New Orleans and Northeastern railroad ;
A bill (S. No. 738) granting lands to the
Kansas City and Memphis Railroad Company ;
A bill (S. No. 761) for the relief of the in-
habitants of cities and towns upon lands pur-
chased of the Great and Little Osage Indians
by the treaty of 29th September, 1805;
A bill (S. No. 774) to authorize the Bur-
lington and Missouri River Railroad Company
or its assigns to change the established line of
said road in the State of Nebraska;
A bill (S. No. 750) for continuing the St.
Paul and Sioux City railroad across the Terri-
tory of Dakota to Yankton, and for continuing
the land grant in aid of the same ;
A bill (S. No. 756) to appropriate the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands of the
United States for educational purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 766) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line in Colorado and New Mexico ;
A bill (S. No. 709) to secure a uniform and
permanent system of levees for the reclamation
and protection of the alluvial lands of the Mis-
sissippi valley from overflow ;
A bill (8. No._775) to confirm to James M.
Butchings and James C. Lamon their preemp-
tion claims in the Yosemite valley in the State
of California;
A bill (S. No. 792) for continuing the Hast-
ings and Dakota railway across the Territory
of Dakota, and for continuing the land grants
in aid of the same ;
A bill (S. No. 797) for the relief of Andrew
MeClory, of California;
A bill (S. No. 802) appropriating lands to aid
in the preservation and improvement of the
navigation of the upper Mississippi river;
A bill (S. No. 804) in aid of the New Or-
leans, Baton Rouge, and Vicksburg railroad ;
A bill (S. No. 820) granting Pine Island, in
Charlotte harbor, Florida, to the South Florida
Horticultural Company;
A bill (S. No. 837) to amend an act supple-
mental to the act approved 1st July, 1864, for
the disposal of coal lands and of town property
in the public domain, approved March 3,1865;
A bill (S. No. 852) for the sale of certain
lands in the States of California and Oregon
and Washington Territory;
A bill (S. No. 856) granting lands to the
Memphis and New Orleans Levee Railroad
Company;
A bill (S. No. 863) to allow the school trus-
tees in the State of Arkansas to enter land for
school purposes under the homestead law ;
A bill (S. No. 879) for the relief of the inhab-
itants of the city of Black Hawk and Central
City, in the Territory of Colorado ;
A bill (S. No. 587) granting lands to aid in
the construction of the Burlington and South-
western railway ;
A bill (S. So. 902) granting lands to the
State of California, to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the town
of Vallejo to Humboldt bay, in the State of
California;
A bill (S. No. 917) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and a branch
road in the Territory of Dakota, and a certain
railroad in the State of Minnesota;
A bill (S. No. 92-1) making a grant of lands
to the North Louisiana and Texas Railroad
Companyto aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Vicksburg, Mississippi, to theTexas
State line;
A bill (S. No. 930) amendatory of the pre-
emption laws;
A bill (S. No. 932) for the disposal of coal
lands and other mineral lands in the public
domain;
A bill (S. No. 946) to promote the cultiva-
tion of the public lands ;
A bill (S. No. 955) granting lands to the
Ralston City and Gila Railroad Company, of
Mgxico *
A bill (S. &o. 972) to extend to the State
of Nevada the provisions of the act of Septem-
ber 28, 1850, to enable the State of Arkansas
and other States to reclaim the swamp lands
within their limits;
A bill (S. No. 977) to grjmt the right of way
through the public lands to the Arkansas and
Delta railroad, and to aid in the construction
of the same;
A bill (S. No. 998) granting lands to aid in
the construction of the St. James and Little
Rock railroad;
A bill (S. No. 1029) to amend the homestead
acts for the benefit of soldiers ;
A bill (S. No. 1069) to aid in maintaining
the Arkansas institute of the blind and the
Arkansas deaf-mute institute;
A bill (S. No. 1072) to aid in the construc-
tion of the New Orleans and Selma Railroad
and Immigration Association;
A bill (S. No. 1093) amendatory of the pre-
emption laws;
A bill (S. No.* 1111) to amend an act
entitled "An act making a grantof land to the
State of Minnesota to aid in the improvement
of the navigation of the Mississippi river,"
approved July 23, 1868 ;
A bill (S. No. 1121) granting lands to the
State of Wisconsin to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Milwaukee to Lake Supe-
rior via Green bay, Wisconsin ;
A bill (S. No. 1122) to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from Ver-
milionville, in the State of Louisiaua, to Mar-
shall, in the State of Texas, there to connect
with the Texas Pacific railroad ;
A bill (S. No. 1128) to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Wilmington, in the
State of California, to Wiokenburg, in the Ter-
ritory of Arizona;
A bill (S. No. 1129) for the relief of certain
homestead settlers;
A bill (S. No. 1154) to incorporate the Great
Salt Lake and Colorado River Railway Com-
pany, and to aid in the construction of its road,
and for other purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 1165) to enable honorably
discharged soldiers and sailors, their widows
and orphan children, to acquire homesteads on
the public lands of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 1166) making a grantof lands
to the State of Kansas, in alternate sections,
to aid in the construction of certain railroads
in said State;
A bill (S. No. 1171) to amend section twenty-
five of an act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1871, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 15, 1870;
A bill (S. No. 1174) granting lands to aid in
(he reclamation of desert lands in the Territory
of Utah;
_A bill (S. No. 1175) to incorporate the Weber
River and Kay's Creek Canal Company, and
for a grant of land to aid in the construction
of a canal for irrigation, and other purposes,
in the Territory of Utah;
A bill (S. No. 1176) to incorporate the Bear
River and Cache Valley Canal Company, and
for a grant of land to aid in the construction
of a canal for irrigation and other purposes in
the Territories of Utah and Idaho;
A bill (S. No. 1210) to grant lands to the
Shenandoah Valley Railroad Company to aid
in the construction of its road;
A bill (S. No. 1245) to provide for segrega-
tion and survey of the swamp and overflowed
lands of the State of Oregon, and to put the
State in possession of the same ;
A bill (S. No. 1263) to grant the right of
way through the public lands for a railroad and
telegraph line from Walla-Walla through the
Yakahama valley across the Cascade moun-
tains to Steilacoom City, on Puget sound, in
Washington Territory;
A bill (S. No. 1286) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to establish a bureau of immi-
gration ;
A bill (S. No. 1328) supplemental to an act
entitled "An act making a grant of lands in
alternate sections to aid in the construction
and extension of the Iron Mountain railroad
from Pilot Knob, in the State of Missouri, to
Helena, in Arkansas," approved July 4,1866 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 60) to close the land sys-
tem in certain States;
A bill (H. R. No. 871) granting to the Utah
Central Railroad Company a right of way
through the public lands for the construction
of a railroad and telegraph ;
A bill (H. R. No. 872) for the relief of the
settlers on certain lands in the State of Iowa;
A bill (H. R. No. 1086) amendatory of the
act entitled " An act to secure homesteads to
actual settlersonthe publicdomain," approved
May 20, 1862, and of the acts amendatory
thereof, approved March 21, 1864, and June
21, 1866;
A bill (H. R. No. 1657) for extending the
land laws of the United States over the terri-
tory of Alaska;
A bill (H. R. No. 1686) to prevent the fur-
ther sale of the public lands in the Territory
of Dakota, except as provided for in the pre-
emption and homestead laws and the laws for
disposing of town sites and mineral lands;
A bill (H. R. No. 1964) to change the
boundaries of the Stockton land district, in the
State of California;
A bill (H. R. No. 2049) fpr the protection
of settlers on the public lands of the United
States;
A bill (II. R. No. 2217) to reduce the ex-
penses of the survey and sale of public lands
in the United States;
A bill (FI. R. No. 2359) to declare forfeited
to the Unit'ed States certain lands granted to
the State of Louisiana to aid in constructing
a railroad therein ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2426) authorizing the
transfer of valid preemption claims to actual
settlers;
A bill (H. R. No. 2581) to amend the act
relating to homesteads for soldiers;
A bill (H. R. No. 2907) extending the pro-
visions of the agricultural college act to the
State of Mississippi;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 6) to enable
actual settlers on certain lands within the Stal e
of Kansas, known as the "Cherokee strip,"
to purchase said lands;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 9) granting the
right of way to the Memphis, El Paso, and
Pacific Railroad Company lrom El Paso to the
Pacific ocean;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 37) amenda-
tory of the acts of March 3, 1857, and of March
12, 1864, granting lands to the States of Min-
nesota and Iowa, to aid in the construction of
certain railroads ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 56) granting a
right of way to the New Orleans and Ship
Island Canal Company;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 67) for the
disposal of the public lands in the State of
Louisiana;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 89) providing
for the sale of certain lands in the State of
Kansas ceded to the United States in trust Dy
the Cherokee nation of Indians;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 99) for the
extension of the Union Pacific railroad, south-
ern branch, and for a grant of land to aid in
the construction thereof;
