1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
to the neglect of the public business, setting a
bad example to all the subordinates whose pay
you are now seeking; to increase.
Mr. DAWES. Now we have listened to
the gentleman and heard it all, I hope we shall
have a vote.
Mr. MYERS. I would suggest that the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] should get
an evening to himself, when we have nothing
else to do, to pursue the subject.
Mr. COX. When the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Myers] asks permission to speak
in my time, perhaps I may give it to him. I
am afraid I may have been sowing seed on
stony ground. But I desired to state why I
could not agree with my friend from Indiana
[Mr. Niblacbl] that we should have a general
law for this purpose. How are we to find out
whom we are to pay in the absence of the
President? Who runs the executive depart-
ment when the President is away? How
would we apply this law if it were made gen-
eral? Would we give the amount to General
Dent, or any of the rest of the family ? They
are all provided for already. Or would we
give it to General Babcock, or any of the
people who not only take care of the Exec-
utive, but come up here to instruct us how we
shall perform our legislative duties? And
how shall we divide it? How much shall we
give for discharging executive duties, and how
much for instructing us in our duties ?
Mr. BENTON. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman's time must have expired. He
has talked three times as long as he ought to
have done, [laughter,] and he has talked out
of order besides.
Mr. DAWES. Imovethatthecommitteerise,
in order that debate may be closed on the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported ihat the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
2524) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1872, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. DAWES. I move that when the House
shall again resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole all debate on the pending bill be closed
in one half minute.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same :
A bill (S. No. 1149) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the refunding of the
national debtand
• A joint resolution (S. R. No. 226) for the
relief of Richard P. Hammond.
executive, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. (Mr. Scofield in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of House bill No.
2524, making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1872.
The question was upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Holman to the amendment of
Mr. Ei,a; which was read, as follows:
That there bo appropriated tho sum necessary to
pay t,o James A. Morgan, late chief clerk of tlic
Commissioner of Pensions, the difference between
the salary of Commissioner of Pensions and ehicf
clerk during the time the office of such Commissioner
was vacant and the duties thereof were performed
by said JJorgan.
The question was taken on the amendment
to the amendment; and it was disagreed to—
ayes thirty-five, noes not counted.
The question recurred upon Mr. Ela's
amendment.
Mr. BENTON. I wish to state simply that
this case is precisely similar to the case of
Douglas.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken upon the amendment;
and it was disagreed to—ayes nineteen, noes
not counted.
Mr. DAWES. I move the bill be laid aside,
to be reported to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
military academy bill.
Mr. BECK. I move that the committee
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 253G) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academy for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1872.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BECK. I mave that the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk then read the bill by paragraphs
for amendment, but no amendments were
offered.
Mr. BECK. I move that the committee rise
and report the two bills to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. ScoriELn re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (II. Ii. No.
2524) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1872,
and had directed him to report the same to the
House with sundry amendments, and with the
recommendation that it do pass. Also, that
the committee had had under consideration
the bill (H. R. No. 203(5) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, and
had directed him to report the same to the
House without amendment, and with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The House proceeded to the consideration
of the bill (II. R. No. 2530) making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872.
Mr. BECK. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
tliat the motion to reconsider be laid ou the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
legislative, hc., appropriation bill.
The House then proceeded to the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 2524) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30. 1872, reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union with sundry amendments.
Mr. DAWES moved the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will it be in order to
call for a division of the vote upon the several
amendments after the previous question shall
have been seconded?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order. Only
by unanimous consent can the amendments be
voted on in gross.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will indicate
upon what amendments they desire separate
votes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I demand a separate vote
on the amendment increasing the salaries of tho
judges of the Supreme Court, and also upon
the amendment in regard to increasing the
salary of the deputy Commissioner of Internal
Revenue.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for a separate vote
on the amendment repealing the law author-
izing the publication of the laws in newspapers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for a separate vote
on the amendment increasing the appropriation
for the department of education.
The amendments upon which no separate
votes were asked were then agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
first amendment upon which a separate vote
had been demanded; and it was read by the
Clerk, as follows:
On page 15 strike out lines three hundred and
thirty-four, three hundred and thirty-five, three
hundred and thirty-six, three hundred and thirty-
seven, three hundred and thirty-eight, three hun-
dred and thirty-nine, and three hundred and forty,
as iollows: "For publishing tho laws in pamphlet
form, an din newspapers of the States and Territories,
and in the city of Washington, 850,000: Provided.
That hereafter no laws or treaties shall be published
in newspapers except those whieh are of a general
nature, which laws shall be selected by the Secre-
tary of State; and the same shall in all eases be
published without delay," and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
For publisbingthe laws in pamphlet form. $10,000;
and all laws requiring laws to be published in news-
papers arc hereby repealed.
The question was put on agreeing to the
amendment; and there were—ayes 73, noes 53.
Mr. MAYNARD called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 81, nays 90, not voting
66 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Asper,
Axtell. Beaman, Bea.tty, Beck, Benjamin, Biggs,
Bird, Booker. Boyd, .Tames Brooks. Burr, Conner,
Cowles, Cox.Crcbs, Dnwes,Dickinson,Donley. Duke,
Jildridgc, Famsworth. Finkelnburg. Get'/., Gibson,
Griswold, llaldeman, ilamill. Hay, JJnys, Uolman,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kerr. Knapp,
Knott, Laflin, Lawrence, Lewis, Manning, Marshall,
McCormick, MeNeeiy, Milncs, Morgan, Mungen,
Niblaek. Ortb, Poland, Potter. Price, Randall,
Reeves. Bice, Holers, Sargent, Sehumnker. Sco field,
Shcrrod, Shober, Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph S.
Smith, Stiles. Swann, Tanner. Taylor. Van Auken,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Wells. Wheeler, Willard, John T. Wilson, Win-
chester, Wood, and Woodward—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Arnell, At-
wood, Barry, Benton, Bingham,Blair,Boles, George
M. Brooks. Buck, Buckley, Buffmton, Burchard,
Benjamin I?. Butler, Roderick It. Butler, Cessna,
Churchill. AVilliam T. Clark, Amasa Cobb. Clinton
L. Cobb. Coburn, Conger, Cook, Cullom, Dcgener.
Dickey, Joseph Dixon, Ela, Ferriss, Fisher, Garfield,
Hale, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins. Ilawley.IIoar,
Hooper, Alexander H. Jones, Kelley, Ivelsey,
Ketcham, Long, Loughridge, Lynch. Maynard, Mc-
Crary, McGrcw, McKee, McKenzie, Mercur, William
Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley, O'Neill,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer. Peck, Perce,
Peters, Phelps, Piatt, roineroy, Porter, Prosser,
Rainey, Roots, Sawyer, Shanks, Worthington C.
Smith. Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stough-
ton, Strickland, Strong, Syplier, Twichci!. Tyner,
Upson, Van Horn, Wallace, Welker, Williams.
Bus:ene M. Wilson, and Wolf—90.
NOT VOTING — Messrs Ames, Ayer. Bailey,
Banks, Barnmn. Bennett. Bethune, Bowen. Bur-
dett, Cake, Calkin, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Dar-
rall, Nathan F. Dixon. Dockcry, Dox, Duval, Dyer,
Ferry, Fitc'n, Fox, (jilfUlan, liaight, llambleton,
Ilellin, Hilt, lloge. Holmes, llolchkips, Ingersoli,
Jenckes, Judd, Kellogg, Lash. Logan, May ham,
McCarthy, liliakim 11. Moore, Jesse H. Moore,
More.v, Morphis, Daniel J. Morreli. Morri^ey,
Newshnm, Santord, Lionel A.Shcidon, PorterSliei-
ilon, William J. Smith, Stoke--, Stone, Stricter,
Sweeney. Talfe, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble, Van
Trump, Van Wyck, Voorhees. Waul, Whitmure,
Wilkinson, Winans, AVitcher, and Young—66.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. NIBLACK said: My colleague. Mr.
Vooriiees, has been called away by important
business, and will probably be absent the
remainder of the week. If present, be would
vote "ay."
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I think there can be no
