2006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*
March 3,
consider the bill in regard to soldiers' home-
steads.
Mr. SAWYER. Why can I-not have unani-
mous consent to consider the bill which I sought
to call up ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Because it is
objected to by some Senator.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not see any reason
why ray bill should be objected to any more
than others.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not object.
Mr. SAWYER. I did not understand that
there was objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the Senator from
South Carolina will not object to action on this
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
motion of the Senator from South Carolina, the
Senator from Iowa asks unanimous consent for
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2797)
to enable honorably discharged soldiers and
sailors, their widows and orphan children, to
acquire homesteads on the public lands of
the United States. The bill will be read for
information.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think it is worth
while to read that bill." It is impossible to per-
fect it at this time.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why not? It is the best
bill we have had this session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nevada object?
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 hope not. I trust no
objection will be made.
Mr. STEWART. They say it is a_ sol-
diers' bill. I must say a word before I object.
I am in favor of a soldiers' bill 
Mr. POMEROY. I object to the Senator
saying a word and then objecting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont demands the regular order, which is
the motion of the Senator from South Caro-
lina to postpone the further consideration of
the joint resolution repealing the duty on coal,
for the purpose of considering the House bill
in regard to the Sisters of Mercy at Charles-
ton.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
South Carolina will notpcrsist in that, because
there is going lo be objection to his bill, I learn,
if his motion should prevail.
"The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont demands the regular order, and that
arrests all other business, except the motion
to postpone, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to call attention, as
that is the pending question, to the alternative
which is presented to the Senate in these the
closing minutes of the session. The regular
order before the Senate that is sought to be
postponed is a bill or joint resolution to abolish
the duty upon coal. The Senator from Illinois
a few moments ago gave notice to the Sena-
tors upon the other side of the Chamber, who
have threatened to resist this measure, that he
wished to call the attention of the country t,o
their position upon this question. I wish to
give him notice that I shall call the attention
of the country-to his position upon this ques-
tion, and if it is understood that the declared
policy of the Republican party as contained
in their national platform is to be abandoned
as a whole for the purpose of——
Mr. SPENCER. I ask the Senator  
Mr. SCOTT. I cannot yield now. I say,
if it is understood that the declared policy of
the Republican party, as contained in their
national platform, is to be abandoned for the
purpose of an attack upon one of the industrial
interests of the country, and if that attack is
to be led by the gentleman who is put forward
as the head of the new revenue reform party,
the Republican party will take notice of his
movement as readily as the country will take
notice of the movements of the Senators from
Maryland.
It is now sought, in the closing hour of the
session to bring this attack upon one indus-
trial interest of the country in competition with
the disposition of a question which has occu-
pied weeks in this Chamber, and that is, whether
property destroyed in the conflict of war shall
be paid for out of the United States Treasury.
That is the principle involved in the bill which
is sought to be brought forward in the place
of this pending measure. Either of these
measures, if brought before the Senate at this
time, will consume the few remaining minutes
of the period that is left for business, to the
exclusion of what would be practical legisla-
tion. The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Pratt]
last night called our attention to the fact that
there was a disposition manifested here to
enter upon general debate, and waste the time
of the country in simply talk when labor could
be saved by taking up practical measures that
are upon the Calendar and passing them.
Now, Mr. President, I am the last man ever
to enter into factious opposition to legislation;
there is nothing I dislike more than what sa-
vors of simply an effort to delay legislation:
but when it is entirely apparent that no prac-
tical good can come out of a discussion either
of the question involved in the joint resolution
which is sought to be kept before the Senate
by the Senator from Illinois, or of the abstract
question sought to be brought before it by the
bill called up by the Senator from South Caro-
lina, let us not waste this hour to the exclu-
sion of those who have practical legislation to
be accomplished; and whatever can be-done
without detriment lo the public interests in
these few moments, let them be devoted to
bills that can be passed.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have some legislation
here that I should like to get up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President I am a
little suprised at the remarks of the Senator
from Pennsylvania. I have yet to learn that
it is any portion of the platform of the Repub-
lican party to foster one industry at the expense
of others ; that it is any portion of the policy
of that party which has inscribed upon its ban-
ners "equal rights," to favor monopolies,
whether in coal or anything else, and to make
the poor people of this country pay two prices
for the coal that keeps them from freezing. I
have yet to learn that the bill which has passed
the House of Representatives by a two-thirds
majority is not a Republican measure. I am
astonished at the position assumed by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. Again he tells us that
he is opposed to useless discussions and wants
somepiactical measure. Can anything be more
practical than a simple bill of two lines, that
takes the duty off coal and will reduce the ex-
pense of that article to the consumers of the
country ? Why sir, this is a practical measure.
I want no discussion upon it. The friends of
this repeal have asked for no discussion, have
taken no time. All we ask is a vote. Let
us have that vote, and when the Senator
from Maryland rises in his place and tells
the Senate and the country that this bill
shall not pass, that he will occupy the time
of the Senate in its closing hours by talk and
nothing else, in order to prevent a vote, am I
not justified in appealing to the Senate to put.
the responsibility on the Senators from Mary-
land, if they think proper to take it, of defeat-
ing a measure of this general interest, simply
by talking against time when the hour of
adjournment is fixed by the Constitution ?
THANKS TO THE VICE PRESIDENT.
Mr. BAYARD. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, and offer the following resolution :
Jiesoloed, That the thanks of the Senate are due,
and hereby are reppectlully tendered, to Hon.ScHUV-
leu Colfax, Vice President of the United State?,
lor the eminent ability, courtesy, and impartiality
with which ho has presided over the deliberations
of this body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. An-
thony) put the question on the resolution;
and it was agreed to unanimously.
DUTY ON COAL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. House joint
resolution No. 621 is before the Senate.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. RAMSEY. I desired to call up a bill
that has passed the House of Representatives,
and I understood that no one objected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from West Virginia is recognized by the Chair.
Mr. BOREMAN. lyield to theSenator from
Minnesota.
Mr. RAMSEY. I call up House bill No.
2499. It has already been read.
Mr. SAWYER. I call for the regular order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And I insist on the regu-m
lar order all the time, so that it is useless tor
anybody to yield.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from South
Carolina to postpone the joint resolution now
before the Senate.
Mr. BOREMAN. I should not interpose
at this particular moment if it had not been
for the remarks dropped by the Senator from
Illinois. His position is 
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow mo
a moment? 1 should like to ask if this debate,
at this time, is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on postponing, which opens the merits
of the bill to be postponed.
Mr. BOREMAN. The intimation of the
Senator from Illinois is that the purpose of
those who are opposing this resolution for the
repeal of the duty on coal is simply to speak
against time. So far as I am concerned, I
utterly deny the truth of such a statement.
This, in my judgment, to the people whom
I am endeavoring in a feeble way to represent
on this floor, is one of the few propositions
that affect them in the discussion of the great
tariff question which has agitated this country
from the foundation of the Government to the
present time ; and whde I tell that Senator and
those who are pressing this measure that I do
intend to consume time, it is not simply for the
purpose of taking up the precious time of this
body in its expiring moments, but it is to pro-
tect, the great interests which my constituents
have in this question from being sacrificed in
this unceremonious manner. Without an op-
portunity for consideration, without an oppor-
tunity for free and full discussion, without even
having this proposition referred to a commit-
tee, it is sought in hot haste to press it through
the legislative councils of the country.
I undertake to say that the course which is
pursued upon this subject is almost unprece-
dented in the history of the legislation of this
country. Sir, when before was it ever under-
taken in the expiring moments, not simply of
a session of Congress but of a Congress, to
regulate the great interests involved in this
tariff question ? Instead of any charges or un-
kind reflections being made by those Senators
who are urging this matter, and those on the
outside of this Chamber who are pressing it,
we have a right to complain, and I do here
and now complain, that we are treated most
unkindly and unfairly and in a manner unpar-
alleled almost in the history of the legislation
of this country.
This is an important question. It affects
deeply my own State, the State of Maryland,
and the great State of Pennsylvania. The
passage of this resolution is to strike down
millions of capital, is to throw out of employ-
ment thousands and thousands of the working
people of this country, and to turn their fami-
lies, the women and children, out' upon the
eold charities of the world without the means
of subsistence. This being the case, I feel it
my duty to go into this subject, and to discuss
it at length; and to let the people of this
country understand that while there is a great
cry here in regard to the tariff question, while
we are met at every turn and corner in this
country with the tariff question, yet, when it
suits the interest and the inclination of some
