568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
objection to amending the paragraph under
consideration by inserting the words "or
parts of laws."
Mr. PLATT. Is not that the law now?
Sr. DAWES. It; is not. Arid if there is
a section or paragraph in an appropriation bill
that has any legislation of a general nature in
it, the whole appropriation bill is now pub-
lished.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order now to more
any amendment?
The SPEAKER. Itisnot. The Chair will
state that certain amendment's to the para-
graph under consideration were made in Com-
mittee of the Whole, after which the commit-
tee adopted a substitute for the entire para-
graph. The substitute only, and not any of
the previous amendments, was reported to the
House. The House having refused to concur
in the substitute adopted by the Committee of
the Whole, the original paragraph stands with-
out amendment. The Clerk will read the rule
on the subject.
Th® Clerk read as follows:
" If, in Committoo of the "Whole, an amendment
is adopted, and subsequently the paragraph as
amended is struck out, tho amendment striking
out id tho only ono to bo reported to tho .House.
And if tho lattor is voted down in tho House, tho
iirst amendment is not thereby revived."
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
insert after the word "laws" the words "or
parts of laws."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. DAWES. What objection has my col-
league to that?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My objec-
tion is good, though my reasons for it may
be bad. [Laughter.]
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask unanimous consent to
move an amendment to this paragraph.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. LAFLIN. The gentleman does not
know what my amendment is.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to it, nevertheless.
Mr. SARGENT. Is it too late to move a
reconsideration of the vote by which the House
refused to concur in the substitute for this par-
agraph reported from the Committee of the
Wholfs?
The SPEAKER. Tho motion to reconsider
has already been made and laid on the table.
Mr. DAWES. Can I move a reconsidera-
tion of the vote ordering the main question?
The SPEAKER. That cannot be now done,
because tho order for the main question has
been partially executed.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague [Mr. Boti.er]
objccls to limiting this publication to general
laws. He seems to desire that, because of a
single section or paragraph, the whole of an
appiupiiation bill shall be published at the rate
of $76,000 a year.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. After that
statement 1 can only say that I think there can
be 110 better use of money than paying for
spreading before the country tho appropria-
tions we make. Has anybody any objection
to that? I withdraw my objection to the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Lafi.in.]
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask unanimous consent to
move to amend by inserting after the words
"provided, that hereafter no laws or treaties
shall be published in newspapers except those
which are of a general nature" the words, "or
especially relate to the State, Territory, or dis-
trict in which such newspapers are published."
Mr. PLATT. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the next amendment on which a separate vote
has been aaked.
The Cleik read as follows:
On page 21 of tho printed bill insert, after the
paragraph rel.iLinsi to tho Commissioner of Internal
Koveuutj, the following:
Thar, the Secretury of tho Treasury bo. find i*
heiebv, authorized and instrucied to pay to John W.
Duugia?,lat<* ;>ctinsOoitinmMone! ol'lntenru lve\ o-
nue, &uch an uinuunt, in addition to the sahtiyn;-
oeived by htm during tho liionths of November and
December, 1870,as shall make the total compensation
to him for those months equal to that which would
have been payable by law to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue.
The question being taken on the amendment,
there were—ayes 61, noes 59.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BENJAMIN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Benjamin
and Mr. Scofield were appointed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make a
proposition, thatthe amendment with reference
to the acting Commissioner of Patents be in-
corporated with this amendment and voted
on at the same time. I apprehend there will
be no objection to putting these officers to-
gether on the same footing.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There will be no difficulty
about putting them together; but there will be
great difficulty in carrying them after they are
together.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
requires unanimous consent. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir; I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I must vote
against this amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is exactly what I
want.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 72, noes 70.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. BENJAMIN called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House now adjourn.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana, Mr. Vookhees, desires leave of absence
for one week; the gentleman from New Jer-
sey, Mr. Haigiit, for live days; and the gentle-
man from Maryland, Mr. IIamei.eton, for one
week. To these requests the Chair hears no
objection, and leave is granted accordingly.
GOVERNMENT OF THE DISTRICT.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee for the District of
Columbia a bill (S. No. 594) to provide a gov-
ernment for the District of Columbia with a
substitute ; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clcrks, announced that that
body had passed, without amendment, House
bill No. 1241-1, ceding certain jurisdiction to
the State of Ohio.
W. A. SAYLOIt.
Sir. CLARK, of Texas, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. It. No. 2794)
making an appropriation to indemnify W. A.
Saylor, of Bryan, Texas, for internal revenue
taxes illegally assessed and collected during
the years 1867 and 1808; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
, Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
! ADJOURNMENT.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Bdti.ek, of Massachusetts, that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
j (at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the
j House adjourned.
I PETITIONS, ETC.
| The following petitions, &c., were presented
! under the rule, and lel'erred to the appropriate
: committees:
j. By Mr. BOYD: A petition of citizens'of
jl Misrouii and Arkansas, for a mail route from
!j MuskKeld, Missouri, to Salem, Arkansas.
" By Mi. COX: The petition of Anastatia
Caile, widow of John Caile, deceased, of com-
pany D, fourth United States artillery, for
pension. •
Also, the petition of George Doell, second
lieutenant of company A, thirty-ninth New
York volunteers, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. ETSHER: A petition of several
deputy marshals in the northern district of
New York, praying for increase of com-
pensation.
By Mr. HAMILL: The petition of Mrs.
Elizabeth Foreman for back pension, &c.
By Mr. JULIAN: The memorial of Mrs. E.
M. Pinkham, praying Congress to enact such
laws as will secure the right of women to vote.
By Mr. MOREY: A memorial from the
Chamber of Commerce of New Orleans, asking
for a survey of the proposed ship-canal from
the Mississippi river to the Gulf of Mexico.
Also, a petition from John Young, of Clai-
borne parish, Louisiana, praying for relief
froiri his legal and political disabilities.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of H. G.
Richardson, of Charlotte county, Virginia,
praying the removal of the legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution
of the United States.
By Mr. RANDALL : The petition of John
Halloran, asking relief.
By Mr. SHANKS : A petition of 131 per-
sons, representing 452 persons, settlers on the
Cherokee neutral land, in Kansas, many of
them late Union soldiers, asking the recogni-
tion of their rights tinder the homestead and
preemption laws, and referring the House to
the report of Mr. Siiaxks touching the state-
ment of their rights.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 18, 1871. •
Prayer by Rev. J. A. McCauley, D. D., of
Washington.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FENTON presented a memorial of citi-
zens of New York city, remonstrating against
the removal of Dr. Stillman Spooner, a home-
opathic physician, from the office of examin-
ing pension surgeon; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MORTON. I present a memorial on
behalf of Mrs. Phebe Sofield, widow of Levis
Sofield, a soldier in the war of the Revolution,
praying for a pension. This old lady is said
to be dependent entirely on charity, and is a
hundred and three years old. It is thought
that if a pension is deferred a great while she
may not be able to enjoy it. I move tie
reference of the memorial to the Committee
on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POOL presented the petitions of N. M.
McFarland, of Polk county, North Carolina,
and of David L. Bringle, of Rowan count)',
North Carolina, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred :o
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented a petition of
Lewis C. Henser, of Wythe county, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties : which was referred to the select Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petitions
of W. S. Bledsoe, of Johnson county, Texas,
and of J. W. Ferris, of Waxahachie, Ellis
county, Texas. praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. BROWNLOW presented the petiti on of
George W. ICiik, praying for reimbursement
for money spent on reciuiting service ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
