1394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
that I had said that a pardon was evidence
that a man was innocent. I have no doubt the
Senator thought so, and was sincere in that.
And then he went to work to demolish that
position that a pardon was evidence that the
man pardoned never had done anything!
The question, Mr. President, which I was
discussing was as to the effect of the pardon
itself. The recitals in the pardon, according
to this law that we are talking of, are con-
clusive evidence that the man is guilty of the
'things recited in the pardon. I said that was
contrary to all law and all precedent. No
man would ever be pardoned if that were so.
Take a case of murder, where an application
is made to the Governor of one of our own
States to pardon a man charged with murder.
He brings to the notice of the Executive some
circumstances to show that he ia not guilty of
murder, that is, of the killing of a human be-
ing with malice aforethought. He shows that
he is not guilty at all, or perhaps he shows
that there are mitigating circumstances ; and
jet, according to this law, if that man is par-
doned it is conclusive evidence that he was
guilty of murder I I say that is contrary to all
law and all precedent. A pardon would not
be granted upon such grounds. The ground
upon which a pardon is granted is that there
are some circumstances that take the case out
of the offense of which the man has been con-
victed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would like to ask the
Senator a question, if he will allow me to do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask if a pardon granted
to an individual before prosecution or con-
viction is not evidence of his guilt? When a
pardon is granted to a man after conviction
it may proceed upon the assumption that the
conviction was wrong, and that the man was
possibly innocent of the crime of which he
was convicted; but if a man applies for a
pardon before he is prosecuted and convicted,
and a pardon is granted to him, does it, not
proceed upon the ground that he is guilty ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It proceeds upon the
ground that he is in danger of being indicted ;
that he supposes he may be liable to prosecu-
tion. It does not, in my opinion, necessarily
carry with it an admission that he is guilty of
the offense i'or which he may be pardoned,
and particularly in the case of general amnes-
ties and in cases like that of our rebellion.
Many persons were apprehensive that they
might be prosecuted ; they did not know what
might occur at the close of the war; and they
were quite willing to accept pardons in order
to save prosecution, to save trouble, to save
raising the question as to whether they were
liable to punishment in any form or not. Ques-
tions were raised whether they could sue in
the courts. In reply to the inquiry of the Sen-
ator from Oregon I will say that I do not
think it necessarily carries with it a confession
that the person is guilty ; and I am sure—and
I instanced some cases yesterday—that many
persons received pardon after the close of the
rebellion who were not guilty at all.
The proposition before the Senate is not to
repeal the whole of the section adopted last
year, hut it is to repeal only so much of the
section as declares the effect of a pardon; that
is, which declares the effect it shall have as evi-
dence. I said the other day—and I do not
wish to take up time by repeating the argu-
ment—that I thought this second proviso was
calculated to entiap the unwary. A person
who received a pardon, and took the precau-
tion when he accepted it to write upon it that
although he accepted the pardon he did not
admit that he was guilty of the offense stated
in it, is not concluded by this provision. There
were some shrewd persons, perhaps, who took
that precaution; but the most of the persons
who were pardoned never thought of such a
thing. They accepted the pardon, acknowl-
edged the receipt of it in the form sent out
from the Department, without any condition
at all; and every one of those persons (includ-
ing the old lady whom I instanced, at Sanvan-
nah, about whom I happened to know, who
was eighty years of age, and received a par-
don, though she had done nothing whatever in
the war) is concluded by this. It is conclusive
evidence against her that she was guilty of the
crime of treason, if that was the offense for
which she was pardoned, which was generally
the case.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask if it has not been
asserted here time and time again that every-
body in the South was constructively an enemy
and must be treated so in law ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Supreme Court
decided that persons residing in the rebel
States were, during the war, in contemplation
of law, to be treated as enemies because they
were in an enemy country ;' and a statute of
the United States declared that prima facie
they should be held to be disloyal. We have a
statute which says that the fact that a person
resided in the disloyal States shall be a prima
facie case of disloyalty, and he shall be re-
quired affirmatively to prove that he is loyal
in order to maintain a suit in the Court of
Claims. A person cannot go into the Court
of Claims without proving his loyalty affirm-
atively ; and the repeal of this provision that
makes the acceptance of a pardon conclusive
evidence of the facts recited in it does not
repeal the other statutes at all; nor does it
repeal the other provision of this very same
statute which provides that a pardon shall not
be received in evidence in the Court of Claims ;
so that the Treasury is not to be opened by
this; no advantage is to be gained except that
it puts a person in this position : that ho is
not conclusively bound by the acceptance of a
pardon. The first part of the section, it will
be observed, protects the Government in the
Court of Claims and everywhere else very fully.
I will read it:
"That no pardon or amnesty granted by the Pres-
ident, whether general or special, by proclamation
or otherwise, nor any acceptance of such pardon or
amnesty, nor oath taken, or other act perlormed in
pursuance or as a condition thereof, shall be admis-
sible in evidence on the part of any claimant in the
Court of Clai ins as evidence m support of any claim
against the United States.'
The pardon is not evidence in his favor; it
is not admissible at all in the Court of Claims-
Then, how can it open the Court of Claims
when you repeal that portion of this statute
which declares that a pardon shall not be con-
clusive evidence that the party is guilty of any-
thing? He cannot introduce the pardon in
evidence when you have repealed this clause.
This apprehension is imaginary. I think
the statute is an improper one, at least the
second proviso; and it is for that reason that
I proposed the amendment repealing it.
Mr. CONKLING. I think this repeal was
carried yesterday upon a very close and even
vote, the Senate being under a misapprehen-
sion of the question, and more particularly
under a misapprehension in regard to a fact.
I confers I was myself, after listening to what
was said by the honorable Senator from South
Carolina. Let me state the question as I
understand it to be.
By law the Government is not suable by a
citizen. I have no right to sue the Govern-
ment ; you have no right to sue the Govern-
ment. Therefore, as an original case, all citi-
zens alike were excluded from going into any
tribunal to make their Government defendant.
In the course of time a Court of Claims was
constituted for specific purposes, and it was
provided by law that men who had taken part
in the rebellion should have no standing in that
court.
Let that never be forgotten. I ask the atten-
tion of the Senator from Delaware, whom I see
in his seat, to that fact. As time went on a
decision was made by the Supreme Court that
a man who came in, presenting himsplf as a
pardoned rebel, was not a pardoned rebel, but
was no rebel at all; in other words, he was a
man who, from first to last, had had no sin of
rebellion to be washed out. Thereupon Con-
gress enacted the provision which an attempt
is now made to strike down. What was that?
It was a provision—and now I want the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, if he is within the
reach of my voice, to attend to what I say,
because I have taken pains to provide myself
with the papers to show whether he is right or
whether I am—it is a provision saying that if
a man has taken an oath as one of those to
whom the proclamation permitting pardon was
addressed, if he has received a pardon, and if
he has put his hand to a written acceptance
of the pardon and admitted that it was prop-
erly addressed to him, that man shall be held
in law and in fact to have taken part in the
rebellion, and not to be one of those who
never had act or part in it. That is the pro-
vision which we hear denounced as unjust and
likely to entrap people.
It has been said that there are exceptions to
all rules ; and it seems that some instance has
been found of a pardon or an acceptance of
such a pardon where in truth the person was
not one of those embraced. Well, Mr. Presi-
dent, I can only say that it is extraordinary
that in a rule like this even one exception
should have been found ; but I take it we are
legislating in reference to the rule.
Now, let us see how much room or liability
there is to mistake ; and let us see whether
the Senator from South Carolina was right
when he led the Senate yesterday to vote upon
the idea that he, who had taken an oath to
obtain his letters from the post office, was one
of those likely to be clipped by the long scis-
sors of the law and curtailed of his fair pro-
portions should he appear in the Court of
Claims. They have had in the Court of
Claims two sets of blanks to be used in these
proceedings. 1 have them both: they are
entitled "Form one" and "Form two;" and
they are adapted to the different descriptions
and degrees of offenders whose sins were to
be forgiven. The first one verifies the state-
ment of the Senator from Vermont, that the
pardons dealt with by that court are those
transmitted by the State Department under its
seal, for here is the certificate of the Slate
Department forwarding the pardon. Next,
they are pardons in this form :
" Whereas ;—, of , by taking part in the
late rebellion against the Government ot the United
States, hus made himself liable to heavy pains and
penalties; and whereas the circumstances of his case
render him a proper object of executive clemency,
now. therefore, be it known that I, —* , President,
Sea.," * * * "do grant" *•=*.-
"a full pardon and amnesty lor all offenses by him
committed arising from participation, direct or
implied, in said rebellion, conditioned as follows:
''First. This pardon shall be ot no effect until the
said shall take the oath prescribed 111 the
proclamation of the President dated liny 2U, 1865.''
Other conditions follow ; one of which is
this:
"Fifth. That the said shall notify the Sec-
retary of State in writing that he has leceived and
accepted the toregoing paidon."
Here is the form of acceptance which these
claimants present when they come into the
Court of Claims. The whole blank is entitled:
In tiie Cocet op Claims of the United Status,
Jji.ee/nl/er term, IS—.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the recupt
of tne President's warrant of pardon, lieiinii? date
the  day of .and hereby signify my accept-
ance ot the same, with all the conditions therein
specified.
I am, sir, your obedient servant, .
To the SecketaUy of State.
One would think if you could conceive of a
provision hedged about with safeguards and
conditions-precedent which would exclude as
far as human formality can anybody's being
entrapped, here is the case, here is the pro-
vision. Very well, then, Mr. President, I
think now we are pretty thoroughly out of the
fog which prevailed here yesterday, fiotn ihe
supposition (which I thought myself might
