1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
Mr. CORBETT presented the petition of F.
G. Schwatka, of Oregon, praying the restora-
tion to him of certain lands at Fort Stevens,
Oregon, now held by the Government as a mil-
itary reservation; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
reports op committees.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee ou Finance, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 279) relating to
goods purchased for importation prior to Jan-
uary 1, 1871, to report it back adversely. As
the Senator who introduced it [Mr. Cockling]
is not now in his seat, I ask that it be placed
on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be placed on the Calendar with the
adverse report.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred a letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, the correspondence in regard to the
internal revenue tax on the scrip dividend of
the New York Central Railroad Company, to
ask to be discharged from its further consid-
eration, on the ground that it is a question
for the courts and not for legislation. The
matter is pending before the courts now, as I
understand.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2252) for the relief of Malinda
Harmon, widow of Jacob Harmon, deceased,
of Greene county, Tennessee, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1204) to author-
ize the restoration of James Belger to the
rank of major and quartermaster in the Army,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2283) for the
relief of George J. Langworthy, of Alfred Cen-
tre, New York, reported adversely thereon;
and it was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred thebill(H.R. No.
2321) granting a pension to Margaret Taylor,
reported adversely thereon; and it was post-
poned indefinitely.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 52) au-
thorizing the appointment of a commissioner
and the settlement of claims of citizens of
Kansas, reported adversely thereon; and it
was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. G72) for the relief
of (he trustees of the Theological Seminary
and High School of Virginia, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
' He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 835) for the relief
of Elijah M. Hart, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Mary M.
Clark. widow of Leonard Clark, praying com-
pronation for services rendered by herhusband
as a guide and scout during the late war, sub-
mitted a report thereon, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 12)3) for the relief of Mary M. Clark,
widow of Leonard Clark, deceased. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHURZ, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1074) amendatory of the organic act of the
'F' lntory of Idaho, reported it withoutamend-
Ult'llt-
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of William
H. Colledge, praying compensation for cler-
ical labor performed in the office of the Third
Auditor of the Treasury, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (,S. No. 1215) for the
relief of William H. Colledge.' The bill was
read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Mrs. A. L.
Henry, widow of the late Major W. S. Henry,
United States Army, praying compensation
for losses sustained by her husband by a sud-
den flood of the Solado river, in the State of
Texas, in 1849, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Phcebe Hepburn,
praying to be indemnified for losses sustained
in the accidental destruction of certain land
warrants, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 1216) for the relief of Phcebe
Hepburn. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
CHARLES T. JACKSON.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Charles
T. Jackson, M. D., of Boston, praying for
compensation for making an analysis of the
digestive organs, and their contents, of the late
Captain Israel S. Bunce, of the American
bark Betsy, to discover poison alleged to
have been given him, have instructed me to
report a bill, and I believe it is the desire of
the Senator from Massachusetts that it should
be put on its passage at the present time.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask that that bill
bo" put on its passage. It is a very small affair.
It relates to a service rendered in a court of
justice by a physician, as an expert.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
1214) for the relief of Charles T. Jackson,
M. D., of Boston, was read three times, and
passed. It is a direction to the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Charles T. Jackson,
M. D., of Boston, ยง450, for making analysis
of the digestive organs, and their contents,
of the late Captain Israel S. Bunce, of the
American bark Betsy, for the purposes of the
trial of Griffin and Lee, charged with the_ mur-
dering, by poison, of Bunce, and for mileage
and expenses of traveling twice to and from
the city of Boston to the city of New Y ork as
a witness at the trial on behalf of the United
States.
redemption of token coins.
Mr. FENTON. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1181) to
provide for the redemption of copper and other
token coins, have directed me to report it back
without amendment. It contains but a single
paragraph, and I ask that it be put upon its
passage now.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to require the Secretary of the Treasury
to redeem in lawful money, under such rules
and regulations as he may from time to time
prescribe, all copper, bronze, copper-nickel,
and base-metal coinage of every kind jhereto-
fore authorized by law, when presented in sums
of not less than twenty dollars ; and whenever
under this authority these coins are presented
for redemption in such quantity as to show the
amount outstanding to be redundant, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is authorized to dis-
continue or diminish the manufacture and
issue of such coinage until otherwise ordered
by him.
Mr. FENTON. I will simply remark that
this bill is in accordance with the recommend-
ation of the Secretary of the Treasury in^ his
annual report to Congress, and has received
the approval of the Finance Committee of the
Senate and of the Committee of Ways and
Means of the other House.
tThe bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. BROWNLOW asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to intfoduCe a -bill
(S, No. 1217) for the relief of Colonel George
W. Kirk ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a biil (S.
No. 1218) for the relief of P. Fittbogen, late
of the thirty-fifth Missouri infantry; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1219) to incorporate the Union Life Associa-
tion of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1220) for the relief of llollin White; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1221) to incorporate the Wauh-
ington National Life Insurance Company cf
the United States of America ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia, and ordered ~'.o
be printed.
Mr. VICKERS asked, and by nnanimo.m
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (5'i.
No. 1222) to amend an act entitled "An a>!t
to provide for the creation of corporations in
the District of Columbia by general law,"
approved May 5, 1870; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1228) to protect citizens against certain
violations of their civil and political rights
guarantied by the Constitution of the United
States; which was read twice by its^ title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE. I ask leave, without previous
notice, to introduce a joint resolution in rela-
tion to the accounts of the late General R. E.
De Russy, of the engineer corps, who diet in
1865. I desire to have it referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs; and I wish to call
their attention to the necessity of immediate
action upon it. These accounts run through
more than fifty years of service in the United
States Army, and the balances against him ore
from one cent to twenty-five and forty cei ts
and $2 50, until the aggregate amounts to
$451 01. I also present some accompanying
papers, which I desire to go with the joint
resolution.
There being no objection; leave was gran fed
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 2ftG)
to close the accounts of R. E De Hussy, li.te
colonel corps of engineers; which was rt>ad
twice by its title, referred to the Commit,,oe
ou Military Affairs, and ordered to be prmti'l.
fake and-transportation on railroad:.
Mr. NYE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be di-
rected to examine into and report to the Senate
how far Congress is authorized to regulato tho tare
and transportation upon railroads under that pro-
vision in the Constitution which authorizes Con-
gress to regulate commerce between the States; ana
that the committee report by bill or otherwise.
PAPERS WITHBllAWN.
On motion of Mr. NYE, it was
Ordered, That 0. II. Berryman havcleave to with-
draw Jus petition and papers iioin the tics ol the
Senate.
