1396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
so inconsistent, that I would not attempt to
define it; and it must puzzle some future his-
torian or lexicographer to find out what the
word has meant in its many acceptations. But
nevertheless "disloyalty" must be construed
to mean in some way an offense against the
laws of the United States. That certainly
would cover the meaning as contained in that
statute, that no man who had committed an
offense against the United States growing out
of armed opposition to the execution of its
laws should be permitted to become a party
litigant against the United States in the court
it had established for the proof of claims upon
its Treasury.
Now, sir, suppose that a man had commit-
ted that offense; suppose that he had been
excluded by his acts, and then comes forward
with a pardon, without conditions, in his hand;
I ask you, how does he stand in relation to that
court? He stands just as a proscribed person
would stand, who, having been convicted of an
offense, and having been proscribed by the
constitution of a State from exercising the
right of voting or of acting as a witness in a
court of justice, when his vote is challenged
or his presence on the witness-stand is objected
to he produces his pardon, and that is an end
to all questions respecting his offense. There
needs no sophistry about this. It is a plain
case of reason and of law ; and I think it will
take much more ingenuity than even my friend
from New York possesses to get the heart and
the common sense of the American people to
read their Constitution and put any other con-
struction upon it.
This law, as Senators would construe it, is
meant to destroy that blessed power of pardon
for the offenses of our fellow-men. A Gov-
ernment without such a power would scarcely
be deserving of the name of a civilized Gov-
ernment. The power must reside somewhere.
There must be a time when the infirmities of
men shall be forgiven even by their fellow-men,
and when they who pray for mercy should
learn by that same prayer to perform deeds of
mercy. How can the very sentiment, the very
meaning of this clause of our Constitution be
better expressed than in the language of the
great dramatist?
. We do pray for mercy ;
And that same prayer doth teach us all to render
The deeds of mercy." * * * * *
"And earthly power doth then show likest Grod's:
When mercy seasons justice."
Look at the facts before us. By a law of Con-
gress all residents in the enemy country were
declared prima facie to be "rebels." It was
necessary for them by petition to apply for
pardon. It was necessary for them to accept
that pardon in writing. It was necessary for
them to file an oath of allegiance to the Gov-
ernment of their country before that pardon
could be received. Sir, that oath was filed by
many a man, by many a woman who never iu
their hearts had harbored one feeling of infidel-
ity to the Government of the United States.
There are plenty of such cases. I know it of my
own knowledge. The Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Sawyer] and the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Blair] will tell you that these cases
exist by thousands. Here, then, was a law hold-
ing out to these people full and complete restor-
ation under the Constitution to eyery right that
they could have had had the consequences of
the war not intervened.
The war and its memories and results to
them politically were entirely blotted out and
they were placed precisely on a level with
those who never had engaged in acts of violence
against the Government. The pardons which
were granted them contained no conditions;
they contained no restrictive clauses. They
were not told that they were pardoned as to
certain things only, and that their penalties
continued as to others; but after they had
complied in good faith and with hearts full of
a desire to be restored to proper relations
with their Government, afterthey had complied
with every condition imposed upon them,
then, years afterward, it is proposed to place
a construction on ihe pardon which they never
dreamed of; and this because they are "dis-
loyal," as it is termed 1 If they were rebels
once and received a pardon, they were rebels
no more. A man who comes into this Senate
Chamber with a pardon received from the
proper authority under our Government is no
more a rebel in the eye of the law than is the
Senator from New York who stands here on
this floor to arraign him as such. Here, years
after these pardons have been asked for, after
the oath has been taken, after all has been
done that was promised to be done on the part
of the recipients, a law is passed which attaches
retroactive conditions to the pardons then
granted, of which no notice is found in the
statute which granted them, and these persons
are called upon to suffer the penalties.
Mr. President, it seems to me it would be
impossible to find in the records of jurispru-
dence, in the record of statute laws in this
country or any other civilized nation a paral-
lel for this legislation. We must go back to
mythology. We must seek in mythology alone
for any parallel. There was one judge who
sat in the hell of the ancients, Rhadamanthus
by name, and his practice, as we learn it, was
that his prisoners were first punished, then
tried, and after the trial a confession was com-
pelled to be given by them. Those were the
judgments in the hell of the ancients. I think
the present legislation as proposed is rather
an infernal improvement on that; because you
have beguiled the man to ask for pardon ; you
have granted him pardon upon conditions
proposed by yourselves; the grace has been
extended; the benefits are expected to flow
from it; and, lo and behold! when he comes
into your courts, you use that which you
promised should protect him for the very
purpose of his condemnation ; nay, even worse
than that, it is not his confession, that you
have compelled him to make or extorted from
him, but you yourselves absolutely make your
own act of pardon the conclusive proof of the
guilt of the party accepting it!
Sir, I do not think in the history of legisla-
tion a greater perversion of the name and sen-
timent of justice was ever conceived. This
thing has been so plain to me that I cannot
forbear on any occasion when it is introduced
to express my utter horror and repugnance at
such a doctrine. It is acts like these, it is
want of charity like this, which tend to keep
up the ill-feeling between the citizens of this
nation. If the war is over, if peace has come,
if pardons have been granted, what injury will
not occur from this constant repetition of the
name of "rebel" and this adjuration of old
party feelings and sectional animosities that
seem so often to arise and be encouraged here
in debate! I did grieve, sir, yesterday to hear
the honorable Senator from New York, one
of the leading representatives of the Admin-
istration in this body, declare that, for his
part, he did desire that there should be lines
of demarkation between the loyal and disloyal
men in this country. It was a sad commen-
tary upon the catch-word on which his party
succeeded in the late presidential canvass,
"Let us have peace." So far from "Let
us have peace," it was "Let us channel deep
all the animosities of the past; let us have lines
of demarkation that shall separate our citi-
zens, so that a man who has sinned and has
been pardoned shall have all his sins remem-
bered and the etfccta ever visited upon him."
Mr. OONKL1NG. May I ask my honor-
able friend a question ?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Is he not in favor of
any demarkation or distinction between those
who were loyal and those who were not ?
Mr. BAYARD. ' I do not recognize such
phrases as existing at the present day.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the honorable Sen-
ator then wish to see on the pension-roll alike
the names of those who fought for and the
names of those who fought against the Govern-
ment which he and I support?
Mr. BAYARD. If my honorable friend did
not put that question I should be disposed to
think it hardly an honest one. Men receive
pensions from the United States Government
for services rendered in war for the United
States Government. When any man shall have
served the Government of this country and
proves that he has been injured iu its defense,
I should pay him without any other question
than whether he had served the Government
faithfully. If he had received his wounds in
opposition to this Government, it would be a
farce to talk of his being paid under its laws.
Why should such a question be asked on such
a subject? What was there in what I said to
draw it forth ?
Mr. CONKLING. There was this, if my
honorable friend will allow me—I know not
precisely with what purpose he employs the
word "honest," and therefore I abstain from
any comment upon it 
Mr. BAYARD. I said that if such a ques-
tion had not come from the honorable Senator
from New York I should have doubted the
honesty of the question; but coming from him
I took it for granted he meant it so, although
I cannot conceive how it would apply to this
case.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I will say one other
word to the Senator, the honesty of which also
he need not doubt; and that is, that he ar-
raigned me, not offensively to be sure, be-
cause I said I wanted to see the distinctions
observed which divided the loyal from the dis-
loyal. I put to him a case to show that he has
neither the courage nor the recklessness to
deny that there is some point at which these
distinctions must begin; and when we come
to a claim made upon the Treasury for theloss
of cotton, I think that is one of the cases. He
thinks that the case of a pension is one. I
think so, too. Therefore he applies the doc-
trine in one case and denies it in the other; I
apply it in both ; and hence, recognizing as
he does, and as I do, the principle, we differ
simply in the application of it.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, my courage,
or my recklessness perhaps, can be illy tried
by the Senator from New York in his logic on
this ease. I am not disposed to speak partic-
ularly of the one or the other; but I am quite
disposed to follow wherever my convictions tell
me I ought to go. I expressed my regret that
an eminent member of the dominant party here
and closely representing the present Adminis-
tration should have expressed his desire to keep
up the demarkation between certain classes of
our fellow-citizens; and on that I am asked as
to those whom he terms loyal or disloyal. I
say there are no such classes existing at the
present day ; that is a thing of the past. I hope
it has passed forever; and that there never will
be between my fellow countrymen any such
differences. I would to God the memories of
the war could be blotted out forever; and I
wish to day that it were in my power that there
should be but one feeling, that of a common
brotherhood, in favor of one nation and one
flag between all men in every part of this con-
federacy of States.
I do abhor the doctrine of keeping up lines
of demarkation; and when I say so I am asked
by the Senator from New York whether I
would pension those who had taken up arms
against the Government of the United Slates.
What was there in what I said to justify such
a question, or to make it possible that 1 could
have such a meaning? There was nothing
like it. It cannot be extorted from it. It
does not require much courage, and it does
not require much recklessness for a man to
answer plain propositions of that kind. What-
ever may be my deficiency on those points, I
will simply say they hardly appear in the pre
