2008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
the Chair and not to thejSenator from South
Carolina.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
is unable to find any report. There appears
to bo no report accompanying the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then it seems we have
a case here, the facts about which are care-
fully, I will not say concealed from the Sen-
ate, but a case about which we have no ex-
planation at all. Who are these people called
Sisters of Mercy? It is certainly a very hon-
orable name. What have they done which
requires the payment to them of $20,000 from
the pockets of the people? Where did they
do it? Under what circumstances? For whom?
No man can tell us. We have no report from
a committee. The champion of the measure,
who I should imagine, if it were anybody else
than my friend from South Carolina, must
have a local interest in this question ; it must
be located somewhere in the town where he,
if any other body that presented such a meas-
ure, lived, because my friend would not be
influenced by aay such considerations—he asks
us to pass this bill without a report from a
committee of any of the facts or circumstances
connected with it, and on the ostentatious ad-
vice in advance that the less that is said about
it the better. That, sir, is a most excellent
ground for legislative action 1 If we could only
persuade ourselves to apply this new method
of legislation in a constitutional Government,
in extracting money from the Treasury, to all
the bills upon the Calendar, certainly mankind,
if this is a good notion, would be largely bene-
fited by the performance. Imagine, sir, how
easy it would have been to pass all the other
appropriation bills if this new rule of taking
money from the Treasury could have been
adopted! My friend from South Carolina,
being an honored member of the Committee
on Appropriations, would have reported one
of his bills, and when somebody asked him
what the circumstances were that justified or
demanded this call for money he would say,
"I do not choose to tell." Being asked if it
was recommended by the head of any Depart-
ment 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
suspend his remarks. Persons who have ac-
cess to the floor will be kind enough to abstain
from loud conversation. There is entirely too
much conversation in the Hall.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was saying, Mr. Presi-
dent, that it would have been delightful to have
had this practice in passing bills adopted a
little earlier, so that when my friend reporting
his appropriation bills should have been asked,
"Explain this bill if you please, Mr. Chair-
man ; tell us why it is that this demand for
money occurs ; who recommends it," he would
say, "I do not choose to tell you what the cir-
cumstances requiring this appropriation are.
It is true it is not recommended by the head
of any Department. The President of the
United States, required by the Constitution
to recommend all measures affecting the pub-
lic welfare, has overlooked it or lost sight of
it; it has never been called to his attention;
but I have a constituent" 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont will pause for a moment to allow a
message to be received from the House of
Representatives.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the following enrolled bills; and they
Were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 140) to renew certain grants
of land to the State of Alabama;
A bill (S. No. 109) in relation to the Selma,
Rome, and Daltou Railroad Company, Ala-
bama ;
A bill (S. No. 1137) to extend the benefits
of the donation law of September 27, 1850, to
certain persons;
A bill (S. No. 1202) confirming the title to
certain lands; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2524) making appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1872.
SISTERS OF MERCY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 1596) for the relief of the Sisters of Our
Lady of Mercy of Charleston, South Carolina,
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole; and the Senator from Vermont will
proceed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. " I have a constituent,"
says the honorable Senator reporting an
appropriation bill, " or a body of constituents
to whom it is convenient to have $20,000, or
$1,000,000, or whatever the amount may be,
out of the Treasury; now, therefore, take this
bill and pass it without any explanation; do
not let us say anything about it; the commit-
tee decline to give any information about it;
nothing can befound about it in the estimates
or recommendations of the Departments; but
it is to go through." I repeat, sir, if we could
have invented this model method of legisla-
tion a little earlier, we should have saved our-
selves a vast deal of trouble in scrutinizing
bills which are presented to us and endeavor-
ing in some way to conduct legislation upon
just principles.
I have heard, Mr. President, not from any
committee, not from the Senator from South
Carolina, but I have heard in some way from
certain persons outside of this Chamber, who
seem to have a deep interest in the passage
of this bill, that its chief characteristic is that
it is a claim upon the United States for certain
property in the city of Charleston, in the State
of South Carolina, destroyed in a bombard-
ment of that city which took place during what
my friend from South Carolina and his south-
ern friends, I suppose, would call the " late
unpleasantness," and that the armies of the
United States, invading the private rights of
these property holders, pointed their cannon
and destroyed the property of a citizen, for
which now payment is to be made. I have not
forgotten, it is true, that this pill lias been
carefully sugar-coated; that, on the face of it,
instead of being a claims bill for the destruc-
tion of property during the bombardment of
that city, it is represented to be a compensa-
tion bill for the care and kindness and atten-
tion bestowed by the managers of this building
or institution upon the soldiers of the United
States. I shall have to pause, Mr. President,
until I can have order in the Chamber.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is too
much conversation. Senators will try to pre-
serve order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I assume that other Sen-
ators must know more about this claim than I
do, from the fact that they seem already to have
decided in their own minds that it is not worth
considering. Nevertheless, it is my duty to
express my views about it so far as I know it.
As I was saying, Mr. President, when the
interest that gentlemen take in other matters
overwhelmed me, this is a proposition, so far
as can be learned outside of this Chamber, and
not in it, under the pretense, if it is parliament-
ary to use such a term here—and if it is not I
will, as my friend from Michigan said on
another occasion, use any term that is parlia-
mentary—under the pretense of recompensing
acts of charity and kindness to Union soldiers
by the proprietors of this institution, it is a
proposition to pay a property holder in a rebel
city under-bombardment for the destruction
of his property caused by that act of warfare.
That is what it is. Now, sir, is the Senate
ready to take that step and to declare flatly
and bravely that wherever the property of
any person in the course of warfare has been
destroyed in the heat and conflict of actual
warfare in the bombardment of a city the
Treasury of the United States must foot the
bill? I am sure that no Senator would main-
tain such a proposition. And what else than
that proposition is it?
It is said that the proprietors of that build-
ing exercised acts of charity and kindness and
assistance alike, fairly and equally, to the sol-
diers of the rebel armies and to the soldiers
of the Union armies, ministering to their
necessities, providing, as far as they could,
for the alleviation of their sufferings. Grant
it. We do not know what is the fact, because
we are carefully kept in ignorance of any real
investigation into the actual merits of this
case; but grant that to be true, what have
you found in this case that causes it to differ a
particle from the case of a thousand, ay, ten
thousand institutions of charity, of benevo-
lence, of mercy in every part of the Union?
Who has not contributed in that method of
the alleviation of the sufferings caused by
war? Is there a vicinity, is there a city, a
county, a township, or a hamlet in this broad
land, whose citizens, whether they were the
proprietors of large real estate or not, have
not gladly and generously and freely, without
coming to us for reimbursement and repay-
ment, done everything that they could in the
provision of means and in the expenditure
of money to relieve the woe and distress
caused by this war? _ Of course there is none.
No State in the Union but has a thousand
cases upon that ground as meritorious as this;
and yet the fact that the proprietors of this
institution have done their simple duty as citi-
zens in being kind a,nd careful of sick people
who were thrown into their charge or thrown
into their vicinity makes that the ground of
a pecuniary recompense by money from the
Treasury. What would be thought if the char-
itable institutions of any northern State—and,
as I say, every city and every town had them—
should appear here at your doors demanding
compensation, under whatever guise of rhet-
oric you may conceal it by words, because they
had performed the simple duties belonging to
citizenship and humanity in alleviating distress
with which they have been brought in con-
tact? Why, sir, the proposition is monstrous.
Therefore, put upon the ground that you are
to pay these people or anybody else for an act
which ought to be as free as the sunshine, and
which is made shameful and venal and dis
graceful by connecting a demand for pay with
it—putting that upon an equal footing with a
claim for loss of property; turning it into a
question of the sale of charity and kindness
and generosity—why, sir, the face of any per-
son who would maintain such a proposition
ought to tingle with shame at stating it.
Then, sir, as I have said, whatever you may
do in the way of concealment by words, this
comes back to the naked case of the claim of
a property-holder in a rebel city under bom-
bardment for compensation for the destruction
of his property. It is that, and nothing else.
Now, sir, is the Senate prepared to take a step
of this character? I do not think it is.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I shall be
as brief as possible. It will be remembered
that within forty-eight hours the Senator from
Vermont made a long speech upon this very
subject, and as soon as he had finished it
raised a point of order and further discussion
was ruled out. It seems, Mr. President, that
he is about to renew the tactics which he so
successfully adopted at that moment; that is
to say, to take the last few minutes of this
session to make a speech on this subject, for-
bidding us to have time to vote upon it.
He has seen fit to assume that I, as well as
some of my southern friends, have viewed the
late rebellion as a little "unpleasantness."
Let me say to that Senator that he has a very
unpleasant way of saying unpleasant things.
Mr. President, the facts in this case are just
as well known to the Senator from Vermont
and to every Senator on this floor as the facts
which transpire here under our eyes everyday,
lie knows well, and every Senator here knows
