1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1397
ent case. The men who have served the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and who have
been wounded in battle or lost their health in
its cause, are entitled to pensions from its
Treasury, and none others are; much less
those who have endeavored by arms to de-
stroy it.
Now, Mr. President, there is one other prop-
osition in connection with this subject. It
should be borne in mind that the property which
is in the Treasury of the United States does not
belong to the Government of the United States.
It is property of individuals which, wrongfully
and without a crime or act of the individual citi-
zens, has passed into the care of the United
States. It is property which they declare they
did not lose by the ordinary rules of warfare,
but which, in the consequent tumult that armies
always bring in their train, was seized and
appropriated for the use of the Government,
without law and against justice. It so happens
that, individually, I am unacquainted with any
one of these claimants. I never, to the best
of my knowledge, saw a man, woman, or child
who has an interest of ten dollars in this fund.
But I consider that it is for the dignity of this
Government that its reputation for justice
should be maintained, and that provisions
which threaten the high character and reputa-
tion of justice, which should attach to the laws
of this country, should be removed from our
statute-book. It is for that reason that I have
expressed myself in favor of the repeal of this
section, which would make the act of the
United States Government in granting par-
dons to men, which they in good faith have
availed themselves of, the means whereby
they are to be deprived of the very benefits
which those pardons were intended to convey
to them.
Mr. STEWART. I do not mean to prolong
the debate; but I voted for this amendment,
and I feel bound to say a word. In the first
place, I cannot see any use in this second pro-
viso. I cannot see why it was put on the book
or why it should be kept there. I do not see
any necessity for it. If there was some great
national end to be obtained, if the Treasury
was to be protected by it or any good to be
acquired by declaring the effect of a pardon as
evidence after the pardon had been granted,
then we might with some propriety discuss that
kind of legislation ; but there is no necessity
for that kind of legislation in this case. The
law as it is left, omitting this proviso, reads in
this wise:
" That no pardon or amnesty granted by the Pres-
ident, whether general or special, by proclamation
or otherwise, nor any acceptance of such pardon or
amnesty, nor oath taken, or other act performed in
pursuance or as a condition thereof, shall be admis-
sible in evidence on the part of any claimant in the
Court of Claims as evidence in support of any claim
against the United States, or to establish the stand-
ins of any claimant in said court, or his right to
bring or maintain suit therein."
Then it goes on particularly prohibiting a
pardon from being used in any way. The
statutes under which these cotton cases go
into the court provide that none but loyal men
shall be heard. The court is left to determine
that question in all cases. Now, if the court
can be trusted to determine the ease where
there is 110 pardon, 1 do not see why that satne
court cannot be trusted to determine the case
where there is a pardon. The pardon is not
to be used. The court may determine it by any
kind of evidence they may think competent.
]f the court should determine that a pardon
was evidence of the guilt of the party as to the
fact for which he was pardoned, very well;
they would act on that. At all events, the
whole question of the loyalty of the claimant
would be open to investigation in the case of
one having a pardon just the same as one not
having a pardon. Why should it not be ? No
one who has been engaged in the rebellion, by
this act, can bo heard in the Court of Claims.
That is particularly provided for. That was
the complaint growing out of the decision of
the Supreme Court, that the pardon of a rebel
permitted him to go into the Court of Claims.
That is provided for here. The court held
that he might use his pardon in his own behalf.
The law declares that he shall not use it; and
when it has done that, when it has said that
his pardon shall be of no benefit to him in
that respect, it seems to me it is going further
than is necessary, and it will have a bad in-
fluence if we go on further and say this pardon
shall not only be of no use, but shall be con-
clusive evidence of guilt. It certainly is an
awkward way to fix up a statute, especially
when I cannot see any necessity for it. I can
see very well why there should be complaint
of that kind of a declaration. I can see very
well how it can be construed as a hardship. I
see no necessity for it; and the more discussion
we have had the more it has tended to confirm
me in the opinion that this last proviso ought
to be striken out altogether.
Mr. McCREERY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I hope not.
Mr. LEWIS. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky withdraw his motion for a moment? I
desire an executive session for a brief period.
Mr. McCREERY. That is a different
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky insist on the motion to
adjourn ?
Mr. McCREERY. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before putting
the question on the motion the Chair will lay
before the Senate certain bills from the House
of Representatives for reference, as several of
the committees meet on Monday morning.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their titles, and re-
ferred to the committee on the District of
Columbia:
A bill (H, R. No. 2978) to amend section five
of the general incorporation law of the Dis-
trict of Columbia in relation to cemeteries;
A bill (H. R. No. 2959) to regulate the
grade of Maryland avenue from the end of the
Long Bridge to Twelfth street;
A bill (H. R. No. 3014) supplementary to
"an act to authorize the extension, con-
struction, and use of a lateral branch of the
Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Company
in, to, and within the District of Columbia,
approved February 5, 1867;
A bill (H. R. No. 3048) to authorize the
establishment of- certain free and public high-
ways in theDistrict of Columbia, and for other
purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 510) relating
to the Washington canal.
The bill (H. R. No. 2816) making appropri-
ations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. COLE. 1 hardly know whether it is
worth while to refer that bill to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations. Judging from our pro-
gress, we have as many appropriation bills now
reported from the Committee on Appropria-
tions as can be considered at this session.
[Laughter.]
The following joint resolutions were sever-
ally read twice by their titles:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 262) directing
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to issue a patent to Appleton Stevens, of
Portsmouth, Bay county, and State of Michi-
gan, conveying to the said Stevens the land
described in said resolution ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 263) directing
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to issue a patent to Joseph R. Hitchcock and
Benjamin P. Beckwith of Bay City, Bay county,
and State of Michigan, conveying to the said
Hitchcock and Beckwith the land described in
said resolution ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 264) directing
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to issue a patent to Albert Miller, of Ports-
mouth, Bay county, and State of Michigan,
conveying to said Miller the land described in
said resolution ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 265) directing
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to issue a patent to Alexander C. Rorison and
David B. Rorison, of Portsmouth, Bay county,
and State of Michigan, conveying to the said
Alexander C. Rorison and David B. Rorison
the land described in said resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. All those joint resolu-
tions that relate to single sections or quarter
sections of land should go to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These joint reso-
lutions came from the Committee on Public
Lands in the House of Representatives; but
if the Senator moves their reference to the
Committee on Private Land Claims, the Chair
will put the question on that motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think they might as
well go to the Committee on Public Lands,
because I cannot get my committee together.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So much the better; let
them be referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These joint res-
olutions will be referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims if there be no objection.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives to the bill (S. No. 716) to provide for
the better security of life on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by st.eam, and
for other purposes, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 2579) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June 30, 1872; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky has moved an adjournment.
Mr. McCREERY. I withdraw that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Kansas.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After ten minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened; and (at
four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 18, 1871.
The House met at -eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. IiELSEY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I submit the following report of a com-
mittee of conference on the consular and diplo-
matic appropriation bill:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. it. Ho. 2G89) making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic expeuseG
of the Cxovernment for the year ending June 30,1872.
and tor other purposes, having met, after a full and
free conference have agreed to reeommend to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their fourth amend-
ment.
That the House of Representatives recede from
