2010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,1871.
will. ' I may say this with perfect safety, inas-
much as ihe sands of my political life are
nearly run. But I wish here, for the last time
that I shall be able to do so, to enter my protest
against this scheme ofpayingforall the property
that may have been destroyed in the prosecu-
tion of hostilities during the late civil war.
Now, sir, what is this claim? I will not
accept the representations made of this claim
by its advocates on this floor. They seem not
to understand the ground on which the sisters
have placed it. They tell us that it is a mere
charity, a claim of charity for good deeds done
by the Sisters of Mercy at Charleston. That
is not the claim, sir, as it is presented by the
sisters themselves. They ask us to appropri-
ate this money, not as a compensation, not
even as a compliment for their deeds of charity
and mercy, whether to rebel soldiers or Union
soldiers, but as a compensation to enable them
to rebuild the building which was destroyed
by our artillery during the bombardment of
Charleston. Here is the petition. It is short,
and I wish Senators to listen to it, and to know
what kind of precedent they are here setting
for the future, so that there maybe no mistake
in regard to it. The petitioners say—I hold
their original petition in my hand:
"Your petitioners beg to show unto your hon-
orable bodies that a number of Sisters of Merey, by
great energy and exertions, succeeded in establish-
ing a seminary and asylum for orphans in the city
of Charleston, South Carolina, which by improve-
ments and additions from time to time was worth
$20,000 or more, at the breaking out of this war; that
during the bombardment of the city of Charleston
by the United States forces, the seminary and asy-
lum was destroyed by shells"—
They admit the fact that the destruction was
an act of war—
"and a large number, the helpless orphans as well
as themselves, were_ thrown to the mercies of the
public, since which time they have struggled to care
for the orphans, varying in number from fifty to one
hundred. Therefore, your petitioners would hum-
bly pray your honorable bodies to afford to the
Sisters of Merey in the city of Charleston. South
Carolina, the much required aid to rebuild their
seminary and asylum; and your petitioners will ever
pray," &c.
There is their petition, there is their own
statement of their case. In it they do not pre-
tend that they ever rendered any charitable aid
or assistance to any Union soldiers, or to any
Union invalid; they set up no such pretense
at all, but they simply ask Congress to remu-
nerate and indemnify them for the loss of their
asylum to the value of the asylum. That is the
case, simply and plainly; and this will be the
state of facts which will be understood by the
country.
Now, sir, what -is there in that institution
known as the Sisters of Mercy to render them
more deserving of the attention of the Con-
gress of the United States than the orphan
children of those who fell in battle at Gettys-
burg and on other fields? Is it because they
are Koman Catholics, sir? Are Senators ter-
rified with the idea that, if they refuse to set
this precedent, they will bring upon them the
denunciations or the displeasure of the Roman
Catholic priesthood in the United States ? Do
they expect any favor from them. Let me say
if they entertain any such fears or apprehen-
sions, I do not participate with them.
Suppose this petition had proceeded from a
Presbyterian institution, or a Unitarian, or
a Congregational, or Universalist institution,
would it have been entertained here, sir, with
as much favor as this? And if they had done
so, they would have obtained a very slight
attention, I apprehend, in the Senate of the
United States. There is nothing in the con-
stitution or in the character of the Roman
Catholic Church, whether represented in the
forin of an institution known as the Sisters of
Mercy or in any other form, to entitle it or
them to precedence over other Christian de
nominations, and I utterly repudiate 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan will suspend. The hour of
twelve has arrived; and, thanking you, Sena-
tors, for the approval of my official course
which you have placed upon your records,
I declare the third session of the Senate of
the United States of the Forty-First Congress
adjourned without day.
