572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
ated. No sufficient reason has been given why
this resolution has not taken the usual course,
and gone to the Judiciary Committee, which
has thus far always and so often acted upon
this subject. I know of no cause why that
committee should now be treated as if it were
distrusted. The Senator from Massachusetts
has told you that the committee is extremely
full of business. The Senator from Alabama
thinks this question is so very important that
the committee appointed to investigate it should
be excused from all other business. Now, sir,
what has occurred since we were last here, to
create such an enormous amount of business
on this well-worn and thoroughly discussed
subject of outrages in the South? Whatconld
have occurred to make it now, for the first time,
a burden too great for the Judiciary Commit-
tee, or to render necessary this extraordinary
proceeding of the appointment of a select com-
mittee, or to justify the recommendation of the
Senator from Alabama, that that committee
should be excused from all other business ?
Mr. President, aM this bodes little good to
the interests or the peace of the country. It
is portentous of more evil, of fresh mischief.
1 would that Senators could see, as I do, how
much more patiently the country would bear
the rule of their party, pernicious though it is,
now und in the future, if it could be combined
with a united people, with a contented people,
with a people as to a great part of whom the
leaders of that dominant party would not feel
it their duty- to exhaust themselves in denun-
ciations, in schemes of injury and irritation.
Mr. WAIiNEK. As the Senator from Cali-
fornia has alluded to me, and charged me with
inconsistency between what 1 say now and
what I have heretofore said, I have a word
to utter on that point. I think the Senator
and the Senatcwill understand that I occupy
a stand-point in regard to the southern people
that entitles me to speak as to the condition
of affairs tli ere. I have offered to the south-
ern people, in my person, from the end of the
war, from the time that I took off the uniform
of a Federal soldier, the olive branch of peace.
I have said to them, again and again, individ-
ually, upon the rostrum in Alabama, and here,
upon my responsibility as a Senator, that 1 was
willing and anxious to forgive the past; that 1
fought as a Federal soldier only for the union
of my country and for its peace and welfare
and liberty in the future. I say that to-day.
X cherish no animosities for the past. I am as
ready to-day as I have been since the war to
rise above all the passions of the past, and in
a spirit of Christian statesmanship to do that
which shall seem to mo best for the welfare of
my country now and in the future.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama will please suspend his remarks. The
morning hour having expired, tho unfinished
business pending at the adjournment last even-
ing is before the Senate, being the bill (S. No.
008) to refund to the States the interest and
discount on money borrowed to equip, pay,
supply, and transport troops for the service
of the United States in the recent war, the
pending question being on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Minnesota, I Mr.
Ramsey.]
Mr. MORTON. I will ask that that bill be
informally passed over until this resolution is
disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iiiduitm asks that the unfinished business be
informally passed over, with a view of contin-
uing the consideration of this resolution. Is
ther'.> objection?
Mr. VlOKERSand Mr. BAYAllD. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is objected
to by the Senators from Maryland and Dela-
ware.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have sent for some offi-
cial information in regard to the bill for the
leiiribursement of interest to the States, and 1
desire to obtain that information before that
bill is proceeded with. I therefore move that
it be postponed until thi8 resolution is disposed
of; or I will move generally that it be post-
poned, because it can be resumed at any time
by the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is post-
poned it will require a vote of the Senate to
resume its consideration, as the Chair has
stated heretofore, under the rules as they now
stand. The question is on postponing the
unfinished business.
The motion to postpone was agreed to—ayes
forty-two, noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio now moves to continue the consideration
of the resolution pending during the morning
hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I was say-
ing when interrupted that I was as ready to-
day, as I was at the last session, or at any
time since the war, to extend to the men of
the South who were engaged in the rebellion
the olive branch of peace. I am to-day with
the Senator from California, and will vote with
him, when the opportunity is presented, to
offer to them amnesty for rebellion. But, sir,
I should be sorry to know that that carried with
it amnesty for murder and violence to-day. I
say again to-day what I have said here before,
that while I am for amnesty for the rebellion,
I am for the halter for the murderers of to-day.
And I shall be pained to learn that this is a
question of party ascendency ; that there is
any party in this country, and particularly the
party to which the honorable Senator belongs,
which depends for its ascendancy upon an
organized band of Kuklux assassins, who
override the will of the people in some sec-
tions of the country, and persecute and murder
men because of their political opinions. If
there be a party in this country whose ascend-
ency is dependent upon such work as that, then
it is time that we and the country should know
it. I hope that it is not true, and that the great
Democratic party of the country rests upon the
basis of broad principles which commend them-
selves to the judgment and to the will of the
American people, and that it is not necessary
for them, even in the lately rebellious States,
to resort to violence and to a secret organiza-
tion to reverse, as the President says in his
message, the will of the people, in order to
maintain their ascendency.
Sir, I should suppose that we could come
to the investigation of this matter with one
accord, and I cannot see why party lines should
ho drawn upon it. This is a motion for invest-
igation into the actual condition of things,
and I hope that there are no parties and no
partisans here who fear that they are to suffer
by the investigation. If my party shall suffer
from it let it sufl'er. I am willing that all the
sins that rest upon the shoulders of my party
shall be brought to lights and 1, for one, will
discountenance them, and feel that my party
is the stronger for the exposure, for it will tend
to purify it. If it shall appear, upon the other
hand, that the success of the Democratic party
in the South has been the result of fraud
and violence and intimidation of voters, and
through the agency of a secret organization,
then 1 hope my Democratic friends on this
floor will be willing to discountenance such
things, and to join us in applying the remedy,
if there be one, under the Constitution, in the
hands of Congress.
I cannot think that this will be made a ques-
tion of party ascendency, nor do I think that the
whole body of the southern people approve of
these outrages. I am convinced that there is a
great body of men itt the South, men, too, who
belong to the same party organization that my
friend from California does, who disapprove
and denounce these things. They do it to me
privately ; but such is theterrorin certain local-
ities there that they dare not do -it publicly. -I
have had men who occupied seats in Congress
before the war, men of the Democratic party>,
and who now belong to it, tell me privately
that the newspaper editors and other leaders
who are inflaming the passions of the people
and producing this violence throughout the
State are fools ; but they lack the moral cour-
age to say it publicly and to create a public
opinion which shall crush out these organiza-
tions and give freedom of the ballot and polit-
ical toleration throughout the South.
Sir, let me say to iny honorable friend from
California that I have preached peace every-
where at the South, as every citizen of that
country will testify. I have gone through the
length and breadth of my State offering the
olive branch of peace and soothing down the
animosities of the war. I have not sought by
the slightest act to disturb its slumbering em-
bers. I want to see its fires go out, and I want
to see peace and good-will everywhere prevail.
That has been my teaching, but I have not been
met with a similar spirit.. I shall pursue the
same course still, but does not that hold me
to the encouragement of crime or relieve me
from the duty of bringing to the Senate the
knowledge of the facts as thej exist?
Now, in order that my honorable friend may
know a little of the spirit which is breathed
there, and out of which come the Kuklux
organization and these outrages, which I say
are a disgrace to the country and which are
disapproved of by a very lsllge body of men
of the party to which the Senator belongs, let
me read to him from a Democratic newspaper
published in the State of Alabama, edited by
one of the ablest editors of the Democratic
party in the South; an article with regard to
the debate on the resolutions offered on this
floor by the honorable Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. MeCitEERY] in regard to Arlington. I
invite the attention of Senators to what he
says. I will only read some extracts from
this article, which is a leading editorial in the
Mobile Daily Tribune of December 15, 1870:
"The mention of General Leo's name in the upper
department of the governmental pandemonium ^t
Washington lias an effect similar to that created by
the appearanceof Banquo's ghost at Macbeth 'sf'ci&c.
Tho small and the large dogs competed among them-
selves for the snarler's bolt. The occasion was one to
call forth all the patriotism and eloquence of the sen-
atorial body, and right nobly did the great masters of
twaddle sustain their reputations. They settled to
their own satisfaction the status of Seneral Leem his-
tory yet to bo written. Nye, who knows all about
it, says that ' tho verdict of to-day and of posterity
will bo that General Lee was a traitor/ Strange that
tho mention of a mere traitor's name should create
such a commotion in a body of immaculate and tri-
umphant patriots. 'We would not be sitting hero
to-day,' said one of these howling dervishes, ' if Loe
had succeeded.' Truly that would have been to
deprivo the world of an unparalleled blessing, that
of being robbed by some three score of blackguards
seated in a Senate Chamber.
"Leaving out of view tho loathsome features of
the discussion, as showing the moral depravity of
the wretches engaged in it, it serves to demonstrate
the fallaoy of the hope that the central Government
erected on southern ruin and degradation will ever
afford a foothold where any southern man can stand
without a burning blush on his cheek. The senti-
ments expressed during the discussion were not so
much Radical as they were northern. Bid any Dem-
ocratic Senator dare repel the aspersions attempted
to be cast on the lame of the great confederate leader
by vile wretches like Nye and Sumxbk? Mr. Thi e-
man's lips were closed. Mr. Saclsbcky would have
acted a less despicable part by remaining silent than
to speak the whining words he did. Mr. McCbkhhy,
the Kentuckian, alone spoke southern and not Dem-
ocratic sentiments; and it would seem that not a voice
was raised in his support. Judge Goldthwaitc will
soon tako his seat in that body, and bo compelled to
hear in silence the cause of his people traduced and
their leaders vilified. If he opens his lips in then-
defense ho will find himself assailed by the entire
bodj; of northern Senators, irrespective of nominal
party divisions among themselves. And who can
blauie them'?"
That is, the Democratic Senators on this
floor.
"Their land is not our land, their gods not onrs.
We arc pleased that Groldthwaite was elected Sen-
ator only because it is equivalent to the defeat
and disappointment of the impudent adventurer,
Wakxeh."
My honorable Democratic friends on this
floor will see that there is an extreme in the
South to which these Democratic editors and
other leaders go which they falter to follow;
and I want them to choose what they will do.
I will read a similar editorial from tfee Mobile
