574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
fell from me without reply. Sir, the Senator
made no reply. The Senator talked, but he
did not reply.
I expressed this opinion, sir, that the papers
lying upon your table were a dark record of
crime reported officially to this Government.
I know something of the contents of those
papers. I have taken some little pains to under-
stand something about thegreat contest through
which we have passed in the last fifteen or
twenty years. Since the close of the war, by
word and act, I have striven to bring peace
and order to the whole country, and to do acts
of kindness to that portion of our countrymen
who went into the rebellion. I have visited
theiu when in prison; I have aided in getting
them out of prison. I have the evidence of
some of the most eminent statesmen and gen-
erals of the South in my possession gratefully
acknowledging these acts of kindness. My
rooms have been thronged by these men since
the close of the war whenever they wanted
personal favors or acts done to aid their sec-
tion of the country. I have been in communi-
cation with many of them, and my wish is and
has been to adopt a liberal and generous policy.
So far as I eau go consistent with maintain-
ing the rights of all and protecting all, I am
ready to go.
I have offered a bill that expresses my own
views in regard to amnesty. I would relievo
all except the men who were in the cabinet in
1860 and 1861, or who were in the Senate and
llouse of Representatives of that year. _ Many
of those men I would relieve of their disabili-
ties if th y ask it. Many of them have borne
themselves with dignity and with honor since
the close of the war. I would vote to relieve
Breckinridge, because since the close of the
war he has conducted himself, so far as I know,
liko a high-toned and honorable gentleman.
Of several others who left these Chambers and
rushed into the rebellion 1 can say the same.
To all such I would extend amnesty whenever
they should ask it.
Sir, it never entered my mind that an earn-
est, constitutional, legal effort here in Congress
to investigate these murders, these outrages
that are perpetrated by a class of lawless men
in portions of the country, and to find a rem-
edy if we could, would be met by any oppo-
sition here, or that it had anything of political
significance about it. I have no desire to drag
in this question or any other question here to
save what the Senator is pleased to call "a
perishing party." I have heard a great deal
during the last ten years about " a perishing
party," but it has so happened, (and I would
remind the Senator from California that it may
happen again,) that this expression, "perish-
ing party," has been rather on the lip here in
the Senate than in the ballot-boxes of the
country. I have no anxiety about this "per-
ishing party 1 have not the slightest anxiety
about the result of the next presidential elec-
tion ; and I have little more doubt about that
result any more than I had in 1800, or 18U4,
or 1808.
But, sir, I desire to say to the Senator from
California that I think he went quite too far in
imputing dishonorable motives to us. The
record of the last dozen years does not justify
such imputations. From the time of the inva-
sion of Kansas, in 1855, to this hour, we have
been sustained by the official record, and more
than vindicated. The official records will prove
and have proved that on every occasion where
we have denounced these outrages they were
larger then they were represented here. They
are now, and many Senators know it. We have
seen our friends mutilated; we have stood
by their dead bodies: we have stood by their
graves,
Mr. President, I expected, when the war
closed, with the great cause of all our woes,
slavery, overthrown, that there would be some
outrages in the South. We had only glimpses
of the evils of slavery before the war. The
most ardent abolitionists never had anything
but glimpses of them. They never sounded
the full depths of its enormities and what it
was capable of doing. It will take a hundred
years to extirpate these evils. The poison is
in the very blood of portions of our people.
The evils that it wrought in the country will
be felt for a century after we have passed
away. It was only when that system went
down in fire and blood that we began to com-
prehend the evils it lias wrought in the coun-
try. I expected that there would be some
outrages. Bat, sir, these outrages have vastly
exceeded anything that I expected. Hundreds
of men, I may say thousands of men, have lost
their lives. Crimes have been committed by
organized, armed, lawless bands in portions
of the South.
Mr. President, I desire to put an end to all
this; to put it down by a sound, rational pub-
lic opinion throughout the nation. I would
rally the good men and the order-loving men
of the South against these outrages. I would
try to execute the laws. I would have the
people everywhere feel that the sympathy and
the support of the Federal Government are
behind the Constitution and behind the laws.
This strength, going out from the capital into
the lawless regions of the country, will awe and
put down lawless men and strengthen the weak
and the timid, and give courage to the men
who would have law and order. 'It seems to
me we all ought to strive to do this work of
humanity.
When these 4hings are accomplished, as I
trust they soon will be, perhaps we shall have
a "perishing party;" perhaps the party now
in power will perish because it has not a great
deal to do. A party must have some policy,
something to do in this world, to live, unless
it be one of those old conservative concerns
that never has anything to do but to oppose
whatever is done. Such an organization may
gain strength because it can stand still and
do nothing. I suppose there have been such
bodies of people.
I say to the Senator from California that I
think his remarks utterly unjustifiable; that
his imputation is sustained by no facts in our
previous history. I do not think any com-
mittee the Senate would raise would under-
take to manufacture or to have manufactured
before it false testimony to affect anybody or
any set of men. I have too much confidence
in the honor of this body to believe any such
thing. I have no idea that if this subject is
referred to a special committee that committee
will be 'one made up from one party in this
Chamber. I should like to see put upon it gen-
tlemen of talent, of character, known before
the country to be fair-minded and honest men
of both the political parties. Let them exam-
ino this matter. If there be any remedies for
the present condition of things let them be
proposed. At any rate, let one voice go out
from this Chamber, and from Washington, and
from the loyal part of the country, and let that
voice be, protection to all classes and condi-
tions of men throughout, the country. Let it
be a voice that shall hush all outcries, redress
wrongs, and repress violence in every part of
the land, and protect all portions of our coun-
try and our countrymen.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I suppose
there is no doubt in the mind of any Senator
that there is a disturbed condition of affairs in
several of the southern States. I presume the
distinguished Senator from California, if he
could read the papers of his own political
party, the Democratic papers in the southern
States, would admit that in the records they
themselves furnish there was abundant evi-
dence of a disturbed condition of affairs there;
that there were outrages and violences fre-
quently committed there which were unusual
in civilized society; that there were crimes
committed which were not necessarily to be
expected while the fires of the rebellion were
being quenched; that there is existing there a
condition of things which we had no right to
expect to follow even the great civil convulsion
through which we have passed. I would not
ask the Senator from California to consult the
Republican papers of the South to find this
information. lie will find it in every Demo-
cratic paper in every southern State. He will
find that the rights of citizens of one or the
other political party are frequently outraged
and violated on account of their political con-
duct. He will find that men are deterred from
acting in certain political ways by violence, by
fraud, by intimidation, by injustice of various
kinds.
I do not assort that this is always on one
side; but I do assert that it does exist; and I
assert, without fear of contradiction, that as a
general thing the sufferers by this kind of vio-
lence and outrage are men who profess the faith
of the Republican party. I do assert that as
a general thing the men who commit these vio-
lences and outrages are men who do not vote
the Republican ticket, whether they be Dem-
ocrats, or whether they be something else. I
do assert that the men who commit these out-
rages are not men who love the Government
of the United States, or who love the govern-
ments which have been set up in the recon-
structed States. I charge these outrages upon
no political party; but I say that this is the
fact: that they are committed by men who, in
the main, are not Republicans, and the suf-
ferers by them, in the main, are men who are
Republicans.
1 can understand very well, looking at it
from a partisan point of view, why the Sen-
ator from California should not desire to have
an investigation made into affairs of this kind.
I can understand very well his objection to
having this subject investigated by a fair and
impartial committee of this body. I can well
understand that such an investigation might
be found to implicate some of his political
friends. In view of the observation we have
been able to have of the action of the Derr^
cratic party for the last ten years, I am nst
surprised that a Democrat should object to an
investigation which will show the character
of some of the allies of that party in no very
enviable light.
Mr. President, I am as willing as any Sen-
ator to overlook slight offenses against the
laws in that section of the country which has
recently been the theater of one of the most
violent conflicts which have taken place in
the history of man. I am as willing as any
Senator to grant complete amnesty for all acts
done in aid of the late rebellion. It is well
known here that my views upon that subject
are in complete harmony with those of the
distinguished Senator from California. I am
frequently arraigned by my political friends
for being thus liberal in my sentiments on
that subject.
But, sir, I hold it to be one of the first
duties of a Government, one of the first duties
not only of the State governments which have
been set up in the South, but of the national
Government, to protect its own citizens in
their constitutional rights. I tell you, sir,
that to-day an English subject is safer from
wrong in some parts of our territory than an
American citizen. I tell you, sir, that the
Government of Great Britain would reach out
its arm of power and give adequate protection
to British subjects domiciled in other coun-
tries who should be treated as many an Amer-
ican citizen is treated to-day without the arm
of the State or the national Government being
lifted in his behalf. I say that the Govern-
ment of the United States having caused State
governments to be set up in the States lately
in insurrection, is bound either to see thut
those State governments are sufficient for the
purposes for which they were formed or to
protect the citizen by the national power.
I admit, sir, and I admit it with pain, that
there are in many of the States of the South
large numbers of officers of the State govern-
ments who are unfit to perform the duties
