1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1401
tee of the "Whole with a view of debating and
offering amendment; but if this be the rule, I
can see no advantage in the Committee of the
Whole.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that it is in order for a gentleman who has the
floor to make the motion which has been made
bythegentlemanfromMaryland, [Mr. Swans.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask if the motion of
the gentleman from Maryland is in order?
The joint resolution has not yet been read a
second time for amendment. We have had no
chance to propose amendments. The order
in the Committee of the Whole, as I under-
s'and it, is that a bill or joint resolution shall be
read first for the information of the committee,
and then a second time for amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
motion of the gentleman from Maryland is in
order.
Mr. BANKS. It is clearly in order.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the joint resolution.
Mr. BANKS. That is not in order, pend-
ing the motion to rise.
The question was put on Mr. Swanx's mo-
tion, and there were—ayes 40, noes 22; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Mayxard
and Mr. Swanx were appointed.
Mr. FERRISS. I hope the motion will not
prevail. I am in favor of the joint resolution
as it stands; but lam opposed to this choking
off debate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman will
give us the yeas and nays in the House we
will not insist on a division here.
Mr. BANKS. Certainly we will do that.
I would like to make a statement of fact in
relation to this matter. It is represented
on this side of the House that gentlemen op-
pose this motion because my colleague [Mr.
Dawes] has not been heard. We have no
objection whatever to his debating the ques-
tion at length ; but what I understood him
to say was that he wanted the floor in his
own right, and was not willing to speak without
that. Now, by the uniform custom of the
House, the member of the committee report-
ing a measure has the right to the floor, and
I understand my colleague from Maryland to
be pursuing that practice. If there is any
doubt as to whether we wish to exclude my
colleague from being heard I will ask unani-
mous consent that he be permitted to express
his opinion on this question for five minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair offered the
floor to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. BANKS. And he would not take it,
because he wanted it in his own right.
Mr. SCOFIliLD. With the understanding
that we are to have the yeas and nays in the
House, I will not further oppose the motion to
rise.
Mr. BANKS. I will call the yeas and nays
myself.^
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 09, noes 54.
So the motion was accordingly agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Lougiiridue
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to the order
of the House, had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being the bill (H. R. No. 2816) making
appropriations for the support ofthe Army for
the year ending June 30, 1872, and for other
purposes, and had directed him to report the
same to the House with sundry amendments.
He also further reported that the Committee
ofthe Whole on the state of the Union had
had under consideration the joint resolution
of the House No. 46-1, authorizing the Presi-
dent of the United States to appoint a joint
commission upon the northwestern boundary,
and had directed him to report the same to the
House without amendment.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DICKEY. I now call the previous
question upon the Army appropriation bill
and the amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments reported from
the Committee of the Whole were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Speaker, I wish to state
to the House that whatever else may be said
with reference to other branches of the Gov-
ernment, there has been a commendable econ-
omy in the War Department. This bill ex-
hibits a reduction of the current expenses of
the Army for the coming fiscal year of over
two million dollars compared with the Army
bill of last year. The apparent reduction is
enhanced, from the fact that in the bill for the
support of the Army last year no appropri-
ation was made for the Bureau of Surgery
and Medicine, or for the Ordnance Bureau,
those bureaus relying upon the large balances
remaining over from former appropriations.
That amount, added to the §2,000,000 of sav-
ing shown upon the face of this appropriation
bill, makes an actual saving of §2,600,000 in
the expenses of the Army over last year.
I might, perhaps, if it were necessary and
it were germane to a mere appropriation of
money for the support of the Army, in execu-
tion of existing laws—I might, perhaps, ani-
madvert upon some remarks made yesterday
by gentlemen on the other side as to the uses
madeof this Army. Onegentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] lashed himself into a tre-
mendous fury, a furor almost equal to that
with which he threatened that Army on its
approach to New York at the last November
election, when he threatened to hurl this little
Army of onrs into New York bay. Yet when
the Army approached that city, that gentleman
was entirely quiet, and reserved all his violence
and thunder till yesterday in this House.
The gentleman spoke of the Army being
properly used for maintaining peace among
the Indians. That is unquestionably so. But
I think the great mass of well-thinking men
of this country believe that there is more dan-
ger to the institutions of this country, and to
the liberties of this country, from the Indians
of New York than from the Indians of the
plains. The great chiefs of Tammany, Tweed,
Sweeny, Fisk, and others, in council at Tam-
many Hall, are more dangerous to the liberties
of this country than any council held by Red
Cloud, Spotted Tail, and Big Bull on the
plains.
Sir, if no other arraignment of the Presi-
dent of the United States, if no other arraign-
ment of the officers and men of the Army of
the United States shall ever be made than for
using the Army to maintain the purity of the
ballot box, and to preserve the right of every
man to vote, and to see that no man shall be
restrained or hindered from voting who has a
right to vote, I think the President of the
United States and the Army of the United
States will survive all such attacks as those
made by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] in the interest of that Indian coun-
cil of which he is one of the representatives.
Mr. Speaker, I sometimes think, in the dis-
cussions which go on upon this floor with refer-
ence to the Army, that the gallant men who
compose that Army have made a mistake, that
they have fought upon the wrong side. The
sympathies attempted to be invoked here during
such discussions are very frequently in favor ot"
those who fought upon the other side. This
htile Army of ours, embracing thirty thousand
men, is the last remaining portion ot that Army
of a million men that conquered peaceaud pre- ,
served the unity and integrity of this Republic.
Something of gratitude I think is due from the
country to this Army; and when an appropri-
ation bill is presented for their support under
existing laws, I think it is neither seemly nor
right that they should be arraigned before the
country, and that the sympathies of certain
members of this House should be expressed in
favor of those whom this Army crushed. Yet,
sir, we find that even the biood-earned right
to sleep upon the field of battle, on the ground
which is bedewed by their blood, is questioned
here. The title to the cemeteries where our
heroes' bones repose is questioned on the floor
of the House of Representatives of the people.
Sir, the highest of all titles exists to those
sacred grounds. The nation has willed it. The
officers of the Government, acting in obedience
to the laws of war, have carried out that will;
and the nation in legislating upon the subject
has approved the conduct of those officers. By
this supreme authority it is decreed that our
heroes shall sleep there forever undisturbed.
Mr. Speaker, I have been betrayed, I fear,
into the same mistake which has been com-
mitted by my friends on the other side, by dis-
cussing questions not entirely germane to this
bill. I yield for a moment to my colleague,
[Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
occupy two or three minutes of the time of the
House, although I know it is very valuable,
on a subject that came up yesterday in relation
to this bill, and which, as developed in the
debate, which I did not hear, but which I find
reported in the Globe, partakes somewhat of
a personal nature.
Some time ago, in a little discussion which
sprang up relative to naval officers, I stated
on this floor that the bill passed at the last
session relative to the pay of the Army had
increased quite largely the pay of nearly all
the officers. The statement was stoutly de-
nied. Subsequently I drew up a resolution,
which was adopted, calling upon the Secretary
of the Treasury to give to this House an
exact statement of every species of pay and
allowance given to the officers of the Army
prior to the passage of that act, and also a
statement in detail of the amonnts allowed
under that act, so that we could make a com-
parison. That resolution was fully, carefully,
and, as I believe, accurately answe. ed; and the
answer shows that while there is a small
reduction in the pay of the General and the
Lieutenant General of the Army, and also in
the pay of two classes of surgeons, embracing
a very small number and making but a very
small amount, the pay of every other officer
m the Army is increased. While we save live
or six thousand dollars a year on the pay of
those few officers, we pay to the others, I
presume, at least $500,000 more than we paid
before the passage of that act. Take, for
instance, the increased pay of a captain. The
addition to the pay of au officer of that rank
is $342 50.
1 believe we have something over three hun-
dred captains in the Army, and the additional
pay to those officers alone under the '"reform "
bill of last session is something over one hun-
dred thousand dollars. By reterence to Exec-
utive Document No. 102, it will be seen that
the pay of the whole Army has in this way
been increased with the exception of the Geu-
eral and the Lieutenant General and a few
surgeons. The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logax.] whom I do not now see in his seat,
stated upon this floor ye&terday, according to
the report in the Globe, that lie had cautioned
me in advance that if I did not make my call
specific the Department would cheat me. Sir,
that eali was specific; and it was fairly and
honestly answered. The deception is on the
other side. In the document to which I have
referred will be found a careful statement of
the different items which made up the pay of
the officers of the Army prior to the passage
of the act of last session. It will be found
