576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
enough for this purpose. Why, then, should
you abandon your whole doctrine of living
under a government of laws, and at all times
and in every emergency resort to nothing better
than simple brute force ?
You cannot say that Federal laws do not
take cognizance of the alleged crimes, because
you have within the past year swept into the
vortex of Federal jurisdiction all the,offenses
complained of, and deprived the State tri-
bunals of their legitimate and constitutional
powers.
Within the last two or three days there has
been some testimony from your chosen agents
in the southern States, th'e Governors, so called,
of South Carolina and Georgia, upon this sub-
ject ; and even in to-day's paper I find a mes-
sage of Governor Scott, of South Carolina,
responding to the Legislature of that State and
giving his reasons for not using troops to sup-
press violence. He states as follows :
" I cannot say with truth, upon any information
in my possession, t]iat in any section of the State the
laws are not executed, for not a single ease has been
reported in which tho officers of tho law have boon
resisted in the discharge of their duties."
And in a subsequent portion of his message
he declares:
"At prosent X would call yourattcntion to (he fact
that all eases of reported violence are individual
violations of tho law, that poms of them have as-
sumed tho character of public combinations against
the law, and that they aro all within the regular
jurisdiction of the criminal courts."
Mr. THIIHMAN. What paper is that ?
Mr. BAYARD. The Daily Chronicle, con-
taining Governor Scott's message, dated the
17t.h day of January, of the present year. I
have read within two days a message or some
public utterance—I forget, precisely the form
that it took—made by Governor Bullock, of
Georgia.
Mr. TflUllMAN. A letter.
Mr. BAYARD. A letter of Governor Bul-
lock, ((speak ofit, however, as being Governor
Bullock's contribution of testimony—1 care not
as to tho precise form in which lie gave it, it'
certainly was his testimony on this subject,) in
which ho declared that, save and except some
disturbance in a single congressional district,
there had been a fair, regular, orderly election
held throughout that State.
Mr. Til UK.MAN. If my friend will allow
me to interrupt him, I saw that letter, and
according to my recollection of it there is no
charge of disturbance in the election. 1 think
the intimation is that there was bribery in otic
district.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator if this
was not Governor Bullock's statement: that,
except in a district or portion of the country
pointed out, there had been as ('air and orderly
an election as could be held at this time, i
ask if that was not the statement?
Mr. T11UJIMAN. What morodo you want
than that?
Mr. BAYARD. I sent out to obtain the
paper in which I saw this letter, which was the
Daily Patriot, of the city of Washington, and
I find that that paper is not permitted entrance
on the files of the Senate; and 1 therefore was
unable to procure it. I do not pretend to give
Governor Bullock's words, but 1 do confidently
bring him here to the Senate and put him on
the stand as a witness ; and 1 think Senators
will admit that anything that conies from this
Governor Bullock in favor of law, order, and
good government, and the existence of those
things in Georgia, is certainly wrung from him,
and must be true indeed. It was his business
here within a year to fill this Chamber with the
vilest slanders against his people, and to make
you believe that there could be in Georgia no
semblance of freedom of election ; that the
right of suffrage was denied, and that force,
conspiracy, and all sorts of dark conspiracies
brooded over that State and completely shut
out the operation of the laws. Now, it seems
Governor Bullock voluntarily says that state
of things has passed away. I cite him, Sen-
ators, as your witness, not mine. His confes-
sions, for such they are, are good as against
himself and those with whom he acts.
Now, on the contrary, we hear speeches in
this Chamber in which we are told of individual
acts of violence. Extracts are read of the most
intensely bitter nature from certain southern
newspapers, in which it would seem that gen-
tlemen of both political parties on this floor
are equally denounced for not following those
writers in their intemperate views and bitter
personal feelings. Is it not a farce to suppose
that while the Senate of the United States is
trying this great indictment against a whole
people senatorial minds are to be affected by
these irresponsible, anonymous, unsupported
statements culled from the writings of bitter
and disappointed men? If that be the kind of
testimony upon which you are to try, not the
life or the fortune or the rights of a single man,
however humble, but to try the rights of a
whole people to govern themselves, free from
your interference, I could go to your leading
papers in the city of New York, I could take
papers that are almost the political Bibles of
such Senators as the Senator from Massachu-
setts who spoke but just now, and I could there
show you evidences of a feeling against the
southern people that would shut the gates of
mercy upon them and their posterity forever,
If I bring you, then, from the northern press
extracts as bitter, as unreasonable, as unjust
as those which have been read to you from the
South, will you send your committee to the
North and reconstruct those States until no
man shall print or say anything that seems
offensive to the ear of a Radical majority ? Is
that to bo your test of liberty ? And yet that
seems to be tho idea, according to the tenor
of the arguments and speeches I have heard
made here by the Senator from South Carolina
and the Senator from Alabama.
There was an election held in Alabama, as
in other States, last fall. A Legislature, a
Governor, a State treasurer, and other officers
were elected. The Governor, not content with
the result of that election as evidenced by the
counting of the votes, first took the usual
remedy indicated by congressional example
and attempted by force to keep possession of
the archives of the State and the papers of his
office. Failing in that, he resorted to the legal
tribunals of his State. I have said to you, Sen-
ators, that those laws are all administered by
men of your own party. All men who had
prior to the rebellion held any office or dignity
in tho southern States, or any office which
compelled them to swear to support the Consti-
tution of the United States, were disfranchised
by your fourteenth amendment. The men in
Alabama who presided in the tribunals to
which those questions were carried were men
entirely in sympathy with the Radical candi-
dates in that State, ile did resort to the laws,
as he ought at first to have resorted to them,
and he failed ; and now what is the result ? We
find among other things that the Senator from
Alabama, who has in my hearing constantly
on this floor been preaching good will and
kindness toward the people whom he repre-
sented, who has professed himself willing to
abide by their choice and to give them every
opportunity of choice, has changed his ground.
It is a matter within your own knowledge that
his successor to this body has been chosen from
a different political party, and that he himself
has been rejected at the hands of his constit-
uents. I cite this fact, merely to say that, if
his election has been improperly defeated he
certainly has a legal remedy for it without
resorting to unusual methods.
There is one. fact which I do not think will
be disputed by any gentleman on this floor, let
him come from what section he may. It is
one of which 1 have personal knowledge by my
own individual experience, and which I believe
is concurred in by the entire country, and it
is, that in regard to the class of voters whom
in fact you rely upon, arid rely upon alone, in
the southern States, whom you have by your
so-called constitutional amendments and laws
made in pursuance thereof granted the right
of suffrage, that class has exhibited in every
part of this country—I make no exception—
the utmost tyranny in respect of allowing any
difference of opinion to themselves or to the
majority of them. All over this country there
has been one concurrent current of testimony
to the effect that no colored man in the North
or in the South can vote against the majority
of his own class and his own people except
at the peril of his life.
Mr. WARNER. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him for one moment?
Mr. BAYARD. I shall be through directly,
and then the Senator can go on. I have but
little more to say.
As I have heretofore stated, this debate has
.been sprung upon us suddenly; these questions
have been raised suddenly, and to my great
regret raised at all. I do not desire to reply
in any terms of unkindness. I do not desire
to use a party phrase or a party name. To me
the subject is too vast and too high for that.
But here I would state my most honest con-
viction, my sincere belief that the treatment
and the cure for the evils which I see premed-
itated by the majority of this body, indicated
by this spirit to stir up these old and cold ashes
of strife—that spirit is to receive its rebuke
and that cure is to come from the sentiment
of the people of the northern States.
I have feared, and my fears have been often
too well realized, that it was sufficient to cry
out against a man "rebel" or against a State
"rebellion" or "secession," and it was
enough to paralyze the arm of the Constitu-
tion and of the law to protect that man or that
State in his or their constitutional rights. The
cure for this must be in a change of sentiment
in the northern States. I have never believed,
and I have not been disappointed, 1 am sorry
to say, that the southern States have any
chance on God's earth before the Congress of
the United States unless they completely sub-
mit themselves to the will of the dominant
party. The remedy for that is where? It is
in that section where that party has its strength
and existence. Now, it may be true, as the
Senator from Massachusetts said, that his
party is growing; it may be true that his party
is strengthening in the opinion of the northern
people. If it is so, it is God's will, and I can-
not prevent it. But I do not believe it to be
so ; and whether it is so or not, still I believe
that the cure rests there.
There is ill the common heart of humanity
something that partisans cannot reach and
cannot touch. There is in the abstract sense
of justice, simple fair play, common good faith,
something that appeals to the hearts of men in
masses, and to which they do respond', and if
the northern people shall look upon the hum-
bugs and the shams that you have called repub-
lican governments in the reconstructed States,
if they shall see a people misrepresented here
in Congress after Congress, men assuming to
speak for them when every man in his heart
knows that there is no moral right so to rep-
resent them, that no such thing as the voice
of the chosen representatives of the people of
the southern States lias been heard here for '
many a long year, and when.you seek to keep
alive that fraud and that sham by means of a
constant resource to military power, then I
say that if there be not enough honesty, enough
courage, enough intelligence in my fellow-citi-
zens of the northern States to repudiate such
schemes, 1 have no hope but that we shall live
to see a Government of laws supplanted by a
Government of force all over our country.
The bitter cup you Senators and Representa-
tives from the northern country have pressed
and now seek yet again to press to the lips of
the people of the South may at no distant day
be returned to your own.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I was not
in the Senate when the resolution was offered
en which this debate has sprung up. I cam©
