1402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
that the statement includes not only pay proper
but allowances for clothing, rations, servants,
horses, and everything of that kind. All these
items are given in detail in the document, and
from a comparison of the figures the large
increase of pay under the new law is clear.
The gentleman stated yesterday that quar-
ters atid fuel were left out. So they were.
Quarters under the old law were commuted,
and so was fuel. Under the reform bill quar-
termasters furnish quarters and commissaries
fuel. Prior to the act of last session we paid
officers so much commutation for quarters and
fuel, and now under that law they are furnished
with quarters and fuel. I have the authority
of some of the highest officers in the Army
that at present it costs a great deal more than
when there was commutation for fuel and
quarters.
Mr. DICKEY. I must resume the floor and
insist on a vote.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DICKEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
northwestern boundary.
The SPEAKER. The question next recurs
on House joint resolution No. 464, authorizing
the President of the United States to appoint
a joint commission upon the northwestern
boundary, reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SWANN. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. HOLM AN. Let the rest be read.
The Clerk read the joint resolution. It
authorizes the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to cooperate with the Government of
Great Britain in the appointment of a joint
commission, in accordance with the plan and
estimates of A. A. Humphreys, brigadier gen-
eral and chief of engineers, submitted Novem-
ber 23, 1870, for determining the boundary
line between the United States and the British
possessions between the Lake of the Woods
and the Rocky mountains, at such time as
he may deem advisable ; and provides that
$100,000, or so much thereof as may be re-
quired, be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to carry into effect the
object of said joint commission on thepart of
the United States and Great Britain, until the
said boundary shall have been established.
Mr. HOLMAN. The words " per annum " j
have been stricken out. I
Mr. SWANN. Those words have been j
stricken out. !
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman to >
state whether this provides for an appropria- ;
tion of $100,000 a year running on indefi- ,
nitely? i
The SPEAKER. The words "per annum" ;
have been stricken out, so that the joint reso- '
lution simply provides for an appropriation of 1
$100,000. Whether it shall be renewed or not j
is the question for Congress. !
Mr. SWANN. I will yield forfive minutes '
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. 1
Dawes. ] j
Mr. BANKS. I have agreed to call the !
yeas and nays on the passage of the joint reso- j
lution. I
The SPEAKER. They will be considered j
as ordered. j
Mr. DAWES. I am allowed five minutes. |
I should like a little more time. If the yeas
and nays be ordered the joint resolution can- j
not be disposed of to-day before the special j
order comes up. If it be allowed to go over,
it will be agreeable to me. i
Mr. BANKS. Settle it now. 1
Mr. DAWES. "Will the gentleman from
Maryland ask my colleague how much time I
am to be allowed?
Mr. BANKS. I will answer that. My col-
league on the Committee on Foreign Affairs
pursues the uniform course of gentlemen hav-
ing charge of a bill. He has offered the floor
to my colleague repeatedly. He has been
treated exactly as other members have been
treated. He cannot be allowed more time
without losing the joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. Under the order of the
House this joint resolution goes over to Mon-
day next after the morning hour, as the unfin-
ished business, as the hour has arrived for
taking up the McGarrahan case.
Mr. BANKS. Has not the previous question
been ordered?
The SPEAKER. The previous question
has not been ordered. The gentleman simply
demanded it.
Mr. CULLOM. And it will not be ordered.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution goes
over till Monday after the morning hour. The
hour of half past twelve having arrived, the
House will proceed to consider the report of
the Judiciary Committee, which was made a
special order at that hour to the exclusion of
all other business.
WILLIAM M'GARRAHAN.
The House proceeded to consider the report
of the Committee on the Judiciary, on the
memorial of William McGarrahan, referred to
the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will first read
the resolution reported by the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Peters] from the majority of the
committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it resolved by the House of Representatives of the
United States of America in Congress assembled, That
William McGarrahan is not entitled to the relief
prayed for in his petition, and that thecommittee be
discharged from a further consideration of the same.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, on behalf of the minority
of the committee reports a resolution which
he moves shall be substituted for the report of
the majority, and which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Amei iea al Congress assembled.
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and lie hereby
is, directed to cause the record on pages 312 to 321,
inclusive, in volume four of " California Land
Claims,'" of the patent of a tract of land known as
the"Panoche Grande." as set forth therein, to be
transcribed into the records as the same stood on
the record book of the General Land Office at the
time it was examined, without any mutilation or
erasure whatever, so that the tec,-a I effect of the rec-
ord so transcribed shall be the same as if the ori-
ginal record had never been interfered with or mu-
tilated; and when such record shall have been so
made, as herein provided, it shall be marked" exam-
ined,'' as it was originally marked. And the Pres-
ident of the United States is hereby authorised and
required to do in the premises whatever may, in his
judgment, be just and equitable, without regard to
any action or proceeding had subsequent to thellth
day ol March, 18i33, the date of the patent recorded.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Peters] is entitled to the floor for one
hour.
Mr. PETERS addressed the Iionse. [Ilis
remarks will be found in the Appendix.] At
the conclusion of his remarks he said: As I
have five minutes left I will yield them to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Hotchkiss]
if he will take them.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I will not take the floor
at present.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dickey.)
The gentleman has eight minutes left.
Mr. SARGEN T. I desire to ask what, is the
arrangement with reference to the discussion
of this matter?
Mr. PETERS. The time is to be equally
divided between the two sides of the question.
Mr. SARGEMT. Has there been any un-
derstanding as to who shall speak? 1 would
like to be heard on the matter; but I do not
wish to interfere with any arrangement which
may have been already made.
Mr. KELLOGG. As I understand there
are eight minutes remaining of the hour of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peteks,] I will,
if there be no objection, occupy them ; and I
may, perhaps, desire ten or fifteen minutes
altogether.
Several Members. Certainly.
Mr. KELLOGG then addressed the House.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have promised to give
half of my time to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, and I hope the Chair will notify me when
my half hour has expired.
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE addressed the House for a
half hour. [His remarks will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, so much has been
saidaboutthis remarkable case, and the motives
of gentlemen who have expressed opinions on
one side or the other have been assailed so
violently, that I am unwilling to vote without
giving my reasons for so doing. Knowing that
I would be compelled to vote one way or the
other on the question before us, as the respons-
ibility of adecision cannot properly be avoided,
I determined to study the case. I have done so;
and I am satisfied that the property rightfully
belongs to McGarrahan. At least, the United
States ought not to take it from him, even if
the title he obtained from Gomez is defective,
as it is not even pretended that the claim on
the part of the United States is asserted for
any other purpose than that of aiding the New
Idria Mining Company to obtain -possession of
property to which they have no sort of claim,
moral, legal, or equitable. The case is lealiy
one between McGarrahan and that company,
the United States Government being used now,
as it has been for the last thirteen years, as
the cats-paw for that corporation, its counsel,
retainers, and lobbyists.
I know that gentlemen who take the side of
the New Idria Company say that the only ques-
tion before Congress is whether McGarrahan's
title is valid as against the United States, and if
it is not Congress oughtto refuse himall relief,
and that it is not our business to see or inquire
what disposition is made of the property after
this claim of McGarrahan is denied. That is
simply a shallow subterfuge and deceives no
body. Every gentleman on this floor knows
that the United States has no sort of interest in
the controversy. If McGarrahan's claim is
denied the New Idria Company obtain patents
for the property at once. Indeed the late Sec-
retary of the Interior resigned his place in the
Cabinet because the Presidentwould not allow
him to issue the patents for it to the company
until Congress could investigate and determine
the rights of the parties.
The struggle has always been, and still con-
tinues to be, to bring the whole power of the
Government to bear agaiiu-.t McGarialian in
favor of a rich, influential, and unsci upuio'JS
corporation, which, relying upon the power
which wealth always possesses over poverty m
such a contest, entered upon his lands without
a shadow of claim except that of brute force,
and have taken therefrom millions of dollars,
which have been freely spent, to maintain and
make good their original wrong; and the Gov-
ernment officials have used their position, in-
fluence, and thousands of dollars of the money
of the people to aid this company in so doing.
McGarrahan's case is simply this: on the
23d of December, 18-57, he purchased from one
Vincente Gomez the Panoehe Grande Ranclio,
and paid him ยง1.100 for it, taking a convey-
ance therefor. Gomez had, in March, 184-1,
obtained it by a grant from Mieheltorena, the
Mexican governor; his grant had been de-
stroyed by lire, along with many others, at
Monterey, when the United States troops took
possession of that place. By the treaty of
i Guadalupe Hidalgo all the Mexican grants
