1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
in just at the close of the remarks of the Sen-
ator from California, and heard nothing of
what preceded. I shall not, therefore, allude
to anything that has been said in this debate;
nor shall I discuss the question before the Sen-
ate at any very great length. I have no doubt
that the resolution will pass. I have no doubt
that a report will be made, and I prefer to wait
for the facts. But there are some things that
ought to be said now.
This resolution calls, as I understand it, for
an investigation into certain alleged violence
that has occurred in the southern States that
is political in its character; and I infer, from
what I have heard since I came in, that the
ground of the investigation is that that violence
was intended to influence the elections in those
States. If the resolution has any further scope
than that I did not comprehend it rightly; and,.
that I may be certain about it, I will ask that
it be read again.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The resolution will be again
reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the messagesof tliePresident, with
the accompanying papers, be referred to a select
committee, to consist of five members, who shall have
power to employ a clerk and a stenographer, to send
for persons and papers, and to investigate the mat-
ters therein refeued tu, and inquire into the truth
or falsehood of the crimes and outrages of a political
character alleged to have been committed in the
southern States, and whether there be in those States
security for persons andjii-operty.
Mr. THURMAN. That I suppose to be, as
the resolution would seem to import, in re-
sponse to this clausc in the President's annual
message—the opening paragraph of the mes-
sage :
" A year of peace and general prosperity to this
nation has passed since the last assembling of Con-
■gress. We have, through a kind Providence, been
blessed with abundant crops, and have been spared
from complications and war with foreign nations.
In our midst comparative harmony has been re-
stored. It is to be regretted, however, that a free
exercise of the elective franchise has, byviolenee
and intimidation, been denied to citizens, in excep-
tional cases, in several of the States lately in rebel-
lion, and the verdict of the people has thereby been
reversed."
The Senator from Indiana, on a previous day
of the session, if am correct, introduced a reso-
lution calling upon the President for the inform-
ation on which this statement in the annual
message is based. A response having been
made to that resolution, he now moves that a
select committee be appointed to take the tes-
timony thus furnished by the President into
its consideration, and also with power to send
lor persons and papers. I think, therefore, I
am quite right in assuming that the object and
scope of this resolution is to inquire whether
the exercise of the elective franchise in the
southern States has been interrupted by vio-
lence. That I take to be the object. It is, in
other words, 10 preserve the purity of elections.
Now, the first thing that strikes with sur-
prise one who has investigated this subject is
that the learned Senator did not go further in
his resolution. Which are the States referred
to by the President? I have puzzled my brain
over that problem, and I can find but two
States to which he could have referred. Ho
. refers to States in which the verdict of the
people has been reversed by threats and in-
timidation, reversed in the elections in the
year 1870. He cannot refer to Virginia, for
she voted in 1870 as she voted in 1869. He
cannot refer to South Carolina, for she voted
in 1870 as she voted in 1869. He cannot refer
to Georgia, for the election had not been held
in Georgia When this message was sent in; nor
to Mississippi, for I think there was no elec-
tion in Mississippi this year; nor to Texas, for
there was no election there; nor to Arkansas,
for there the Republicans prevailed. The only
States, then, to which he can have referred
are the States of North Carolina, Florida, and
Alabama. But in Florida, by means that I
shall presently allude to, the Republican can-
didates are declared to be elected. So that
41st Cong, 3d Sess.—No. 37.
the message would seem to refer to but two
States, North Carolina and Alabama, where
the Conservative or Democratic party carried
the elections, although previously those States
had been carried by the Republicans.
The first thing that strikes one as singular,
when you come to analyze the message, and
find that these are the two States which are
referred to, is that in each of those States a
Conservative has been elected to the Senate
of the United States ; and a suspicious man, a
man -who was inclined to impute motives—
which I am not, and I do impute none—would
be very apt to surmise that the whole scope
and object of this thing is to lay a foundation
for defeating the will of the people of those
States in the choice of their Senators.
But, Mr. President, I wanted to ask the
Senator who moved this resolution why it is,
with his views of the power of Congress, that
he limits llis inquiry to these exceptional cases
of violence. If he wishes to preserve the purity
of elections in the South why is it that he can
see nothing but some violence of a mysterious
or mythical Kuklux Klan? Why is it that he
cannot look at the statute laws of South Caro-
lina, of Florida, of Alabama, of Texas, of
Arkansas, of Louisiana? Why is it that he
does not see that in each of those States, unless
Alabama is an exception, it is by the statute
law enacted by Radical Legislatures absolutely
in the power of the Radical Governors of those
States to elect whom they please, and defeat
whom they please for every important office
within the gift of the people ? Why is it that
he cannot see that?
Talk about violence! What violence to the
elective franchise on the part of a few men
who violate the laws and are punishable for it
is comparable to this wholesale wrong which
enables one man in a State to dictate who
shall be elected in that State to every office of
any importance! Sir, when the proper time
comes 1 shall present to the Senate the statutes
of those States and make the remarks that are
pertinent upon them. I have them at my
home. If I had them here I might do it to-
day ; but I have them not, and I will show
that if you want to preserve the purity of elec-
tions, if you want the majority of the legal
electors in those States to determine who
shall be their officers, if you want the voice of
the people to prevail, if you want such a thing
as a true republican government in those
States, then, if yon have the power, there is
the placc to apply the remedy.
Why, sir, look at the election in Florida;
look at eight counties thrown out that gave
majorities for the conservative candidates,
upon the merest technical grounds about their
returns that ever a sophist imagined, while
another county, giving a large Radical majority,
and to whose returns the same precise objection
applies, is countcd in favor of the Radical can-
didates and they are installed in office. Look
at that. What is a little violence in North
Carolina or Alabama compared to that? Look
at the election laws in Louisiana ; look at them
in Texas, where the Governor appoints every
officer in the State from the chief justice of
the State down to the lowest bailiff; not one
appointed by any other source or authority
than the Governor; every election officer, every
returning officer, every canvassing officer, every
judicial officer, every executive officer, every-
thing but the members of the Legislaturethem-
selves (whom he cannot appoint directly but
can indirectly through llis agencies) appointed
by one man ! Look at that. Talk of purity
ot election there! Talk of the voice of the
majority of the people prevailing! Why,
there is not a Senator on this floor from a
northern State who would listen without his
blood boiling from the top of his head to the
soles of his feet, if it was proposed to vest
such a power as that in the Governor of his
own State. What would you say if it were
proposed to vest in the Governor of Connec-
ticut, a Democrat, or in the Governor of New
York, a Democrat, the power to appoint every
officer in those States, every election judge,
every returning officer, every canvasser of
votes, and to allow them, as these laws do,
to transact all their business in secret, and be
responsible to nobody whatsoever? No; if
you want to go into the question of the purity
of elections, if you want to protect the purity
of elections, first cast out the beam that is in
your own eye before you look for the mote
that is in your neighbor's.
But, Mr. President, that is not all. There
is something very singular about these invest-
igations. Less than two years ago there was
an election in the city of Washington, where
Congress exercises exclusive jurisdiction. A
colored man nearly lost his life at the hands
of a mob on that election day ; his life was only
saved by the interference of the police, and for
a time the police itself was borne down by the
mob. What was that colored man's offense?
Nothing but this, that he sought to vote a
Democratic ticket. Where then were your
denunciations? Where then, with full and
exclusive power of legislation, were your
remedies? Where then was your committee
of investigation ? Nothing of the kind hap-
pened. It was only a Democratic negro who
was mobbed by Radical negroes, and the thing
passed in silence!
Sir, the Senator from South Carolina speaks
about his State. I do not know how true it is,
but I do know that the papers of the country,
during the last political campaign in South
Carolina, were filled with cases in which mobs
of negroes prevented the Conservative candi-
dates from addressing the people. And who
does not know that for a colored man to vote
the Democratic ticket in much the greater por-
tion of the southern country is to risk his life?
Talk of intimidation, indeed ! There never
was such intimidation in the world, there never
was such deliberate, concerted, effective in-
timidation in the world as the colored men of
the South exercise toward any one of their
brethren who seeks to vote the Democratic
ticket. It is as notorious as that the sun shiues
above our heads.
Oh, but it is said, that is the very thing we
shall investigate by means of this committee.
Well, we shall see when the report comes in.
We shall see whether there is a white side and
a black side to it. We shall see whether the
evidence will be produced of the coercion, the
intimidation, the violence exercised toward any
colored man there who seeks to vote the Dem-
ocratic ticket. 1 do not say that it has 111 every
instauee succeeded ; I know that in some local-
ities, where the whites have been sufficiently
strong to protect them, colored men have
voted the Democratic ticket; but I do know,
as a general rule—at least such is the informa-
tion of the whole country—that no colored
man, with safety to his life, where the negroes
are numerous, where they are the prevailing
portion of the inhabitants, can exercise his
own judgment in casting his vote. But no
complaint is made about that; we hear no cry
about that; we hear no "Kuklux" about
that. Nothing of that kind seems to arrest
the attention of Senators ; but whenever the
Radical party gets defeated in a State or in a
congressional district of the South, then we
hear the cry of Kuklux Klan, of outrages,
of murders, and of the intimidation that is
employed!
But, sir, that is not all. While no man in
this Senate or ill this country could wish more
than I do that we might have a perfect picture
of southern society, that it might be, as it were,
photographed and laid before our eyes so that
we might know the exact truth, believing as 1
do that the exact truth would remove much
of the misapprehension under which Senators
seem to labor—while no man is more anxious
than I am thai that should be the case, I con-
fess that I cannot help having some suspicions
