■578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
about this matter. I understand these docu-
ments go back to 18G7 
Mr. DAVIS. To 1865.
Mr. THURMAN. To 1865! . Then they
go back before peace was declared. Peace
was declared on the 20th day of August, 1866.
On that day the President issued his proclama-
tion declaring that the whole country was at
peace and that the insurrection was at an end.
Congress confirmed that proclamation by the
passage of an act regulating the pay of the
Army. The Supreme Court confirmed it by
its decision in the case of The United States vs.
Anderson, reported in 9 Wallace. So every
department of this Government has decided
that from the 20th day of August, I860, there
has been no war, no rebellion, no insurrec-
tion in this land. And now it is proposed to
go back, is it, even anterior to the declara-
tion of peace, and investigate the outrages
that have been committed down there even
when the whole South was under martial law?
What moratdo you expect, what more effect-
ive laws do you expect than the martial law
which you proclaimed over all that country?
These outrages took place when that whole
country was subject to martial law, when a
man could lose his life by the fiat of a court- j
martial: and yet we are to bo told, in the face
of all this, that Congress must now investigate
and report some remedy. 1 cannot help being
suspicious about such investigations. Still I
am not opposing a fair examination. I wish
that we could have a perfectly fair and impar-
tial investigation ; but I want it to go to a little
more than these casual outbreaks that have
been referred to. I want to know whether
there is not systematic fraud in (he southern
States. I want to know whether the power of
the people to elect their own officers is not
annulled by the laws enacted in the States to
which 1 have referred. 1 want to know if we
have the power, which the Senator from Indi-
ana has so often asserted on this floor, to
maintain reconstruction and maintain repub-
lican government, whether or not it is repub-
lican government when the Governor of a
State can elcct the whole Legislature by his
mere will and by his more fiat, and elect not
the Legislature alone, hut appoint every other
officer within the bounds of the State.
No, sir ; so long as those statutes stand, in
the face of the counting out of eight counties
in Florida, because they voted the Conserva-
tive ticket, and the counting in of another
county which was Radical, to which the same
objections lay ; with the results of the last
Louisiana election before us; with the results
of the last election in Arkansas; with the re-
sults of the last election in Texas, it will be in
vain to tell the intelligent people of America
that it is the Radical party at the South that
desires purity of election and that it is the
Democratic party that seeks to destroy it.
But again, sir, what, forsooth, is this com-
mittee to report? What is it to do? Has
there been such violence there? Then why
has not the Executive suppressed it; why has
he not been called upon to suppress it? The
only power given in the Constitution for the
interf«rence of the General Government is
the power conferred on the President of the
United States and the Congress of the United
States by the fourth section of article four:
. , I' States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of eovernment, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and on
application 01 tho Legislature, or of the Executive,
(when the Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence."
Where have been the requisitions on the
President under this clause of the Constitu-
tion ? If there has been domestic violence
there that the State authorities were unable to
suppress, what was the duty of the Executives
of those States but to call upon the President,
and what the duty of the President but to fur-
Dish military force to put down and suppress
this domestic violence ? Has there been any
such thing within the year of grace 1870 which
is referred to in the President's message?
There may have been for aught I know ; I will
not affirm that there has not been ; but I mu3t
say that I ana ignorant of it.
We hear of violence in Alabama. Was it
violence that the government of Alabama could
not suppress? If so, did the Governor of that
State call upon the President? I have heard
of no such thing. I have heard of outrages in
North Carolina; but the outrages that make
the blood tingle in the cheeks of anyman'who
loves free government and that respects human-
ity were not outrages committed even by the
people, inexcusable as they may have been,
but the outrages committed under color of law
by "Kirk's lambs," under the order of the
Governor of the State. Sir, it marks a black
passage in English history when that body of
murderers called "Kirk's lambs" riotedinthe
blood of Englishmen. There was not a man
acquainted with English history who did not
have the parallel called to his mind when he
read the atrocities of this Kirk of North Car-
olina. Sir, an outrage committed under the
color of law is tenfold an outrage ; an inhuman-
ity committed by authority is tenfold an inhu-
manity. Until men shall cease to view things
in the judgment of reason and in the light of
humanity there can be no comparison between
the spasmodic outbreaks of the people and the
deliberate and willfuland premeditated tyranny
of a government.
Mr. President, I have never uttered one
word in defense of Kuklux organizations.
The Senate will bear me witness that no one
spoke more strongly against them than I did
at tho last session. If I were looking at the
subject simply in a partisan point of view, I
am not so stupid as not to know that every
outbreak of that kind only injures the party to
which I belong, only furnishes the material for
our opponents to excite the passions of the
people and to excite the passions of Congress.
1 know it full well; and if my voice could reach
every man who violates the law in the South,
and could have potential influence with him,
it would be addressed to him in three simple
words, "obey the laws." Such are my feel-
ings ; such are my natural instincts ; and such
is my interest and the interest of the party to
which I belong. There is nothing to be gained
by us by outrages, which only furnish our ad-
versaries with pretexts for passing acts of
legislation that but a few years ago would have
shocked every sense of liberty, of freedom,
and of constitutional law that had an abiding
place in the American heart.
I have said, sir, I believe, all that I need to
say ; but I will say one word more about these
Kuklux. Mr. President, the darkest page in
English history is that which records the bloody
executions of the men whose heads fell from
the block or who were swung upon the gallows
by the oaths of Titus Oates and his confeder-
ates for complicity in an alleged Popish plot.
It was sufficient at that day, in the infuriated
condition of the public mind, to assert that
there was a plot to have it believed, to assert
that there were conspirators to give credit to
the statement, and to point the finger of the
informer at any man to send him to the scaf-
fold or to the block. That was the state of
tilings there. It may be, but I hope it is not,
that there are some men in this couutry who
think that it is only necessary to assert that
there is a Kuklux Klan to have it universally
believed; to assert that there are conspirators
and murderers in that Klan to find credit for
their assertion ; and to point the finger to a
man to have it believed that he is of the Klan.
It^ may be that there are persons who enter-
tain such sentiment, and who, believing so,
and thinking all fair in politics, are therefore
at all times ready to bring up this raw-head
and bloody-bones, and shake it in the face
of an affrighted Congress and an affrighted
people. I am not one of them.
Mr. NYE. For myself, Mr. President, I
cannot see what there is in the character of
the resolution introduced, or in the character
of the documents before this body, to elicit
this excited debate. One fact, however, is
apparent here, and has been for years, that
the moment any proposition to investigate the
wrongs and outrages in the States recently in
rebellion is presented there is no division of
sentiment in the Democratic party in opposing
such investigation. Sir, I do not know in what
this proposed investigation may result. I sup-
pose that none of us know; and therefore the
inquiry is proposed. But one thing is palpa-
ble. Not a breeze comes from the South which
does not bear on its wings the tidings of wrongs
and outrages which make the blood of human-
ity curdle in its course. If these things are
true they invoke the highest power of this
Government to protect those who are thus
treated and abused. If they are not true, then
certainly the Democratic party will be a great
gainer by having the fact appear, that for the
purpose of building up the Republican party
these reports have been circulated which are
untrue.
Now, is it true that these outrages are being
and have been perpetrated ? I hold in my hand
a book which, I presume, has not been perused
by the honoiable Senator from Ohio who has
just taken his seat, or by the honorable* Sen-
ator from Delaware, because I know how
kindly disposed both of them are ; but it is a
book of not only reported outrages, but it is a
book of facts sworn to before a judicial tribu-
nal of the State of North Carolina; and the
testimony proves these facts to have been com-
mitted. Ay, sir, it proves another thing: that
to punish them is impossible in the State of
North Carolina.
Mr. President, why this sensitiveness on the
part of my Democratic brethren ? Is it because
they fear that this investigation will show a
condition of things that is disreputable in itself,
and that victories won by these outrages would
reflect disrepute upon them ? There can be
but one reply. They fear that, or they would
not object.
This bookgivesinstancesofrepeatedscourg-
ings ; and scourgings of whom? Of American
citizens. Those honorable gentlemen know
that it called into requisition the orator of the
world's indignation to inveigh against the
Roman who had scourged a Roman citizen.
But now, in their estimation the cry that an
American citizen has been scourged is but the
cry of a party which they say is dying, while
the mark of the lash is to be seen upon the
back of the victim !
44 Can such things be,"
* * * * -fc *
" Without our special wonder?"
Is it true that we must so far confess onr
impotency as a Government as to be unable
to keep the lash from the unoffending back of
an American citizen? Is it no crime in the
estimation of my kind-hearted friend from Del-
aware, is it no crime in the opinion of the
more mature and elder gentleman from Ohio
who leads always here the Democratic host to
conflict? It would be in Ohio ; it would be in
Delaware, though they are a little more used,
I believe, if history is true, to using the lash
there than in Ohio. It is not quite so startling
to a Delawarean to hear that a man is whipped
as it would be to a man from Ohio, for they
use the lash in Delaware yet.
Mr. President, if this fact exists, I repeat
that it invokes the strong arm of the Federal
Government to protect its citizens. I hold,
and every Senator must hold with me, that
when the State organization fails to protect its
citizens from wrong and outrage, the time has
arrived when the Federal Government must
step-in and perform that function. There is
the line. Here I hane hundreds of pages, which
I shall not read, of testimony taken 'before an
organized judicial tribunal, showing that fact
