1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1405
tee of the Fortieth Congress and contrast it
with the majority report now before us with-
out being impressed with the fact that the first
is a clear, logical, judicial, and impartial state-
ment of the laws and facts as presented and
proved by the record, while the other is care-
fully and artfully prepared to sustain one side
and defeat the other. It is the difference be-
tween the opinion of a court and the argument
of counsel. In the former every fact is pre-
sented, as far as then known, to enable the
House to arrive at a correct conclusion; in
the latter all the controlling facts on McGar-
rahan's side are left out or perverted against
him. Do the majority of the committee think
this House ought not to know that the able
lawyers composing the commission, with all
the records and witnesses before them, had de-
cided that Gomez had furnished satisfactory
proof before them of the existence and destruc-
tion of his grant, and that there was no evi-
dence in existence when the case was before
the district court, and none discovered since
to militate against these controlling facts. They
have carefully concealed these things from us,
and upon them the whole question turns. Any-
body can make an argument if you let him
assort the facts to suit himself.
Does the majority think that it is not worth
while to tell the House that the docket-book
and correspondence which would have proved
McGarrahan's ease in all probability had been
abstracted from the Attorney General's office;
that all the letters in the Land Office from Jan-
uary to July, 1863, covering the period when
Mr. Lincoln signed the patent, had been stolen
to prevent the truth from being proved? Do
they think it unimportant to tell us that the
circuit judge affirmed the finding of the com-
missioners on every point except the necessity
of possession, and that the Mariposa case had
settled that after their decision in favor of
Gomez; that an appeal was granted to the
United States March 15, 1858; that Goold
had so informed Judge Black, by letter dated
March 20, 1858; that the New Idria Company
had no existence till January 28, 1858, and
entered upon these lands without pretense of
right and with full k/iowledge of the adverse
title? All these things are cautiously con-
cealed in the report. The committee might
at least have suggested that Hartman had
been contradicted; that the Stanton motion,
so called, was never filed in court, and was
long subsequent to the appeal; that the Gutier-
rez contract and the proof taken under it was
a villainous attempt at fraud; but as they have
not, I will prove it, and prove that the report
in the Fortieth Congress ought to be followed
and that of the majority now repudiated by the
House.
I now propose to show that the New Idria
Company not only have no claim, but that the
most corrupt practices have been resorted to
by their, managers to obtain property which
they knew did not belong to them. Of course
I can only glance at the outlines ; it would
require a volume to fill up the details.
To begin with: that company had no exist-
ence till some time after McGarrahan bought
the property from Gomez. They organized in
January 28, 1858. They knew of his purchase
before they took possession. They do not pre-
tend that they have any grant or that they ever
paid a dollar to anybody for it. Indeed, they
admit that they entered on it with full knowl-
edge of the claim of McGarrahan, and were
of course willful and deliberate trespassers
upon him. In a suit instituted by McGarrahan
against the company for trespass on this prop-
erty Alexander Forbes, the president of the
company, swore in his answer as follows:
"And these deponents further aver that the said
plaintiff obtained bis pretended title to said lands
on or about the22d of'September, 1857. when the said
lands wero principally vacant and valueless, and
beforeany quicksilver mines were developed, and also
before any luige sum of money had been exponded
in the necessary machinery, furnaces, &c., for work-
ing the same.''
Henry F. Pitts, the discoverer of the quick-
silver mines, swore in the same proceedings
as follows:
"This affiant was at one time a member of said
company, and the existence of said grant to Gomez
was well_ known to said company and its officers;
consultations were held from time to time as to what
was the best course to pursue in relation to said
grant, and it was determined by the company to
either buy the Gomez grant or attempt its defeat.
This was in the year of 1868."
These sworn statements of the parties in
interest place the fact beyond dispute that the
company not only entered on the lands wrong-
fully, but with full knowledge of the wrong.
Nothing more need be said on that subject
except that as original trespassers they are
entitled to no consideration from Congress. To
sustain them is to reward wrong-doers and
pay a premium to vice at the expense of an
honest though humble citizen. I shall wash
my hands of such an outrage. Pitts says the
company knew all about the grant, and in
1858, after many consultations, determined to
defeat it if they could not buy it. I did not
hear these consultations, of course, but after
all that has occurred I think I know what was
said and determined on almost as certainly as
if I had been present.
The idea that McGarrahan, a poor, friend-
less Irishman, a stranger in a strange land,
would contend with such an organization as
theirs for any length of time was to their
minds preposterous. Still it was safest to buy
from him if they could get the property f)r
little or nothing. He had bought it when it
was almost valueless; they would pay him
his money back, with some slight advances,
if he accepted the proposition. Well. They
knew that they had only to write to their friend
Judge Black and have the appeal docketed
and dismissed by the Supreme Court, and their
title was perfect. No trouble about that.
Goold was employed as counsel; a fit man, as
they doubtless knew, for any emergency. If
McGarrahan sold out, Goold would write to
Judge Black, as he did May 19,1858, in regard
to the Francisco Arias claim: "My clients
have failed to learn anything, as they expected
to, tending to create a doubt of its genuine-
ness," and, as was done in that case, the ap-
peal in the Gomez case would be docketed
aud dismissed. The Arias grant was, as I
learn, then principally owned by the leading
men in the New Idria Company, having been
bought up by them between the dates of Goold's
letters. Of course nothing could be found out
to create a doubt of its genuineness.
If McGarrahan refused to sell Goold was
the proper man to do what he wrote to Judge
Black in the same letter he would do: make
to the judge such suggestions as will lead him
to open the decree on his own motion ;" which
we now know, construing it by the light of
subsequent events, simply meant that he would
get the judge to allow his records to be muti-
lated, false entries to be made, and a judg-
ment and appeal fairly rendered and allowed
to be vacated and canceled. Yet this was the
man who, in the face of these letters, known
to be the counsel of a set of intruders and
trespassers, was by order of the Attorney
General employed by Mr. Stanton in 1858 as
special counsel for the United States against
McGarrahan, and a fee of $1,000 paid him out
of the Treasury of the United States by con-
tract made after Goold had advised the Attor-
ney General that the case was decided, an
appeal taken, and the records all sent to
Washington, where Goold could not by possi-
bility reuder any service.
The only redeeming thing I see in Goold is
that he doubtless repaid his friend ; for Judge
Black after awhile tarns up as cocounsel with
Goold for the Newldria Companyand receives
a fee of $11,000 in this case, $5,000 of which
he drew on Goold for, and is, as he says, not
satisfied yet. Aud while he was counsel for that
company Judge Black, following Goold's ex-
ample, got the old simple-minded Attorney
General Bates to appoint him special attorney
for the United States in this case, so that he
could carry on the proceedings for his clients
while appearing to do so for the Government.
But I must turn back. McGarrahan refused to
sell out on their terms, and they went to work,
as Potts said, to defeat the grant. Goold's
first detected move was to have a motion to
reinstate the ease, made in the name of Mr.
Stanton, lodged on the 7th of July, 1858. This
was after the court at which the appeal was
granted had adjourned, after the June term
had expired, when court was not in session,
and when, of course, no motion could be made.
No notice was given of it to anybody. Mr.
Stanton was not at Los Angeles, knew nothing
of the case except what Goold told him. The
pretended motion was Goold's motion, who
was not then prepared to show Ms hand. It
never was any more part of the record than
the infallibility dogma or the Declaration of
Independence; yet it cut a great figure in the
Supreme Court under the skillful management
of Judge Black.
Sims, the clerk of the court, who is black-
ened all over with crimes, among them official
forgery, seems to have been Goold's first and
readiest tool; for it appears that when McGar-
rahan first sent for the record, this pretended
motion to reinstate was sent him, to the ex-
clusion of nearly all the important papers in
the record. McGarrahan at once returned the
paper and wrote back for the complete record,
calling attention to the omissions, and respect-
fully suggesting that the paper lodged July
7, 1858, formed no part of the proceedings
of the court previous to the appeal. On the
24th of September, 1858, as I have before
stated, W. W. Stetson, then Sims's deputy,
sent a complete transcript of the record, the
same which was filed in the Supreme Court;
and I beg gentlemen to recollect distinctly
that Stetson swears that the order entered
March 15, 1858, granting an appeal to the
Supreme Court, was handed to him by the
clerk (Sims) to place in the transcript as part
of the record, and it was accordingly made
part of it, and there is no doubt of the truth
of the fact. It is abundantly proved by Whit-
ing, Ord, aud others—indeed, admitted to bs
true—that there was a standing order from
the Attorney General to the district attorneys
in California to take appeals in every instance
when a grant was confirmed by the court, and
send them to the Attorney General's Office in
Washington.
That they were so sent appears by the cer-
tificate of the clerk that in the Gomez case
and six other cases appeals were granted on
motion of P. Ord, United States district attor-
ney, on the 15th March, 1858; and by the affida-
vit of W. V. Hudson that on the 20th of April,
1860, he examined the book containing cases
appealed from the southern district of Califor-
nia, in the office of the Attorney General at
Washington, and found all seven of these cases
entered there as cases in which appeals had
been granted. If, I ask, the appeal in the
Gomez case was not granted on the 15th of
March, 1858, when was it granted prior to
April 20, 1860. It was certainly so entered
on the books of the Attorney General, ou
that day. Mr. Hudson took a full memoran-
dum of all these appeals then, and nobody
pretends that appeals were asked for or
granted in any of these cases except on the
15th of March, 1858, before April 20, 1860.
Of course that book is now lost; everything
is lost that would help McGarrahan or injure
the New Idria Company. All the letters writ-
ten by Ord informing the Attorney General
that he was counsel for Gomez,'and urging
the employment of special counsel to repre-
sent the United States in the district court,
written before the case was tried and after his
appointment to office, are lost, in company
with the correspondence with the Attorney
General's Office during 1858,1859, aud 18G0 of
