mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
January 18,
citizen, and he not a native but a naturalized
citizen, bad been improperly seized by a for-
eign Power, one of our commanders, with a
single man-of-war,, opened his port-holes and
demanded the surrender of that American citi-
zen, How the American heart leaped with joy
at this exhibition of its power and the -will-
ingness to use it. Now not merely are there
isolated cases such as I have submitted, but
they have become familiar, and so familiar
that we cease to be moved by their frequent
occurrence. I have often thought that it is
much like the first field of battle that the sol-
dier sees—terrible on first view, but a famil-
iarity with it begets a feeling quite different
from the first impression.
I hope the time has not yet arrived when we
shall be unmiudful of appeals such as come
lip here for the protection of our own citizens.
If that time has arrived with others it has not
with me. The boast of the British Govern-
ment is that it protects il.a citizens wherever
they are. The boast of the American Gov-
ernment should be that it protects its citizens
wherever they are.
But, sir, we are told—it is suggested by the
honorable Senator from Ohio—that the blacks
are intolerant. If the black man has outraged
the right of a citizen of the United States,
bring him at once to judgment: and if the
State power is inadequate, then I invoke the
power of the Federal Government to do it.
If our agencies will not perform their duty
we must do it ourselves. Reverse the picture,
and if a white man, who my friend from
Ohio evidently thinks is so much the superior
of the black, can so far forget his manhood
as to trample on his inferior, bring him on
the "double-quick'' to the shambles for
judgment.
But we are asked why these Slate govern-
ments do not do it. The answer is in the vol-
ume 1 have submitted; they cannot do it. Here
are organizations of men bound by oaths which
chill the blood in the veins of an American
citizen, under the penalty of their own death,
to commit perjury, murder, rapine, the whole
catalogue of crimes, and their brethren are
sworn to swear them through.
Sir, gentlemen on the other side seem to
consider this a political movement. In my
judgment, in a matter like this polities sink
into insignificance, and the cheek of a man
who thinks of them in this connection ought
to mantle with shame, while from every quar-
ter from the lately rebellious States comes every
day the repetition of the story ot' wrongs and
outrages to which our citizens there are sub-
jected. Sir, I think the Republican party has
done more for this country and the world than
any other parly; but I would strike out its past
history, I would let its future go, before 1 would
consent that a cry should come up here from
unprotected citizens that their lives and their
property are m danger and there is no source
of succor for them.
Better by far that all our political reeolfec-
tions should be blotted out; for I toll you, Mr.
President, and I say to my brethren in this
Senate, that when a nation reaches that point
that it does not give ample protection to its
citizens that nation had better die. It is the
citizens that make the nation ; it is the citizens
that uphold its pillars; it is to the citizens that
you turn in the hour of danger; it is to the cit-
izens that you turn in every aspect in which the
Government is viewed; and when the Govern-
ment in its power refuses to listen to their cries
of outrage and wrong it is led in a wrong
direction.
But., Mr. President, this is not the fault of
the Republican party. This resolution would
have been passed long since had not my Dem-
ocratic brethren on the other side raised objec-
tion, and I was surprised that they did so.
The Senator from Ohio uttered a great tiuth
when he said that if upon this investigation
the charges which are made turned out to be
true, and the Democrats stifled them, the Dem-
ocratic party would suffer. Never was a greater
truth uttered. Then why the objection ?
Gentlemen say it is -to perpetuate the power
of the Republican party. Sir, what higher
claim could the Republican party or the Dem-
ocratic party have to the confidence of the
community than that they were willing to yield
a ready ear and to make quick response to the
cry of danger to the rights of the citizen?
The Senator from California has bright vis-
ions of Democratic success. I do- not know
but that it may come. I do not know that the
people of this nation have been enough afflicted
yet. I do not know but that in the providence
of God we have to go down again into the
deep waters of affliction to be cleansed; but
j come war, come anything else rather than the
! return of the Democratic reign. It may be,
; however, that that judgment is bottled up for
j us ; but my Democratic friends have got to go
I through a little experience of apprenticeship
before they can manage it. It is a new Govern-
ment for them. When they governed before
they marched to the music of the shackle; we
now march to the bugle-notes of liberty. They
will have to learn anew how to govern a people
that is entirely free. They marcWed to the music
of the crack of the whip of the slave-driver,
j we to the milder and more attractive notes of
the bugle of freedom. They governed four
j million slaves; now such a creature as a slave
i does not exist on the face of the land. They
j wiil have to learn their steps anew in this
! dance of government. 1 hope they will begin
] where we leave off, and bo more energetic and
] be more useful than the Republican party has
j been.
] But, sir, I have one word to say to my hon-
j orable friend from California. " Let not him
| that girdeth on his harness boasl himself as
lie that putteth it oil'.'' My friend has before
! him the harness of power through Democratic
! sources. See to it that the moths have not
j eaten it since you had it on before. See to
it that its texture is not rotten or changed,
, for if you should find yourself in undress on
j the new Democratic parade you might be
i called to order for thus appearing.
J! Now, Mr. President, what earthly objection
ij can there bo to this resolution? My honor-
lj able friend from Ohio disclaims that he has
i any sort of sympathy with this disorder in the
i South. Come, then, and put him ou the com-
j mitten to help investigate it, for how strong
l would he be if ho should have a new song put
' into his mouth ? Should he go and see the
scars that have been inflicted and come back
here and tell it, as he would if he did see it,
Democracy would stand aghast before the hit
in the head that they had received. Send him,
by all means ; let him go and get this unbelief
| out of him. If these things exist the dignity
j of this nation requires that they should be
I stopped. If these wrongs- really exist the
, civilised world will ciy out against us if wo do
not put a stop to them. If they do not exist, let
the mouths of the utterers be sealed forever.
Mr. President, I shall not detain the Senate
longer.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I hardly
expected a discussion of ibis kind to be pro-
voked from the other side of the House. The
Senator from California accuses the Repub-
lican party with having maligned the Demo-
cratic party, and in a spirit almost of commis-
eration talks of the waning strength of the
Republican party. Sir, when the Republican
party desire his sympathy they will make
application; but so far from maligning the
Democratic party, I desire to say that the
English language is incompetent to perform
' that task. [Laughter.] The very worst maligti-
ment that can possibly be uttered against that
Democratic party is to tell the plain naked
truth. The Senator from California in thus
arraigning the Republican party and thus
elating the Democratic party has thrown
down the gage of battle, and I for one do
not decline that gage.
The Republican party is not an ancient party,
I will admit. It had its birth only sixteen
years ago : it took possession of the national
Government only ten years ago; its life has
been brief, and now our Democratic friends
say its mission is ended ; it is among the things
that were. Sir, it is due to this young and vig-
orous party, as well as it is due to that old and
corrupt organization known as the Democratic
party, that a little comparison should be made
between the two.
Mr. President, what was the mission of the
| Republican party, and is it ended ? That is the
' question that I desire for a few moments to
discuss. What was the mission of this great
Republican party that has ruled the nation for
ten years? Its mission was multifarious. I
will attempt very briefly, and as nearly as I
can in regular order, to review some points in
the mission of that party.
The first part of that mission, the first en-
counter that the Republican party ever had
upon this floor with the Democratic party, was
to save the vast Territories of these United
States from the curse of slavery. You all
remember the Lecompton constitution. You,
sir, were a member of the other House, and I
was a member of this body, when that confest
took place. From the Democratic ranks we
had on this floor three recruits, and only thrse ;
but we met the slave power represented by 'he
Democratic party, with the exception of those
three a solid unit, and we conquered thion.
We saved those vast Territories, large eno igh
to create empires out of, from the blighting
curse of slavery. That was the first act in the
I drama of this gre^t Republican party.
And what was the second? It was to meet
and to crush a Democratic rebellion. It mil
be said, I suppose, on the other side that this
was not a Democratic rebellion, but that it
was a rebellion of the southern wing of the
Democratic party. I deny it in lotu. It was
a Democratic rebellion in all its rotundity. It
comprised the whole. What was the condition
of this country when Franklin Pierce took the
oath of office as President of the United States?
Your national credit stood higher than the
credit of any nation on earth. Your bonds
were selling in the markets of the world for
122 on the dollar. Your Treasury was abso-
lutely plethoric with money, and no nation
stood so high in its credit in the markets of
the world as did the United States of America.
Franklin Pierce was not a southern Democrat;
he was a northern Democrat, and he took that
eminent Democratic statesman and politician,
Jefferson Davis, as his Secretary of War, then
fresh from a campaign in which he ran as a
secessionist and traitor for Governor of his
State. Pierce made him his Secretary of War,
and from the day that Jefferson Davis was
made Secretary of War down to the day that
the rebellion broke out Jefferson Davis was
plotting and planning for the overthrow of
this Government.
When Franklin Pierce stepped out of the
presidential chair James Buchanan came in,
another northern Democratic President; and
Jefferson Davis stepped from the Secretary-
ship of War into this body and became chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs :
and the process of overthrowing the Govern-
ment, the arrangements for overthrowing the
Government, went on. There are Senators
within the sound of my voice who were upon
this floor when a small amendment to an appro-
priation bill was offered by Jefferson Davis,
that the Secretary of War should at his dis-
cretion be permitted to sell such arms as he
deemed it for the interest of the Government
to dispose of. Under that little innocent
amendment to an appropriation bill, for which
every Democrat on this floor voted "ay," and
against which every Republican voted " no,"
your arsenals and your armories were stripped
of their arms, and preparations for rebellion
went on."
What was done with your credit? Howell
