582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
for the report of the committee, if any com-
mittee shall be appointed and any report be
made. But I announce a fact which no Sen-
ator will deny when I say that reports come
to us every day from the -South, from sources
so respectable that, as proper guardians of
the liberties of this country and the security
of the rights of the citizens of this country,
we, as Senators, ought not to feel ourselves
at liberty to disregard. They may be true or
they may not be true. If true, a great duty
devolves upon this body as the guardians of
the liberties of the people. If not true, let
the country know it, and let public excitement
thus be satisfied and settled.
Why should our friends on the other side,
in the face of reports like these, impute sinister
motives to us? Standing as we do here to-day
as the guardians of the liberties of the people,
why should they attribute to us sinister motives
in voting for a proposition to inquire into the
verity of these alleged facts, which, if they do
exist, demand from those Senators a rigid in-
quiry and every necessary measure to remove
the evil? Sir, what are the facts as wc are
informed? That the lives and liberties of
American citizens are imperiled ; that men in
the southern States are shot down by bands of
marauders and ruffians and murderers; that
the citizens of the South are not safe in the
enjoyment of their property. These reports
come to us from sources which gentlemen would
do well to consider; from highly respectable
sources. Why do gentlemen interpose to pre-
vent an inquiry into the truth of these allega-
tions?
Sir, if I, on the other hand, were to say to
those Senators—and I beg them to remember
that I only say it hypotlietically—that in the
face of these acknowledged facts, the opposi-
tion to the passage of this resolution grows out
of a fear that the allegations may bo true;
that these outrages may he connected with the
Democratic party in the South; that the effect
upon the Democratic party may be disastrous,
and that Senators, fearing that effect, inter-
pose objections here to prevent the facts from
becoming known to the country, to prevent the
influences to the prejudice of the Democratic
party that would necessarily ensue ; if I were
to impute to Senators on the.other side motives
like this, would they not have a right to com-
plain? I impute no such motives; I make no
such charges, but I refer to the fact; and I
remember that there is high authority for say-
ing that some ancient people hated the light
because their deeds were evil. I f the facts be
as alleged, let that be known. If they be not,
let that also bo known, and it will remove
what Senators have virtually acknowledged,
if they existed,would he a reproach against the
policy of the Democratic party in the South,
fhey are entitled to know it, and they ought
to have the benefit of the fact.
I have been betrayed, by these imputations
of improper motives in voting for a propo.sb
tion like this, into these remarks. I should
not have said a word otherwise. Sir, I do not
choose to allow imputations to be made in
regard to my action in this body, imputations
of improper motives, imputations of motives
that do not become a Senator strictly and
sensitively alive to the interests of his fellow-
citizens, to be_ made without repelling them
ill a proper spirit. The motives that actuate
my friends on the other side are known to
themselves, and for their motives they are
responsible ; and it is not for me to attribute
to them motives which they do or do not enter-
tain. My motive is to ascertain what the facts
are in this case. If they do exist as alleged—
and of the existence of many of them there can
.be no doubt—why should a full inquiry by an
appropriate committee be objected to? That
committee, doubtless, will be properly organ-
ized out of members of this body; and it is an
imputation beforehand to say that any com-
mittee to be constituted by the Presiding Offi-
cer of this body would be other than a proper
committee. For myself, I should be very will-
ing to see two of my friends on the other side,
the distinguished Senator from California him-
self, and the distinguished Senator from Dela-
ware, on that committee. I should have no
objection to that. All I want is a fair exam-
ination into the facts of this case. If they
exist, as is alleged, it is high time that the
proper authorities of this Government should
adopt such measures as will prevent a con-
tinuation of these outrages and a recurrence
of these disorders in the South, and adopt
measures which shall secure to our fellow-citi-
zens the perfect enjoyment of life and liberty.
executive session.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After fifty-five minutes spent in
executive session, the doors were reopened,
and (at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes
p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 18, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butleii, D. I).
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
MAItUAltET BEK.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. It. No. 2795) granting a pen-
sion to Margaret Bee, of Racine county, Wis-
consin ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions.
northwestern boundary.
Mr. SWANN. By direction of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, I ask consent to submit
for action at this time an important report. I
ask unanimous consent to report from that
committee a joint resolution (II. It. No. 462)
authorizing the President of the United States
to appoint a joint commission on the north-
western boundary.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that joint resolution
will be adopted.
Mr. SWANN. It is a short report, and the
subject needs the prompt action of Congress.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will first read
the joint resolution.
Mr. SWANN. Read the report, which ex-
plains the whole matter.
Mr. I10LMAN. I reserve objection.
The SPEAKER. Objection wili be reserved
until after the report is read.
The report and joint resolution were then
read, as follows:
The Conimitteo on Foreign Affairs, to whom was
refei red th at portion of the President's message relat-
ing to tho northwestern boundary, beg leave to make
tho following report:
During the spring of the past year a military com-
inission.under Major General Sykes. United States
Army, and Captain Head, was ordered by Major
General llancoek to locate the lineof the forty-ninth
parallel by a series of solar and lunar observations,
with a view to the new post and military reservation
proposed to be established by theUnited States. This
survey, fixing the international boundary, throws
that line, if correct, upward of four thousand six
hundred feet north of the one hitherto recognized,
and the Hudson Bay post at Pembina within tho
territory of the United States. So soon as this fact
was discovered tho collector of tho custom-house at
Pembina addressedaeommunication to theSecretary
ot the Treasury, dated Juno 23,1870, asking instruc-
tions as to which ot these lines should be recognized
by him in the discharge of his official duties.
On tho 10th day of August, 1870, the acttng Sec-
retary of State addressed a communication to the
treasury Department informing that .Department
that 110 joint action had been taken by tho United
States and Great Britain for marking upon tile sur-
face of the ground that portion of tho boundary along
the forty-ninth parallel, which extends from the
Lako ot the \\ oods to tho Rocky mountains, and
suggesting that no proceedings be adopted by the
custom-house authorities which would disturb the
existing condition of things on the border until the
British Government could bo informed of this dis-
covery, which had been made by tho officers of tho
engineer corps.
On the 15th of August, 3870, the acting Secretary
of State transmitted acopy of hisletter to theTreas-
ury Department to Mr. Motley, and requested him
to inform the British Government of the discovery
which had been made by the engineer officers of
the United States in regard to the true location of
the boundary as ascertained by the usual scientific
method of determining such matters, which was ac-
cordingly done in a letter to Earl Granville, dated
October 17,1870.
On the 4th day of November, 1870, Sir Edward
Thornton, in a letter to the acting Secretary of State,
says: "Whether the post which was erected last
springis on the forty-ninth parallel or not can easily
be verified; but in the meantime it would be very
desirable that the small force now in that neighbor-
hood should remain there for the protection of per-
sons and the security of the mails. Tho only shelter,
however, which they can find is in the Hudson Bay
Company's fort. The Governor General has there-
fore forwarded a request to the Canadian Govern-
ment that I should confer with theSecretary of State
as to the expediency of allowing the boundary line
which was run by Captain Pope to be considered as
the boundary for the present until the real boundary
is ascertained and finally settled, so that the Hud-
son Bay post maybe used as a shelter during tho
winter, for they consider that it is in the interest of
the inhabitants on both sides of the line that order
should be preserved on the frontier, which result
can best be attained by a body of troops of both
nations being stationed in its vicinity."
Such being the state of facts touching this recent
discovery, the President of tho United States deems
it important that this part of tho boundary line
be definitely fixed by a joint commission of the two
Governments, in which this committee fully concur.
In order to facilitate the early action of Congress
in disposing of this subject a detailed estimate of tho
expense of a joint commission was prepared by the
Bureau of Engineers and submitted by the Secre-
tary of War in a communication to Mr. Fish, dated
November 25,1870.
The committee recommend the ad ption of the
followingjoint resolution;
Joint resolution authorizing the President of tho
United States to appoint a joint commission upon
the northwestern boundary.
Be it resolved, d'c., That the President of tho Uni-
ted States, by and with tho advice and consent of
the Senate, be. and he is hereby, authorized to coop-
erate with tho Government of Great Britain in the
appointment of a joint commission in accordance
! with the plan and estimate of A. A. Humphreys,
brigadier general and chief of engineers, submitted
November 23, 1870, for determining the boundary
line between the United States and the Biitish pos-
sessions between the Lake of the Woods and the
Rocky mountains, at such time as he may deem
advisable. .
Seo. 2. And be it further resolved. That $100,COO per
annum, or so much thereof as may be required, be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Tieasury not otherwise appropriated
to carry into effeetthe object of said joint commis-
sion on the pait of the United States and Great
Britain, until the said boundary shall have been
established.
Mr. HOLMAN. I still reserve points of
order. The amount proposed is large, and
we ought not to pass the joint resolution with-
out some consideration.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, I will state
in reference to this matter that it lias been
duly .considered by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. The line which has been run by the
engineers of the United States throws the
British post at Pembina about one mile within
the lines of the United States. The custom-
house officers at that station applied to the
Treasury Department hereto know what course
was proper to be pursued, as there was always
more or less danger of collision while this line
remained unsettled and undetermined. It was
therefore suggested, and it has been suggested
by our minister lately appointed to the Court of
St. James that this matter should be promptly
disposed of. It will require time. The organ-
ization of a corps of engineers will require time ;
and, in all probability, if this measure were
passed now there would be difficulty in throw-
ing these engineers into the field "before the
opening of the spring. It is therefore highly
important to avoid, if possible, the danger of
collision between the authorities of the United
States and Great Britain, and the recommenda-
tion of the President of the United States for
this joint commission should, in tho opinion of
the committee, be promptly Responded to by
this House.
I hold in my hand the report of Major Gen-
eral Humphreys as to the cost of this survey,
and I find, by examination of the details of this
report, carefully made, that the survey will
require in all the sum of about three hundred
thousand dollars, and in all probability the line
