1408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
And then the following dispatch, written in
the same month, after he had succeeded in the
Supreme Court, to E. S. Goold, his colleague,
in San Francisco:
The Gomez title is as good asdead. I told you so.
Tiie court denied the motion to dismiss. I have
drawn on you for $5,000 in gold coin, payable atsight,
which you promised to payin the event of the motion
to dismiss being denied. Attend to my draft with-
out delay or mistake.
J. S. BLACK.
I do not intend to criticise in any spirit of
unkindness the conduct of Judge Black, either
while he was Attorney General or after he
became counsel for the New Idria Company.
I think it probable that he was imposed on
while he was Attorney General by Goold,
Hartman, and others, and after he became
counsel for the real contestants with McGar-
rahan he left no stone unturned to gain the
case for his client. I think he is the best
lawyer in the United States to-day. I cer-
tainly would rather have him as my counsel
in a difficult case than any man now living.
By his will, his intellect, his bold and often
reckless denunciation of his opponents, by
presenting solely his side of the case, which
he could only maintain by assuming that the
false statements of Hartman, Sims, Ogier,
Gomez, and others were true, and above all,
by the influence which the position of Attorney
General, and afterward special counsel for the
United States, gave him over the Supreme
Court, he was able to poison the minds of the
judges against McGarrahan and induce them
to do whatever he desired. No man can read
their rulings and decisions in this case, at any
stage of it, without seeing and feeling that
they were swayed and controlled by the over-
shadowing intellect of the ex-Attorney Gen-
eral, without giving either weight or credence
to any of the facts on the other side.
The relation of Attorney General to the
court is and ought to be intimate and persua-
sive. Where he is not interested, certainly his
views and opinions should always receive great
consideration. Such an Attorney as Judge
Black could, as he did in this case, make that
position almost omnipotent with the court.
Some of his assertions in this case, in view of
the facts now known, all of which the Supreme
Court assumed to be law and gospel, are per-
fectly monstrous. He charges that "thepapers
are all fraudulently fabricated" atone time;
at another that ua false transcript had been
obtained from the record," and adds:
" It isnotsingularin beingfoundedupon aforgery;
but the decree of the district court was obtained by
a fraud more gross than the original fabrication of
the title, and the object of the claimants was very
near being consummated by an imposture upon the
Supreme Court more atrocious than either."
Again, in his motion and brief, in 1860, he
charges—
"The appeal from the land commissioners was
fraudulent and void, and the decree in the district
court was a nullity."
Again:
"There was, therefore, no trial had in the court
below. The proceedings were a mere sham; tho
court was imposed upon; and the decision of the
boaruis 111 truth and fact now in full force; o.nd the
claim stands rejected."
Again: '
"The Government has never filed here a transcript
of the record of appeal, for the clcik of the court
below never transmitted any, as there never was an
appeal in the cause."
Again:
" Certainly the special counsel for the Government
would not have made such a motion in a cause over
which the court has lost jurisdiction by having
allowed an appeal."
These are only specimen bricks. The whole
fabric is made up ofjastsuch material, and the
horrified court, believing every word, looked
and felt virtuous and indignant, wrapped
their robes close around them every time they
saw McGarrahan, and kicked him from their
presence as they would a mangy dog or an
avowed pickpocket. We know the statements
I have read, and they were acted on by the
court as if true, are wholly unsustained by
the facts. Even Goold proves that all the
original papers of Gomez are genuine. The
land commissioners decided that the existence
and loss of his grant was satisfactorily proved
before them. Their records show that the
appeal was regularly taken to the northern
district, in which Ord was not attorney ; and
the removal afterward was by Sloan & Hart-
man to the southern district. There the pro-
ceedings were all regular. The commissioners
had decided every point for Gomez except pos-
session. The Mariposa case decided that to be
unnecessary. The court confirmed the finding
of the commissioners on all the other questions,
it not being pretended, then or now, that there
was in existence any evidence to overturn the
finding of the commissioners as to the validity
of the grant. The appeal was entered in this
and six other cases March 15, 1858, in accord-
ance with orders from the Attorney General
himself, peremptorily requiring appeals in all
cases where grants were confirmed, and as
shown by the record officially certified, the
order of appeal being handed by the clerk
(Sims) himself to Stetson, the deputy, as part
of the record. These seven appeals were all
regularly entered in the Attorney General's
own book in his office, and Hudson saw and
copied them there. Goold, on the 28th of
March, 1858, advised Judge Black that the
appeal had been granted long before the rec-
ord was made out. The so-called Stanton
motion was neverfiled, and Judge Black, after
full argument, and after Mr. Stanton's return,
for which he waited, consented to the docket-
ing and dismissal of the appeal in the SSupreme
Court. Would he have done so if Mr." Stanton
had made any such motion?
It is amazing to think that the Supreme
Court could be deluded by such statements as
those I have read, in view of the true facts in
the case. The truth is, the court never looked
beyond the statements of the attorney oppos-
ing McGarrahan. Judge Black may have been,
probably was, deceived by Goold. He had
promised early to make the judge below do
whatever he wanted; he slipped in the Stanton
motion; he controlled Sims and the judge; he
probably got Hartman his place as special
attorney for the United States, and the $19,000
under employment from Judge Black. He
offered Gomez $20,000 to commit perjury and
forgery; at least so Gomez swears. He doubt-
less asserted his confidence in the truth of the
Gutierrez infamy. Of course he kept Judge
Black duly excited, and professed to be able to
do all he attempted.
If the docket-book of the Attorney Gen-
eral's office and the letters of Ord, Goold,
and Hartman, all of which are stolen or
destroyed, during the most important period
of this controversy, could be produced they
would develop facts which would settle the
case in favor of McGarrahan in five minutes.
I do not know who stole or destroyed them ;
but when Mr. Shaw, McGarrahan's counsel,
went to search for thein, and found them gone,
he was told Mr. Goold had been there examin-
ing the papers, and a messenger was sent'to
see if he did not have them. They are all
gone; and nobody had any interest in taking
them but those interested for the New Idria
Company; and from what occurred there in
the land office, with Sims, Hartman, Gutierrez,
and indeed all through the case, everything
foul or fair, necessary to success, seems to
have been done without scruple and without
hesitation.
I have not time to develop this case as it
ought to be developed. I would like to show
how Judge Haight, after he understood the
case, annulled all the attempts that had been
made to overthrow the original judgment and
appeal and decided the case to be one finally
settled and beyond the reaeh of appeal; how
the record which the Supreme Court finally
acted on was one made up in Washington and
certified to by an attorney in San Francisco,
over a hundied miles from the place where the
records were, for which certificate he was paid
$300 out of the Treasury; how jurisdiction
was assumed in Washington, without citation,
more than five years after final judgment; and
how the Attorneys General,one by one,diopped
in as counsel for the company as soon as tliey
dropped out of their office ; how the case was
advanced on the docket by the last one as a
case of great public interest, though the Gov-
ernment will only get about twenty-fuur hutiv
dred dollars if McGarrahan is defeated, after
spending over two hundred thousand dollars
to defeat him; how his opponents have beeu
allowed to keep possession of his property
and extract not less than three hundred thou-
sand dollars annually from it without pre-
tense of right, certainly till 1866, when others,
attempting to do this samething inother cases,
were promptly enjoined by the Attorneys Gen-
eral of the United States, as this company
should have been if the United States claimed
the property ; how the records of the Laud
Office and his patent have been stolen and
mutilated; how he has been blackened, ma-
ligned, and slandered, in order to intimidate
men from supporting his claim ; how a subsi-
dized press has threatened to blacken the char-
acter of members who dare to vote for him.
All these things I hope will be exposed by
some Senator who has not the gag of the hour
rule upon him, and who has the courage to
speak of the facts as they are proved. And
when he does it I hope he will explain to the
country that this New Idria Company is in
fact the Bank of California, with its millions of
capital, a corporation which owns the Slate of
Nevada, controls the press and public opinion
of the Pacific slope, which, if successful now
in this case, holdsan absolute monopoly of the
quicksilver mines on this continent. And
when all these things are known the country
will not only not be astonished that such a eon-
test has been made by the company on such
foundation, but will be amazed that a poor,
friendless Irishman should have been able for
thirteen years to have made such resistance as
he has, even with right and justice on his side.
It is said here that he has his backers and
partners. I know nothing about that. I should
never have looked into his case with any care
if I had not learned that my distinguished
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] on the Judi-
ciary Committee, who voted with me and all
the other Democrats whose votes were cast
in the Fortieth Congress, lmd changed his
opinion. I have such confidence in that gen-
tleman that I thought I must be wrong. I
looked into the case again, went to his seat,
and talked to him, and found him decidedly
opposed to his former views. I determined
then to study the case for myself, and, having
done so, I have, in this imperfect way, laid my
conclusions before the House.
The only objection I see to the report of the
minority is that they do not make the decision
of Congress a finalty. They ought to add these
words, so no lawyer of the New Idria Company
could, by money or power, further dispute his
right:
And that a patent., when issued by direction of
the President, shall be delivered to the grantee or
his legal representatives, which shall operate to
carry the right of the United States at that date in
anu to the land therein described.
Mr. KERR. During the last Congress,
when this case was under consideration, as
has been stated by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Buck,] I, together with most
other gentlemen on this side of the House,
voted for the resolution then reported in favor
of McGarrahan. I did it, as other gentlemen
did, without investigation, following the rec-
ommendation and action of the committee at
that time, of which I was not a member. It
is the practice of members, upon all questions
of this kind, involving laborious and intricate
examinations of law and facts, to follow the
recommendations and decisions of the regu-
larly accredited organs of the House. Neces-
sity oftentimes compels us so to act for laok
