584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
in the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 89> not voting
56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Arnell, Axtell,
Barry, Bennett, Bethune, Bingham, Boles, Bowen,
Boyd. George M. Brooks, Buck, JJuckley, Buffin-
ton, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. But-
ler, Cessna, Churchill, Clinton L. Cobb, Cowles,
Cullom, Darrall, Dawes, ftegener, Dickey, Joseph
Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Duval, Fcrriss, Finkeln-
burg, Fisher, Gilfrllnn, Hale, Harris, Hawkins, Ilaw-
fcy, Iloge, Holmes, Hooper, Ingersoll, Alexander
H.Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kellogcr, Ketcham, Lafiin,
Lewis, Loughrid&e> Maynard, McCarthy, McKee,
Mercur, Morev, Morphis, Myers, Negloy, O'Neill,
Orth, Packer, Palmer, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland,
Pomeroy, Prosser. Rainey, Rooty, San ford, Sargent,
S.jwyer, Scolie'd, Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. Smith,
William J.'Smith, Starkweather, Stovenson, Stokes,
Strickland, Tiflman, Townsend, Twichcll, Upson,
Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wallace, Welker, Wheeler,
and Whitmore—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Asper,
Atwood, Barnum, Beaman, Beatty, Bcck, Jienjntmn,
Benton. Bigjp, Bird, Blair, Booker, Burehard, Burr,
Cleveland, Aimisa Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Conner,
Cox. Crcbs, Dickinson, Dox, Duke, hJla,, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Fitch, Fox, Get/,, Gri.-wohl, llaldeman,
HamilL Hay, Iloar, llohnan. Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Julian, Kelley, Kerr, ICnapp, Knott., Lynch,
jManumg, Maishall, M;iyh;mi, MoCortnick, McGrew,
McKeuzif, McNeely, Ehakim H. Moore, William
Moore, Morgan. iVIungen, Niblack, Peck, Porter,
Price, Randall, Reeve*,Rogers, Sehuiriaker, Shanks,
Shcrrod, Siocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stevens, Stiles,
Stoughton,Strong, Swann.Sweeney.Tanner. Taylor,
Trimble, Tyner. Van Auken, Cadwalnder (1. Wash-
burn, William B. WaMiburn, Well*, Wilfard, Win-
chester, Wood, Woodward, and Young—80.
NOT VOTING — Messis. Ames, Ayor, Bailey,
Banks, James Brooks, Cake, Calkin, William T.
Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cook, N tthan F. Dixon, Dyer,
Ferry, Gaitield, Gibson, Ilaight. Ilambleton. Ham-
ilton, ILiys, Ilcllin. Hill, Ifotchkiss. Jcnckes, Lash,
Lawicncc, Logon, Long, McCrary, Milues, Josso li.
Moore, Daniel J. JMorrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Mor-
rissey, Newsham, Packard, Pame, Perce, Potter,
Rice, PorterSbeldon, Shobor.Worthinifton C. Smith,
Stono, Stnuh'V, Sypher, Talfe, V;in Trump, Voor-
hecs. Ward. Wilkinson, Williams, Fugcne M. Wilson,
John T, Wilson, Winans, Witcher, and Wolf—56.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment upon which a sepa-
rate vote was asked was in relation to the
Bureau of Education, the paragraph having
been amended to read an follows:
For Commis.sioner of Education. $3,000; onf; clerk
at, £>1,800; one clci k at^l, >UO; otm cleik nt$l,-5U0; one
translator at on«  messenger Jit $310; station-
ery, $1,000; hbrarv, ftl.OOO; collecting statistics and
writing and compiling uuitfcr lor nnuual and ."j>e-
oial reports, and editing and publi-diin'c circulars of
information, $10,000; contingencies, ftl.UGO: in all.
§26,000.
Mr. IIOTjMAN. On that amendment I ask
for the yeas and nays. It proposes to increase
by some ten thousand dollars the amount,
reported originally in the bill.
The SPEAKEIt. Were the various changes
made in this paragraph in Committee of the
Whole comprised in one amendment?
Mr. HOIjMAN. I believe they were.
Mr. DAWES. It was designed to be one
amendment, bnt there were different votes in
Committee of the Whole on different parts of
it. I offered it as one amendment, and it was
designed to be one.
The SLM^AKElt. It will be treated as one
amendment.
Mr. DAWES. There is au error in the
aggregate at the end of the paragraph. It
should be $20,000 instead of $20,500. ]
The SPBAICEH. That being matter of j
addition merely, the correction will be made. !
The question was on ordering the yeas and !
nays ; and being taken, they were ordered. !
'J he question was then taken; and it was !
decided in the affirmative—yeas 118, nays 02, |
not voting 57 ; as follows : - \
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, !
Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. Smith,William J. Smith,
Worthin^ton C. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Ste-
venson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strong, Tanner, Taylor,
Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van
Horn, Van Wyck, Wallace, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wheeler, Whitmore, and Wolf—118,
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Asper, Barnum,
Beaman, Leek, Benjamin, Biggs, Bird, Booker,
James Brooks, Burehard, Burr, Conner. Cox, Crebs,
Dickinson, Dox, Duke, Farnsworth, Getz, Gibson,
Griswold, llaldeman, Ilamill, Ilay, Holman, John-
son, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kerr, Knott, Lewis,
Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, McNeely, Morgan,
Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Niblack, Potter, Price,
Randall, Reeves, Rice, Schumaker, fiherrod, Slo-
cmn, Joseph _S. Smith, Stiles, Strickland, Swann,
Swecnoy, Trimble, Van Auken, Wells, Eugene
M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, Woodward, and
Youri j?—G2.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Ayer, Bailey,
Banks, Bennett, Boyd, Cake, Calkin, William T.
Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb,
Nathan P. Dixon. Dyer. Eldridge, Ferry, Pitch, Fox,
Haight, ilambleton, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins,
Hays. Hoflin, Hill.Hotchkiss, Jenckes.Lash,Logan,
Loner, Manning, McCarthy, Jesse 11. Moore, Daniel
J. Morreil, Morrissey, Negley, Newsham, Perce,
liams, John T. Wilson, Winans, and Witcher—57.
S© the amendment was concurred in.
The last amendment upon which a separate
vote was asked was in relation to the salaries
of the justices of the Supreme Court, the para-
gsaph having been amended to read as follows:
For the Chief Justice, £8,000; and for eight associate
or retired justices, $$,000 each; m all, $>72,500.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Upon this amendment
1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question whs taken ; and ilwas decided
in the affirmative—yeas 12^, nays 70, not voting
5"); as follows :
Y1CAS—Mcsm-s. Adams Allison, Armstrong, Ar-
liell, Axtell, Barnum, Barry, Boaman, Beck, Bing-
ham, Bolo<, Bowon, Boyd, Geoisjo M.Brooks,«)awes
Biooks. Buck, Buckley, Burdclt. Uuir, Benjamin
F.( Butler, .Roderick R. Butler, Cessna, Churchill,
Clinton L. Cobb, ('obuui, Connor, Conner, Cook,
Cowles. Creb^. Culloni, Dan ill. JLhiwus Dickinson,
Dox, Duke, Vinkolnbunr, Fisher, Fitch, Gii^on,
Gillillan, (- tUwold, I Luidemiui, Ihile, Harris Jiaw-
ley, lloav, llo#o, lloluu's, Jluopt f, Itotchki^s, inaroi-
soll. Johnson. Thoma^L. .Jones, .Judd, Juiiini, Kel-
ley, Kellogg, Kerr, ballin. Loner,Lousliridge, Lvnch,
Marshall, .M'.iyn.ud, Mc('ormick, MtCiaiy, McKee,
Me .\reeb'. I\t oroy, jMovgan. M oi vissoy, Myei s.O'Ncill,
Packer, Paine, J'almor, Pctei^, Phelps, Piatt, Po-
land, Porter, Potter, Piiec, 3'io.^er, Kauiev, Rogers,
Santord, Sargont, Schumakcr, Slocutn, John A.
Smith, Joseph S. Smith, W'ilinm J. Smith, Worth-
ing! on C. Sinnh.Stovenson, Stone,Stoughton.Stlkk-
l.Mid, Swann, S> plier, Tanm r. Tillman, Trimble,
Twiehell. Van Horn. Wnllace, Willaid, Fugcne M.
AVihon, Wolf, Wood, and Woodward—1PJ.
NAYS—Mossi.-. Ambler, Archer, Asper, Atwood,
Boutty, Benjatnin, Bothuno, Benton, Biggs, Bird,
Blair, Booker, Bullinton, Burehard, Amasa Cobb,
Degener, Donley, Duval, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferrii-s,
tU'tsi, ilnmill, Hawkins, Hay, Holman, Kelsey,
lvnapp. Knott, Lawrence, Lovvid.Mannintr,Mayham,
MeKenxie, Morcur. Milnc>, Eli.ikim II. Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, .Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill, Niblnck,
Orth, Packard, Pook, Pomcioy, Ptceves, Jliee, Saw-
yer, Sha.nk^, liionel A. Sheldon, Siterrod, Shober,
Starkweather, Stevens Stiles, Stokes, Stronir,
iSwernoy, Taj lor, I'.Micr, Van Auk^n, Cadwaladcr
C. \V.ishijurn, AVilli-nn IL Wa^oljnrii. Wolkor, 'W'ells, i
U heeler. WJiiunore, Wiliuims Winchester, and i
l oung—TO.
OTINC — Men-is. Ames, Ayer, Bailey,
Banks, Beniiett, Ca;ve, Calkin, V/liham T. Clark,
Churchill Amasa Cobb Coburn, Connor, Cook,
Cowles, Cullom. Darrall, Dawes, Degener Dickey
Joseph Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Duval, Ela For-
ms, Finkclnburc I?lt,hor, Gariiold, dilfilliui. 'llale,
Jtiawley, Hoar, Hoge, Holmes, Hooper, Ingersoll
Alexander Ji. Jones, Julian. Kelley, Kellogg, Kel-
se.>. Ketch a in. Knapp, Lailin, Lavyrence, Lough-
ndffo. Lynch. M:iynar«l, Mcth-ary, McGrew, McKee,
Mcllenzie, Mercur, Milnes, Eliakim II. Moore, Wil-
liam Moore. Morey, Morphis, Myers, O'Neill, Orth,
J aekard. Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peck, Peters! i
Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Poaierov, Porter, Prosser; !
Kamey, ltoots, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, !
Hays, llefhn, Hill, Jenckes, Alexander II. Jones,
Ketcham, Lash, Logan, McCarthy, McUrew, Jesse
11. Moore, D.iniol J. Morreil, Mungen. Negley,
New>ham, Perce, llandall. Hoots, Soolield, Porter
Sheldon, Stradcr, Tatlc, Townsend, Uj)>on, Van
i'nimp, Van Wyck, Voorhces, Ward, Wilkinson,
John T. Wilson, AVinans.and Witcher—to.
So the amendment was concurred in,
rJ"ieSPEAKEIl. Th e amendment just voted
upon is the last on which a sepal ate vote was
asked. The question is, ''Shall the bill as
amended be ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time 1"
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, -,ir<d passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
! by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
| that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
: table.
i The latter motion was agreed to.
BRYAN It. YOUNG.
On motion of Mr. KNOTT, by unjwumous
consent, the bill (S. No. 930) for the benefit
of Bryan U. Young, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
CLAIM OF CHOCTAW NATION.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on the
Judiciary a memorial in behalf of the claim
of the Choctaw nation; which was ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
ADMISSION OF CTAII.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2798) to enable
the people of Utah to form a constitution and
State government, and for the admission of
said State into the Union on an equal footing
with the original States; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
ROUND VALLEY INDIAN RESERVATION.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
that a bill now in the hands of the Commit! ee
on t.ho Public Lands be taken up for action
at the present time. It is a bill (H. R. IIo.
1753) providing for a sale of the surplus lands
of the Round Valley Indian reservation in Cal-
ifornia. The delegation from California are
united in favor of this bill, and I ask that it
may now be put on its passage.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information.
The bill, which was read, provides that fill
that portion of the proposed indian reservati ill
in Round valley, Mendocino county, Califor-
nia, not in the actual occupation of the Indian
department, for Indian purposes, be restored
to the public lands of the United States; and
the Secretary of the Interior is to cause the
same to he offered for sale in subdivisions at
not less than SI -:5 per acre. But all improve-
ments made by any person on the reservation
before the passage of this aet are to be the sole
property of the persons making them, who are
to have priority of purchase of not more than
six hundred and forty acres of land covering
and adjoining said improvements ; and nothing
in the aet is to be so construed as to prevent
persons entitled to such priority of purchase
from obtaining title to one hundred and siyty
acres under the homestead or preemption laws
of the United States.
Mr. DAWES. Does this bill come fron a
com mil lee?
TheSPEAICER. Itis presented by theg;n-
tlenmn from California, who asks to have it
acted on now.
Mr. DAWES. I object.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 hope the gentleman vill
withhold his objection for one moment, until
I can make an explanation.
Mr. DAWES. Our experience in putting
through bills of this kind is not such as to
justify us in continuing the practice. I object
solely on that, ground.
Mr. JOHNSON. The bill is already before
the Committee on the Public Lands, who, I
understand, favor its passage; and the Cali-
fornia delegation unite in recommending it.
Mr. DAWES. We are often called upon
to correct mistakes resulting from passing bills
of this kind without proper examination".
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the bill cannot be considered.
ltUCOXSIDERATION OP REFERENCES.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to reconsider the
votes by which bills, joint resolutions, &e ,
have this day been referred or recommitted ;
and also move that the motion to reconsidcr
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FOOD FISHES OF THE COAST.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Appropriations,
