586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
appraised value thereof. None of said lands
shall be subject to private entry until the same
shall have been offered as aforesaid, and then
only at the price fixed by such appraisal. All
of said lands remaining unsold at the expir-
ation of one year after they shall have been
offered as aforesaid shall be again advertised
and offered at public auction, at not less than
the minimum of $1 25 per acre, and thereafter
shall be subject to private entry at the latter
price, and shall in all cases be sold for cash
only. The third section provides that the
townships thus selected for sale shall be in a
compact body, and consist, if practicable, of
unoccupied lands, provided that such portions
of the same as may be occupied and improved,
if any, by members of the tribe, not exceeding
eighty acres to each settler, shall not be sold
without the consent of the party in posses-
sion, but shall be valued as other subdivisions,
the appraisers reporting separately the value of
the improvements thereon; which tracts may
then, with the consent of the occupants, be
sold, and the price of the improvements paid
over to the respective occupants. The fourth
section provides that from the first proceeds
of the sale of lands, as thereinbefore provided,
.shall be paid the expenses of survey, appraisal,
and sale thereof, and the residue of such pro-
ceeds shall be paid to or funded for the benefit
of said tribe, in such manner as the President,
witli the assent of the chiefs and headmen of
said tribe, may determine. The fifth section
provides that the act shall be and remain
inoperative until full and satisfactory evidence
shall have been placed on the files of the
office of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
that the sales therein authorized have the
sanction of the tribe, evidenced by orders or
agreement taken in full council.
The amendment reported by the Committee
<111 Indian Affairs was as follows :
After tho word "auction," in lino fivo of scotion
tno. insert tho words "at tho nearest Government
l.uul ollioo within tho Green Bay ajrency." Also
insert I ho  rno at lino thirteen, alter tho word
" auction,"
Mr. VAN WYCK. It is proposed that tho
lands shall be auctioned at the nearest Gov-
ernment land office. IIow far will that be
liom the lands?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. It is but a short dis-
tance from the lands, and is recommended as
the point, at which the largest number of bid-
ders will be likely to convene. This is a small
body of land, covering ten townships, and the
bill authorizes the sale of six.
Mr. BECK. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me to offer an amendment.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I will hear it.
■Mr. BECK. I send to tho desk an amend-
ment which I desire to come in as an addi-
tional section of the bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 0. A nd be, it further ennrteil, That heron fter no
contract or agreement ol' any kind shall bo mado by
any person with any individual or tiibc of Indians
for the payment of any money or other thing of
value to him or any other person in consideration of
services or protended services for said Indians rela-
tive to tiioir lands, or any claims a^uiubt annuities
trom or treaties with the United States,arid all such
pietended contracts or agreements hereafter mado
are hereby declared null and void, and all money or
other thing oi valuo paid to any porson by any In-
i un tribe, or any one else, for or on his or their
behalf on account of such pretended services, may
be recovered by suit in the name of tho United States
in any court of tho United Sta tes regardless of the
amount in controversy, ono half of which shall bo
paid to the person sains for tho same, and tho other
lin.l shall be paid into tho Treasury of the United
Mates,.tor the use of tho Indian or tribe by or for
whom it was so paid; and tho person so receiving
s.nd money and his aiders and abettors shall, in
addition to tho forfeiture of said sum, be subject
to prosecution for misdemeanor in any court of tho
United btates.and Oil conviction shall bo lined not
lc«s than itl.OOO and imprisoned not less than six
months, and it shall be tho duty of all district attor-
neys of theWnited States to prosecutc such cases
whon applied to t.o do so. and their failure and refusal
shall be ground for their removal from office. And
any Indian asent orother person in the employment
of the United States who shall advise, sanction, or
in any way aid in the making of such contracts or
agreements, or in making such payments as are here
prohibited, shall, in addition to the punishment
hereby imposed on the person making said contract
or receiving said money, be, on conviction, dismissed
from the service of the United States, and be forever
disqualified from holding any office of profit or trust
under the same.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I yield to the gentle-
man for the purpose of offering his amend-
ment, but at present I do not exactly under-
stand its relevancy.
Mr. BECK. The sub-Committee on Appro-
priations, in the investigation of matters.con-
nected with the management and treatment
of the Indians, have ascertained that there
is hardly a case, where lands have been sold
or money has been paid, whether on claims,
annuities, or treaties, that there have not been
men from Washington and elsewhere following
the payments, and demanding and receiving
often more than half of what has been paid to
the Indians, and the Indian agents have often
been in collusion with them. The extent of
this state of things has become so universal
and so fearful that there has been, perhaps,
hardly a case of this kind where these frauds
have not been perpetrated. In connection with
this very bill there may already be arrange-
ments whereby persons may go and secure the
money or the lands, to the utter ruin of the
Indians and the injury of all the interests
involved.
I have information as to a case in which
men have had the effroiitery to go and claim
and take seventy-three per cent., and in an-
other case $30,000, upon the ground that the
party had to lobby and buy the claims through
Congress. Many of the statements mado to
justify these outrages on the Indians are doubt-
less false ; still, tho result is that Congress is
being disgraced and the country is being dis-
graced by a swarm of supernumeraries stealing
fiom the Indians all or nearly all they get.
The extent to which this is carried is, as I
said, frightful, and I do not see any way of
preventing these frauds and extortions except
by such an amendment as that which I have
proposed. I offer it now, with the consent, I
believe, of my colleague on the sub-commit-
tee, [Mr. Sargent,] because we were afraid
we could not get it pnt in the Indian appropria-
tion bill, as it is general legislation, and we
might not be able to suspend the rules. I do !
not see how it can possibly injure this bill to
allow this amendment to be added to it. If,
however, the Committee on Indian Affairs
thinks that it will do so, I will not ins.ist, upon
it, but will endeavor to attach it to the Indian
appropriation bill. I hope, however, it will be
added to this bill as an independent section,
as it may be necessary to guard and protect
the Indians from extortion, even in the matters
therein contained.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. It, is the purpose of
the Committee on Indian Affairs to protect
the Indians in the sale of their lands and in
the disposition of all the proceeds of them, and
so far as I at present understand the scope of
the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky it meets with my hearty approval. It is
not offered, I believe, in hostility to the bill.
Mr. BECK. Not at all; I want the bill to
pass, believing it to be right.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. 1 believe some general
legislation is necessary for the purpose of pro-
tecting the Indians against such frauds as the
gentleman bus described.
In respect to this particular bill, I have to
say that the Menomonee tribe is a tribe of
about fourteen hundred Indians on the Me-
nomonee river in the Green Bay agency. The
whole laud which they own is but ten town-
ships, or two hundred and twenty thousand
acres. This bill provides for the sale of not
exceeding six townships, or about one hundred
nnd thirty-eight thousand two hundred and
forty acres. The reason why this legislation
is asked for is that part of this land is covered
with valuable timber, which is liable to be
burnt up, and is largely subject to depreda-
tions by those who take it without authority.
The Indians themselves are very anxious to
part with it as being a property which they are
not able to manage, and which is passing out
of their hands without their consent. The
bill provides that the land shall be offered for
sale in quantities, to any one purchaser, not
exceeding eighty acres, after three months'
notice, and at the land agency nearest to the
land and within the Green Bay agency. The
committee unanimously approve of this bill,
and I will not take up the time of the House
in any further explanation, unless some oppo-
sition to the bill shall be developed. We are
satisfied that it is in the interest of the Indians
that this land should be sold. I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, being first upon
Mr. Beck's amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to suggest a mod-
ification in the fifth section of the bill, which
will become necessary if the amendment of
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
shall be adopted. That section now reads as
follows:
That this ac t shall be and remain inoperativo until
full and satisfactory evidcncoshall have been placed
on the files of the office of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs that tho sales herein authorized havo tho
sanction of the tribe, evidenced by orders or agree-
ment taken in full council.
I suggest that there should be inserted after
the word "that," in the first line, the words
"'the firstfive sections of," so that theamend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky will not
be inoperative.
There being no objection to the modification
suggested by Mr. Saegext, it was agreed to.
Mr. HAWLEY. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Armstrong] to yield to mu
to offer an amendment.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Kentucky that money paid
under contracts which have been approved
by the Secretary of the Interior ought not to
be included in his amendment. In order to
secure certain rights it may be necessary for
the Indians to employ counsel. .
Mr. BECK. My amendment will not inter-
fere with that. It only refers to pretended con-
tracts with the Indians.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Well, there may be a con-
tract for the employment of counsel.
Mr. BECK. It will not affect that.
Mr. HAWLEY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the second section of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The main question has
been ordered, and the bill is beyond the amend-
able stage.
Mr. IIAWLEY. I did not understand that
the previous question had been ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let me
make a suggestion to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck.] I observe that he makes
his amendment apply to any agreement, treaty,
or claim.
Mr. BECK. Or annuity.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, and
annuity. Will he not add '• lands?"
Mr. BECK. I thought that I covered every-
thing by the word "claims."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, not
lands.
Mr. BECK. Well, then I will add the word
"lands."
Mr. HAWLE1. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to me for a moment?
. Mr. ARMSTRONG. I cannot. The pre-
vious question has been seconded.
Mr. HAWLEY. I suppose the gentleman
has an hour to close debate.
_ Mr. ARMSTRONG. Very well; then I will
yield to hear what the gentleman desires.
Mr. HAW LEY. It seems to me that the bill
ought not to pass in its present shape ; and I
was not aware that the previous question had
been sustained when I proposed to amend the
second section. It is certainly against the
policy, or ought to be against the policy of the
Government, to grant these public lands in
large quantities to one purchaser.
