1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
Mr. MUNGEN. . What is the amendment
the gentleman proposes ?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I yielded for the pur-
pose of hearing what amendment the gentle-
man desired to propose.
Mr. HAWLEY. I desire to move to amend
' the second section by inserting after the words
"shall be offered at public auction, to the
highest bidder, in lots of not exceeding eighty
acres," the words ''to any one purchaser;" so
that when these lands come to- be sold the
sales shall be confined to tracts not exceeding
eighty acres to any one purchaser. If such a
provision is not incorporated in this bill, then
one purchaser may purchase all these lands, as
has been done in other cases heretofore. It
seems to me it should be the steady policy of
the Government, never to be departed from, to
dispose of these lands only in small parcels.
Mr. SAWYER. These lands are largely
pine lands, and if you endeavor to find pur-
chasers enough to buy them in eighty-acre
tracts only you would not get what the land is
worth. It is proposed to offer these lands at
public auction to the highest bidder, in quan-
tities not exceeding eighty acres.
Mr. HAWLEY. Then I will suggest that
the lots be made one hundred and sixty acres
each.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. If that limitation should
be applied to the lands fit for cultivation it
might do no harm; but it would not be well
to apply it to timber lands.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
having been seconded, it requires unanimous
consent to move any amendment to this bill.
Mr. SAWYER. Then I object.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object also, for it would
destroy the effect of the bill.
The question was tken taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Beck ; and it was agreed to.
The amendment reported from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs was then adopted.
The question was upon ordering the bill as
amended to be read a third time.
Mr. HAWLEY. I should like to have an
opportunity to say a few words upou this bill.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. There are but two
morning hours allotted to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and they have quite a number
of reports to make.
Mr. HAWLEY. I want but five minutes.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. The previous ques-
tion has been seconded, and I regret that I
must decline to yield.
Mr. HAWLEY. Then I hope the bill will
not be passed.
The bill was then read the third time, and
Mr. SARGENT. I suggest that the title of
this bill should be amended by adding the
words "and for other purposes."
No objection was made, and the title was
amended accordingly.
Mr. ARMSTRONG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
stockbiudfle and munsee indians.
Mr. ARMSTRONG, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back with an amend-
ment Senate bill No. 610, for the relief of the
Stockbridge and Munsee tribe of Indians, in
the State of Wisconsin.
The bill was read at length as follows
Be it enacted byihe Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United Stutes of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the two townships of land, situated in the
county of Shawanaw and State of Wisconsin, set
apart for the use of the Stockbridge and Munsee
tribe of Indians, shall, under direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, be examined and appraised,
by two or more disinterested appraisers to be selected
by him, in eighty-acre lots, according to public sur-
vey. Such appraisal shall state the quality of the
soil, the quantity, quality, and value of the timber
growing ot>each lot* estimating the pine timber at
not less than one dollar per thousand, and thevalue
of all improvements, if any, made thereon, with the
name of the owner of such improvements, as certi-
fied by the sachem and councilors of said tribe, and,
when returned to the land office of the district in
which said lands are situated, be subject to public
inspection for at least thirty days beforo the day
appointed for the sale of such lands, as hereinafter
provided. One copy of said appraisal shall be made
and returned to the land office of the district, and a
duplicate thereof to the Secretary of the Interior,
within six months from the passage of this act, and
the persons appointed to make such appraisal shall
be allowed such compensation for their services as
mny be fixed by the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the said two
townships of land shall be advertised for sale, by
notice of not less than three months, to be published
in at least three newspapers of the district having
general circulation, and shall be offered at public
auction to the highest bidder in lots ofnotexceeding
eighty acres each, but shall not be sold for less than
the appraised value thereof. None of said lands
shall be subject to entry until they shall have been
offered as aforesaid, and then only at the price fixed
by such appraisal. All of said lands remaining unsold
at the expiration of one year after they shall have
been offered as aforesaid shall be again advertised
and offered at public auction at not less than the
minimum of SI 25 per acre, and thereafter shall be
subject to private entry at the latter price, and shall
in all cases be sold for cash only: Provided, however,
That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby author-
ized to reserve from sale a quantity of said lands not
exceeding eighteen contiguous sections, embracing
such asarenow actually occupied and improved, and
are best adapted to agricultural purposes, subject to
allotment, to members of the Indian party of said
tribe as hereinafter provided.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That from the first
proceeds of the sale of lands, as provided in the
second section of this act, shall be paid the expenses
of appraisal and sale of said lands, the amount due
to individuals for improvements as returned by the
appraisers, and the amount of the debts contracted
by the sachem and councilors for the benefit of said
tribes, amounting to the sum of . according to a
schedule to be certified by them, and returned to
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Seo. 4. And be it further enacted. That immediately
after the returns shall be received at the General
Land Office of the last public sale according to the
provisions ot this act, a statement shall be made up,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
exhibiting the gross amount of moneys realized from
the sale of the said two townships of land, after
deducting therefrom the sums appropriated by the
preceding sections of this act. to which said amount
shall be added the value of the lands remaining
unsold of said two townships, estimating the same at
sixty cents per acre; also the sum of $6,000 held in
trust by the Government of the United States for the
use of the Stockbridge and Munsee tribes ot Indians,
under thetreaty of 1839, and the total amount thereoi
shall constitute the entire sum of money due from the
Government of the United States to the said Stock-
bridge and Munsee tribes of Indians, to be paid and
appropriated for their benefit as hereinafter directed.
Sec. 5. And be it further enactedThat the sum ot
money thus found due to the said tribes shall be
divided between the citizen and Indian parties of
said tribes, in proportion to the number of each
respectively, according to rolls thereof made and
returned in conformity with the provisions of this
act to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. Ihat
portion of said sura belonging to the citizen'party
shall be equally divided among them, and paid to the
heads of families and adult members of said party;
that portion of said sum belonging to the Indian
party shall be funded for their benefit, and the
annual interest thereof applied to the support of
schools, the purchase of agricultural implements, or
paid in such other manner as the President may
direct: Provided, however. That a part of said sum
due the Indian party, notexceeding &30.000, may, on
the request of the sachem and councilors of said
tribe.be expended in securing a new location for said
tribe, and in removing and aiding them to establish
themselves in their newjiome; and in ca,se of their
procuring and removal to such new location, at any
time, the said eighteen sections of land reserved for
their use by the second section of this act shall be
sold in the manner therein provided, and the pro-
ceeds thereof funded for their benefit as aforesaid.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That for the pur-
pose of determining the persons who are members
of said tribes, and the future relation of each to the
Government of the United States, there shall be
prepared, under the direction of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, or such person as may bo selected
by him to superintend the same, two rolls, one to
be denominated the citizen roll, to embrace the
names of all such persons of full age and their
families as signify their desire to separate their
relations with said tnbe and to become citizens
of the United States; the other to be denominated
the Indian roll, and to embrace the names ot all
such as desire to retain their tribal character and
continue under the care and guardianship ot the
United States; which said rolls shall be signed by
the sachem and councilors of said tnbe, certified by
the person superintending the same, and returned to
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs; but no person
of full age shall be entered upon said citizen roll
without his or her full and free consent, personally
given to the person superintending such enrollment;
nor shall any person, or his or her descendants, be
entered upon cither said rolls who may have hereto-
fore separated from said tribe and received allotment
of lands under the act of Congresslor the rehefof the
Stockbridge tribe of Indians of March 3, 184o, and
amendment of Augusts, 1846, or under the treatyoi
February 5,1850, or who shall not be of Stockbridge
or Munsee descent. After the said tolls shaH be
made and returned as herein provided the same
shall be held as a full surrender and relinquishment
on the part of the citizen party, each and every one
of them, of all claims to be thereafter known or
considered as members of said tribe, or in any man-
ner interested in any provision heretofore or here-
after to be made by any treaty or law of the United
States for the benefit of said tribes, and they and
their descendants shall thenceforth be admitted to
alt the rights and privileges of citizens of the United
States.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That after the
said rolls have been made and returned the said
Indian party shall thenceforth be known as the
" Stockbridge tribe of Indians,"and may belocated
upon lands reserved by the second section of this act,
or such other reservation as may be procured for
them, with the assent of the council of said tribe,
and their adoption among them of any individual
not of Indian descent shall be null and void.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That as soon as
practicable after a suitable and permanent reserva-
tion shall bo obtained and accepted by said tribe,
either at their present home or elsewhere, the same
shall, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, be surveyed and subdivided to correspond
with the public survey, and the council of said tribe,
under the superintendence of the agent of the Uni-
ted States, shall make a just and fair allotment of
so much thereof (in compact form) as may be re-
quired among the individuals and families compos-
ing said tribe, as follows: each head of a family
consisting ot four persons shall receive eighty acres
of land, and if consisting of more than four persons,
at the discretion of the council, eighty acres more
maybe assigned to him or her; each male person
above the age of eighteen years, not included in any
family, shall receive eighty acres; each female per-
son above the age of eighteen years, not a member
of any family, and each orphan child, shall receive
forty acres: the lands assigned and allotted as afore-
said shall be held inalienable, and in case of the
death of any person, his or her right thereto shall
descend to his or her heirs, if members of said
tribe, and if he or she dies without heirs capable of
inheriting, the land shall revert to and become the
common property of said tribe; there shall also be
set apart and appropriated a lot, not exceeding forty
acres, to be held as common property on which to
erect a church, parsonage, school-house, and other
improvements necessary tor the accommodation oi
said tribe: Provided, That if any femaleshr.il marry
out of said tribe she shall thereby forfeit all right to
hold any of ssid lands, as if deceased.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the allot-
ments contemplated in the previous sections of this
act shall be made and a certified copy thereof
returned to the Commissioner ot Indian Affairs
within one year after the reservation shall have
been made and accepted by said tribe, and there-
after the title of the lands described therein shall be
held by the United States, in trust, for individuals
and their heirs to whom the same were allotted.
The surplus lands embraced in such reservation
remaining after making such allotments shall be
held in like manner by the United States, subject to
be allotted to individuals of said tribe who may not
have received any portion of said reservation, or to
be disposed ot for tne common benefit of said tribe:
Provided, That no change or addition shall be made
in the allotment returned to the Commissioner ot
Indian Affairs, unless the same shall be approved by
the Secretary of the Interior.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Indian Affairs was to insert in section two,
after the words ''offered at public auction,"
wherever those words occur, the words u at
the nearest Government laud office within the
Green Bay agency."
Mr. HAWLEY. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me to offer the amendment I desired
to move to the bill just passed.
Mr. ARMSTRONG-. I cannot yield for that
purpose, because I believe such an amendment,
if adopted, would injure the bill.
Mr. PAINE. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Armstrong] if this
bill is in accordance with the wishes of this
tribe of Indians?
Mr. ARMSTRONG-. It is; at least so the
committee is informed. I will state very
briefly, in explanation of this bill, that it is
precisely similar to the bill just passed by the
House. The Stockbridge and Munsee tribes
of Indians have been consolidated, numbering
from six to eight hundred only. _ They own a
smali body of land, two townships, of forty-
six thousand and eighty acres. Of this they
desire to have sold some one and a hall town-
ships, of thirfcy-one thousand five hundred and
twenty acres. They cannot make this sale
without the aid of an act of Congress. The
reasons for the' sale are those which I have
stated. Depredations are being made on the
land; some injury has been caused by fire. It
is the interest of the Indians that the lands
