588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
be sold, and they very much desire it.
I now call the previous question.
Mr. SHANKS. I object to the form in
which the amendment has been presented. It
is not in the form in which it passed the com-
mittee. The committee agreed that the lands
should be offered for sale in the respective
counties where they may lie. Without that
amendment I would not have agreed to the
bill at all.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I will explain that
matter to the gentleman. The amendment, as
now worded, differs somewhat from that which
the committee agreed to report ; but in its
present form it has been explained to most of
the members of the committee and they assent
to it. I looked for thcTgentleman to submit it
to him, but was not able to find him. In its
present form it is similar in spiritto theamend-
ment agreed on by the committee, the object
being to sell the lands where they would bring
the largest price. The amendment, as framed
in committee, provided that the lands should
be sold in the respective counties in which
they he. But'these counties are very remote
from settlement, and a sale there would not
probably command the largest price. Hence,
upon consultation with such members of the
committee as I could see, and upon the addi-
tional information which we have on this sub-
ject, it has been thought that the purpose of
the committee will be best accomplished by
the amendment- as it now stands, providing
that the lands shall be sold at the nearest Gov-
ernment land office in Green Day agency.
Mr. SHANKS. The remarks of the gen-
tleman impliedly concede that the agency is
perhaps at a considerable distance from the
land. My objection was mainly to the sale
being made at a distance from the land. I
desire that the people who buy it shall see it
and know what, they are getting. 1 cannot
sustain the amendment in its present form.
As one member of the committee, I desire
that the amendment shall bo presented in
the form in which it was agreed to by the
committee. I cannot sustain it in any other
form.
Mr. UAWLEY. 1 ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Armmtuoxi;] to allow mo
to oiler now the amendment which 1 desired
to propose to the other bill, limiting the sale
ot these lands so that not more than one hun-
dred and sixty acres shall be sold to any one
purchaser.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. 1 object to that amend-
ment for the reason that I am satisfied it would
defeat the main purpose of this bill.
Mr. UAWLEY. 'Why?
Mr. ARMSTRONG." So far as regards
timber land, any man acquainted in the least
degree With the timber business knows that
one hundred and sixty acres are not enough to
justify any timber operations.
Mr. HAWLBY. Then why does the bill
speak ol lands being sold in some cases in
quantities of eighty acres ?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Because the object is I
to allow proper competition for such part ot' !
the land as may be suitable for agricultural j
purposes. !
Mr. HAWLEY. Rut as I understand it
the bill at the same time contemplates that
laud may be sold in much larger quantities
to one purchaser.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. A part of it. I
Mr. HAVLfeY. 1 desire to provide by ray j
amendment that no one purchaser shall buy j
more than one hundred and sixty acres. * '
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I think such a pro-
vision would be objectionable for the reason T 1
have stated, that so far as regards the timber j
lands it would defeat the purpose of the bill, \
as no man would buy one hundred and sixty !
acres with a view to timber operations. I must I
insist on the previous question. j
Mr. IIAWLEY. 1 ask the gentleman to ;
yield to me for five minutes, that I may speak j
in opposition to the bill. i
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I will yield to the gen-
tleman after the previous question has been
seconded.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 50, noes 10 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Armstrong
and Mr. Shanks were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 100, noes 20.
So the previous question was seconded.
'The main question was ordered, which was
first upon the amendment reported from the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I now yield five min-
utes to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
H.uvlky. ]
Mr. HAWLEY. Mr. Speaker, it has not
been my purpose to offer any factious objec-
tion to this bill; but as a member of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands of this House I do
conceive it to be my duty to oppose all legisla-
i tion touching the public lands which seems to
1 me vicious. I think that all bills of this char-
acter should properly come from the commit-
tee of which 1 am a member. Had such a bill
been considered in that committee I should
have steadily opposed it in its present form.
There is not a meeting of the Committee on
the Public Lands at which the attention of
the committee is not called to the frauds com-
mitted throughout the length and breadth of
the country under the legislation of Congress
and the usages with reference to the sale of
public lands.
Now, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Armstrong] having charge of this bill himself
pays that it is expected that these lands will be
sold in quantities greater than eighty acres,
that it is not expected while they are required
to offer the lands in quantities ot' eighty acres
that bids will be confined to that quantity or
that purchases will be confined to eighty acres
on the part of each purchaser. And when I
proposed to amend the bill so that no person
could purchase more than one hundred and
sixty acres he opposed it because, as ho said,
they ought to he allowed to purchase in quan-
tities greater than one hundred and sixty acres.
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that the fair
and proper policy, and the only one, is to con-
fine the sale of the public lands to purchasers
in quantities not greater than .one hundred
and sixty acres. If they are confined to pur-
chases of one hundred and sixty acres there
can be no fraud about it, because the different
persons attending at sales at the first, the sec-
ond, and subsequent sales, can each purchase
one hundred and sixty acres if they desire it,
but if the limit be beyond that one person can
purchase the whole, and thus, as we know,
frauds are committed. These frauds are not
only committed in reference to the lands which
are arable, but are committed as well in refer-
ence to the timber lands, as every man who has
given attention to the subject well knows. The
true policy of Congress, it seems to me, should
be to confine the disposal of the public lands
wholly to homestead and preemption settlers.
I believe that to be the true policy in reference
to the public domain, and that we"should never
sell any of the public lands. It should not be j
the policy of Congress simply to make money '
by selling these lands to purchasers, but they
should be reserved for actual settlers, and set-
tlers only. Thus the laboring men. the poor
men of the country, the great body of the
people, will be able to avail themselves of the
use and occupation of the public lands; but if
they are put in the market, as proposed hero,
and as was proposed by the bill which has
just passed the House, there is no opportunity
atiorded to the actual settlers, because the men
having the money may come in and purchase
all the lands offered for sale,
Now, Mr. Speaker, for these reasons I
oppose the biil as it stands, because I believe
the policy to be wrong, and because, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on the Public Lauds, I
do not feel that 1 can consistently with my
duty sit still in my place .here and see a bill
like this pass without my opposition.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, it may
be sufficient to suggest that these are not pub-
lic lands; that the lands have been once con-
veyed and the title vested in these Indians,
whether by patent or treaty, and that they'
have ceased to be public lands.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Can the Government
by treaty vest the title to the public lands in
Indians?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Can the Senate, then,
vest the title of all the public lands of the
United States?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. So long as the Govern-
ment of the United States in its political capa-
city recognizes the Indian tribes and treats
with them as independent Powers, so long
are we bound by our contracts with them and
we cannot repudiate them.
Mr. HAWLEY. If these are not public
lands, by what authority does Congress assume
to dispose of them ?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Congress does not
assume authority to sell these lands except by
consent of the Indians. They ask that these
lands may be sold. The bill provides that the
lands shall not be sold for less than their
appraised value. If open to settlement, men
would come in as preemptors and take up
the lands at $1 25 per acre. They are worth
more, and ought to realize to these Indians
their full value. As to selling in eighty acre
lots, it allows the lands to bring their full
value. Every purchaser is open to this com-
petition.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What time are these
lands to bo advertised before sale ?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Three months in the
nearest papers to the land.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. At what point are they
to be sold?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. They are to be sold
at the Government land office nearest to the
lands.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did'not quite under-
stand from the gentleman's explanations in
what quantities the bill proposes to have the
lands sold.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Not exceeding eighty
acres.
Mr. BEAMAN. Has not the morning hour
expired?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I ask the indulgence
of the gentleman for a moment until this bill
is disposed of. I now ask for a vote.
The question was taken on the amendment
reported by the committee; and it was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. ARMSTRONG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION ISILL.
Mr. BEAMAN- I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the spe-
cial order, being the Post Office appropriation
bill; and pending that motion, I move that all
general debate be closed in one minute.
The question being put on the motion to
close debate in one minute, it was agreed to.
Mr. BEAM AN. I now move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole for
the consideration of the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Blair in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (II. R. No. 2579) making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the year ending June,
30, 1872,
