590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 38,
The Clerk read as follows:
hail robbers and mail failures.
[Special to the New York Post.]
"'Washington, December 28,1870.
" 'During tho past two weeks the mails from the
West and New England have either been several
hours late or have failed to como at all. Twice last
week the Boston mail did not arrive until from one
to three days late, and once the mail failed to come
at all, and has not yet been heard from.
" 'A large number of mail robberies are also reported
as having occurred between hero andNew York. Let-
ters containing money, others with dratts inclosed,
and packages of books sent from this city to parties
in Philadelphia, have disappeared, and have never
been heard of.
" 'The Post Office Department seems powerless to
stop the stealing, having had its attention repeatedly
called to the cases. The evil still remains uncor-
rected, and is the subject of much comment here
among persons who are accustomed to use the mail
freely, and to avail themselves of it to convey im-
portant letters with inclosures.'
"We are so accustomed to this sort of thing in this
State that wo have almost ceased to complain. Uncle
Samuel isa very uncertain rnessengerin Texas. Im-
perfect and irreguln r mail service is the rule; all else
is the exception. Wo would bo delighted if our Sen-
ators and Representatives would drop politics for
awhile and devote themselves exclusively to mail
and other matters affecting our material interests."
Mr. BE AMAN. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and ask for a vote upou it.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to strike out; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CONNER. I move to increase the ap-
propriation contained in this section by the sum
of'$20,000, for the purpose of putting in the
hands of the Post Office Department a sum
sufficient to enable it to send into Arkansas and
Texas—especially into Texas—-a special force
sufficient to reorganize a proper and efficient
mail service in those States. And I call upon
my Republican colleagues from those States to
assist me in having this amendment adopted.
If it is not adopted, let the responsibility rest
with the other side of the House. I have told
you that irresponsible parties, and in many
instances dishonest and corrupt men, filled the
Federal offices in Texas. I nave shown you
that the mails are unsafe and irregular; and
now if you refuse to apply the remedy I trust
the people will remember it. I desired to place
in the hands ot the Department a sufficient sum
to enable the Postmaster General to put detec-
tives upon the track of the thieves who are pil-
fering the mails, and the worthless postmasters
and mail contractors throughout the country
who are negligent of their duty; but the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,] in
his usual spirit of fairness, kindness, and mag-
nanimity, interposed his individual objections.
I wish the people of Texas to know who is to
blame foi* the irregularity of their mails and
for the existing imperfect mail system in that
State-
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and ask for a vote.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and upon a division—ayes 30, nays 81 —
it was not agreed to.
Mr.BEAMAN. Imovethatthe committee
now rise and report this bill with the amend-
ment to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. blair reported
that, according to order, the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had had
undtir consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. ft. No.
2579) making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department during the year
ending June GO, 1872, and had directed him to
report the same back to the House, with an
amendment.
Mr. BE AMAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendment.
Mr. CONNER. I desire a separate vote on
the amendment which I offered in Committee
of the Whole, proposing to increase the appro-
• priation in the third section from $3,969,383 to
$3,989,383.
The SPEAKER. No such amendment has
been reported to the House by the Committee
of the Whole. Only amendments adopted in
the Committee of the Whole are voted on in
the House.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was upon agree-
ing to the following amendment adopted in
Committee of the Whole;
At the end of section one add tho following;
That no money appropriated by this act shall be
applied to the payment of the alleged claim against
the United States in tavor of George Chorpenning,
now pending before the Sixth Auditor of the Treas-
ury, or any part thereof.
The amendment was concurred iu.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
charges against iion. james brooks.
~ Mr. BINGHAM, from the select committee
appointed to investigate the charges made by
Hugh J. Hastings against Hon. James Brooks,
submitted the following report:
Tuesday, January 17t 1871.
Tho select committee appointed by the House to
investigate the charges made by Hugh J. Hastings
against Hon. James Brooks, a membor of this
liousc. met at ten o'clock a. m. to-day.
Mr. Brooks and Mr. Hastings were present. Hugh
J. Hastings appeared before the committee and
presented tho following communication in writing:
Gentlemen of the Committee :
X have attended in obedience to your telegraphic
summons, out of respect to the honorable the House
of Representatives of tho United States. In tho
publication I mnde concerning Mr. James Brooks,
member of Congress, I felt I was doing my duty as a
journalist, and published only those things that I
belioved to bo true,for the public good and with
justifiable ends. I have caused to he read to the
House of Representatives a memorial setting forth
the facts and circumstances attending the publica-
tion and provocations which load to the controversy
between Mr. Brooks and myself, and which memo-
rial has been reterred to your committee; and I have
asked in said memorial that this, which is a personal
quarrel between myself and Mr. BrOoks, should
not be made, as 1* believo and respectfully submit it
should not be, a subject of congressional investiga-
tion, and I therefore respectfully ask that the com-
mittee will first take into consideration, before I
am called upon lor further action beforo the com-
mittee, and decide the question whether the words
complained of by Mr. Brooks, in view of all the cir-
cumstances. should bo tho subject of congressional
investigation.
Awaiting your decision upon this question, which
I respectfully submit, I reserve further answer until
tho course which the committoe will take is made
known to me.
The committoe, having considered the communica-
tion, determined to proceed with the investigation,
and so informed Mr. Hastings. Mr. Hastings then
presented tho following communication, in which he
declined further to participate in the investigation:
Gentlemen of the Committee :
I have heard your determination to investigate the
questions pending between myself and Mr. Brooks.
i'ou have been already informed, both by the articles
published by the papers and by the declarations of
Mr. Brooks beforo tho House, that I have submitted
my side of the controversy to a court of law, and he
has proposed to submit Iiis either to the courts in
New York or in this District. In either forum I
shall be ready to meet him, with full confidence that
1 shall be able to justifv and make good all I have
alleged against him. > While these controversies are
ponding I protest against any action which will result
in a premature disclosure of the proofs by which I
may desire to justify what I have written, in order
that Mr. Brooks may bo prepared to meet them,
which I charge to be the object on his part in this
proposed investigation.
I further respectfully submit, upon examination
of the resolution which I find published in the Con-
gressional Globe, no copy of it having been served
upon me, that it contains no allegation of matters
showing what tho charges are that I am cited before
tho committee to make' good. A garbled extract
irom an article -in the Commercial Advertiser was
read to the House by Mr. Brooks, so that, whether
I look to the Globe or the resolution before the com-
mittee, I am not informed as to what facts or allega-
tions I am called upon to substantiate. Moved by
these considerations, I deem it duo to myself as a
matter of personal protection in the lesral proceed-
ings instituted, and which are threatened to be
brought by Mr. Brooks, to respectfully decline fur-
ther participation in the investigations of this honor-
able committee. This I do with the utmost respect
for this committee and the honorable House of Rep-
resentatives.
I am yours, respectfully.
The committee having considered this communica-
tion, again decided to proceed with the investigation,
and directed Mr. Hastings to be sworn to testify as a
witness, he having been duly subpenaed for that
purpose.
Mr. Hastings refused to be sworn to testify.
After consultation, the committee determined to
put, and did put to Mr. Hastings, the following inter-
rogatory :
''Hugh J. Hastings, will you be sworn as to the
truth or falsity of the following charges :
" ' Jamks Brooks has been charged as a jobber and
corruptionist, and lacked the courage to defend him-
self.1 * * x * We invite Mr. Brooks
to give us a chance to prove it.
"'We are one of his constituents, and by common
custom we are entitled to call in question his official
acts. We repeat that Mr. James Brooks, M. C., is
notoriously a jobber and a corruptionist; that he has
amassed great wealth by his position in Congress;
that he is known at Washington as one of the most
shameless instruments of the lobby. And this we
stand by.' *'
Answer, I will not be sworn or testify, for tho
reasons set forth in my written communications."
Mr. Hastings was then permitted to retire, subject
to the call of the committee.
Wednesday, January 18,1871.
Tho following communication was received from
Mr. Brooks, offering to prove the retraction by Mr.
Hustings of the libel upon Henry D. Stone, but the
committee concluded not to receive that testimony:
House of Representatives,
Washington, I). C., January 10,1871.
Hon. John A. Bingiiam, Chairman, d-c,:
I am ready to offer evidence to establish the fact
that Hugh J. Hastings signed the retraction of the
libel upon Henry 1). Stone, which has been read m
the House and been denied by him; and I await
the opportunity to summon him, with two or three
other witnesses, to prove the signing. Mr. Stone,
the person libeled, and who rpceived the retraction,
I find to be still living in Albany, and amenable to
the summons of the House, as are other persons
cognizant of tho facts.
Yours, respectfully, JAMES BROOKS.
Wherefore, tho committee submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That it is the judgment of this House
that, bv reason of the refusal of said Hastings to
testify before the select committee to the truth of
his said accusations, or any of them, Hon. James
Brooks is fully exonerated from tho charges so
made by said Hastings, and that the committee be
discharged from tho further consideration of the
subject.
Mr. BINGHAM. I believe there is no dis-
position to debate this subject j and I call the
previous question upon agreeing to the resolu-
tion reported by the committee.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
committee appointment.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Negley to fill the vacancy occasioned
on the Committee on the Pacific Railroad by
the death of Mr. Covode.
adjournment.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the rules he
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, to consider the consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move that the House
adjourn.
On agreeing to the motion, there were—ayes
81, noes 46.
Mr. HOAR. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CULLOM. I wish to inquire of the
Chair what would be the business regularly
before the House if we should not adjourn?
There seems to be an impression among mem-
bers that there is nothing for us to do.
^TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Kelsey,] a member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, has moved that the
House go into Committee of the Whole for the
