THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
disabilities; which #a§referred.to the select
Committee oti the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities. . ,
Mr.. BAYARD presented the.petition of
Ann Ryan; widow of John it van, deceased,
late of Wilmington, Delaware, praying an
extension of a patefat for " self-eoanectin|;.
and detaching railroad car coUplifig;" whfeh
Was reftrxed to the Gofnmittfee on-Patents.
Me. CASSERLY. I p'reseeft drlirge ritmi-
ber of .petitions, .from citizens '.And. residents
of the States df California, awd N-etada alohg
the line of the Central Pacific railroad. These
petitions set forth that the destruction of val-
uable timber aldng thte line pf that toad has
been very grievous, that there is no mode
Whereby title can be acquired satisfactorily to
the timber which remains* and asking for the
passage iof some law to iacilitfeite the acquisi-
tion of private title to the timber latld in that
part of the country. I ask that one of these
petitions be printed; there are a large num-
ber of them, which I send to the desk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill of the
House, on that subject Was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, arid these peti-
tions will be referred to the same committee.
Mr. FENTON. I present the petition of a
large number of soldiers, principally from the
State of New York. The petition mentions
the company, regiment, State, and time of
service of each person who has appended his
signature to it. They ask that every soldier
shall be allowed twelve months, after locating
his homestead, beforfe He shall be required to
settle updn it. They also ask that the titae
that soldiers served in the Army shall be de-
ducted from the time now required to perfect
titles to homesteads and other matters which
properly relate to the bill which.has been re-
Sorted, I believe, by the Committee on Public
lands. As it may receive fai-ther considera-
tion, however, from that committee, I move
that the petition be referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of Bar-
tholomew D. Christian, of the county of Kent,
Virginia, ahd of Gfeorge A. Bruce, of Augusta
county, Virginia, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which wene referred to
the select Cofflmittefe On the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
COJlt'ILATlM Off TREATIES.
Mr. ANTHONY; The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a Resolution to print
the treaties and conventions of .the United
States compiled by the State Department,
have instructed me to report it back without
amendment and recommend its passage; and
I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the concurrent
resolution was coasidered and agreed to, as
follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That there be printed th'e usual
number of copies of treaties and convention^ as re-
ported to the Senate from thte State Department, and,
in addition thereto, one thousand, copies,for the
use of the State Department", one thousand copies
ior the use of the Senate, nnd t\vo thousand copi'es
for the use of the Ubase of Representatives.
REPORT ON TRADE WITS CANADA.
Mr. ANTHONY'. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a Resolution of the
House of Representatives to print copies of
the report of the commissioner appointed " to
examine and report upon the trade between the
United States and the provinces of Canada,"
have directed me to report it back with an
amendment, and recommend its passage ; and
I ask for its present consideration.
the.re being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following concurrent
resolution of the Souse of Representatives:
Resolved by thejlouse of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring.)That there bepri'nted five thousand
exfjri copies of the report Of t'lVe toramisfiioncr ati
pointed by the Secretary of the Treasury " to exam-
ine and report upon the trade between the United
States ana tlie provinces of Canada;" two thousand
for the use of the House, otie thousand for the use bf
the Senate, atid twb thousand for distribution in the
prOTliioes." ...
The Committee on Printing reported the
resolution with an amendment, to strike out
the words " for distribution in the provinces,"
knd insert "for the Use of the Treasury De-
partment."
The amendment was agreed to:
The resolution, aS amended, #as adopted.
report ©~t commissioner of education.
Mr. AtTTfiOfTY. . Now, &.S reports are
undef fionsiae'ratiofl, I wish the Senate would
allow tii'e to fcalt tip Shd dispose of the resolu-
tion for the printing of the fejsdrt of thfe Com-
missioner of Education. It is a tt&tter bf
itfconvehiehS# fo the Pointing Office to have
so much type standing there; and whether the
Senate pass it ot reject it, 1 really wish they
would dispose Of it this taorning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator froth
Rhode Island asks unanimous consent that the
Senate preceed tb th'e consideration of tlie
resolution for printing the report of the Com-
missioner of Education.
Mr. FOWLER. I objeet.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I give notice that,
6s soon as the mofning business is over, I
shkll move to take up that resolution, and I
hope thbse frho wish to dispose of it will
stand by me.
fiEi?OfcrS Ot COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom were referred the follow-
ing petitions, memorials, and resolutions, asked
to be discharged from their farther considera-
tion ; which was agreed to :
The petition of L. L. O'Genner, praying to
be restored to his. late tank of lieutenant in
the third cavairy United States Army;
The petition of Winefred Sams, widow of
John H. Sams, praying compensation for ser-
vices rendered by her husband during the late
war;
The petition of Benjamin S. Roberts, pray-
ing that he may be protected in his rights as
patentee of a mode of changing muzzle-load-
ing fire-arms into breech-loading fire-arms,
infringed upon by the War Department;
The memorial of the board of trustees of
Indiana University, praying a modification of
the law authorizing the President of the Uni-
ted States to detail to an established college
or university officers of the Army to act as
president, superintendent, or professor, so as
to authorize the detail of retired officers of the
Army to be professors of military science and
civil engineering in such institutions, and as
such to receive the same compensation as if
they were on the active list;
The memorial of the Legislative Assembly
of Dakota, in faVor of the construction of a
military road from Port AbiSrcrombie to Fort
Pembina, in that Territory ;
A letter of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of December 16, 1869, informa-
tion in reiati'O'ti to the amount of land claimed,
held, or occupied as military reservations in
the State of Florida ;
A resolution of the board of supervisors of
the city and county of San Francisco, in favor
of the dedication of the Presidio reservation
for the purpose of a public park;
A resolution of the Legislature of Vermont,
in favor of the passage of 'a bill providing for
the payment of the balance of the war claims
due that State from the United States;
Resolutions of the Legislature of Kansas, in
favor of the speedy adjustment and payment
of the claims of citizehs of that State for ser-
vices rendered; and
A resolution of th6 Legislature of Iowa, in
favor of such legislation aS Will set aside the
judgment of the military court in the case of
William B. Gritchfield and Henry C. Ander-
son, late' soldiers of thfe thirteenth Iowa in-
fantry, upon a charge of absence without leave,
and that they may be allowed their pay and
allowances forfeited by reason of such decision.
Mr. WILSON, from the game cbmmittee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 255) Sup-
plementary to an act entitled "An act for the
relief of certain companies of scouts and guides
organized in Alabama," approved March 3,
1869, reported adversely thereon, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2713) in rela-
tion to additional bounties, &e., reported it
without amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee
oft Patents, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1195) for the relief of D. J. Powers,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the Committee on tlie Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1162) to amend the third section of an act
entitled "An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved Marbli 2, 1867, and for other pur-
poses, rfeported it with an amendment-
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1170) to ametid
ah act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," approved March 2, 1867, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the bill (S. No. 1085) to amend
section twenty-nine of an act entitled "An
act to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States," and the
bill (S. No> 1178) to amend the fourteenth
section of the act entitled "An act to estab-
lish a uniform system of bankruptcy through-
out the United States," reported adversely
thereon, and moved their indefinite postpone-
ment ; which Was agreed to.
He also, from the ssme cdmmittee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1037) to regulate
appeals in proceedings in bankruptcy, reported
it with an amendment.
He also, from the same bommittee, lo whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2514) to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States," reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to whom Was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2688) for the relief of the former
occupants of the military reservation of San
Jos6, in the city and county of San Francisco,
and for other purposes, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. If it be in order, I now move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of Senate bill No. 1305.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent, as the morning business has not
yet been concluded.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. I hope the Senator will
allow us to make reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York has risen with a report, which has
priority.
Mr. CONKLINGr. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 263-1) to amend an act approved May
31, 1870, entitled " An act to enforce the rights
of citizens of the United States to vote in the
several States of this Union, and for other pur-
poses," have directed me to report it back with-
out amendment, and with a recommendation
that it pass. In making this report I wish to
say that this is a bill to defend the ballot-box
against frauds and piracies ; and I giye notice
that very soon I shall ask the attention of the
Senate to it, and then shall appeal to the friends
of the bill to stand by it until we reach a vote
upon it.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is the bill ?
Mr. CONKLING. It is a bill to guard the
