1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
consideration of the consular and diplomatic
appropriation bill.
Mr. CQLLOM. If it is the intention to take
up that bill, I hope we shall not adjourn.
The SPEAKER. On the motion to adjourn
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HOAR. I suggest that by unanimous
consent the question be taken by tellers.
The SPEAKER. "Is there general consent
that a count by tellers shall settle this ques-
tion?
Mr. McNEELY. I object.
Mr. HOAR. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the yeas and nays were ordered.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurring on ordering the yeas
and nays, the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. DAWES. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Griswold were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 64, noes 01.
relief of army officers.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting, in answer to a
resolution adopted by the House January 4,
1871, a report of the Adjutant General upon
the construction placed by the War Depart-
ment upon the law of July 11, 1870, for the
relief of certain officers of volunteers ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
rivers and iiardors.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting a report of the chief
of engineers upon the improvement of certain
rivers and harbors; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
survey of indian reservations.
The SPEAKER also, by unaniftaous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting a report of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs in relation
to the survey of Indian reservations during the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1872; which were
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
united states bonds issued to indians, etc.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolution
of the House of January 9, 1871, in relation to
bonds of the United States issued to Indian
tribes and other parties; also the amount of
the principal of said bonds, &c. ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
united states treasurer's account.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Treasurer of the United States, transmitting
his adjusted quarterly accounts of receipts and
expenditures of the United States for the third
and fourth quarters, 1867, and the first and
second quarters, 18ti8, being for the fiscal year
ending 30th June, 1868, and in conformity with
an act of Congress, approved 2d September,
1789; which was refeired to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
quartermaster's department.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, transmitting an estimate of
amounts required to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the quartermaster's depart-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30,1871;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro;
priations, and ordered to be printed.
poor of the district of columbia.
The SPEAKER, also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, transmitting the report of
Lieutenant E. F. Bridges, United States Army,
of the number of persons relieved under the
act of Congress of February 15,1870, providing
for the temporary relief of poor and destitute
persons in the District of Columbia; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
experimental rifled gun.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a letter of the
chief of ordnance, recommending that an ap-
propriation of $200,000 be granted for the con-
struction of an experimental rifled gun; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
oreen river.
• The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, submitting
estimate of appropriations to complete survey
of Green river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
disbursing clerk, interior department.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, in relation
to the disbursing clerk of his Department;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
enrolled bills and resolutions. '
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and joint resolu-
tions of the following titles ; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1357) for the relief of
Shadrick Saunders, Daniel Moore, Alexander
Forbes, and other citizens of Petersburg, Vir-
ginia;
Anact(H. R. No. 2414) ceding certain juris-
diction to the State of Ohio ;
An act (H. R. No. 2706) for the relief
of Charles Pomeroy, late receiver of public
moneys at Fort Dodge, Iowa ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 160) providing
for the payment of James T. Elliott, late a
private of the eleventh Michigan infantry, for
services as extra duty-clerk; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 450) authoriz-
ing the settlement of the accounts of William
y. Patch.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Strader to the 1st of February
next; to Mr. Clark, of Texas, for three days;
to Mr. Clarke, of Kansas, indefinitely ; and
to Mr. Taffe an extension of one week on his
present leave.
And then (at three o'clock and forty minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMBLER: The petition of E. L. F.
Randolph and 24 others, citizens of Colum-
biana county, Ohio, praying for the establish-
ment of a post route from East Liverpool to
New Waterford. in said county.
By Mr. ARNELL : A petition of 22 citizens
of Cleveland, Tennessee, asking Congress to
give aid to common schools in the South.
By Mr. JULIAN; The memorial of the Pre-
emptors' Union, setting forth that the people
of the State of- Kansas, in certain localities,
are seriously considering the necessity which
is driving them to assert their rights in obe-
dience to the first law of nature; in proof of
which the memorialists present for the con-
sideration of Congress a preamble and reso-
lutions, passed unanimously at a meeting by
a large body of citizens of Cherokee county,
Kansas, held at Columbus, on the 31st day of
December, 1870, declaring that they have
heard with alarm that the Government has
ordered the removal of the settlers from
Miami reservation by the military power of
the United States, upon the request of the
Indian agent stationed at La Cygne ; and that
the settlers on these lands are bona fide cit-
izens of Kansas, who have invested their
means in improving their land and making
homes for their wives and children, which, by
the great laws of right and justice that char-
acterized the settlement of colonial times, the
subsequent organization and settlement of
States, and the acquisition of territory, belong
to them and their children's children ; that
the right to defend their homes, self preser-
vation, is the first law of nature, and the right
of the citizen to be protected in his home,
whether it be the superstructure of wealth
or the thatched cabin of poverty, should
remain inviolate. And the settlers further set
forth and declare by resolutions, then and there
unanimously adopted, that their hearts are
with their neighbors on the Miami reserve in
their struggle for their homes, and their hands
are ready, if need be, to aid in defending said
homes and firesides from the ruthless inva-
sion of military power directed against them
by monopolists and sanctioned by the ruling
powers; that the authority of the Govern-
ment is just as much required in the protec-
tion of the settlers as it is in guarding the
interest of wealth and capital, and that if
the strong arm of military power must be
invoked it should spring with alacrity to the
defense of the poor working-man and be his
"shield and buckler" against monopoly,
wealth, land rings, and land grabbers, and
should see that he and his family are not
dragged from his home to satisfy the cringing
caprice of Indian agents and land pirates
who have very nearly stolen the patrimony
bequeathed to them by "our fathers;" that
the people of Cherokee county send greet-
ing to their brethren on the Miami reserve—a
resolute determination to render them aid, if
the authorities prove recreant to their trusts ;
for the issue of the Miami settlers is their issue,
the struggle of labor against capital, the issue
of right against wrong ; and they must be sus-
tained at all hazards ; that if it is the determ-
ination of the capitalists and monopolists,
through the agency of the military power, to
drive the people from their homes in Kansas
by force, they would be recreant to themselves,
their families, and to God if they did not dis-
pute every inch of ground, and only abandon
their homesteads when laid in ashes before
them by the vandal hands sent to despoil and
destroy them; and further, that thejr look upon
the recent act of the -Government in relation
to the proposed and unwarranted use of the
military power in States not in rebellion as
dangerous to liberty, destructive to republican-
ism, and tending to crush out and subdue the
spirit of independence and the respect for civil
law which are the true guarantees of a free
democratic government. The memorial fur-
ther represents that, while those who now ad-
minister the Government maybe able in the
end to crush the people struggling against
poverty and the tyranny of wealth, it would be
better policy not to force an issue which will
be destruction to the people and be injurious
to the Government; and that the people beg
a full and fair investigation by Congress, and
to be protected in their rights as citizens of a
free democratic Government,
By Mr. MOREY: The memorial of' W.
Jasper Blackburn, asking additional compen-
sation as a Representative from Louisiana in
the Fortieth Congress.
By Mr. SMITH, of Ohio: A petition of citi-
zens of Miamiville, Ohio, asking favorable ac-
tion by Congress on certain resolutions adopted
al a meeting of the National Tobacco Asso-
ciation held at Richmond, Virginia, ou the
6th December, 1870.
