THE CGJSTG-11ESS10NAL GLOBE.
January 19,
IN SENATE!.
Thursday, January 19, 1871.
Prayer by Bev. J. A. McCauley, D. D., of
Washington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in compliance with the reso-
lution of the Senate of the 8th of December,
1870, reports of the board of trustees of col-
ored schools of Washington and Georgetown ;
which, on motion of Mr. Sumner, was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a reso-
lution of the Association for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals of the District of Colum-
bia, in favor of the passage of the bill before
the Senate for the prevention of cruelty to ani-
mals ; which was referred to the Committee on
Agriculture.
lie also presented a memorial of citizens of
Brooklyn, New York, praying the enactment
of a law to prevent the further absorption of
the public lands by railway and other corpora-
tions; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial of the
Portland, Rutland, Oswego, and Chicago Hail-
way Company, praying Congress to constitute
its line a post road and national highway, so
as to secure cheap transportation of breadstuff's
and provisions from the West to the sea-board
at uniform rates throughout the year; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Elizabeth Quinn, of Philadelphia, Pennsylva-
nia, mother of Bernard Quinn, late private of
company C, twenty-third regiment, of Pennsyl-
vania volunteers, praying for arrears of pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. CARPENTER presented the petition of
David Hoadley, Henry Grinnell, and others,
praying for the passage of an act providing for
the auditing and payment of claims for dam-
ages done by the Alabama and other British
cruisers; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
John Cullen and William U. Smith, praying
to be restored to the Capitol police force, from
which they contend that they were illegally dis-
charged ; which was referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of Mary
Ann Henry, widow of Captain Henry Henry,
United States Navy, praying arrears of pay
claimed to have been due her late husband;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. ITARLAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Platte county, Nebraska, praying such
an amendment to the homestead law as will
allow soldiers one year after locating home-
steads before being required to make settle-
ment thereon; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. HARLAN. I present a petition from the
Peace Society of the State of Iowa, signed by
the directors of the organization, the Governor
of the Stale, and various other eminent citizens,
piaying fur the establishment of an umpire to
prevent wars in the future. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petition of J.
Thomas Downs, of Charlotte, North Carolina,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Com*
liiittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
William Bridgman, of Ohio, praying to be
allowed a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN. I also present the peti-
tion of J. L. M. Curry, of Richmond, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabil-
ities. This gentleman was formerly a member
of Congress, served with you and me, sir, and
certainly was a very excellent man so far as
he could be, considering his politics. I move
the reference of his petition to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
The motion waa agreed to.
Mr. WARNER. I present a petition num-
erously signed by citizens of Boxly Town,
Indiana, which says:
"Believing that all just government is founded
on civil and religious liberty, and that it is unjust to
tax for the support of any sectarian or religious
institutions those who are conscientiously opposed'
thereto, we pray your honorable body to adopt a
resolution proposing an amendment to the Consti-
tution, to be ratified by the States, that neither the
United States, nor any State, Territory, or other civil
jurisdiction therein, shall appropriate any money or
property for any purpose, directly or indirectly, to
any religious body or sect."
I move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART presented a resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Nevada, ask-
ing for an appropriation to compensate J. A.
Thompson for carrying the United States mail
from Placerville, California, to Carson Valley,
Utah Territory; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, i
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of Catli- j
arine Bonrshett, praying an extension of the .
patent for an improvement in railroad car ,
wheels granted to her husband November 13, ]
1849; which was leferred to the Committee j
on Patents. '
Mr. MORTON. I present the mejnorial of \
the colored national convention recently held |
in this ciiy, with regard to the condition of !
affairs in the South. I have read the paper, |
and regard it as an important one. 1 move j
that it bo printed and laid on the table; and j
should the special committee proposed by the
resolution I offered yesterday be raised, I shall
then move to refer it to that committee.
The memorial was ordered to be printed and
to lie on the table.
Mr. STOCKTON presented the memorial
of Thomas Crabbe, rear admiral United States
Navy, praying that the Navy pay law may be
so amended as to give the same compensa-
tion to all those rear admirals on the retired
list who were retired for the same causes:
which was referred to the Committee on Naval :
Affairs. !
WITHDRAWAL 01' PAPEK3. I
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask on behalf of Mrs. !
Sarah M. Dove that she may have leave to j
withdraw her papers in a pension case from
the files of the Senate. The report, if adverse,
which I do not remember, was sp merely on the
ground that she was entitled to a pension under
the general law at the Pension Office, where
she has since obtained a pension. There can, i
therefore, be no objection to her withdrawing j
the papers. |
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will ;
be made if there be no objection.
UKt'OItTS 01' COMMITTEES. i
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on j
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred I
the bill (S. No. 112(3) to incorporate the Capitol :
Hill Savings-Bank of Washington, District of ■
Columbia, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. PATTERSON. I am also directed by •
the same committee to report a bill (S. No.
1224) restoring to the marshal of the District
of Columbia the exclusive supervision of the
jail in said District. The judges of the Dis-
trict are very anxious that this bill should be ;
passed immediately. It is a very short bill, j
and I ask for its immediate consideration. I
The bill was read a first time by its title,
and passed to a second reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire asks the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider this bill at
the present time. It will be read at length for
information, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It proposes
to abolish the office of warden of the jail in
the District of Columbia, and to restore the
supervision and control of the jail in the Dis-
trict of Columbia to the marshal of the Dis-
trict; and further provides that all appoint-
ments of jailer, clerk, guards, and physician at
the jail shall be made by the marshal, subject
to the confirmation of the chief justice of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill is re-
ported from the Committee on the District of
Columbia. Is there objection to its present
consideration ?
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have it lie
over. I desire to look into it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it will be placed upon the Calendar.
Mr. WILSON subsequently said: I objected
to a bill reported by the chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia this
morning. rThe matter has since been ex-
plained to me, and I withdraw my objection,
for the purpose of allowing the bill to be con-
sidered and passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts withdraws his objection
to the consideration of the bill reported by
the Committee on the District of Columbia in
regard to the warden of the jail. If there be
no further objection, the bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CORBETT. I object.
Mr. PATTERSON. I hope my friend from
Oregon will not persist in his objection. I
think if he will consent to hear an explanation
from me he will withdraw the objection.
Mr. CORBJjJTT. I would rather have the
bill laid over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon objects, and the bill cannot be
considered now.
Mr. CRAG IN,'from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1188) for the payment of Richard M.
Green for the use of his patent by the Govern-
ment, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1140) for the
relief of Rear Admiral Henry Walke, reported
it with an amendment, and submitted a report
thereon ; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on For-
eign Relations direct me to report a bill for
the relief of George Sidney Clement, a British
subject, accompanied by a written report.
'The bill (S. No. 1225) forthe relief of George
Sidney Clement, a British subject, was read a
first time by its title, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it will be an economy
of time if the Senate acts oh that bill at once.
It is simply to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury, if himself on the evidence satisfied
of the loss of a bond claimed by a British sub-
ject, which he says was lost by fire, to issue to
him another bond equivalent in value.
I The bill was read a second time at length.
: It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
■ issue to George Sidney Clement, of London,
j England, a new six per cent. United States
j coupon bond of $1,000, redeemable in 1882,
! and of the series and number hereinafter spe-
! cified, with interest from the 1st day of Sep-
: tember, 18G0, as soon as proof shall be exhib-
ited to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the
destruction of a bond of the loan and value
before mentioned, No. 2221, series four, with
coupons thereto annexed for interest due on
and from the 1st day of May, 1870, and Clement
shali give bond, with sufficient securities to
indemnify the United States against any other
