1420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
• Mr. TtlURMAN. So jar-as the Commis-
sioner of Education is concerned, we have
nothing to -do now with what is reported by
him. We have printed the ordinary number
of copies. The question is whether we shall
print extra copies for distribution among the
people, and that brings up the merits of the
report, and that will give rise to discussion.
Mr. COLE. I hope the motion of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana will not fee agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Louisiana,
to postpone the -consideration of the appropri-
ation bill for the purpose of continuing the
consideration of the resolution reported by the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. HARRIS. I am very anxious to have
the appropriation bill passed, but this is a
matter which ^hould be settled some time, and
I think this is the proper time.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is a suggestion
which occurs to me that perhaps will meet this
difficulty by satisfying all parties. There can
be no doubt of one thing, that tho general
questions involved in the resolution of the
chairman of the Committee on Printing are
much larger than any that grow directly out
of the resolution itself. There is a clause in
the appropriation bill, which probably will be
reached to-day, a discussion of which will
present distinctly all the questions that can
arise in reference to the whole subject. I
think that if the vote is not pressed on this
report at this time we can save a great deal
of debate, and perhaps a repetition of debate,
by discussing the whole merits on the question
of the appropriation bill.
The Senator from Kentucky has given notice
that he will move to strike out the whole
appropriation for the Bureau of Education.
The appropriation is nearly double what it was
last year, and no obvious cause can be assigned
for that increase. But by discussing fully the
merits of the question upon a motion affecting
that part of the appropriation bill, whether to
strike out the whole appropriation or to reduce
it, we shall then have exhausted the question,
and the Senate will be better prepared to vote
on the question of the printing of extra copies
of this report.
I suggest, therefore, that the true course is
for us to go on with the appropriation bill,
and when we reach that part of it relating to
this bureau 'let as discuss the whole question
on its merits; and having done that, there will
be nothing more to say. I imagine that after
that there will be no debate upon any side in
reference to the resolution from tie Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. COLE. I am quite surprised that my
colleague should suggest a discussion of this
whole topic upon an appropriation bill. 1 hope
he will not carry out any such purpose, but let
us go on with this bill. I inquire what is the
motion before the Senate. ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Louisiana to postpone the
further consideration of the appropriation bill
and all other orders for the purpose of con-
tinuing the consideration of the resolution
reported by the Senator from Rhode Island.
The motion was not agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill(H. R. No. 2524) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, andjudicialexpenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1872, the pending question being on con-
curring in the amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, to insert at the end of line
three hundred and ten the following proviso :
Provided, That tho second proviso in that part of
the clause of the first section of the act of Congress
entitled "An act making appropriations forthe legis-
lative, executive, nnd judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the j-ear ending June 30,1871," approved
June 12,1870. where an appropriation is made for the
payment of judgments to bo rendered by the Court
of Claims be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I regret my-
self that the proposition has been made to
repeal the clause which was added to the ap-
propriation bill of last session on the motion of
the late Senator from Missouri, (Mr. Drake,)
and which has elicited a good deal of discus-
sion. If, indeed, it were repealed altogether,
as was proposed at first, it would be a useful
measure of relief; but in tie shape in which
the question is now presented it is a small
matter which does riot reach the real question
at issuo between the different sections of the
country. This is not the measure that we want
at the present time. The remedies for the
reconciliation of the different sections of this
Union are altogether different; and these are
questions which particularly concern the feel-
ings and wants of the people of the section
of country in which I live. I admit that this
is ah important measure to some extent, ag it
furnishes the citizen an opportunity of reaching
the only court through which he has redress
against the Government of the United States.
I believe this is almost the only Government
that is not open to some kind of redress to its
citizens. Indeed, -I think it is a great defect
in our policy that the Government shoold be
held so far above the citizen that he has no
opportunity to hold it responsible for its acts.
Nor do I esteem it at all an important part of
the sovereignty of the United States, as it is
called, that it is so high above the people that
they cannot reach it through some court or
other.
I would not at the present time detain the
Senate in this debate if this question had not
been introduced by others, and discussed, per-
haps, to an unreasonable extent. The great
measure of importance before the country at
the present time, in my judgment, is an entire
amnesty to all the people of the South, a total
abandonment of all that system of legislation
which affects differently different sections of
the country, and a resumption of the former
practice and policy of legislating for the gen-
eral interests of the United States, passing
over all local matters, all sectional ideas, all
questions as to rebellion or to difference of
locality. I propose, therefore, this morning
to discuss this general question in connection
with the proposition immediately before tie
Senate; and as I had prepared some remarks
for a bill which I supposed would come up,
extending general amnesty, I shall"proceed to
discuss that question.
The present age gives greater value to man's
life than any before, for it has multiplied his
powers of enjoying Mid contributing to others'
enjoyment. It has greatly augmented his
capacities to benefit mankind in every depart-
ment of human duty. It has enlarged his
sphere of discovery in the material sciences
and in that of the useful arts. It has vastly
multiplied his dominion over the forces of
nature and enabled him to lay the earth and
waters, the air and all its elements, under con-
tribution. One hour of human life is now
worth more than all the years of an antedilu-
vian. Men live ages now in a single year. One
year of unfettered activity i-s worth a century
of the prisoned-past. Unrestrained freedom
has become the inspiration of enterprise, tbe
purifier of morality, the sanctifier of religion,
the protector of society, and the sinews of gov-
ernment. By freedom I mean the absolute
control over our moral, spiritual, and physical
natures, the full enjoyment of all die rights
and privileges ofthat Government under which
we live. Restraints upon the full enjoyment
of all our admitted rights, without due pro-
cess of law for universally admitted crimes,
are crimes against the interests of society and
the rights of humanity. These crimes are
increased in their malignity just in proportion
as the value of hunian life has been augmented
and the sensibilities of the mind -been quick-
ened. It is not the same thing now to infliet
slavery upon men that it was two centu-
ries ago. Penalties once considered salutary,
and necessary restraints which were suffered.
without dishonor or mortification, are now
cruel and degrading to the-victim, and shame-
ful crimes on the part of the Government.
Periods of imprisonment and privation, at
one time regarded as necessary, are now far
beyond the measure of time adequate to the
purpose, and far more cruel than those of
the past. Penalties, restraints, or qualifica-
tions resulting in disabilities in government
can never be good for the individual, or useful
for the State, if protracted beyond a proper
sense, of justice in all well-regulated minds,
or imposed for condaet not regarded-as vicious
and meriting chastisement.
The perpetuity of free government depends
on the recognition of its justiee, equality, gen-
erosity, and dignity by the citizen on whom
it acts. The individual is the temple in which
liberty dwells forever. If the Government is
free, itmustflow from him, liye his life, and
respond to all his righteous demands. It is
the individual who summons the Government
before his own conscience, and determines its
worth and rectitude, and condemns or acquits,
supports, amends, or destroys, at pleasure. So
long as he is true to himself and refuses to
become another, or to dishonor the principle
of his life, the aim of his being, so long will he
remain free, happy, and honored. The same
is true of the nation.
The life of thi3 nation is the political equal-
ity and freedom of its citizens. They are as
essential to its being as is atmospheric air to
animal existence. The nation may survive the
liberty and equality of its citizens it is true, but
not the American Republic. Forty millions of
people on such a territory as our are indestruc-
tible ia the ordinary exereiseof existing causes.
They will continue to live and multiply under
different institutions and other, forms of gov-
ernment. Man is not limited to one form of
civil institutions. Indeed, it i£ so ordered that
his frame of government points to his moral
and political ideas as the hands on the dial to
the changing hours. _ If we would preserve our
continuity of frame in our growth we must pre-
serve the spirit that inspired our limbs with
life. That spirit must be able to survive the
shock of passion, ambition, foreign wars, do-
mestic insurrection, the seducing influence of
luxury, flattery, personal and family ties,"and
all the allurements from stern duty. These
will rise like angry billows upon the ocean and
bear with titem inevitable ruin unless they are
met by an integrity firm as the eternal mount-
ains. Threatening and dangerous though they
are, they may not be without salutary influ-
ences, producing activity and healthful change
and arresting monotony and stagnation, if
restrained within proper limits. They too
often break (iie resisting power of the Gov-
ernment and leave sad seeds of fatal disease.
Iadeed, great civil commotions seldom sub-
side without undermining to some extent the
constitution of the State or weakening ttie
principle upon which it reposes. Under the
most favorable circumstances they leave dan-
gerous elements, which require care and 1 lie
exercise of sound judgment and a regenerating
charity to eliminate. Our eivil war has been
no exception to the tendency of vindictive
passion to usurp the province of reason and
benevolence. It has not only entered the
hearts of the parties, but, by the writhing
obliquity of the serpent, crept into the heart
of the Government itself. It is to be hoped
that a few years of reflection and the sober
thought of the people will consign it to the
tomb of effete and forgotten statutes, where
it must remain as a monument of the folly and
inconsiderate passion that produced it. It is
the most unfortunate of all the children of the
rebellion. It did not flow from the love of
humanity, opening up new dominions of right,
new field-s for liberty, new incentives to sym-
pathy and forgiveness. It does not come
to sprinkle Lethean waters over the past; it
unyeils the Gorgon's head and threatens
retributaou. It did not enter the Constitution
