596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
laid aside yesterday for the consideration of
the resolution I offered will not be lost sight
of. X shall ask to have the consideration of
that bill resumed as soon as the pending reso-
lation is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts and the Senator from Indiana
both desire bills which have passsd from the
category of unfinished business to be consid-
ered by the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will say to the Senator
from Louisiana and the Senator fr*m Oregon,
who are specially interested in someef these
measures, that if it is agreeable to them I will
take the day suggested.
Mr. KELLOGG. Thursday is the day pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts, I
believe.
Mr. WILSON. .Friday.
Mr. IDSLLOGG. Very well; I am willing
to accept that.
Mr. RAMSEY. I modify my resolution by
fixing Friday, the 27th instant, as the day.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to have it understood,
and I presume it is, that these bills are to be
taken up in the order iu which they stand on
the Calendar.
Mr. KELLOGG and Mr. RAMSEY. Cer-
tainly.
t The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas, to add the Oriental and Mediterra-
nean steamship bill to the list of special orders
embraced in the resolution.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota accepts that amendment; and the
question now is on making the four bills special
orders for Friday of next week.
Mr. CONICLING. Let us understand this.
Bnder the proposition as it stands now are.
these hills to be taken up in the order in which
they have been named?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are.
Mr. CONICLING. Then any other bill which
comes is lo he considered after these. Now,
Mr. President, I want to say one earnest, word
to the Senate. I have no wish about this mat-
ter, except a public wish. The .Senator from
Minnehoia sajstlnit those wlm have been here
before ou^ht, to have precedence on account of
their diligence. If thesis were bills containing
private claims of people who insisted that they
were entitled to so much money from the Gov-
ernment, there might bo souk: ground lor that.
But these are ijot, private bills. They are bills
which concern the public interest; and no mat-
ter who came here first, or who was last in his
proposition, the Senate wants, if we are to act
on this subject, the best bill we cijn get.
Now, if we arrange that one bill which has
been named is to be taken up, and then an-
other. ami so on down lo a fourth, and that
any other bill is to be presented after that,
although I know it may be moved as an amend-
ment, yet, 1 submit, it is not, a good wiiy to get
at it. and 1 ask the Senator from Minnesota to
lei, Friday of next week be, appointed as the
day for considering these measures, and let us
then take up that one of these bills which it
seems at the lime most advisable to take up.
'Ilie VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator fioni New York that the
thirty first rule governs the precedence of spe-
cial orders, as he will see in the Manual.
Mr. CONICLING. I am aware of that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that the request
of the Senator from New York is rather unrea- !
eonable. Some of these bills have been pend-
ing here since early lust session, and have been
considered by one or two committees, and some
of them are bills which in no way concern the
commerce to which his biil relates. Now, it
is proposed that some day be assigned for the
consideration of these bills. One relates to
the commerce between New Orleans and Mex-
ico, which is certainly not a bill which will at
all interfere with the measure the Senatorfrom
New York has introduced. Another is a bill
relating to the commerce between San Fran-
cisco and Australia, and I am quite confident
that he can have no objection to the consider-
ation of that bill because he has some measure
which relates to the commerce on the Atlan-
tic ocean. I think it is hardly fair, because
the Senator within a few days has introduced
a bill, which has been referred to a committee
without knowing whether that committee will
report in favor of or against that bill, or what
action they will take about it, for him to ask
that this matter,should be delayed in the way
he proposes, and that these other bills should
hot be entitled to consideration at the hands
of the Senate, bills that have been pending
here for months, for more than one session.
It appears to me that there is tio difficulty
about this matter. If there are two or three
bills which relate to the commerce of the
Atlantic ocean, when one of those bills comes
up for consideration it is very easy for the
Senator to move to postpone the consideration
of that bill, and if in the judgment of the
Senate that course be proper, that bill Can be
laid aside and some other bill taken up. But
I think it is hardly reasonable for him to ask
that this matter shall be left open to await
the action of the Committee on Commerce in
reference to a bill that was only introduced a
few days ago.
I hope that this resolution will be adopted,
as proposed by the Senator from Minnesota.
'This is a short session. Everybody knows the
difficulty of having any bills of this kind passed
through the House of Representatives unless
they are acted upon with expedition in the
Senate. It is for that reason that it is desir-
able that action should be had in the Senate
at. an early day, in reference particularly to
the bills which were pending here last session.
I ho|Mi, therefore, that the Senator from New
York will be willing to let this resolution be
adopted in this shape for Friday, and then, if
he can satisfy the Senate when the bill which
relates lo the commerce between Europe and
the United States conies tip, that it ought to
be laid a\ide and his bill taken up for consid-
eration, of course the Senate will so decide
and will accommodate him ; but that lias
nothing to do with these other bills.
Mr. HAMLIN. I t seems to hip the sugges-
tion made by the Senator fioin New York is
hardly reasonable. He has iununited truth-
fully that this is an important question and
should receive our careful and considerate
attention. It is a question to which 1 think
the attention of the country has hardly been
enough attracted, and the legislative depart-
ment of the Government has hardly been made
to feel the full importance of it.
Now, sir, I am wedded to no special scheme ;
but, 1 am very desirous, for the general pros-
perity of the whole country, of seeing some-
thing done that shall revive the navigating
interests of the country, believing them to be
intimately and indissolubly connected with
both the manufacturing and the agricultural
interests*)!' the country. Indeed, you can draw
no line of distinction between them ; when one
branch languishes the ®t.hers must suffer.
The suggestion made by the Senator from
New York is virtually that a proposition now
before a committee, not yet reported upon—and
he does not know that it will be reported
upon 
Mr. CONICLING. Oh, yes; it will be.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator says it will be
reportad, and will be reported on favorably.
I will concede that he does know that; that it
will be reported on, and reported on favorably.
Still, I say that it would be unjust to the other
measures to delay them for it. 1 have exam-
ined carefully the bill to which the Senatoi-
refers in connection with other hills. I do
not design now to express an opinion in favor
of that bill or against it, an opinion in favor
of any bill now before the Senate or against
it; but to express the general opinion and
belief that it is our duty to do something.
Then, it seems to me, it is eminently just
and proper to let the bills stand on the Calen-
dar precisely in their order, and this assign-
ment will be the assignment of a day when
the general subject shall be discussed, and you
will discuss it upon the bills in their order.
Suppose on that day a bill—not the one named
by the Senator from New York—is before the
Senate, and that by that time his bill will
have been reported and on the Calendar. It
is then in the general class of assignment for
that day. The Senator knows as well as I
do that if another bill is first in order it is
perfectly competent to show that a bill further
on in the Calendar, which comes in the gen-
eral assignment, should be first discussed and
considered; and if the Senate are satisfied
that there is upon the Calendar a better bill,
better for the interests of the whole country,
than the ono before them, they may either
transpose the two, or they may psstpone the
one and take up the other, or take any action
they please. This is simply the assignment of
a time when the subject shall come up; and I
think that subject should bo discussed upon
the bills in their order on the Calendar.
Mr. CONICLING. The Senator from Maine,
I suppose, does not mean that if four bills, by
numbers, were made special orders for a cer-
tain day, a bill not at this moment before the
Senate and not made a special order could be
considered on that day.
Mr. HAMLIN. Why, no.
Mr. CONICLING. The Senator says "Why,
no;" and there he agrees precisely with me.
The whole subject of my suggestion is that the
bill to which I have referred, which the Com-
mittee on Commerce is considering and which
it will report in some form, I think I am war-
ranted in saying, may have an opportunity of
being presented on that day to the Senate, in
place of the whole field being occupied by four
specific bills, made special orders to the exclu-
sion of all others relating to the same subject.
I will agreo to any form in which that may be
brought about. And the Senator agrees with
me that this resolution, without any under-
standing, would not leave us to that liberty
which he thinks with me we ought to have.
Mr. CORBETT. The Senator from New
York knows that I am very favorable to the bill
spoken of by him. But if that bill goes into
operation it cannot be made effective for navi-
gation purposes ; the ships cannot be placed
atloat for eighteen months or two years. If,
however, the bills reported and now befoie
the Se,uat,e tire taken up and passed, they can
go into operation at once ; and it is important
that these bills shall be acted upon that we may
have our commerce placed afloat on a perma-
nent basis as soon as possible. It is import-
ant, because there are others in the field who
are likely to take this commerce, and will
take it if we do not accept the opportunity
which is now opened to us. I hope a time
will be fixed for the consideration of these
bills; and we can then have an opportunity
of considering them all. As I perceive that
the morning hour is nearly out, I will say no
more.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Chair what is the
precise question before the Senate '!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
of the Senator from Minnesota, to make four
bills special orders for Friday of next week, in
the order in which they are named.
Mr- DAVIS. Those bills are bills to grant
subsidies to foreign lines of steamers, fcr lines
between the United States and foreign coun-
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the
understanding of the Chair.
Mr. RAMSE1. American lines, not foreign
lines.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope that resolution will
not be passed. I ain friendly myself to such
propositions, so fax* as they are just and wise;
but I am utterly opposed to four measures of
that kind being grouped together to give each
