1422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
their rights from the voluntary consent of the
governed, that all limitations on human lib-
erty are self-imposed. On this principle they
formed their Government, on the sanctity of
human rights, not on the divine right of
kings.
This reformation was the outgrowth of the
colonial mind under the influences that the
New World and its conditions imposed. The
oppressions of the parent country were a mere
pretext for the Revolution, not its cause. This
was the work of natural laws, in their creative
mission, giving to history and the world anew
man; with new wants and aims, demanding
institutions in harmony with his own phys-
ical, moral, and intellectual life. It was a
living, practical reality before it became a
written constitution.
I will not stop to inquire what blessings our
rebellious ancestors have -conferred upon the
world and how unreasonable was their perse-
cution of their loyal neighbors after the liber-
ties of both' had been achieved. History has
already, as in all other successful revolutions,
crowned its authors with immortal honors.
Nor is failure always attended with dishonor,
much less regarded as a debasing crime. The
patriotic Polandersin their sanguinary fallhave
rendered their race greater service than did
their triumphs. What American does not
lament the oft-repeated failures of the Irish
patriot and welcome the exile with open arms
to the full enjoyment of our liberties? Who
has ever forbade the crushed and wandering
Hungarian the participation in all our priv-
ileges? When has America forbid the rebel
in any land an honored citizenship ?
It is America, of all countries, confident in
the all-conquering power of our generous sys-
tem, that has made our land the asylum for
the defeated and exiled revolutionists of all
lands. It will not now do to turn upon our
own people, our own misguided countrymen,
and inflict everlasting punishment and harsh
condemnation.
Nor are the actors in the late rebellion
regarded by the victors as criminal or wanting
in honor. As evidence of this, they are taken
into partnership in business, and treated with
marked respect and trusted as honorable men
in the most sacred and enduring relations of
life. They are everywhere considered worthy
to manage great and delicate trusts, and some
of the most unworthy have been admitted to
the full measure of the rights of citizens. When
the most responsible trusts are confided to
them they certainly might be admitted to the
exercise of rights enjoyed by the meanest and
most degraded. He is but a political knave
who trusts these men with high commercial
and financial duties and professes to deny to
them political privileges. They are safe part-
ners in business; they make faithful railroad
presidents and treasurers; they can manage
banks and commercial-houses safely and hon-
orably ; they can discharge all the relations of
friends, husbands, fathers, and brothers most
admirably. They are members of the same
church and of the same lodges, and, in fine,
are most estimable men in all the avocations
of life except the exercise of political rights.
How is this? Until the right to hold office is
considered these men are as immaculate in
their patriotism as the heroes of Thermopylse.
It is only when political position is considered
that hands are raised in holy horror by all
those who behold in them successful rivals.
It is then that the South bristles with death,
and the night is made hideous by organized
murder. Although these political harlotsseek
the society and the friendship of the men de-
graded from their position as citizens beneath
the most brutal of the African race, although
they know that the men who labor under the
disabilities of this constitutional curse are in
no respect the abettors of crime, to some
extent the hollow wailing of these hollow
hypocrites is being understood, and is fast
losing its power.
IT IS DANGEROUS TO RESTORE THOSE TO FOWEJt WHO
INADGUKATED THE REBELLION.
- However indelicate it may be for these men
to seek power under the Government they
undertook to destroy, there'can now be no
danger, from their holding it. The period
since the inauguration of the rebellion has
placed it beyond the power of many even to
enter the field of political activity. The aver-
age period of active political life does not
average ten years. Some men of remarkable
powers may transcend this, but comparatively
few. If some of them should be returned to
the councils of the nation it would in no respect
change the political forces of the country, and
would only show the moral and political liber-
ality and power of the nation. It would in no
respect alter the political ideas of the South
whether the will of the people is cast by one
man or another, whether by the fair blue-eyed
descendant of the Saxon or the dusky child of
Africa. It is a question of great moment to
the welfare of the Republic to secure the good
will of the permanent and dominating element
there and to give it its rightful force in the
nation. No dodge of political jugglery can be
profitable to the- State or party stability. Men
are the mere actors of the hour; they are here
to day and to-morrow forgotten. They sink
into oblivion with the silence that a pebble
descends to the bottom of the ocean. Their
season of departure is as certain as that of the
falling of the leaves from the forest. We are
interested only in the preservation of the laws
of reproduction.
It is not the man that we are anxious about,
but the political force that we are to adopt:
that is fixed and beyond our control save only
as we may give direction to it by our princi-
ples and reasons. It matters not who repre-
sents that force ; it is the same unit of power
whether one or another wields it. If the
people, then, are a desirable element in the
Republic, they should have their ideas repre-
sented by men of their own choice in the
national councils.
I am aware that I am invading the domain
of private gain and personal malice. I am
conscious that bright hopes and cherished
honors block up the pathway to public peace
and national prosperity. More dangerous
than these, blind prejudice and sectional ani-
mosity subordinate the good of the people to
their own gratification. But trusting in the
love of the people for our free and magnani-
mous form of government, I will look rather
to their action on a question that concerns
their own happiness and the restoration of the
whole country to its once happy and prosper-
ous course. The small and benighted politi-
cians—the minds dwarfed and diseased by
unreasonable fears and petty considerations—
are not the men to council the policy of mighty
empires and reconcile alienated provinces and
protect the delicate machinery of a nation
founded on the union of ind-ependent States,
governed by men who admit no sovereign but
their own reason and conscience.
This is a question that appeals to our highest
reason and dearest interest. It is no place to
consult peculiar tastes modified by resentments
and selfish hopes. Let us consider who are
the parties in the contest. They are our coun-
trymen, whose whole destiny is now embarked
upon the same vessel with our own. Long
since they have abandoned their new ship;
stranded and shattered by the storm, no trace
of its existence is left save the remnants of its
crew wafted to the shore. They have returned,
with their interests, ambitions, and hopes, to
the bark built by their fathers aud ours, and
are now intent with us upon a successful and
peaceful voyage down the stream of time.
Peace we must have. Reconciliation, full and
complete of heart, soul, interest, and aim, must
not, cannot be neglected. The safety of all
depends on the interests and safety of each.
These men are not now, and never were,
inimical to our form of government; but of
the hearts and souls of their ancestors it came.
For its most sacred precepts they have strug-
gled and fought on all the great battle-fields
that adorn our country's annals. On questions
of principle, \jhich underlay our Government,
there can be no essential difference. On ques-
tions of policy there may be and are differ-
ences. There are no such differences as effect
the good faith and prosperiiy of the people.
On what depends the safety and integrity of
the Republic? Not on the opinions and pur
poses of individuals or parties. It must sub-
sist in the love of the people for the Consti-
tution Nor do I use the term constitution in
any literal sense ; but I mean by it the spirit
that gives life and form to the Government
and all our political institutions, our educa-
tional and religious establishments, our public
and private charities, our social habits, cus-
toms, and manners, the common aim and pur-
pose of our States and their inhabitants. The
people of these States are linked together by
the affections of a common blood, a common
language, a common literature, religion, like
privileges, and equal protection, subsisting in
the safety, integrity, and sanctity of the Fed-
eral Union. Let these ties be maintained, let
these privileges be extended to all; let-a gen-
erous forgetfulness of the past succeed, and
your whole people will love the Government;
they will cling to it with courage and effect as
no people have ever adhered to their Govern-
ment. Neither powers, nor principalities,
things present nor things to come, will be able
to sever their allegiance.
Make all the people feel that their privileges
and the Government are inseparable by hon-
estly making this so, and it can have no enemies.
Separate these, let them subsist as two distinct
things, and the cords that have bound us to-
gether are broken asunder. For what would
the people rebel against righteous authority
guarding and supporting their rights and in-
terests? Rebellion cannot take place without
cause. A whole people cannot be moved with-
out some common interest or some common
aversion. It can never be imaginary; it must
be real. Individuals maybe deceived, masses
canuot. Individuals may be led by ambition
and personal advancement. The mass must
be moved by some universal element,- some
profound and actual cause, addressed to their
practical interests. It is the words of a fool
or a knave to affirm that a people are rebels
from the mere love of abstract ideal resistance
to authority. The motives to respect and obey
righteous authority are too strongly implanted
in human nature to justify any such vindictive
aspersion. Pride of character, religion, civil-
ization, self-love, personaland family interests,
pronounce against the assertion. Remove all
causes, and there will be no rebelliou.
SECTIONAL INTERESTS.
It is the interest of the dominating States to
pursue a magnanimous policy, and especially
of the commercial and carrying States. Our
prosperity as a commercial people depends
on our capacity to produce. The amount of
production depends on the contentment, hap-
piness, and protection afforded by the Gov-
ernment. The producing States, those which
furnish the sinews of commerce, are the ones
constantly irritated by the existence of this
odious restriction. Its presence 011 the stat-
ute-book as a living memorial of defeat, con-
signing their most cherished friends to igno-
miny and inferiority, must operate as a bond
of union, cementing discontent and opposi-
tion to the dominant party and paralyzing
instead of stimulating the great national in-
dustries. If you would unfetter the energies
of the southern States by removing all cause
of discontent, and hold out to them the in-
ducement of a full participation in all the
honors and blessings of the Government, new
fields would supplant the wild forest and the
old would again grow white with the abundant
harvests of cotton and grain, and the luxuriant
cane bursting with its load of nectar. Your
