1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1423
ports would swarm with ships, and all your
rivers become alive with steamers, your rail-
roads would roll their long trains laden with
the hopes and industries of the farmer; your
tonnage would again spring up to its former
figures, and far beyond.
It is a universally admitted fact that Amer-
ican shipping has greatly declined during the
last ten years. Innumerable causes have been
assigned for the result, and by those who have
our commercial interests in charge and who,
from their position, ought to understand the
subject. Thesegrave commercialdoctors gen-
erally attribute the decline of our commer-
cial marine to the presence of one or two mis-
erable piratical crafts that preyed upon our
merchantmen during the late rebellion. They
maintain the doctrine that the least assignable
cause may produce the greatest possible re-
sults. Others think the protective system is fast
N driving our ships from.the ocean. There are
but few who precisely agree in any theory, and
most appear less interested in discovering the
cause than in providing a remedy. As usual
many remedies are prescribed, and each has its
zealous advocates. That which has received
the highest sanction is the acquisition of more
territory by extending our dominion over the
Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean sea. Others,
with the characteristic shrewdness of specu-
lators, saw in the beginning of the present
European war a good chance to restore our
marine by the purchase ofthe German steamers.
Others look to the regenerating influence of
free markets for the purchase of ships. Others
place their hopes of a regenerated commerce in
the more certain, available, and never-failing
resourceof "subsidies." Theyregard subsidy
as the propitiatory offering due to every adverse
fate. This offering is as sweet to the gods of
this age as the savory odors of slaughtered bulls
were to those of ancient Greece. They have
built railroads and telegraphs, manufactories
of iron, steel, and all the nameless textile fab-
rics in macket. If constantly supplied, subsi-
dies will support them. I have but little faith
in their power to restore our commercial marine
upon economical principles. Noram I so well
assured that our people are not more happily
and profitably employed on land, and that our
capital has not found a more remunerative
channel through which it flows than the carry-
ing trade could offer. If commerce will yield
greater rewards than production, capital and
labor will flow there. If not, then the use of
foreign capital on the ocean is quite as desir-
able as in the construction of railroads and
other enterprises.
What we most want is an abundant supply
of all the productions of industry for our own
and the markets of the world. To secure this
you want a country happy and contented and
interested in the prosperity and permanency
of the Government, conscious that they do
enjoy its protection and advantages equally
and impartially administered.
Let justice be generously and bravely done
to all the sections, and a confidence will be
inspired that will make the South again glow
with the treasures of her fertile fields. It will
crowd your sea-ports with productions demand-
ing transit to distant markets. This will open
up to those who dwell upon the ocean ample
fields for their enterprise and capital. Char-
ity in this instance cannot be in excess, and
will yield the richest reward of any possible
investment. No subsidy will repay so great
an interest.
NATIONAL DEBT.
As soon as the country can recover its
healthful vigor it will demand the repeal of
the internal revenue system and the disper-
sion of the bands of informers, spies, and
revenue officers, who, like swarms of harpies,
are defiling the whole land. When this is
done the South will be compelled to pay two
thirds of the revenue. The national debt and
the tax thereon will be extracted, in a large
degree, from their industry. They cannot
pay the debt contracted for the overthrow of
their cherished cause—a debt which furnished
the sinews of war for the desolation of their
homes, the destruction of their property and
sons—without gome compensation by rights
protected and privileges guarantied. This con-
tinued sting must be deprived of its power to
wound and pain by the presentation of motives
that will allure the public mind from its con-
sideration. Remove every monument of de-
feat and every cause of discontent. Substi-
tute for them the enjoyment of equal privi-
leges, the realization of cherished hopes, the
conscious pride of confidence, importance,
and influence. At any rate, make smooth, by
just treatment, the rough way to the consum-
mation of this hard task.
These distinctions are impolitic and unjust.
Is it politic, to say nothing of the justice and
patriotism of the course, to perpetuate a cause
of sectional antipathy, and thereby keep up a
constant jealousy and want of confidence ? Is
it not the direct interest of every citizen to
give every section assurance that it will enjoy
the full measure of rights and privileges guar-
antied by the nation? The manufacturing dis-
tricts look to the South for their greatest mar-
kets. It is, indeed, almost the only reliable
outlet that our manufacturing States possess.
The grain-growing States are equally interested
in enlarging the consumption of the South.
Without a prosperous South our commerce,
foreign and domestic, must dwindle into insig-
nificance; our large cities would be retarded
in their growth; their business, diminished,
would fail to sustain the rapidly increasing
population. Every year yields from two to
three hundred millions of gold in the article
of cotton alone, as a purchasing power. A
great portion of this finds its way to the man-
ufacturing and grain-growing States. They
are at the same time, through the operation
of the high tariff, cut off from the advantage of
foreign competition for all they buy, and at
the same time are compelled to rely, without
the aid of bounties or subsidies, upon a foreign
market for all they sell.
This burden upon their capacity to produce
or on the proceeds of their industry is a check
upon enterprise, and furnishes a continuing
cause of discontent. After their year's labor
has closed the Government stretches forth its
Briarean arms and bears away for the Treas-
ury and the pockets of the manufacturer at
least one half of all the planter has produced.
It is no argument to say the people of the
planting States may go to manufacturing.
This only changes the bounty from a neigh-
boring State to one of the inhabitants of that
particular State. The tax still comes out of
the pocket3 of the planter. The Government,
it is true, must be supported, and there is no
tax so easily collected as customs duties. It
does not, for this reason, draw less from the
laborer. Its burdens are equally- onerous.
There should at least be some compensation
for the drain in the enjoyment of equal rights.
This sutft is chiefly drawn from the annual
production of the agricultural interests. It is
the only reliable source of supply. Nations
do not ordinarily export their precious metals
unless they are in an impoverished condition.
We are not prepared to do this, and have not
the supply if we were forced to resort to such
an extremity.
The production of any country where labor
is free depends on the contentment and happi-
ness of the people, and these upon the justice
and equality of the administration of affairs.
The various sections must have their equal
voice in the Government. This must be the
voice of the people, the real intelligence and
property, not an accidental excresenee, subro-
gated to the rights of the actual people, who are
excluded by law or chicanery. The adminis-
tration of the Government can readily give sat-
isfaction if it is conducted with strict integrity.
The people, more watchful of their private
interests than of public affairs, are slow to find
fault with their public agents. - It is only when
their sense of right is shocked in the manner
of election, by defeating their actual choice, or
when thelawsor the administration of the laws
become oppressive, that complaint is made.
Indeed no people aredisposed to find fault with
a Government in harmony with their interests
and rights. So universal is the verdict of his-
tory that nations tolerate their present institu-
tions, even pernicious, rather than rush to the
terrible remedy of rebellion, that we may under
no ordinary circumstances look for resistance
to authority. A young and vigorous people will
prosper under almostany institutions, but much
more rapidly when the proper stimulus is
afforded by the ass&rance of protection and
respect for rights regarded as essential to their
happiness.
What kind of a spectacle is presented? A
Government professing the political equality
of all men disfranchising a large class of her
best citizens for acting with their seetfon in
what may be called a wicked rebellion, if yon
please—certainly an unnecessary and. fatal
one. The great body of the enfranchised peo-
ple must and will resent a reproach directed
toward themselves. You may charge them
with rebellion, treason, and as many crimes as
the catalogue of Charlemagne's Code for the
Saxons contained. The people who went with
these men into rebellion will spurn any impu-
tation upon their honor and patriotism, and
treat with indignant contempt the Government
that seeks to asperse their good name. They
dare not and will not admit it of a single one,
though the humblest man that bore his share
in the struggle. To do so would be an impu-
tation upon themselves, and argue a want of
sensibility on their part that would be more
dangerous to morality and freedom than the
rebellion itself. You may destroy life and
property. These will reappear again. The
population will not be materially retarded. A
few years will fill up the vacant places. The
houses will be rebuilt. The fields will return
abundant harvests under new culture. Com-
merce will soon fill its wonted channels. So
long as the soul of the nation is preserved,
neither hope nor faith is destroyed.
These people may admit their error by accept-
ing the situation and resuming their allegiance.
To repent of crimes is not in their power,
for it is impossible for a whole people will-
fully, deliberately, and knowingly to enter into
the commission of crime. It is a crime in
politics to demand repentance as a condition-
precedent to the resumption of the duties and
responsibilities of citizenship. For it is not
of human government to look beyoTid conduct
and to demand that the heart shall be in har-
mony with the laws of the State. If any man
violates law let him suffer the penalty of his
wrong according to the methods prescribed by
law for his offense. The sanctions of laws must
be righteously applied according to the letter
and spirit of the existing laws if they are of
any virtue. A legislative enactment condemn-
ing a whole class of persons by one portion
of the country, and that the victorious party
cannot, in the nature of things, be either just or
approved by the considerate and reflecting of
any community, much less by those on whom
the condemnation falls. They will complain.
Is it not their right? They will resist. Who
would not? They will become indifferent to
the forces in power and refuse that respect
which is so salutary to the successful retention
and administration of authority. These are
the restraints that the governed oppose to
tyranny, and are the sole safeguards of civil
liberty. It is the most dangerous symptom of
the State when the people cease to be impa-
I tient of restraint and jealous of their liberties.
So far from being a good cause for refusing
to enfranchise those laboring under disabili-
ties, the discontent and opposition shown by
them is the best possible reason for the re-
moval of the cause of irritation. If the men
who are under disabilities threatened the safety
