1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1425
ance. Dignity, that sublime divinity without
which there can be no government but that of
the xnob and the bully, has had no place in the
system. It is a power that commands with-
out harshness, and enforces its decrees with-
out bayonets. It secures obedience, from a
voluntary reverence for worth and for salutary
and elevated authority. It softens the asperity
of law, by substituting reason and intelligent
assent for its stern sanctions. It commands
duty, from veneration for its sacred presence.
It needs not the aid of the insolence of office,
nor the terror that even a high civilization
affords, for the protection of good men and the
restraint of bad ones. It needs none of the
circumstance and pomp of courts to seduce
from the love of reverential obedience to the
glitter of a little brief authority. It is a natural
and instinctive going forth of the soul on its
highest mission. It is a power that needs no
argument to support it, and whose influence
neither space nor time nor condition of life
can efface or diminish.
No law can be either executed with advan-
tage to the State or with satisfaction to the
citizen whose justice does not meet the ap-
proval of the majority of the people.
In our form of government the judgment of
the people is regarded as the unerring rule of
political action. It is that power that can do
no wrong. By it I do not mean the result of
an election on any subject; the choice of a
measure of policy, the selection of this or
that agent, under the whip and spur of party
ties and party discipline. . I mean that sense
of right and wrong, of justice and injustice,
of duty and privilege, which each man feels
due to him as a freeman. I mean that
rule of excellence before which he summons
every law and act of Government, and by
which he determines its rectitude and ade-
quacy. It is by this agency that statutes cease
t-o be operative when their injustice or impolicy
has been determined. By it new measures are
provided to supply new wants and to provide
remedies for those that have become effete.
It is in vain that you attempt peacefully to
execute a law condemned before such a tri-
bunal. It may be executed by the power of
the bayonet; it is not the less violence because
it has the sanction of legislative enactment
and the machinery of a powerful Government
to execute it. It is even a greater and more
dangerous invasion of social order and per-
sonal right than is the act of the highway-
man.
Some of our own laws and our action under
them are too fresh in our memories to be for-
gotten. I need only mention the fugitive slave
law, which became practically a dead letter
as soon as passed. It served no better purpose
than to exasperate and alienate the differ-
ent sections. It could not be executed in the
States where it was designed to operate, be-
cause it conflicted with the moral sense of the
people. It also caused those for whose benefit
it was passed to lose all confidence in the
good faith of those who violated it. Now, no
statute was ever more severely condemned
than the constitutional provision which bears
so heavily upon the South. They deny its jus-
tice in principle and reject it onaccouutof the
manner of its enactment. That part of this
amendment which accords with their sense of
justice they accept notwithstanding the irreg-
ularity of its introduction. The first section
will bo accepted because of its natural justice.
Those sections only are rejected w*hieh contra-
vene their sense of honor and good faith, as
■ftrell as violate the principles on which their
liberties are based. It has subjected them to
trial for pretended offenses in distant parts of
the country before new and hitherto unknown
tribunals. It has multiplied, offenses, and in-
creased greatly the number of officers. Tt
works inconvenience, and loads them with
costs and vexatious and unpleasant litigation.
It is nQt because of the dissatisfaction that
we-would remove these impediments alone, but
41st Cong. 3d Sess—No. 90.
for the sake of peace and reconciliation which
a noble and generous policy would command.
It is not a proposition to recompense the evil,-
but to remove the cause of irritation from
those that would be upright. The laws against
crime, courts, judgments, and executions are
all retained. Every available shield for pro-
tection remains around the citizen. Every
bulwark that the spirit of English liberty has
devised, every addition that the genius of free
America has made to it to defend the citizen
against violence is left in full force.
There is still a greater presence than all
these enlisted in defense of the citizen. There
is still there the power that called forth the
machinery of government for the protection
of human rights. It is the ever living and
ever active genius of the American people
which pervades every avenue of life, every
part of the State, and every municipality. It
meets you in the cities, it follows you to the
palace and the cabin, it surrounds you in your
profession and daily avocations, it seeks you
in your hotel, and embarks with you in your
steamboats and rail-cars. In light and in
darkness, at rest or worn with toil, in.sickness
and in health, in joy or in grief, this universal
spirit, like the atmosphere, envelops you; in
it you move and breathe and have your being.
POLITICAL SITUATION OF THE SOUTH.
This vast empire, comprised in the proscribed
States, with its sun-lit skies, its fertile soil, its
fruitful fields, its vast commercial resources,
its glorious historical associations and mem-
ories, its heroic sacrifices and patriotic people,
has .no more practical interests in the Fed-
eral Union than iu the Government of Great
Britain. They are not only strangers, but held
as enemies to the country. From the execu-
tive department they are excluded. They
have no voice on the floor of Congress, and
could not hope for that respect due to inde-
pendent and equal States, to say nothing of
magnanimity. The Army is kept at unwar-
ranted numbers in time of peace, and is not
only in the interest of the conquering section,
but used to overawe and threaten the inde-
pendence of these States and thus practically
nullifies the idea of freedom among the peo-
ple. The Navy is equally removed from their
influence and interest.
Tne Court of Claims is closed to all who
cannot take the iron-clad oath. This is the
only channel through which the citizen can
reach the Government. No matter what may
be the justice of his cause, whether he has
served the Government since or before the
rebellion, he is excluded by unnecessary and
rigorous provisions from access to the only
tribunal open to him by which he may have
justice from the Government. Thus this lim-
ited means of redress is reserved for the vic-
torious section. And by a recent political
flank movement the pardon of the citizen, ob-
tained as a safeguard for his rights of prop-
erty and privileges in the Government, is
made an insuperable bar to his presence in
this court. Thus the gracious mercy of the
Government becomes his destroying angel.
The Supreme Court, that should reflect the
conscience of every section of the Republic,
has, with an accuracy unexampled in our his-
tory, been selected from the same section, and
that with the view to block up even that ave-
nue to impartial justice. What place is left
iu the Government for the people of that sec-
tion? Nothing, positively nothing; unless,
in the nobler sentiments of the people of the
so-called loyal States. They might trust to
their knowledge of the history of the past as
au argument in favor of equal interests in the
Government if the recipients of power were
influenced by considerations of prudence in
its exercise.
The stronger guarantee resides in the desire
of power in political factions, which will lead
to a broader and more generous sentiment of
justice as due to all sections and interests in
the country as a means of self-defense.
The Union men of the South need not delude
themselves with the hope that their past fidel-
ity and sufferings in the struggle for national
integrity places them upon any higher grounds
than their neighbors who followed the fortunes
of the confederacy from its inception through
its tragic history till it set in eternal darkness.
They are of all men most miserable. Exiled
from their former society, they are only taken
into the confidence of the conquerors when
they consent to become partners in striking
down the liberties of their section. Many of
them have consented to this dishonorable
transaction. Would that I could call it a mis-
take, a delusion induced from counsels of
fear. I would gladly call it by any gentle term
that might imply weakness, ignorance, some
unhappy aberration of the intellect. The
facts in too many instances indicate plainly
a moral privation, the degeneracy of a soul
that has passed through many inferior animals
in its transmigratory mission and retained an
attribute of each. Our own rich English can-
not find a term adequate to the occasion. They
are the true Yarna Sanker of the ancient In-
dian, a race of men nurtured in the womb of
agony and blood who sprung into life in the
nick of time to feed the spirit of discord
exhausted by its long saturnalia of blood.
Unhappily, neither party is free from this
implacable race. In calamity and war they
swarm like vultures over the lifeless victims.
Time, the "tomb-builder" of individuals and
races, is also the grave of prejudice, ambition,
and pride. It may come to the relief of that
sadly-stricken and desolated region, for as yet
I see no light from any political organization
that justifies hope. It is vain for her to look
beyond herself for relief. She is strong yet
iu all the elements that surround her, that live
on her surface or exist in her bosom. Her
strength is in the character of her people, in
the solemn purposes and divine instincts within
their own hearts. From out the soul of the
South must spring her hope. Her very pros-
tration and poverty will call forth unparalleled
energies in all the departments of human en-
terprise. Her system of education has now
to commence. It must extend to her whole
people. She may profit from the experience
of others, but she cannot afford to copy that
of any.
I trust that she may not resort to that system
which sharpens the intellect for the agent of
the passions and appetites, but look to a broader
and higher culture than has yet met the ap-
proval of Americans. It is in this sphere of
activity that the germ of her hope is to be
found. As it springs into life we may look for
rapid improvement in peace and harmony, in
power and wealth, in virtue and freedom.
While the present ideas of government pre-
vail we need not hope for any advantage from
that source. So long as all the conditions of
life are controlled by statute-law, under the
administration of a bureau, there is just the
same freedom that obtains under the decrees
of an imperial despot. We may have the form
of liberty, but not its spirit nor its creations.
There is no advantage in a mere republican
framework so long as coerced obedience is the
rule, and not voluntary discharge of duty.
The institutions we want must result from the
spontaneous voice of the people.
The reform must be an actual development
of power and capital. It must come from
industry, energy, enterprise, productive labor,
and universal education. It will not result
from any eulogiums upon the glorious sacri-
fices of the rebellion,nor the fulsome self-laud-
ation of the heroes of that magnificent failure;
that heroic folly and insanity which ruined
and oppressed a brave and happy people. It
will come by a reverential purpose to con-
stantly and bravely bend a terrible fate to
their own advancement and future prosperity.
Jupiter nor no other divinity ever listened to
the prayers of a conquered people, and no
destiny can thwart the purposes of a cour-
