1426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
ageous effort forward in the right direction.
The gentlest spirits become all conquering
heroes in a holy cause, and giants in the wrong
arffi crushed with a sling.
The reformation demanded in the South is
the application of the energies there to the
physical resources undeveloped in their midst.
It is an age that demands the application of
natural agents to the production of the utilities.
It seeks intelligent labor evolving from the soil
all that it so bountifully promises, a free access
to the markets of the world unfettered by ex-
cessive taxation. It is not numbers we need
so much as the constant, active, intelligent
application of existing forces. It is not more
laborers, but more and more intelligent labor.
It is not so much the introduction of popula-
tion as the activity of those now there. It is
the creation of advantages, not the importation
of them.
These are questions for our own people to
work out in the now era now opening up in
their history. It is not their domestic relations
that concern me so much as their national. To
me the problem of our national career is full
of the deepest solicitude. A nation divided
against itself cannot stand. Sooner or later
it will pass to the r61e of departed nationalities.
But it is not alone national integrity that has
the highest claims on my sympathies and hopes,
but the inviolability of personal liberty, the per-
petuity and sanctity ot local governments, and
the voluntary preservation of the national
Union, acting in the interest of independent
States and free citizens. The solemn lesson
taught by history and the fearful retribution so
fresh in onr memories that the lamentation
for whole hecatombs of slaughtered country-
men still rings in our ears should not pass as
the sport of idle men. It should be felt as the
reverential would feel the groans of agonized
nature uttering her wail of misery. The return
of peace should have brought a pleasure so
thrilling to the heart that the memories of even
the battle-field would rejoice the soul.
The spirit of domination on the one side
and resentment upon the other has spread a
dark cloud over the whole heavens. It is only
a divine love that can dispel this gloom, as it
descends to bind up the "tendrils of that vine
that bears the wine of life." How long shall
this spirit of distrust, this demon of discord,
reign ?_ When will the long-delayed hour of
reconciliation arrive? When shall the past
be forgotten and the parental mansion be
opened to all the nation's sons and daughters?
What are the signs that shall admonish us
of the approaching day-spring? How many
summers shall clothe the earth with harvests,
rejoicing her children, before they shall receive
each other to their embrace? What other
divinity in the hour of his agony shall invoke
a prayer of mercy upon his enemies before we
are convinced that forgiveness is the noblest
attribute of his character? What other sac-
rifices shall be offered up before the avenging
Nemesis is appeased ? What temples shall be
built, what incense shall be burned, whatnew
vows shall be made, before these wandering
children shall be purified ? If enough has
not been done, tell us what further humiliations
must be endured, bow much longer the sack-
cloth and ashes must be worn ? Shall God
alone, who sees and understands the springs
from which human thoughts eternally arise,
know how to pardon? Is there no bond in all
our virtues and our errors that can claim for
us a common brotherhood? At all events,
this sad departure, so terrible to all who were
involved in it, was not within the choice of
those for whom we this day speak; they were
borne onward by the irresistible revolution of
the ages—
"As if the planet, on which thou livesfc
And hast thy dwelling, from its orbit starts,
It is not thy choice whether or no
Thou'lt follow it; unfelt it whirls thee onward.
Together with his ring arid all his moons."
We know, indeed, that those who resist this
measure of peace are proud of their recent
triumph, and feel confident of their ability to
order all things as they please. Their assured
repose calls in review the long line of nations,
victorious not over their own but foreign States,
that in the day of their glory could see no
future inferiority. This side of the Middle
Ages memory will call from her humiliation
Venice, the proud Queen of the Adriatic, that
never dreamed of a reverse, now crownless, the
stake for which despots long have played.
Austria and Spain within our memories have
sunk from States of the first to a secondary
importance ■; and most mournful of all the
States that have sunk under the weight of
unchastened ambition is France, twice the
conqueror of the world, now bleeding and
mangled beneath the countless hosts of aveng-
ing Germany. Prance, that but yesterday was
the first great Power of the world, is destined
soon to glide into a secondary if not an insig-
nificant Power among the nations. These, and
a long list of others, might admonish us of the
salutary influence of justice and generosity.
Justice and respect are dear to the hearts
of all. They need no definition and learned
commentaries to inform us of their meaning.
The child can understand them as well as the
philosopher. He can feel the sting of injustice
and neglect as keenly. You need not attempt
by the logic of power to convince them that
injustice is anything short of bald, hideous
injustice. You may disguise it as you please,
celebrate it by holidays, by bonfires, and by
illuminations ; you may decree altars for its
worship—it is still the same naked deformity,
only the more abhorrent to the minds o£ its
victims.
The road to reconciliation is along the broad
highway of truth and justice. Repeal all laws
making and cementiug sectional distinctions
and antipathy. Leave the local legislatures
free to regulate their own interests under the
iaspiration of the people. Return to the
principles of universal justice, and every sec-
tion and every interest will bow in reverence
to her peaceful reign.
Mr. BLAIR. During the discussion of this
question on Friday last I made some remarks,
drawn out by what I considered the harsh
dealings of Congress and unnecessarily severe
tone of the debate toward all who had in any
way taken part against the Government during
the late unhappy rebellion. I contended that
thousands upon thousands of men who were
at the beginning of the war faithful friends of
the Government had been compelled to take
part against it by absolute compulsion after the
establishment in the South of an arbitrary mil-
itary government, and that it was the criminal
neglect and inaction of the Government of the
United States which permitted the establish-
ment of this military power in the South.
It is a matter of history that an overwhelm-
ing majority of the people of the South were
in favor of the Union. But the secessionists
were active, armed, and held the State gov-
ernments in their hands. Their arms were
furnished by and captured from the Govern-
ment of the United States. The Union men
of the South received neither arms, succor,
nor countenance from the Government in their
efforts to maintain it and its authority; but,
nevertheless, when conventions were called in
the South to separate from the Union, they
voted for men to represent them in those con-
ventions who were in favor of the Union, and
cast an overwhelming majority of votes for its
preservation. - That these delegates misrepre-
sented their wishes was not the fault of the
people. They were betrayed, just as the peo-
ple of the North have been recently betrayed
by Radical members of Congress and their
State Legislatures when they voted overwhelm-
ingly against the fifteenth amendment.
The conventions in the South were in most
instances intimidated and overawed by bands
of armed men, armed with weapons furnished
by the Government of the United States, while
the Government itself stood idly byi inactive
if not indifferent, and abandoned the Union
men of the Soutli to their fate. The Govern-
ment certainly owed protection to the Union
men of the South, precisely and in the same
proportion as the people of the South owed
allegiance to the Government. As I remarked
the other day, the duty of protection on the
part of the Government and the duty of alle-
giance on the part of the citizen are reciprocal
duties—the one is the consideration for the
other. If one fails iu his duty he has no right
to exact the performance of the other. If the
Government failed to protect its citizens, it
could not require the allegiance of its citizens.
If it refused to make an effort to protect them,
it had still less ground to require its citizens
to yield their allegiance.
In this case the Government failed abso-
lutely; it refused to raise a finger, it allowed a
most formidable military de facto government
to be established, which had power to punish
and did punish those who yielded allegiance
to the Government of the Union, and thug for-
feited absolutely all right to the allegiance of
those whom it had failed to protect from such
punishment. It did more and worse; it entered
upon negotiation, and made a quasi recognition
of the southern confederacy by allowing its
commissioners to come here to the seat of
Government and treated with them for the
surrender of the forts of the United States.
This surrender was even promised by the
Secretary of State, Mr. Seward, and advo-
cated in written opinions by every member
of Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet, when consulted In
him, with the exception of the Postmaster
General, Mr. Blair, upon whose energetic
protest it was finally refused by Mr. Lincoln.
Not only were the Union men of the South,
a vast majority of the people, abandoned hv
the Government, but the foremost and most
influential leaders of that party then in power
advocated the right of the southern States to
separate from the Union; thus, as it were,
closing the door of all hope that any effort
would be made to maintain the authority of the
Government in those States. This was the
most discouraging of all- the occurrences of
that gloomy period. When speaking on this
subject the other day, I gave from memory
certain deductions of the New York Tribune,
thin as now the most influential organ of pub-
lic opinion in the Republican party in tins
country, and spoke of the unhappy influence
of this paper at that time, in giving encourage-
ment to the secessionists and in discouraging
the efforts of the Union men in the South,
The Senator from New York who sits farthest
from me [Mr. Fenton] denied the accuracy
of my statement of the purport of those arti-
cles. I now quote the extracts from that
paper to which I referred, and the Senate and
the country can judge whether my statement,
or that of the Senator is the correct one. On
the 9th of November, 1860, the New York
Tribune said:
"If the cotton States shall become satisfied that
they can do better out of tho Union than in it, wo
insist on letting them go in peace." * - ~
'"We must ever resist tho right of any State to
remain in tho Union and nullify or defy tho i.iw-;
thereof. To withdraw from the Union is quite an-
other matter: and whenever any considerable mix-
tion of our Union shall deliberately resolve to fro
out wo shall resist all coercive measures designed
to keep it in. We hope never to live in a Repubi:u
whereof one section is pinned to another by bay-
onets."
Again, on the 17th of December, 18G0, just
before the secession of South Carolina, the
same organ said, (I am sorry that the Senator
who made that bold denial the other day is
absent from the Senate :)
" If it (the Declaration of Independence) justifies
the secession from tbe British empire of three unl-
lioncolonists in 177(5, we do not see why it would not
justify the secession of fiveinillion Southerners from
the federal Union in 1861."
That is precisely the language as I gave it
the other day. Again:
"If wo are mistaken on this point, why does not
some one show us wherein and why? i'or our own
part, while we deny tho right of slaveholders to holii
