1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
slaves against the will of the latter, we cannot see
how twenty million people can hold ten, or even
five, in a detested Union with them by military
1'OrCB
"If seven or eight contiguous Stntes should pre-
sent themselves authoritatively at Washington, say-
ing, 'We hate the Federal Union; we have with-
drawn from it; we give you the choice between ac-
quiescing in our secession and arranging amicably
nll.incidental questionson theonehand and attempt-
ing to subdue us on tho other, we could not stand up
for coercion, for subjugation ; for we do not think it
would be just. We hold the right of self-govern-
ment even when invoked in behalf of those who
deny it to others. So much for the question of prin-
ciple.''
"Any attempt to compel them by force to_ remain
would be contrary to the principles enunciated in
the immortal Declaration of Independence, contrary
to the fundamental ideas on which human liberty is
based."
On the 23d of February, 1861, after the cot-
toil States had formed their confederacy, the
Tribune used this language:
"If tho slave States, the cotton States, or the Gulf
Slates only, choose to form an independent nation,
they have a clear moral right to do so. Whenever it
shall be clear that the great body of the southern
peoplchave become alienated from the Union and
are anxious to escape from it we will do our best to
forwird their views."
That is the language of the Tribune to which
I referred in the remarks which I made on
last Friday. I observed in the Tribune of the
next day that its correspondent here said:
".Mr. Blair charged the New York Tribune with
admitting the right of secession in 1861, and this
charge was at once disproved by Mr. Pexton."
The only proof offered by the Senator from
New York was a bare denial; and what his
denial is worth is seen by the extracts from
that paper itself which I have read.
On the 9th of April, 1861, Wendell Phillips
said at New Bedford :
" Here are a series of States girdling the Gulf who
ihink that their peculiar institutions require that
they should have a separate government. They have
a right to decide that question without appealing to
you or to me. A large body of people, sufficient to
make a nation, have come to the conclusion that they
will a government of a certain form. Who denies
them the right? Standing with the principles of
'76 behind us, who can deny them the right?" *
" * * " You cannot go through Massachusetts
and recruit men to bombard Charleston or New
Orleans." * * . * * " The North will never
indorse such a war." ****•■ This is my
proposition: go out, gentlemen ; you are welcome
to your empire; take it."
These were utterances of men who spoke
for that portion of the people from whom,
more than any others, resistance to secession
was apprehended by its promoters, Mr. Bu-
chanan offered none worth speaking about.
His Secretary of War, Mr. Holt, refused to
recommend a bill authorizing the organization
and arming of the Union men of the South to
resist secession, and had in a published letter
lired the southern heart by applying the most
opprobuious terms to the people of the North;
and his associate, Mr. Stanton, had urged on
the movement in the most earnest manner, as
testified by Mr. Brown, formerly a Senator
from Mississippi.
These facts demonstrate that disfranchise-
ment in the one case, and exaltation and power
in others, have not always been the result of
complicity in the movement for secession. Mr.
Stephens, of Georgia, and many others who
have since been disfranchised, breasted the
storm with heroic courage. Regardless of pop-
ularity, and thinking only of the peace and
happiness of the country, they struggled against
secession and warned the people of the disas-
ter they would encounter. On the other hand,
Mr. Greeley assured them these dangers were
all imaginary, and insisted that "they should
go in peace," that they had a clear " moral
right to go." "Standing on the principles of
1770," says Wendell Philips, " who can deny
them the right? "
Words were never uttered more fatal than
these to the peace of the country. Mr. Ste-
phens was defeated in his effort to prevent
secession in Georgia by a few votes only, and
•nothing is more certain than that these were
obtained by Mr. Greeley's declaration that
secession was rightful and would be peace-
able. I have been informed that these decla-
rations were read in the Georgia convention
as a full reply to the warnings of Mr. Stephens.
The refusal of Georgia would undoubtedly
have arrested the movement. Who, then, is
more directly .responsible than Mr. Greeley,
and those who acted with him at the North,
for the blood which has drenched this land;
and who is more directly responsible than Mr.
Greeley for the vindictive spirit which ani-
mates the dominant party in the proscription
which has pursued and is still pursuing the
whole people of the South?
Nor was Mr. Greeley's reiterated advice the
result of an honest error. No man under-
stood better than he did the use that would be
made of his declarations, and how effective
they would be in promoting disunion. Mr.
Phillips was an avowed disunionist, and it is
impossible to believe that they were not ani-
mated by the same motive in pursuing a course
which was precisely similar and urged in lan-
guage almost identical. They believed that
the South, if it remained in the Union, would
continue the Government in the hands of their
political opponents? and that they thought only
of grasping political power their subsequent
advocacy of the subjection of the South amply
demonstrates. It is not their intention or that
of the dominant party that we shall ever again
have a Union of coequal States.
Senators and Representatives in Congress
who did nothing to suppress the rebellion but
sit here on their cushioned chairs now can
hardly find language harsh enough with which
to characterize those who were compelled to
submit to the arbitrary, military, de facto Gov-
ernment which they and the Executive allowed
to be established without a single effort to pre-
vent it; and their bitterness in language and
in the severity of the punishment inflicted by
their votes upon the whole people of the
South, including the Union men constrained
to take part against the Government by the
incompetency and crime of the Government
itself, is always in the inverse ratio of their
own efforts in behalf of the Union and the
Union men of the South.
The Senator from Michigan who sits nearest
to me [Mr. Howard] asked me if I thought
the conduct of such journals as the New York
Tribune in giving the encouragement of which
I have spoken to the cause of secession was
any excuse for the treason of Alexander H.
Stephens, of Georgia. It cannot be said that
submission to a de facto Government is trea-
son, and it is not just to punish as traitors
those whom no lawyer would declare to be
traitors. The Senator from North Carolina
who sits farthest from me [Mr. Pool] showed,
in a speech delivered here last winter, and
which attracted my attention at the time, the
great injustice of the fourteenth amendment
to the Union men of the South, and how im-
possible it was for him and the few white
men acting with the Republican party there to
maintain themselves under such a system with-
out military support, confessing the fact that
Republicanism there meant military govern-
ment. This was no revelation, and startled
nobody with its novelty. This was foreseen,
and had been exposed in this Chamber, and
was intended by the authors of these acts,
when the able and patriotic men of the South
were disfranchised, and the negroes, who were
expected to be as subservient to their new
as they had been to their old masters, were
enfranchised. Dominion, not justice, was the
object of these carpet-bag establishments,
which liave been plundering the South and
giving its political power to aid in plundering
the North and governing the whole country.
And here is the true source of that recon-
struction or earpet-bag policy which is the
disgrace of our age and our country. Many
honest men, indeed, were mislead to support
those measures, as necessary to prevent the
restoration of the rebels to power, but they
were but the servants of calculating avarice
and ambition which engineered the system.
The mercenary classes upheld it to enable
them, through the dependent votes of south-
ern members, dependent on their real constit-
uents at the North, and not en the pretended
constituencies at home, to tax the industry of
the whole country by banks and tariffs, and
the thousand other forms by which the people
are made their prey. The managing politi-
cians who do this work for the mercenary
classes and are the instruments of these irre-
sponsible governments are not unrewarded.
They are not content with the questionable
honor of carrying on such a Government.
When, therefore, it is sought to punish re-
bellion, not according to law, but in violation
of the spirit of our institutions, to make use
of the odium against the rebellion to impose
disfranchisement upon political opponents, it
is not patriotism entirely, but plunder chiefly,
that dictates.
If we pass from general considerations to
examples, it is rendered still more clear that
abhorrence of treason is not the source of this
prescriptive policy, but the desire to create
and maintain irresponsible Government.
Thus, who is there in this Senate who made
a more strenuous effort to prevent secession
than Alexander H. Stephens, of Georgia.
True he did not deny the right of secession;
that was an error; and in his case it was un-
deniably an honest error of opinion, because
it was not maintained to justify predetermined
action, for he opposed vigorously action on
the doctrine, and denied that the existing cir-
cumstances justified it. The only difference
between him and Mr. Greeley was that he
predicted that war would ensue, and held that
up to obstruct secession, while Mr. Greeley did
more than any one else, unless Mr. Seward be
excepted, to remove that apprehension, and ao
to counteract the wise and patriotic efforts of
Mr. Stephens. Mr. Greeley certainly could
not have separated himself from his own peo-
ple if they had decided on secession as Georgia
did, nor would he have refused to be Vice
President had those with whom he acted in
opposing secession insisted on his accepting
the position for their protection. Nor would
he have been more distrusted than was Mr.
Stephens by the engineers of secession t from
the well-founded conviction on their part that
he was a thorough Union man at heart, and
would use his power to restore it whenever it
was possible to do so.
The editor of the Tribune cooperated with
the secession movement, not because he sym-
pathized with the objects of its authors, but
because he and those for whom he spoke pre-
ferred parting with the South to partnership
and equality under the Constitution. Hence,
when the people put down secession, and even
before the close of the war, the struggle com-
menced which still continues to deprive the
southern States of their rights under the Con-
stitution, and vest their powers in persous who
should hold them as tenants at will and as
tustees for the mercenary classes of which the
Tribune was and is the organ. Mr. Lincoln
refused to bo a party to this form of disunion,
and although he was as loudly denounced as
Mr. Johnson was subsequently, he effectually
crushed the conspiracy, and secession and
reconstruction were both dead when that good
and great man fell. Then indeed Congress
usurped and has since maintained unlimited
power.
The pretext for this is, of course, the same
by which imperialism breeds revolution in the
Old World—order, the protection of persons,
especially of the freedmen, the enfranchised
blacks, who are now discovered, to the great
disparagement of our noble white soldiers, to
have been onr sole means of putting down the
rebellion. But the Tribune, and even thai
supposed negro-worshiper, Wendell Phillips,
were quite willing, we have seen, in 1860-01,
to consign them to perpetual slavery in a south-
ern empire, in order that their ambition might
