602
THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
Indians either by conveyance, by treaty, or
by purchase. A large tract upon the western
boundary of the Territory was acquired with
Texas, and in the controversy which arose
about the application of the Missouri compro-
mise prohibition Texas relinquished a portion
of the territory upon her northwestern frontier
in order to quiet the agitation on that subject.
The Cherokee nation claimed that this territory
acquired with Texas belonged to them under
the treaty of 1835, which contained a provision
that they should have an outlet with the West.
The section to which my colleague [Mr. Ben-
jamin] has referred was inserted to cutoff any
claim of that kind which might be set up by
those Indians.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is not a portion of this
territory already occupied by white people,
and is not some portion of it now open to
preemption and settlement?
Mr. VAN HOKN. I believe not. There
is no portion of the territory open to settle-
ment; and there are no white people on it
unless they are there contrary to law. The
committee have not thought it prudent to
complicate this question with matters which
belong properly to the people, and which
depeud upon the development of the country
by the people.
Mr. N1BLACK. As I understood the read-
ing of this bill at the Clerk's desk, it proposes
that when this territory shall be organized all
the treaties we'have with the Indian fcribes
within the boundaries of the proposed territory
shall be abrogated.
Mr. VAN HOKN. No, sir.
Mr. NIBLACK. Am 1 not right?
Mr. VAN HOKN. The provision is that
Indian agencies shall be abolished.
Mr. NiBLACK. I would like to know how
we are to get rid of these treaties.
Mr. VAN HORN. This bill is drawn in
pursuance of the late treaty, and to that extent
it abrogates former treaties. But in regard to
some ot the peculiar Indian customs, tribal
organizations, &c., the committee thought it
wise not to go too far. The object of the bill
is to try an experiment to a certain extent, to
ascertain whether we can do anything with our
Indian population by taking as a nucleus for
organized communities the most highly civil-
ized of these people, those who have for years
lived under written laws, who have had their
schools, their colleges, and general educational
advantages similar to those that we have in
the States. ^ The committee deem it desirable
to make this experiment, whereby the wilder
tribes may be brought under the influence of
those more civilized. The Indians have more
confidence in the people of their own race than
in the whites, and will yield them a more ready
obedience.
Mr. FINKKLNBUKU. I hope the gentle-
man will yield to me for a moment.
Mr. VAN HORN. I promised to yield to
my colleague on the committee from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, the at-
tempt to embody any considerable number of
Indians in a distinct territorial government
is in some degree an experiment. Yet, sir, it
has been long under the consideration of the
Government fef the United States.
The country embraced in this bill comprises
about 5,070 square miles, or 48,048,055 acres.
It is bounded on the north by the southern
boundary of the State of Kansas, on the west
by the eastern boundary of the Territory of
New Mexico and the State of Texas, on the
south by the northern boundary of the State of
Texas, and on the east by the western bound-
ary of the States of Arkansas and Missouri.
There is comprised within this territory a
population of 60,&70 Indians, as nearly as can
be ascertained. Of this population the Cher-
okees compose 14.000 : the Choetnws, 12,500;
Chiekasaws, 4,500; Creeks, 12,300; Semi-
uoles, 2,100; Quapavvs, 275; Shawnces and
Senecas, D50; Osages. 4.500; Aiupahces,
1,500; Cheyennes, 2,000; Apaches, 300; Kio-
was, 2,000; Comanches, 2,500; Wichitas and
affiliated bands, 1,000; Wyandotts, 175 ; Peo-
rias, Piankeshaws, Kaskaskias, and Weas, 220.
Now, sir, of these the Arapahoes, the Chey-
ennes, the Apaches, the ICiowas, and the Co-
manches are what are called wild Indians.
They are wild and uncultivated and have not
adopted any of the habits or practices of civil-
ized life. The others have adopted to a very
considerable extent most of the practices of
civilization. Many of them have advanced in
wealth and have adapted themselves to the
usages of civilized society. The Choctaws,
Cherokees, Chickasaws, Creeks, and Serai-
noles are the chief of all these tribes. With
these four tribes we have entered into treaty
stipulations. By the treaty of April 28, I860,
(page 769, vol. 14, Statutes-at-Large,) there
is a distinct provision for a general council or
organized government. I will call the atten-
tion of the House very briefly to a synopsis of
this provision of the treaty. It is expressly
provided that a council shall be convened
annually, and of whom that council shall con-
sist. They are to be members of these tribes.
It also prescribes the time and place of meet-
ing and the length of the session.
Mr. SARGENT. Let me ask the gentleman
a question. I should like to inquire whether
the council so authorized has not been held,
and whether these Indians themselves, to his
own knowledge, have not organized a form
of government to suit themselves, entirely
inconsistent with the provisions of this bill?
I ask him also whether they have not sent that
constitution here for our consideration and
approval ?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I hold in my hand
the constitution which was adopted by these
Indians, and! will print it with these remarks
if there be no objection.
There was no objection; and it is asfollows:
Constitution of the Indian Territory.
B.
Whereas the people of the nations of Indians in-
habiting t.lio Indian territory bave agreed by treaty
with the Government of the United States, and been
by its agents invited, to meet in general council
under tho forms prescribed by the treaties of 1866,
and the action thereon of the Government of the
United States, having thus met to frame the laws
and arrange the machinery of a government for the
country occupied and owned by them, in order to
draw themselves together in a closer bond of union
for the better protection of their rights, the improve-
ment of themselves, and the preservation ot their
race, and relying on tho guidance and favor of Al-
mighty God to carry out in a consistent and prac-
ticable form the provisions of said treaties at the
earliest practicable day, do hereby enact and pro-
mulgate the following as the constitution or organic
law of tho said Indian territory:
Article I.
Section 1. All that portion of country bounded on
the east by the States uf Atkansas and Missouri, and
on the north by the State of Kansas, on the west by
the Territory of'New Mexico and the Stateof Texas,
and on tho south by the State of Texas, which has
been set apart and guarantied by the treaties and
laws of the United States as a permanent home for
the Indians tlx erein lawfully resident, or such as may
be in like manner settled therein hereafter, for the
purposes of this constitution, shall bo known and
styled as " The Indian Territory."
Sec. 2. Each of the nations of Indians who by them-
selves, or through their representatives, may enter
this confederacy, do agree that the citizens of each
and every ono of said nations shall have the same
lights of transit, commerce, trade, or exchange in
any of said nations as ho has in his own, subject only
to consistency with existing treaty stipulations with
tho United States and the laws legulatmg traue and
intercourse, and under such judicial regulations as
are hereinafter provided. But no right of property
or lands, or tunds owned by any one nation, shall be
in any manner invaded bycitizensof another nation;
and it is hereby distinctly affirmed that the rights of
each of these nations to its lands, funds, and all
other property sliuH remain the sole and distinct
property of such nations. Any Indian nation now
represented in this general council, or which may
hereafter enter in a legal manner, or be now in said
Indian territory, may be admitted to representation
and all tho privileges of this joint government by
accepting and agreeing, through their proper author-
ities, to the provisions of this constitution.
Articlk II.
Suction 1. The powers of this government shall
be divided into three distinct departments, to bo
called the legislative, the executive, and the judi-
cial departments of the Indian Territory.
Sec. 2. No person belonging to one of these depart-
ments shall exercise any of the powers properly be-
longing to either of the others, except in tho cases
hereinafter expressly directed or permitted.
Article III.
Section 1. The legislative power shall be vested
in a General Assembly, which shall consist of a
senate and a house of representatives; and the style
ol their acts shall be; "Be it enacted," or "Beit
resolved by the General Assembly of the Indian
Territory."
Sec. 2. The senate shall consist of one member
from each nation whose population is two thousand
citizens and one member for every additional two
thousand citizens or traction greater than one thou-
sand: Provided, Nations with populations less than
two thousand may unite and be represented in tho
same ratio: And provided further. That the Ottawas,
Peorias, and Quapaws shall be entitled to one sen-
ator; and the Senccas, Wyandotts, and Shawnees to
one senator; and tho Sacs and Foxes to one senator.
Sec. 3. No person shall be eligible to a seat in tho
General Assembly buta bonajfcle citizen of the nation
which he represents, and who shall have attained to
the age of twenty-five years.
* Sec. 4. The house of representatives shall consist
of one member from each nation, and an additional
member foreaeh one thousand citizens-or fraction
thereof greater than five hundred.
Sec. 5. The members of the senate and the house
of representatives shall be elected by the qualified
voters of their respective nations according to their
laws or customs, and shall hold their office for the
term of two years. Vacancies that may occur shall
be filled in like manner.
Sec. 6. The senate, when assembled, shall choose
a president and its other officers, and the house of
representatives a speaker and other officers; and
each shall judge of the qualifications and returns of
its own members. A majority of each house shall
constitute a quorum to do business; buta smaller
number may adjourn from day to day, and compel
the attendance of absent members in such manner
and under such penalties as ea^h house may provide.
Sec. 7. Each branch ot the General Assembly shall
keep a journal and determine the rules of ita pro-
ceedings, punish a member lor disorderly behavior,
and, with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a mem-
ber ; but not a second time fur tho same offense.
Sec. 8. The General Assembly shall have power to
legislate upon all subjects and matters pertaining to
the intercourse and relations ot the nations of the
Indian Territory; the arre&tand extradition of crim-
inals escaping: from one nation to asother: the ad-
ministration of justice between members of the sev-
eral natious of the said Territory and persons other
than Indians and members of said nations}; and tha
common defense and safety of the nations of said
Territory. But the saicl General Assembly fahall not
legislate upon matters other than those above indi-
cated. Tnc General Assembly shall meet annually
on the first Monday in June, atsuch place as may be
fixed upon at their first regular session.
Skc. 9. .Members of the General Assembly and
other officers, both executive and judicial, before
they enter upon the duties of theirrespective offices,
shall take the following oath or affirmation, to wit:
*' I do solemnly swear (or affirm, as the ease may be,)
that I will support the constitution of tho Indian
Territory, and that I will faithfully and impartially
discharge, to the best of my ability, tho duties of the
office of , according to law; so help me God."
Skc. 10. The members of the General Assembly
shall be paid four dollar per day while in actual
attendance thereon, and lour dollars mileage for
every twenty miles going to and returning there-
from on the most direct traveled route, to be certified
by tho presiding officer of each house : Piooided, No
member shall be allowed per diem compensation for
more than thirty daysat any annual session.
Sec.11. Members of the General Assembly shall,
in all eases except of treason, felony, or breach of
the peace, bo privileged from arrest during the ses-
sion ot the General Assembly, and in going to and
returning from the same.
Sec. 12. No power of suspending the laws of this
Territory shall be exercised unless by the General
Assembly or its authority. No retrospective law nor
any law impairing the obligation of contracts shall
be passed.
Sec. 16. AVhenever the General Assembly shall
deem it necessary to provide means to suppoit
the government of the Indian Territory, it shall
have power to do so ; but no revenue shall be raised
not actually necessary and iu accordance with law,
uniform in its operations throughout tne Territory.
Sec. 14. All bills making appropriations shall
onginato in the house of representatives; but the
senate may propose amendments, or reject the same.
All other bills may originate in either branch, sub-
ject to the concurrence or rejection of the other.
Sec. 15. The house of representatives shall have
the sole power of impeaching. All impeachments
shall be tried by the senate. "When sitting for that
purpose the senators shall be on oath or affirmation,
and shall be presided over by the cbiet justice; and
no person shall be convicted without the concurrence
of two thirds of the member? present.
Sec. 16. The Governor, and all civil officers, shall
be liable to impeachment ior any misdemeanor in
office; but judgment in saeh cases shall not extend
further than removalfiom office anddisquaiifteation
to hold any office of honor, trust, or pi otit under tilts
government; but the party, whether convicted or
acquitted,shall, nevertheless,bo liable to indictment,
trial, and punishment according to law, ns in other
ca^es.
Sec. 1/. The salaries of all officers created under
