1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
this constitution, not otherwise provided, shall be
legulated bv law; but no increase or diminution
shall bo made in the *am© during the term for which
paid otiicers may have been elected or appointed.
Article IV.
Section 1. The executive power of this Territory
shall be vested in a Governor, whoshall be styled the
Governor of the Indian Territory, and whose term
of service shall be two years, and until his «sueces^or
shall have been elected and qualified, lie shall be
elected bv the qualified electors of each nation, on
the fhst Wednesday m April, at the usual places of
holding elections of the several nations. The returns
of the election ol Governor shall be sealed up and
directed to the secretaiy of tke Territory, whoshall
(.pen and publish them in the presence of the senate
and house of representatives in joint session assem-
bled. Thepercon having the highest number of votes
f-ball be declared Governor by the president of ihe
senate; but if twoor moieshall be equal and highest
in votes, then one of them shall be chosen by the
majority of votes by joint ballot ot both houses ol
the Goner il Assembly.
Sec. 2. Thcmannerofconductinganddetermining
contested elections shall be directed by law.
Skc. 3. No person shall be eligible to the office of
Governor who shall not have attained to the age of
thirty year*.
Skc. 4. Whenever the office of Governor shall be-
come vacant by death, resignation, removal from
ofhee, or otherwise, the president of the senate shall
exercise the office until another Governor shall be
duly qualified. In case of the death, resignation,
removal from office, or other disqualification of the
president of the senate so exercising the office ol
Governor, the speaker of the house of representa-
tives shall fill the office until the president of the
senate shall have been chosen and qualified to act
as Governor.
Skc. 5. The Governor shall receive, at stated times,
for hi s services, a compensation to be fixed bylaw,
which shall be neither increasednor diminished dur-
ing the period for which he shall have been elected;
nor shall he receive, within that period, other emol-
ument fr rn the Indian Territory.
Sl-.c. I). The Governor shall, from time to time, give
to the General Assembly information in writing of
the state ot the government, and recommend to its
consideration such measures as he may deem expe-
dient, and shall take care that the laws befaitft-
tully executed.
She. 7. The Governor, on extraordinary occasions,
may, by proclamation, convene the General Assem-
bly at the seat of government, to legislate upon such
meters only as he may recommend.
Sr:c. 8. When vacancies occur in offices, the ap-
pointment of whinh i« vested in the Governor, by
and with the consent of the senate, he shall have
power to till such vacancies by commission, which
j hall expire at the end of the next session of the
General Assembly.
tof.c. 9. The Governor may grant pardons and
lespues, and remit lines for offenses against the laws
of this Territory, and shall commission all officers
who shall be appointed or elected to office under the
lawsot the Territory.
Sec. 10. Every bill which shall have passed both
houses of the General Assembly shall be presented
to the Governor; if he approves he shall sign it; if i
not, he shall return it, with his objections, to the i
House in which it may have originated, which shall }
enter the objections at large upon the journal and :
proceed to reconsider it. if after such reconsider- ,
ation two thirds of the members present shall agree j
to pass the bill, it shall be sent with the objections j
to the other house, by which it shall likewise be
reconsidered; if approved by two thirds of the mem-
bers present ot that house, it shall become a law; but
in such case the votes of both houses shall be determ-
ined by yeas and nays; and the naaies of the mem-
bers voting for or against the bill shall be entered on
the journals of eaeh house respectively. If any bill
shall not be returned by the Governor within five
days (Sundays excepted) after it shall have been
presented to him, the same shall become a law in
like manner as if he had signed it, unless the General
Assembly, by their adjournment, prevent its return,
in whichca-icitshall bealaw, unless sent back within
three days after their next meeting.
Sec. 11. There shall be a secretary of said Terri-
tory, who shall be appointed by the Governor, with
the advice and consent of the senate, and who shall
hold his office iortwo years, ami whose duties shall
be prescribed by law. He shall also act as treasurer
of the Territory until otherwise provided. Before
^nteiing upon his duties as treasurer he shall give
bond with such sureties as may be required by law.
No money shall be drawn from the treasury but by
warranUrom the Governor, and in consequence of
appropriations made by law. There shall also bean-
pointed in like manner one marshal, who shall have
power to appoint such deputies as may be authorized.
There shall likewise be appointed one attorney gen-
eral and two district attorneys, whose duties and
terms of office shall be defined by law.
Skc. 12. All commissions shall be in the name and
by the nutlioiity of the Indian Tenitory, and be
sealed with the seal, and signed bj' the Governor and
attested by the secretary of the Territory.
Article V.
Section 1. The judiciary department of the Indian
Territoiy slial! be vested in a. supreme court, three
district courts, and such inferior courts as may be
provided by law: but their jurisdiction shall not
interfere with the civil and ciiininal jurisdiction
retained to each separate nation by the treaties of !
18C0.
Skc. 2. The supreme court shall be composed of
three judges, who shall be appointed by the Gov-
ernor, with the approval ot the senate, as district
, judges. 1 wo of said judges shall form a quorum of
f the supreme court for the transaction of business
| Their terms of office shall be six years provided
j that the office of one of said judges shall be vacated
in two years, of one in four years, and of one in six
years, so th?itat the expiration of eaeh two vcars
one of said judges shall be appointed as afore*said
The j udge appointed for six years shall be the first
chief justice of the supreme court, and upon the
expiration of his term th e gen ior judge in office &haLl
be thereafter the chief justice.
Sec. 3. The supreme court shall meet at the cap-
ital, commencing on the fir^t Mondajs in June and
December in each year. The supreme court shall
bea court of appellate jurisdiction from the district
courts,and original jurisdiction in such cases as may
be prescribed by law.
Sec. 4. The supreme and district judges shall have
power to issue writs of habeas corpus and other pro-
cess necessary to the exercise of their appellate or
original jurisdiction.
Skc. 5. Thedistrictcourtssliall haveoriginal juris-
diction of all cases, civil and criminal, arising from
the trade or intercourse between theseveralnations
and all cases arising under the legislation of this
government as may be prescribed by law.
Sec. 6. Writs of error, bills of exceptions, and
appeals may be allowed from the final decisions of
the district courts m such cases as shall be pre-
scribed by law.
Sec. 7. It shall be the duly of the General Assem-
bly to divide the Indian Teiritory into three dis-
tricts, which shall be as nearly equal in territory and
population as may be practicable, assign one of the
three judges to each district, and provide for the
holding of terms of the district court in each at such, i
times and places as may be deemed expedient. ;
Skc. 8. No person shall be appointed a judge of '
any of the courts until he shall have attained to the !
age of thirty years, and be a person of good character !
and suitable qualifications. j
Sec. 9. No judge shall sit on a trial of any cause in I
which he may be interested, or in which he is con- 1
nected to either of the patties by affinity or consan- !
guinity, except by consent ot the parties ; and in ease :
of disqualification of nnyjudge the vacancy shall be ,
filled as may be prescribed by law. j
Sec. 10. AH writs and other process shall run in «
the name of the Indian Territory, and bear test and '
be signed by the clerk issuing the same. ;
Sec. 11. Indictments shall conclude: "Against the t
peace and dignity of the Indian Territory."
Sec. 12. Kach couit shall appoint its own clerk, i
whose duty and compensation shall be fixed by law. \
AitriCLK VI. j
Section 1. The General Assembly may propose such >
amendments to this constitution as three fourths of j
each branch may deem expedient; and the Governor I
shall issue a proclamation directing all civil officers !
of the Tenitory to promulgate the same as exten- ;
sively a« possible wi thin their respective districts, at
least six months previous to the annual sessions of ;
the national councils of the nations parties hereto; \
and if thice fourth* of such national councils, at ;
such next annual sessions, shall ratify such proposed j
amendment, they shall be valid to all intents and '
purposes as part of this constitution. j
Declaration of Rights. j
That the general, greai, and essential principles j
of liberty and free arovernment may be recognized j
and established, wo declare—
Section 1. That all politic il power is inherent in >
the people,and all free Governments arc founded Oil '
theirauthority arid instituted for their benefit; and !
thev shall have at all times the inalienable right to
alter, reform, or abolish their form of government as !
may be lawfully provided for. !
Sec. 2. The free exercise of religious worship and '
serving God without distinction of creed shall for- j
ever he enjoyed within the limits of this Territory; !
Provided, That the liberty of conscience shall not be
so construed as to cxcuse acts of licentiousness or
justify practices inconsistent with the peace, safety,
and good morals of this Territoiy.
Sfo. H. No leligious test shall ever be required as
a qualification to any office of public trust in this
Territory.
Sec. 4. Every citizen shall be at liberty to speak,
write, or publish Ins opinions on any subject, being
responsible for the abuse of this privilege; and no
law shall ever be passed curtailing the liberty of
speech or of the press.
Sec. 5 The peopleshnll be secure in their persons,
houses, papers, and possessions from all unreason-
able searches, seizures, and intrusions; and no war-
rant to search any place, or to seize any ppr>on or
thing, shall be issued without describing them as
nearly as may be, nor without good cause,supported
by oath or affirmation.
Sec. 0. In all criminal prosecutions the accused
shall have a speedy trial by an impartial jury ot the
distiict wherem the crime shall have iietu commit-
ted, the right of demanding the nature and cause
of the accusation, ot having compulsory process to
procure witnesses in his favor, of having the right
to be heard by himself and counsel, ot' not being
compelled to testify against himself nor to be held
to answer to anyeriimnalcharge but on information
or indictment by a grand jury.
Sec. 7. All prisoner shall bo bailable before con-
viction, by sufficient surctv, except for a capital
offense where the proof is evident or the presumption
great.
Sec. 8. Excessive hail shall not be required, nor
excessive fines imposed, nor cruel or unusual pun-
i.hment inflicted; and all courts shall be open, and
every person for an injury done hiin in his person,
reputation, or property shall have remedy as the law
directs.
Sec. 9. Xo person, for the same offense, shall be
twice pAt in jeopardy of life or limb, and the right
of trial by jury shall remain inviolable.
Sec. 10. No person shall be imprisoned for debt.
Sec. 11. The citizens shall have the right* in a
peaceable manner, to assemble for their common
good, to instruct their Representatives and to apply
to those invested with the powers of government for
; redress of grievances or other purposes by petition,
| address, or remonstrance.
j Sec. 12. The privilege of the writ of habeas corpua
| shall not be suspended unless the public safety
  should require it.
i Skc. 13. All powers not herein expressly granted
l by the nations parties to this constitution are re-
i served by them, respectively, according to the pro-
| visions of their several treaties with the United
I States.
| Schedule to the Constitution.
In order to organize thegovernmentof thelndian.
; Territory and secure practical operation tor the
j same, it is hereby ordained, and the provisions of
' this schedule shall be of the same binding force as
the constitution of which it is a part, that it shall
be the duty of the secretary of this general council
\ to transmit a duly autnenticated copy of this con-
; stitution to the executive authority of each nation
i represented in £he general council, and to ask the
! acceptancc and ratification of the same by the coua-
| oils or people of the respective nations.
Upon receiving from sucb authority notification
of its acceptance and ratification by national coun-
cils representing two thirds of the population of the
nations represented in the general council, it shall be
his duty to promulgate such fact, and to call a session
of the general council from the nations ratifying
this constitution, at such place as the present session
may designate for its next meeting. It shall be the
duty of the general council, when so assembled, to
adopt such measures as may be neeessary to secure
the election of a Governor and members of the Gen-
eral Assembly, and to fix the time of the first meet-
ing of the said Assembly, whose duty it shall be to
perfect the organization of the government of the
Indian Tenitory under the provisions of the fore-
going constitution : JJiovided, That this constitution
shall be obligatory and binding only upon such na-
tions and tribes as may hereafter duly approve and
adopt the same. ^ ENOCH 1IOAG,
Superintendent of Indian Atfaii i, president.
G. Y>". GRKYSOX, Secretary.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Isow, Mr. Speaker,
this convention provided for by the treaty of
I860 was held in September, 1870. and ad-
journed until'the Oth of December, 1870, when
the constitution was finally adopted. The bill
now before the House is in conformity to the
provisions of this constitution, except oaly
that the bill provides for the appointment of
a Governor by the President of the United
States, by and with the consent and approval
of the Senate, instead of allowing the Indians
in the Territory to appoint their own Gov-
| ernor, and I think the reasons for that are
j strong and obvious.
i Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman will
| allow me, I will make a remark there. He
: stated that that is the only difference between
: the form of government tbe Indians propose
! and the one proposed in this bill. As I heard
i the two documents they are dissimilar in this
j respect: in the officers, in the jurisdiction con-
i fided to them, in their relations to the General
} Government, in every particular in fact that
! can be specified. There is no analogy between
| them, except that it has a form of government
| provided by both.
' Mr. SHANKS. Will the gentleman yield
to me to make a remark ?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Certainly.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to say that I have
correct copies of all those documents, and
shall ask leave, when I have an opportunity, to
present them to the House in opposition to the
passage of this bill. 1 have received from the
Secretary of the Interior the following letter :
I-H.l'ARTMEXT OF THK IXTF.BIOK,
Wa^uixgtox, I). C.t January 19, 1871.
Slli^ Pursuant to your request, I hand you with
this txeneral Parker's report in regard to the pro-
ceedings ot the Indian council recently heJd tor the
purpose of^ establishing a contedeiate government
for the Indian tribes now in the Indian country and
hcreatter to go there. I also hand you copy of the
agricultural report made to said council during its
session: also, copy of a declaration of rights, and ol*
thcconstitutionof government which had been nearly
aureed upon beiore Ueuerul Parker ielt. I am iu
daily expectation of aa oiSi-ial copy ot this constitu-
tion fiom Mr. lloa^, the president of the council.
X commend to j ourtaretui consideration the tacts
