1430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Mr. McCREERY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment reported from the committee to
conform to the suggestion of the Senator from
Ohio, so as to authorize the sale of all that
part north of the line of F street extended. I
presume that that will be satisfactory.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment is in order, and the question is on agree-
ing to the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to have the
amendment stated. I do not know what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reported by the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed, first, to
strike out the following words :
And provided also, That that portion of Judiciary
square lying north of E street, the streets leading
toward it having been first properly extended, shall
be sold by the officer in charge of public buildings
and grounds, in suitable building lots, at public or
private sale, a minimum rate at which such sale
shall be authorized to be previously fixed by the
Secretary of the Interior.
Before the question is taken on that amend-
ment it is proposed to strike out " E street "
and insert "F streetso as to read :
That that portion of Judiciary square lying north
of If street, the streets leading toward it having
been first proprly extended, &e.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment now includes all lands lying north of E
street. If the amendment to the amendment
shall be adopted, it will include all lying north
of F street. The question is on the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. HOWE. The difference is, if we accept
the proposition of the committee, we dispose,
for the benefit of the Treasury, of two squares
of ground for which we have no use. If we
accept the amendment moved by the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] we dispose
of one square, for which we have no use, and
keep one square, for which we have no use.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Eithersquare
will sell for $250,000.
Mr. HOWE. And either square, the Sen-
ator from Vermont suggests, will sell for
$250,000. It makes a difference of $250,000
'to the Treasury, and nobody can point out,
nobody has pointed out, what use we have for
this square, which it is now proposed to hold
on to. I think, if we are going into the real
estate business, we had better go into it like
men. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire simply to say
that I do not think we shall realize any such
sum as $250,000 from the whole of it. I think
the proceeds of the sale will amount to very
little ; but that is a matter of opinion merely.
My own view is that we had better not sell
these grounds at all. We are now trying to
buy ground that we gave away almost some
years ago, and I think you will find that you
will have use for these grounds hereafter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will merely
state, for the information of the Senate, that in
the grounds proposed to be sold in Judiciary
square there are about four hundred and forty
thousand feet, and ata dollar a foot it would
come to $440,000; and no land can be bought
in that vicinity for $1 25 a foot.
Mr. CONKLING, Is it not advancing all
the time?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING, Then why sell novy ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose it
is not advancing as much as in some other
localities.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, the con-
trolling question on this subject should be, I
think, has the city'of Washington b future ou
pot? If she has no future it is not worth
while to spend large sums on costly public
buildings, If she has a future—and 1 shall
assume that she has, and that the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] agrees with me—it
seems to me it is the greatest mistake that
ever was for us to dispose of any part of her
public grounds. It never has happened in an
American city yet, within my observation, that
the sale of a public place or park has been
anything but a subject of regret at some sub-
sequent period. It is a much easier thing now
for Washington city to dispose of a great part
of one of her most important squares than it
will be hereafter for her to supply the want
of a sufficient number of public grounds, the
lungs of a city, as they have been so appro-
priately and happily called. It is much more
easy for us to give up this square now than to
make up the want of it hereafter. I trust the
amendment to sell a part of the square will
not pass in either form. But of course the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] for the sale of a smaller portion of
the square is less objectionable than the prop-
osition of the other Senator, [Mr. Morrill, of
Vermont,] for the sale of a portion nearly or
quite twice as large. In other words, the Sen-
ator from Vermont who proposes to sell all
north of F street proposes a less damage to
the future of Washington than the other Sen-
ator, who proposes to sell all north of E street.
I hope, if the metropolis of the Union is re-
garded here as having a future, that we shall
not part with so large a portion of one of our
most important public squares.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
from California supposes that I move to sell
the whole of this land he is laboring under a
mistake.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not intimate that
the Senator from Iowa had proposed anything
of the sort; at least, I meant to speak of the
Senator from Vermont on each occasion. The
two Senators from that State have moved sep-
arate amendments. I regard them both as
objectionable. The last amendment, that of
the Senator from Vermont who is farthest
from the Chair, [Mr. Edmunds,] is the least
obi - • liable, because it takes less of this
squat (j.
Mr. STOCKTON. I trust that this proposi-
tion will pass as it has been reported by the
committee. The Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds have had this matter under
very careful consideration for a long time.
They have examined the subject in a manner
and with a diligence which Senators not on
the committee have not done and cannot do.
Many Senators do not now understand what is
proposed to be done.
The Senator from California says that the
question is whether this city has any future.
If it has a future, which he assumes, he thinks
we should not sell any of the reservations.
Mr. President, the city of Washington, I
affirm, has a glorious future before her. I
predict, sir, that it is destined to be the finest
capital in the whole world. There is no such
street to-day in the world as Pennsylvania
avenue, and no man can point it out. The
natural advantages of Washington are unri-
valed, but Congress is not willing, it seems to
me, to use them. Congress refused even to-
day to adjourn and thereby assist the people
of Washington in their praiseworthy efforts to
show that they had a live city; and when a
most extraordinary circumstance on the same
day, a proposition comes up here to make a
public park—which exists in every great city
in the world—and to make it without any
expense to the Government whatever but by
selling land it does not want, gentlemen get
up and say there is no future for Washington;
or that the question is whether there is a future
for Washington, because if there is a future,
we should not sell any of these building lots
and reservations that have got old shanties on
them, which are not needed at all, and the
necessity for which may never exist, I do not
desire to sell this land if Cougress will appro-
priate tbe money from the Treasury, but this
has been tried and has failed. It cannot be
done.
The proposition is to sell property in regard
to which a Senator on the other side of the
Chamber said, a few moments ago, no man
had suggested any use to which it could be put
or for which it was wanted—property which
should be open to improvement. It is to sell
that property, and, at no expense whatever to
the Government, no expense to the public
Treasury, to make a beautiful park, including
the Agricultural grounds, and all the ground,
most of which we own already, from here to
the President's House; to make beautiful
drives on the border of that beautiful river, to
make a park for the people of the country, that
the poor may have pleasure-grounds ; a park
of which the nation may be proud, and for
which posterity will thank you—make such a
park in Washington among other parks as
Pennsylvania avenue is among other streets.
And as we improve the city by permitting the
immediate use of the reservations not needed
by the United States, with the proceeds we
make pleasure-grounds for the people and
beautify the proud capital of our country.
This proposition made here on this day,
when the Senate is meeting in the middle of
the carnival of the people, is described by
Senators to be, wise or not, depending on
whether Washington has a future. Let us not
forbid that glorious future. I do say, Mr.
President, that the chairman of the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds has devoted
his attention, his time, his good sense, and
his good taste to it; and I sincerely hope the
Senate will have the good sense themselves to
stand by the chairman of that committee in
this wise proposition. I have a little amend-
ment myself to offer, with the consent of the
committee ; but as it is on another part of the
amendment, I shall not offer it now.
Mr. WARNER. It seems to me the real
friend of Washington in the future should vote
against selling this park. The proposition of
the committee is to sell a park, the only one
on this side of the city, for the benefit of the
new park ; that is, to get a fund out of that
with which to make a park elsewhere. In
other words, it is taxing the breathing-places
of the future for the immediate present. This
seems to me an unwise economy. We had
better provide the necessary money in some
other way, and reserve this square, the only
one I know of on this side of the city, for its
future needs. If no other use can be found
for it, it will answer a great public benefit as
a park itself. This proposition goes to cut it
up into lots, fill it with buildings, and the
square where the City Hail now stands will •
soon be built up, and then you will have no
breathing-place and no place for one anywhere
on this side of the city. It seems to me it is an
unwise economy, and that it is drawing upon
the future for an economical benefit now.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, at first the prop-
osition to sell this square was not one that I
favored ; but during this discussion I have
reflected on the short distance from Judiciary
square to the entrance of the proposed park,
and that consideration leads me to favor the
measure. It is no great distance. Persons
who would enjoy a ramble or stroll of an after-
noon in Judiciary square, or any squares that
lie contiguous, would find no trouble in extend-
ing their walk a little and going to the pro-
posed park and there enjoying their stroll.
Now, sir, as I understand the proposition,
the success of the proposed park depends very
materially on the sale of these grounds in order
to raise the funds with which to carry out the
design of the committee. If there was a prop-
osition here to vote money from the Treasury
sufficient to make the improvements that have
been suggested by the committee, irrespective
of these grounds, I might perhaps favor that;
but to refuse to sell this square is to defeat the
great object, the main park, I think. That I
i do not dssirs to me done,
