1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
all upon the bill, but I want to inform the
gentleman that it does not belong to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to take charge of the
guestion of organizing the territories of this
Government.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I understand that this
bill was properly referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and that it is now properly
before this House on a report from that com-
mittee.
Mr. VAN HOItN. A bill of this character
was introduced into the -House four years ago
and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, in pursuance of their duty to examine
and determine upon an Indian policy, long
before the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cdl-
loji] was placed at the head of the Committee
on the Territories. At the last session of this
Congress, a year ago, when, according to in-
structions of the Committep on Indian Affairs,
I reported this bill to the House, and moved
its printing and recommittal, the gentleman
heard me make that motion and objected.
The next morning he introduced a bill—one
which we had considered for a time and laid
aside for this one—and had it referred to his
committee. That bill has laid in his commit-
tee without action for a year. I have pur-
posely delayed action upon this bill until the
Committee on Indian Affairs met this morning,
for the purpose of arriving at an understand-
ing with the Committee on the Territories,
not wishing to trench at all upon their pre-
rogatives.
The Committee on the Territories have not
yet acted upon this subject. They wilt probably
not have a chance this session to report any
bill. If they have prepared a bill which will
accomplish the same object which it is pro-
posed to accomplish by this bill I am willing
to surrender to them all the credit of it, if
there is any. But I must protest against the
motion which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ccllom] desires to make, because, if success-
ful, it must defeat one of the most important
measures ever brought from our committee
before this House simply upon a matter of—
I hardly know what to call it—I will say of
technicality, or whatever else you may term
it, I maintain that the Indian policy of this
Government by right belongs to the Indian
Committee. We have investigated the matter
fully.
Mr. CULLOM. One word, if the gentle-
man pleases.
Mr. VAN HORN. I think I have explained
this matter fully. I will say for our committee
that we have no disposition to trench upon the
privileges or rights of any other committee of
this House. No objection was raised during
the Thirty-Ninth, Fortieth, or Forty-FirstCon-
gress to the consideration of this bill by the
Committee 011 Indian Affairs. We have con-
sidered this bill, and for the last two years
nearly have been ready to report it as soon as
we could be called. And while thegentleman
' from Illinois was trying to settle the Mormon
question, which was the right of his committee,
we have been trying to settle the Indian ques-
tion, which, I maintain, properly belongs to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Has the morn-
ing hour expired?
Mr. ROOTS. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. This is the regular order
until some question of higher privilege is called
up.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I hope this running
discussion will not be deducted from my time.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I call for the
regular order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Min-
nesota takes the lloor upon a call for the regular
order, and the bill reported by the Commit-
tee 011 Indian Affairs goes over until Tuesday
next.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I yield to the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Hoge.]
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE.
Mr. HOGE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 805) supplementary to
an act to establish the Department of Justice;
which was reada first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
rote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEFENSE OF INDIAN FRONTIER.
Mr. DEGENER. I ask unanimous consent
to make a statement. When I sought this
morning to bring before the House the bill of
the Committee on Indian Affairs for the better
defense of the Indian frontier the objection,
as I have since learned, was made for the rea-
son that the gentleman objecting wished to be
present when the bill shall be considered, and
no time was fixed for taking it up. I now ask
the unanimous consent of the House that the
bill be made a special order for next Wednes-
day.
Mr. HOAR. I object.
Mr. ARNELL. I call for the regular order.
SIVA31P AND OVERFLOWED LANDS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of a bill last under consideration
on the 22d of December, the bill (H. R, No.
1450) defining swamp and overflowed lands.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian]
had charge of the bill.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to submit a prop-
osition to the House. I have this morning
received some information which leaves me
somewhat unprepared to proceed with the
consideration of this bill. I therefore move
to postpone the consideration of this special
order to the 1st day of February, after the
morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
ST. CROIX AND BAYFIELD RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is Senate joint resolution No. 11, extending
the time to construct a railroad from the St.
Croix river or lake to the west end of Lake
Superior and to Bayfield. The Chair will state
the position of the question. This joint reso-
lution was reported back from the Committee
on the Public Lands, and several amendments
were offered thereto. Pending the considera-
tion of the bill a motion was made to lay it
on the table, which prevailed. A motion was
then made to reconsider that vote, and then a
motion to lay on the table the motion to recon-
sider. The latter motion failed ; and the ques-
tion now recurs, " Wilt the House reconsider
the vote by which this bill was laid on the
table 1"
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The question is not de-
batable. The motion to lay on the table not
being debatable, a motion to reconsider a vote
laying a bill on the table is not debatable.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will it be in order to have
the bill read?
The SPEAKER. It will be.
The bill and pending amendments were
read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the yeas and nays
on the pending question.
Mr. RANDALL. Before the vote is taken,
I ask unanimous consent to present to the
House remonstrances from the State of Wis-
consin against the enactment of this land-
grant bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. There will
be time enough for that when the bill comes
directly before the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask unanimous consent
that the remonstrances may now be read.
They will, in my judgment, throw sufficient
light on this bill to insure its defeat.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I know the
gentleman has no remonstrances, unless they
may be from a rival railroad company.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have a
telegraphic dispatch from the Executive of
the State of Wisconsin, the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor, who is president of the State senate,
and the speaker of the house of representa-
tives of that State, announcing that a memorial
ih favor of the renewal of this grant by Con-
gress has unanimously been adopted by the
Legislature of Wisconsin within a very few
Mr. RANDALL. The remonstrance I have
comes from the gentleman's own district.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I under-
take to say that the gentleman has no remon-
strance from any citizen living in my district.
Mr. RANDALL. I say I have. I invite
the gentleman to come and look at them.
Mr. W ASHBURN, of Wisconsin. They are
not remonstrances.
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, sir ; they are. I ask
that they may be read.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The read-
ing is not now in order.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. There will be
time enough, unless we go on and debate it.now.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is not
debatable, unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. McGREW. I object to debate.
Mn RANDALL. I also have a letter from
a distinguished lawyer in that State.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was laid upon the table, on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 86, not voting
61 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Asper, At-
wood. Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Beaman, Bennett. Ben-
ton, Blair, Boles, Booker, Bovd, George 31. Brooks
Back, Buckley, Buffinton, Burdett, Benjamin F.
Butler. Roderick R. Butler, Arnasa Cobb. Conner,
Darrall, Dawes. Degener, Dockery, Dox, Eldridgc,
Ferris,Fisher.Fitch.Gibson, Gilflllan.Hale,Hamil-
ton, Harris, Hays, Hefim, Hoar, Hoge, Holmes, Hotch-
kis=, Jenckes. Johnson, Kelley, Laflin, Maynaid,
McCormick, McCrary. McKee, MeKenzie, Morey,
Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill,Myers, Nesley, O'Xeili,
Packer. Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Peters, Piatt,
Poland, Pomeroy. Price. Rainey, Roots, Sanford,
Sawyer, Seofield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
Sherrod. Shober, Joseph S. Smith, Worthinston C.
Smith. Stokes, Stoughton. Strickland. Sypher. Till-
man, Twichell, Wallace. Ward, CadwaladerC. Wnsh-
burn.Vv'heeler, Whit more, and .Eugene M. Wilson—1)0.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Arnell, Barry,
Beatty, Bethune, Binghain, Bird. Burchard. Burr,
Cleveland.Coburn.Conner, Cook. Cox.Crebs, Cullom,
Joseph Dixoil. Donley, Duke, Duval, Farnsworth,
Finkelnburg, Fox, Getz. Griswold. lla'rleinan. Hay,
Ilolman, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, IColsey. Kerr,
Knapp, Knott, Laivrence.Lewis.Manning.MeCarthv,
MeGrew, MeNeelv, Morcur, Millies, Ehakim H.
Moore. William Moore, Morgan, Morrissey. Mun-
gen, 1 black. Orth, Packard, Phelps, Porter, Potter.
Randall, Beeves, Rice, Rogers, Sargent, Shanks,
Slocum, John A. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stevenson, Stiles. Strong. Swann, Sweeney, 'tanner,
Taylor, Tyner, Upson, Van Auken. Van Trump.
Yoorhees, Welker, Wells, Witlard, Williams, John
T. Wilson. Winchester, Witchcr, Wood, Woodward,
and Young—86.
NOT YOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Ayer, Bar-
nnra, Beek, Benjamin, Biggs, Bowen, .Tames Brooks.
Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark,
Sidney Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb, Cowles, Dickey,
Dickinson, Nathan F. Dixon, Dyer. Ela, Ferry, Gar-
field, Haight, Hambleton, Hamill, Hawkins, Hawlev,
Hill, Hooper, Ingcrsoll, Alexander II. Jones, Jndd,
Kellogg. Ketehaio, Lash, Log:ui, Long. Loughridge,
Lynch, Marshall, Mayham, Jesse 11. Moore. Daniel
J.Morrell. Sewsham. Prosser. Schumaker, William
J. Smith, Stone, Strader. Taffe. Townsend,TrimWe,
Yan Horn, Van Wyck. William B. Washburn, Wil-
kinson, Winans, and Wolf—Gl.
So the House reconsidered the vote by which
the bill was laid on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. MAYHAM stated that he was paired
with Mr. Wilkixsox, who would vote in the
affirmative; while he would vote in the nega-
tive.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The SPEAKER. The question next recurs
on the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
