1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1431
As to what is conjectured here as to the
future of this city, I will only say that I have
never had but one opinion about it, even in
the darkest years of the Republic. There is an
incident in my life to which I am glad to recur
in this connection; and I happened within the
last two or three years to meet the gentleman
with whom it occurred, and I brought the
circumstance to his recollection; and it may
be of some little interest at present, because
it is the best evidence I can afford of my
anticipations, under all circumstances, of the
greatness of this city. In the month of Jan-
uary, 1861, about three days before the State
of Georgia claimed to have seceded from the
Union, I was walking with one of her Repre-
sentatives from the south gate of the Capitol
up to the House of Representatives. -There
were men at work upon the Dome of the Cap-
itol. He was a gentleman of fine intelligence
and of a very beautiful fancy. Looking up
at the Dome he paused, and said to me with
a great deal of seriousness, "What a pity
such a pile of architecture as that should be
destined to become so soon the abode of
obscene beasts and birds ; but that is its fate.
Ten years from to-day it will be abandoned by
mankind as a Capitol." Isaidtohim, "Give
yourself not the slightest uneasiness, my friend,
on that subject. 1 tell you that one hundred
years from this day this Capitol will loom up
here and from it will go forth law to this entire
continent." I believed then, and I believe yet,
that such is its future ; and I am prepared to
accept that future, and I rejoice in the con-
viction that it will come.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the sale of
real estate always marks the decadence of
capitals and cities and lands, and I am op-
posed to that sort of process wholly. I want
the Government to retain all the squares that
belong to it in the city of Washington and to
improve them all, and I trust that policy will
be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmuxds] to the amendment
of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan.]
The amendment to the amendment was
2>£1QQ^0Q
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on agreeing to the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope that will be adopted.
If we reflect a moment on the progress of the
Post Office Department, the business of which
at the commencement of this Government was
done in one book, we must be satisfied that
within the next twenty years we shall have to
have a building at least twice the size of the
present buildiug to accommodate the Post
Office Department. Besides, we are now rent-
ing buildings directly in the rear of the Interior
Department at quite a heavy expense to the
Government, and it would require quite a large
building to even accommodate that portion of
the Interior Department which is now accom-
modated in rented rooms outside of the pres^pt
building.
I hope that the amendment offered by the
Senator from Iowa will prevail, and then we
shall make provision for the improvement of
this park out of the Treasury if it is necessary.
Let us sell the lots proposed to be sold in the
amendment of the committee, aside from Judi-
ciary square, and let us make up any defi-
ciency from the Treasury. We can very easily
do it by an appropriation from the public
Treasury if necessary. I do not wish to do
anything to prevent the improvement of this
park; 1 am favorable to it; but at the same
time I am not willing to sacrifice the best in-
terests of the Government by disposing of one
of the most eligible pieces of ground, high,
healthy, and desirable, for a public building.
I hope, therefore, that we shall agree to the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask, what is the amend-
ment bow pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is to strike out all that portion which
authorizes the sale of so much of Judiciary
square as lies north of E street.
Mr. FOWLER. That, in other words, is an
amendment which proposes to strike out all
that portion of the amendment of the com-
mittee which sells real estate at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No; there
are other portions which authorize the sale of
lots.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Oregon would be willing to vote any
liberal amount of appropriation out of the
public Treasury for the purposes of this park;
but he will find that legislators in this body
and in the other House would refuse to concur
with him in that idea. Now, I have to say to
the Senate if they are in favor of this park,
they should vote down the proposition of the
Senator from Iowa, for, in my judgment, we
shall lose the park unless we make this appro-
priation of this square: and if it shall be sold
we then add to the taxable property of the city
to a very large extent, for it will be built upon
and become subject to such taxation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa to the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Upon that
question I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Vermont what he intends to do with
the jail, which is on the land that he proposes
to sell?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It has been
proposed to build a new jail; and years ago
a law was passed to that effect and a contract
made. It has been suspended ; but how sus-
pended I am hardly able to inform the Senate.
I suppose that ere long a new jail will be built,
and built in some other place.
Mr. CARPENTER. Can the Senator state
what will be the probable cost of a new jail 1
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
remember the contract price. It was author-
ized several years ago.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is quite evident, then,
that there is no economy in the proposition
of the Senator from Vermont; because if
we sell this land, as he proposes, we have to
build a jail very promptly, and cannot defer
the expenditure for the new jail.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will inform
the Senator that the condition of the appro-
priation and contract for the jail is such that
there will have to be further action on the
part of Congress before the jail can be removed.
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to me that,
with a view to the future of this city, we have
no right to part with any of our public parks
or places.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I would suggest to my
friends from the North that, considering the
question whether to build a new jail and tear
down the old one or not, they might well con-
sult the example and the experience of an old
State. If they wish to prevent crime let them
adopt the whipping-post, and it would be a
much more efficient prevehtive to the commis-
sion of crime than the erection of jails. Sir,
it is one of the prides and boasts of the State
of Delaware that she adheres to old-time
usages. Her people know that that which is
so offensive to northern sentiment and opin-
ion, the whipping-post, is the most efficient pre-
ventive to the commission of crime. If you
had one in every county in the North, and one
in every ward in every city of the North, you
would "have very little use for jails, there are
so many people in this country that deserve
whipping, [laughter;] a d having experienced
it once they will avoid it in the future. For
five years in my State, while attorney general
of that State, prosecuting crime, I had very few
oases of crime to prosecute against citizens
of Delaware, Our citizens generally did not
avail themselves of the blessings of the code;
and when a man from the North was brought
up and given thirty-nine lashes on the bare
back, well laid on, he would very seldom be
caught there again. I commend that much-
derided institution to the judgment of the Sen-
ators from the North; and I think if one were
established in this city, in every ward of the
city, it would save Congress a great deal of
trouble. [Laughter.]
Mr. PATTERSON. In relation to the jail
I wish to say a word. The appropriation was
made for the building of a new jail. There
was formerly a whipping-post right near the
jail, but I believe Delaware has appropriated
that institution, and so we concluded to have
a jail in the city. An appropriation was made
for building a jail, and a contract made, I
believe, while the Senator from Iowa JMr.
Haklan*] had charge of the Interior Depart-
ment, and I think the place for the building
of the jail was located by him, but not on
Judiciary square, although he is now in favor
of retaining that square. There is sufficient
room in the square on which the court build-
iug now is ts put up a jail; and certainly if
you retain the half square north of that there
will be ample room for a jail, so that we need
not retain this northern half square in order
to build a jail.
I think the question of selling these squares
or not determines the question of having a
park or not, because if we have got to appro-
priate money to put the park in preparation
we shall not do it, we shall not have the park.
So if you wish the park put in proper order,
sell these useless squares and put it in order.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that the
proposition, so far as the half square is con-
cerned, is voted down; and consequently we
only have one proposition, whether we will
dispose of this entire property or not; and if
we adopt the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa we do not dispose of any portion of it.
That is the question before the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 30 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Ames, Buckingham, Cas-
serly, Conkling. Corbett, Davis, Flanagan, Fowler,
H'afian, Howard. McCreery, Osborn, Boss, Sawyer,
Trumbull, and Warner—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Bo re-
man. Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Cragin, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin.
Hill. Howe, Johnston, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill
of Vermont, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sauls-
bury, Spencer, Sprague. Stockton,Thurman, Tipton,
Tickers. Willey, and Wilson—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Cattell,
Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Harris, Howell, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Pool, Pratt, Revels,
Rice, Robertson, Sehurz, Scott, Sherman, Steams,
Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Williams, and Yates—26.
So the amendment to the amendment was
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WARNER. I desire to amend the
amendment by striking out the words " or pri-
vate," so that this ground shall only be sold
at public sale.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. STOCKTON. In line twenty-two of
the amendment, after the words "President
of the United States," I move to insert the
words " and chairmen of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds of the Senate
and of the House of Representatives." The
plans for this part are to be submitted by the
amendment to the President of the United
States for his approval. I think it would be
better and safer to have the good taste and the
presence of the chairmen of the two Commit-
tees on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to amend the
amendment bo as to sell that portion of Judi-
ciary square south of the line of F street,
between that and B street, in order that w#
