1432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
February 20,
may save that portion north of the line of F
street on which the jail is situated, and by so
doing we shall not be obliged to build a new
jail. We shall reserve that.portion of ground
on which the jail is now situated, and it can
remain there for that purpose until we desire
that portion of the grounds.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon will have the kindness to reduce
his amendment to writing. • ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. . X raise the
question of order, that the same motion having
been once voted down, and the Senate having
decided the question, it is not now in order to
raise the question again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not understand that this is the same
amendment which was before voted on.
Mr. PATTERSON. I desire to say that we
cannot retain the present jail under any cir-
cumstances, because it is not fit for a jail. It
is not large enough to accommodate the num-
ber of prisoners who are sent there every year.
Besides, an appropriation has already been
made for building a new jail. The question
now is where it shall be located, and that ques-
tion is before the committee for consideration
and will soon be reported upon; so that saving
this square will not save the present jail.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator from Ore-
gon will withdraw his proposed amendment.
From the remarks made by the Senator from
New Hampshire, it certainly cannot be acted
upon favorably. I therefore ask him to with-
draw it.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not see why I should
withdraw it. The proposition is simply to re-
serve that portion of this ground north of the
line of F street on which the jail is situated,
and thus prevent the expenditure of $200,000
on a new jail. We put a stop to the building
of a new jail by a joint resolution, and we have
now no provision for a new jail. It is true
there was an appropriation of $200,000 for a
jail, but that was prevented, and now I desire
to reserve that portion of Judiciary square on
which the jail is situated, so that we may not
be obliged to expend $200,000 or more for a
new jail.
Mr. PATTERSON. If the Senator will allow
me, I will say that the building of the jail was
arrested and the subject was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and also to the Committee on the District of
Columbia. The two committees considered
the subject, and a bill was prepared in the two
committees, mainly by Mr. Fessenden and
myself, and was reported to the Senate and
was passed and went to the House, and is still
pending in the House, so that it has not per-
ished. The appropriation was made. Some
$30,000 of the appropriation were foolishly
spent, but there is enough left, it is thought,
to build the jail. A new jail is absolutely
necessary, because the present one is not fit to
keep the prisoners in, and the building has
got to be rebuilt necessarily.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me appeal to Sen-
ators to vote and close this appropriation bill.
Day after day and day after day we have had
this appropriation bill before us. It does seem
to me as if Senators do not intend to adjourn
on the 4th of March, but to sit here all sum-
mer. _ We have spent at least four or five days
on this one appropriation bill, and voted on
nothing. I have taken no particular part
or interest in this appropriation bill, except
trying to sit here and see if we could not vote
on something. I do not care about these
measures.
Mr. COLE. I will inquire what question is
before the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon is preparing an amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator from
Oregon will be satisfied with the vote of the
Senate already taken. We have voted down
that very proposition once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the amendment as proposed
by the Senator from Oregon.
The Ghief Clerk. The amendment to the
amendment is in lines thirty-one and thirty-
two, to strike out the words "north of E
street " and insert "between E and F streets
north ; " so that the proviso will read :
And provided also. That that portion of Judiciary
sauare lying between E and ]? streets north, the
streets leading toward it having been first properly
extended, shall be sold, &c.
Mr. CORBETT. That will provide for a
sale of that portion of the square between E
and F streets, and leave the portion on which
the jail is now situated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is understood by
everybody.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, which was reserved for a separate
vote, will now be read.
The next reserved amendment was on page
30, under the head of "Branch mint, Carson
City," to strike out lines seven hundred and
eight, seven hundred and nine, seven hundred
and ten, and seven hundred and eleven, in the
following words:
For salaries of superintendent, assayer, melter and
refiner, coiner, assistant assay er, assistant melter and
refiner, assistant coiner, and clerks, $S),300.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For salaries of the superintendent at $3,000 per
annum, assayer, melter and refiner, and coiner, at
-$2,500 each per annum, oneclerkat$2,000 per annum,
and three clerks at $1,800 per annum, $17,900.
Mr. STEWART. In order to put that amend-
ment in proper shape, I have prepared a sub-
stitute for the amendment adopted in com-
mittee, which is assented to by the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations and by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, which
will make definite what is intended. It is to
insert in lieu of the matter inserted as in Com-
mittee of the Whole the following:
For salaries of superintendent, assayer, melter
and refiner, coiner, and four clerks, $17,900. And
hereafter there shall be in said mint a superintend-
ent, with an annual salary of $3,000; a melter and
refiner, an assayer, and a coiner, at an annual salary
of $2,500 each,- one clerk at an annual salary of
$2,000, and three clerks at an annual salary of $1,800
each. The offices of chief coiner, assistant coiner,
assistant assayer, an assistant melter and refiner,
are hereby abolished.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This concludes
the reserved amendments.
Mr. COLE. Since I have been in my seat
to-day I have received a communication from
the Secretary of State in reference to a matter
that was considered during the progress of the
bill, to wit, the umpire for the Mexican com-
mission. We had no information before us at
the time the matter was considered, though we
are informed that the information upon the
subject was sent to the committee in the House.
The salary of the umpire, Dr. Lieber, I believe
it is, has been fixed by the suggestion of the
Mexican commissioner, and with the concur-
rence of our own commissioner, at $6,000, and
the Mexican Government have made provision
for paying their portion, and if we should fail
to appropriate the proportion that is due by
our Government it would result, as stated by
the Secretary of State, in a violation of the
engagement we have entered into with the
Mexican Government. I therefore offer the
following amendment, to come in just before
the amendments to that same clause on page
15, after line three hundred and fifty-seven:
"lor compensation of umpire, $3,000." ,
The amendment was agreed to; |
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to call attention
now to the action of the committee ou page 2,
line twenty-two. The Committee on Appro-
priations recommended that the word "six"
should be stricken out and "twelve" inserted.
They also recommended that in the twenty-
fourth line the words "two clerks at $l,i;oo
each" should be inserted. The amendment
was disagreed to in Committee of the Whole,
and I now wish to renew that amendment. If
that should beadopted Iproposethen to make
a motion to strike out, beginning with the word
"two," in the twenty-sixth line, and ending
with the word "dollars," in the twenty-eighth
line, striking out two messengers.
In regard to this amendment, I will say that
a careful examination of this subject shows
that these twelve clerks are and have been
regularly employed the entire year in the Sec-
retary's office; that the appropriation has been
as regularly made for temporary clerks, and
these men are actually employed, have been
actually paid, and that it is not only no increase
of the appropriation, buttakinginto considera-
tion the fact that the committee and the Sen-
ate have indorsed the action of the committee
in thus doing, have stricken out $5,000 from
the contingent miscellaneous items on page
line ninety-two, it actually reduces the appro-
priation for the Secretary's office by the sum
of $2,796 60 from the sum appropriated by
the bill as it came to us from the House. I
hope, therefore, that this amendment which
the committee suggested, as it does not involve
any increase of the appropriation, but does
put the force in the office of the Secretary on
such a basis that we shall understand exactly
what it is, will be adopted.
Mr. COLE. I hope my colleague on the
committee will not insist upon this amend-
ment. The matter was fully discussed in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and the Senate, after full
deliberation on the subject, concluded to leave
the organization of that office as it is, for
another year, at least. I hope he will not insist
on his amendment at this time, but let us get
through with the bill—I believe this is the only
obstacle—or let us have the vote at once.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator will allow
me, I think the amendment was discussed be-
fore on the idea that it was an increase of the
appropriation, which was not the fact. It was
defeated on the ground that it was regarded as
an increase of the appropriation, which is not
shown by the figures to be true.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me inquire of the
committee what is the amount appropriated
for temporary service in the Secretary's office?
Mr. SAWYER. The temporary service is
stricken out entirely.
Mr..POMEROY. Then I should like to ask
the Senator if he believes that the Secretary's
office requires the same force the year round,
all the time, that is needed during that portion
of the time when Congress is in session?
Mr. SAWYER. I only say this: that as a
matter of fact, the clerks that have been em-
ployed are precisely those which it is proposed
novv to pay; and they have been employed
during the entire year.
Mr. POMEROY. All I have to say is if
they have been employed the entire year that
it is unnecessary to employ them the entire
year.
Mr. SAWYER. I shall not enter into a
discussion of that matter. I only say the Sec-
retary of the Senate gives a different ooinion
altogether.
Mr. POMEROY. When Congress is in
session, and toward the close of the session,
there must be extra help and temporary clerks,
but they are not needed the year round, and
nobody ever employed them the year round
either. I am talking about the whole force
now.
Mr. SAWYER. I mean to say that tha
clerks who are regularly employed the entire
year through in the office of the Secretary of
the Senate are twelve, and have-been twclvft
