1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1438
for several years, and we provide only for six
regular clerks by our appropriations.
Mr. POMEROY. I took pains enough to
investigate a portion of this subject, and 1 find
that in the office of the Executive Clerk, which
is embraced in the Senator's amendment,
there are two assistant clerks, when he says
himself he needs but one, and yet you keep
two there.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator has different
information entirely from what I have on the
subject.
Mr. POMEROY. I have mine from the
Executive Clerk himself.
Mr. SAWYER. I have mine directly from
the Executive Clerk and the chief of the
oflice.
Mr. POMEROY. He assured me that he
could get along with one assistant, and he has
got two, and you keep them up. If you want
to employ temporary clerks when there is a
pressure, toward the close of the session, I
have no objection; but because you want them
then we are not called upon to make them
permanent clerks all the year round, and no
Senator should urge it.
Mr. SAWYER. I dislike extremely the
tone in which the Senator chose to make his
last remark, i think any Senator on this floor
should urge anything that he thinks is proper.
Mr. POMEROY. So do I.
Mr. SAWYER. I think this measure is
not only entirely proper, but if the Senator
had taken the pains to inquire as carefully
about it as I have he would be better informed
than he evidently is. I state again, Mr. Presi-
dent, that this lorce, unless there is no trust
to be put in the veracity of the officers of the
Senate, is constantly employed here; and fur-
ther, that it is necessary; that it is constantly
paid; and my proposition will let us know
exactly what we are paying for, while under
the present system they will be paid as much
under another head and in another manner,
and we shall not know what we are paying.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator told us that
there was no appropriation for special clerk
hire. I do not think that is so myself; but he
says that was stricken out, which I do not
think is true. I cannot find that it is stricken
out in the bill. I believe $10,000 is appropri-
ated for that purpose.
Sir. COLE. There is an appropriation of
310,000 in the bill now for that purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. Then the chairman of
the committee is better informed than some
members of the committee are.
Mr. SAWYER. There will be no appro-
priation for special clerk hire if you adopt
this amendment, because this amendment pro-
poses to strike out that appropriation.
Mr. POMEROY. The chairman tells me
there will be an appropriation for that purpose,
and that is my understanding, and if there is
not, there ought to be. There should be extra
clerks employed a portion of the year ; and if
the committee have not seen to it that there
is money appropriated to employ these special
clerks, then they ought to see to it. That is
all I have to say.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I remember
that a ship-master once came home, and in set-
tling up with his owner he rendered his account,
and in it was $100 for a suit of clothes. The
owner said : "This has been a hard year, and
although I have always allowed that to you, I
think hereafter I shall not be able to do it."
''Very well; strike it out." The nest year
came around, and when the ship-master pre-
sented his account again the owner said to
him: " Well, captain, you havenotgotin that
$100 for a suit of clothes." "Oh, replied
the captain, "it is there, but you do not see
it." [Laughter.] Now, Mr. President, the
appropriation for your twelve regular clerks is
there, but yon do not see it. I prefer to see
it. If the amendment which I have proposed
should be adopted I shall move to strike out
ia tie sixty-ninth lino, on the fourth page, the
appropriation of $10,000 for temporary clerks,
because the appropriation which I suggest
here will be used any way. If you call them
regular clerks, or call them temporary clerks,
the twelve clerks will be employed all the time.
If the bill is amended as I suggest, I repeat,
the appropriation will be $2,796 60 less than
it would have been as the Senate left it.
Mr. -POMEROY. Now, the Senator has
made himself understood. He does say now
that there is $10,000 appropriated for tem-
porary clerks, which he proposes to strike out.
Then he proposes to leave us with twelve per-
manent clerks and nothing else. Is that it?
Mr. SAWYER. Does not the Senator know
that there is an appropriation in this bill for
miscellaneous items, as there is in every appro-
priation bill of this kind ?
Mr. POMEROY. Is there a miscellaneous
item at the disposal of the Secretary of the
Senate?
Mr. SAWYER. Always.
Mr. POMEROY. What is the amount of
that?
Mr. SAWYER. We cut it down $5,000.
Mr. POMEROY. Then you leave $5,000
for this special service?
Mr. SAWYER. No, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. What do you do?
Mr. SAWYER. I will state to the Senator
that there is an appropriation here '' for mis-
cellaneous items, exclusive of labor, $25,000,''
as the Senate have agreed to it; but as the
House sent the bill here it was $30,000. Now,
these " miscellaneous items, exclusive of
labor," are intended, I suppose, to pay a vari-
ety of expenses of the Senate, and undoubt-
edly would go to pay the expenses of clerk-
hire at the end of the session, if that were
necessary.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator believe
that we need as many clerks the year round as
we do toward the close of a session?
Mr. SAWYER. I am not the Secretary of
the Senate; but the Secretary of the Senate
informs me that he does employ twelve regular
clerks.
Mr. POMEROY. That is not the question.
Mr. SAWYER. And that he needs them
all the time.
Mr. POMEROY. The point I make is,
that there should be an appropriation for this
special service of clerk-hire, which every Sec-
retary has to use toward the close of a session.
Mr. SAWYER. I know as a matter of fact
that the Secretary does, at the close of the ses-
sion, take clerks from the positions which
they ordinarily fill and put them on the extra
work that then arises; and lie makes up this
extra labor in that way.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know anything
about this permanent force. I never had a
clerk appointed there, aud never expect to
have, and never asked to have.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not wish to prolong
this discussion. I am satisfied that this amend-
ment will save money; I am satisfied that
it is an honest, fair way of doing it; and I am
satisfied that the other way is not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that both Senators, under the fourth rule,
have spoken twice on this one subject, [laugh-
ter,] and cannot speak upon it again unless
by unanimous consent the Senate consents to
waive the rule. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from South Carolina.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now state to the Senator from South Carolina
that the sum of $30,000, to which he has re-
ferred, was not reduced to $25,000 as he sup-
posed in his remarks, but that amendment was
disagreed to on the suggestion of the Senator
from California, the acting chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, after the in-
crease of clerks was rejected by the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On page 11, I think
there should be an amendment in the appro-
priation which is made to pay the judgments
of the Court of Claims. As it now reads it
provides—
To pay sueh judgments of the Court of Claims,
now unsatisfied and in force as were rendered on or
before the 1 sfc day of July, 1870.
This appropriation bill is, as I understand
it, for the next fiscal year, for the year ending
June 30, 1872, and this is an appropriation to
pay judgments that were rendered before the
1st day of July, 1870. That would be a defi-
ciency ; and there is no appropriation at all
for the judgments hereafter rendered.
The controversy in regard to the Court of
Claims which at one time existed, and which
led to an amendment of the law, was this: the
Court of Claims, as originally organized, ren-
dered judgments which were reported to Con-
gress, and Congress made an appropriation to
pay each judgment. The Supreme Court de-
cided that no appeal lay from such judgments,
and we afterward amended the law and made
the judgments of the Court of Claims final
without coming to Congress, and then allowed
appeals to the Supreme Court. That is the
existing law.
Now, this appropriation, as the clause stands,
is merely to pay past judgments; and if the law
be changed in this respect it will cut off the
appeals to the Supreme Court. That is the
very ground on which they held that they had
no appeal originally, that the judgment was
not final in the Court'of Claims. It seems to
me that this appropriation, instead of reading
" to pay such judgments oftheCourt of Claims
now unsatisfied and in force as were rendered
on or before the 1st day of July, 1870," should
read, "to pay judgments of the Court of
Claims," no matter when they were rendered,
whether before or after. I move to strike out
the word "such," after ''pay," and also the
words " now unsatisfied and in force, as were
rendered on or before the 1st day of July,
1870;"' so as to read "to pay judgments of
the Court of Claims." I think that amend-
ment must be made, or this Bill will change
the character of the Court of Claims; and I
am sure the Committee on Appropriations do
not intend that.
Mr. COLE. I appreciate the criticism of the
Senator from Illinois upon the position of this
appropriation. It is, to be sure, found in a
bill that appropriates for the next year, and
yet it is to pay indebtedness that now exists,
judgments that are existing 
Mr. TRUMBULL. And that existed prior
to July last.
Mr. COLE. I agree with the Senator that a
more proper place for it would have been in
some one of the bills that are to come up here-
after; perhaps the deficiency bill; but this
item appears in this bill under the head of
the Court of Claims, as it was sent to us from
the House of Representatives. In the book
of estimates I find, on page 209, tipon which I
have no doubt the House acted in putting the
clause into this bill, "payment of judgments
which may be rendered by the court." That
is the form in which it is there. I do not
know but that the chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary is right in his criticism as to
the form of the clause.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It clearly ought to be
"to pay judgments of the Court of Claims,"
like the estimate. Otherwise there wonld be
no necessity for the appropriation.
Mr. COLE. I shall not resist the amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] submitted an amend-
ment, which the Chair understands he desires
to propose in the Senate. It will now be
reported.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, which was on page 4, line seventy-six,
after the word " committees," to insert:
Pi-veiJeJ, That from and aftor the present ses-
