608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
tb build this road; and they stand to-day poor.
They wait upon the actions of this House. If
this grant shall be extended, as ten other grants
have been extended since I have been a mem-
ber of this body under similar circumstances,
they see there is hope for them. If we pass
this bill this region will be opened up and
developed; but refuse our prayer, and you
send back to beggary and hopelessness thou-
sands of our citizens, who are anxiously wait-
ing our action on this bill.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to ask but one
question. Is there anything in this btll to
prevent the railroad company from selling
the timber on this land in larger quantities
than one hundred and sixty acres? Can it
not sell one thousand or five thousand acres ?
Mr. PAINE. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana will of course cut off that
privilege.
Mr. COBURN. Prevent the Bale of the
timber ?
Mr. PAINE. Certainly.
Mr. COBURN. There is not a word in the
bill preventing the sale of the timber in quan-
tities of one thousand or ten thousand acres.
Mr. J [JLIAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin a question.
Mr. PAINE. Certainly.
Mr. JULIAN. I understand the necessity
of this enterprise ; but I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin whether, if the amend-
ment I have offered be adopted, the railroad
company will not get §2 .50 per acre, and
whether these lands are not as valuable to life
landless poor as to the railroad company? 1
propose to look both to the interests of the
railway company and the interests of the actual
settler.
Mr. PAINE. I will answer the question
of the gentleman as well as I can.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. The gentle-
man from Indiana says he proposes to look
to the interest of Ctie railroad company. Did
ho not vote to lay this bill on the table but a
little while ago?
Mr. JULIAN. I did vote to lay it on the
table, because I saw an effort on the part
of its friends to rush it through without any
restriction.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Had the gen-
tleman any reason for that supposition?
Mr. .! LILIAN. I think I might have seen
with half an eye many reasons for that suppo-
sition.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I think if the
gentleman had used a whole eye lie would have
seen plainer.
Mr. PAINE. I will answer as well as I can
the question of the gentleman from Indiana.
If hi.s amendment, is adopted, and these lands
sold for $2 60 an acre to actual settlers, then,
in order to sell them at all, the railroad must
meet this state ot facts. The gentleman knows,
and every man on this lloor knows, that those
individuals will erect a saw-mill lor cutting
the timber. The result will be monopolies in
timber, for their employ6s, who virtually belong
to them, will take possession of these lands;
so that instead of going to the benefit of the
lailroad company, the gentleman will turn them
over to the benefit ot another class of men,
not individuals, but large corporations. The
result ot that will be these settlers will not, as
the gentleman would have them, get these
lands, nor will the railway company derive ben-
efits trom these lands in the construction of
this road ; and the consequence will be the
road will not be built.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker,ifthisHouse
intends to adopt this scheme, this amendment
should certainly be made a part of it, unless,
indeed, this House has determined to turn its
tack on all actual settlers, and embrace this
corporal ion with all its grasping propensities.
It is a wise provision, and, as the chairman of
the Committee on the Public Lands has told
you, it has been put into nearly every bill by
which land grants have been made.
And now, while I am on the floor, I may as
well .say something which I had intended to
say upon the merits of the bill. It is well
known that I have uniformly resisted here, to
the best of my ability, all these schemes, tip
to this time Congress has parted with one eighth
of the public domain of the country, to the di-
rect injury—at least, three fourths of it—of
the actual settlers. I say it cannot be success-
fully denied that three fourths of this land has
been actually given to speculators who have
done the greatest possible injury to the devel-
opment, in an agricultural point of view, of
the public domain.
I have here a petition which justifies rae in
my past course in reference to these schemes
and all like it. I have resisted them all; and
I have, from my own State, from every sec-
tion ot it, received letters in approval of my
course in that particular. When I undertook
to present a petition, coming from the State
of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Wash-
MM,] himself', the attempt was made to cut
me off. I ask that the Clerk will now read
the remonstrance against the passage of this
act, which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the. honorable the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United titatci of America in Congress
assembled :
Your niomoriuli.it?, citizens and inhabitants of
northwestern "Wisconsin, lospeottully represent that
on the 3d day of J une, ]>■: 'iG, a sennit of land v/n made
by Congress to the State of Wisconsin to aid in the
construction of a hue ot railro id irom tho tit. Croix
river or lake to (ho west end of Lake Superior and to
Bavlicld; thatbysaid art srrid railroad was required
to bo completed in ten years, or said land grant, for-
feited; that said grant was transferred by the State
to the St. Croix and Lake Superior lt,i,ilroa.d Com-
pany, upon condition that said lailroad should be
completed a* required by said act of Congress; that
no part ofsaid line of way wa^ completed within the
time limited, and, upon tho inoH positive promises
to at once commence the construction of tho road,
Congress was induced, on the ot.h day ot .May, IStif,
to extend tho time, and continued the grant lor live
years; that the promises to commence the construc-
tion of the road and prosecute it in good faitli have
been made Iroui timo to timo during the fourteen
years a.nd more; that tho country upon the line of
the road has been cursed and its prosperity blighted
by this immense giant ol the public domain. Du-
ring these years, instead of constructing the road, the
company lias been engaged in collecting stumpage
off tho pino lauds, eleven twelfths of which (amount-
ing (o many thousands ol dollars) have been embez-
zled under color of paying agents to colleotit, as may
be seen, reference being had to the proceedings of
our State Legislature.
That no partofsaid railroadhas been constructed.
During thepresent session of the Sta.te Legislature
the corporation lias been galvanized, and, under a
new name, and, perhaps, with other corporators
named, are now asking a third exteusion of this
grant, to tho manilest injury of this section of tile
State. Tho odd sections have boen entirely with-
drawn from Settlement, and the even sections raised
to $2 f>0 per acre, without the least probability that
the railroad, which is the consideration for sueh
enhanced price, will ever bo constructed. Almost
lifteen j eais have elapsed, and nothing has been as
yet realized save the promises made tiom year to
year, m order to piocure extensions.
The counties ol Jlamet, Dalles, Chippewa, Ash-
land, a.nd other counties upon tho line of this road,
have been, in consequence of this grant, excluded
almost entirely trom the immigration flowing into
other portions of ttie State.
We regard the present, application for an extension
of this grant as a mere repetition of tormer promises,
alike speculative and unsubstantial.
Wo most respectfully and earnestly protest against
any legislation that will iu anywise tend tc prevent
the development of tho agricultural and lumbering
interests ot this section of the State; that all these
lands may be open to homestead preemption and set-
tlement at the price of SI 25 per acre, and that if aid
is in any form to be extended to this raihoad com-
pany it should only be given in a portion ot the pro-
ceeds of these lauds, the sale of which, it. is essential
to the prosperity ot this section, should be made by
the United States, uncontrolled by any corporation,
and, as far as possible, secured to actual, bond Jide
settlers upon the agricultural lands, and so as to give
a preference in the sate of pine timber lands to resi-
dents actually engaged in tho lumber business.
Your petitioners will ever pray, ka. ■
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, those who
have carefully listened to the reading o{ that
petition or remonstrance will discover from it
the importance of adopting the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Jtii.iax.] I have said that this question of
land grants has agitated the country; I now
say that I think the public opinion and judg-
ment of the country are adverse to all schemes
sueh as the one now proposed to be adopted,
which, with entire respect to those who advo-
cate it, I conceive to be nothing more nor less
than a wild scheme. So distinct a shape did
opposition to these schemes take in my own
State prior to the last election that all the can-
didates for seats in Congress were interrogated
by the Labor Union people there, and I among
the rest, and were asked for specific answers
upon this point. I told them that I never
had, so far as I could recollect, voted for the
giving away of the public domain, and so fat-
as I was then advised I would never so vote
as long as such a policy interfered with the
actual settlers in their preemption rights. I
am therefore much surprised to see the posi-
tion taken on this floor in reference to this hill
by my three colleagues Irom the Philadelphia
district of my own State. They, too, were
interrogated. They all answered. And I will
just call the attention of my friend from the
fourth district to his answer in that particular.
If 1 mistake not—and if I am mistaken let
him correct me—he declared over his own sig-
nature that he would not vote in favor of any
of those land grants; only he made, I confess,
a manly exception in favor of the Southern
Pacific railroad ; and yet I find, much to my
surprise, as I doubt not the Labor Union
people will find to their surprise, that gentle-
man giving his steady vote on this floor in favor
of this doubtful scheme, to say the least of it.
Mr. MYEliS. I desire to ask my colleague
whether the allusion he has just made is to
myself.
Mr. RANDALL. I alluded to my colleague
from the fourth district, [Mr. Kdllky.] I will
come to you next. Yes, Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman who now interrogates me also answered.
His answer, I am aware, was concealed in a
mist of language, but his intent was clear, and
he was accepted as a candidate in the interest
of labor reform because of the letter which he
wrote in answer. I care not whether the lan-
guage of his letter was equivocal or not. It
satisfied the minds of the Labor Union people
that he was against any of these schemes of
plunder of the public domain.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire my colleague to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. RANDALL. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. I have not forgotten any
letter that I wrote to my constituents, and I
do not feel that I am departing from anything
that I said in reviving a grant partly executed
and which can only be revived by making a
slight addition, as I understand it, of six thou-
sand acres to this grant. I will take care of
myself with my constituents.
Mr. RANDALL. It is two million acres,
as I understand it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Thegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] need
not apologize for voting tor a grant that is
going to pour the wealth of the Northwest into
his city of Philadelphia.
Mr. KELLEY. I have no apologies to
make.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not mean that tho
public settlers shall be robbed for the benefit
of any section, even my own.
Mr. KELLEY. I repeat that I have no
apologies to make.
Mr. RANDALL. Then adopt the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I will reply
to all that the gentleman has said. He is not
correctly informed about this matter.
Mr. RANDALL. I know a great d e;;l mora
than the gentleman wishes I knew. What I
do not know personally I have been informed
of; and my information comes from the State
of W isconsin itself, and from other sections of
the West.
Now, a word as to these petitions, for I
understand the petitions are to be impugned.
I hese petitions were placed in my hands by
a gentleman, formerly of Philadelphia, who,
