1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1435
and poor widows or fathers who are riot able
to support them either by their labor or by
their property; that these boys shall hold
their places for a session ; that that shall be
the term of officc for which each boy shall
hold his place; that he may be dismissed
for incompetence or neglectof duty by the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, with the approval of the Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses; and I trust
that the proposition in that form will pass.
There are fourteen orphan boys that may be
provided for in this way by having the posi-
tion of page upon the floor of the Senate. The
proposition requires that the Sergeant-at-Arms
shall appoint boys under seventeen years of
age, the children of widows or of fathers who
are not able to support them, and that they
shall hold their places for the term of a ses-
sion and shall not be subject to a removal at
his will and pleasure.
IIow many women, poor and destitute, who
are now about to be turned out of their humble
tenements in this city, and some of whom and
their children go supperlessto bed, "how many
women in that condition of life are there in this
city? There are many. The Senate, I admit,
is not a body for the dispensation of charity;
it is not an eleemosynary institution; but
when there is a place that may be filled by a
sprightly boy, under seventeen years of age,
whose parent, widowed, is in want and in des-
titution, I ask every Senator if the first im-
pulse of his heart is not to give such a place
to such a boy ?
In my position as a member of this commit-
tee, I said to the Senate a few days ago that
various women had applied to me for positions
for their sons upon the Senate floor. They
told a simple story of destitution, of bereave-
ment, of death of fathers, of poverty, of
:-qualid want; and spoke ill plaintive notes,
in notesthatwere calculated to move any man's
heart, of the want in which they are placed,
and how it would be alleviated by a sou being
etnoloyed in the Senate Chamber.
The honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Cragix,] when I adverted to these
cases, said in his own language that these
women would lie. No, sir, the women who
have appealed to me are not women who lie.
if they do, they belie all the nature of woman ;
they belie her manner ; they belie her unmis-
takable sorrow and humility in her destitute
condition. One of these women was recom-
mended to me by the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] in very complimentary terms. She
came to see me again and again ; she pleaded
her poverty, her want; she did it in a few
simple and proper words. She was in mourn-
ing weeds, and those weeds were worn and
soiled, and she told me that she was in the
utmost need. Another one sent her son to
me two or three times. She is living in an
humble tenement giving ten dollars a month
rent; she is now iu arrears for rent and has
received notice that unless her rent is paid
she must yield np the tenement. She has no
means, no resources by which to raise this
rent. She had a son employed at the last
session as a page in the Senate, and he tells
me that he folded as many as three thousand
speeches a day. He comes to me and pleads
to me, and 1 have referred him again and
again to the Sergeant-at-Arms for employ-
ment to keep his mother under the humble
roof which she fills as a tenant at will, and
which an inexorable landlord tells her she
must surrender unless the rent is paid.
Well, now, Mr. President, if each of these
places of page in the Senate, fourteen in num-
ber. were given to ap orphan boy, who is in
the poverty.and deep distress of the one that
approached me yesterday, not for him exclu-
sively, not for him mainly, but for his mother,
his poor, bereaved, indigent, poverty-stricken
mother, to keep away gaunt want from her
humble fireside, how muoh of alleviation and
comfort would these piaees give to fourteen!
such widows 1
Sir, I say that this is a subject too sacred,
too tender, that it addresses itself too strongly
to all the noblest emotions of the human heart,
to become a subject of plunder and of "spoils."
I cannot speak my deep detestation, my utter
abhorrence of the spirit that would distribute
or refuse to give these humble employments
which a few sprightly poor boys might perform
for the Senate and the members of the Senate,
upon the principle of "spoils!"
I trust, Mr. President, that this amendment
will be adopted for the protection and security
of Hodgson, that gallant and competent engin-
eer who is now serving us in the lowest story
of this Capitol so capably, with so much excel-
lence and proficiency in his profession. He
has to go with one calf less than he went into
battle, and consequently he is deprived of the
capacity which before he had of making a liv-
ing in an active and a laborious employment;
but he is now in a position which he is compe-
tent to fill, and he brings such high testimonials
of his capacity to fill it that I trust the Senate
will hold him in that position. I trust that
the Senate will make the Sergeant-at-Arms but
its almoner, that so far as it can distribute its
patronage for the alleviation of poverty and
distress, to feed the widow and the orphan, to
give them honest shelter, to give them humble
succor and a little fuel to warm their humble
homes, it will so dispose of this little patronage
as to contribute as largely as possible to the
alleviation of this misery and poverty and want
in the way that I have suggested, and that the
Senate will retain that provision of the last
appropriation bill which was framed and pre-
sented and adopted upon the recommendation
of Senator Perry ; at any rate that it will per-
mit that provision to remain until he returns
to take his seat among us so that he may have
an opportunity of vindicating his actions to the !
Senate. I trust that this matter will not be
given up as "spoils,'' either as it regards this
assistant engineer or these boy pages in the
Senate.
Mr. CUAG1N. Mr. President, the partic-
ular matter to which the Senator from Ken-
tucky has last alluded certainly is not'a ques-
tion before the Senate. When the amend-
ment was pending to strike out the provision
in the appropriation bill requiring the appoint-
ments and removals of messengers to be with
the concurrence of the Committee on Con-
tingent Expenses, the Senate refused to strike !
it out, and there is now no question about '
retaining the law as it was suggested by the
Senator from Connecticut. There is now no
motion, and no intention, so far as I know, to
strike that out at all. I do not rise, either, to
oppose the amendment of the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky in relation to the pages ;
but some things have fallen from his lips, and
some statements have been made by him, in
relation to the action of the Sergeant-at-Arms
in regard to this engineerHodgson, that I think
should be corrected, or, at least, something
should be said on the other side.
The documents which the honorable Senator
has read here to-day were presented to me
about two years ago, and I recommended, on
the faith of those documents, this engineer,
Hodgson, for appointment in the heating and
ventilating department of the Senate ; and he
was appointed by the present Sergeant-at-Arms,
and for two years he has held that place; and
he ought to be thankful for so much certainly.
I knew nothing about his removal or how it
came about until he came to me himself, as he
came to the Senator from Kentucky. I told
him I would inquire into the matterand ascer-
tain if I could whether there was any reason
for his removal. I did inquire into the matter.
1 went to headquarters. I went to the chief
engineer and to the Sergeant-at-Arms, and I
found that there were some charges against this
man. I shall not here saj? anything to-day, I
trust, that will do him any injustice. I shall not
but the Senator from Kentucky is certainly
mistaken when he says that he is so entirely
competent for this position, or the chief en-
gineer is mistaken. The chief engineer made
charges against him to the Sergeant-at-Arms,
and on those charges, or the representations
of the chief engineer, he was given notice that
his services would not be required after the
15 th. The Senator from Kentucky says that
he is now down in the basement here perform-
ing duties. I would say to the Senator that
while he was addressing the Senate X was in-
formed by a man from the heating and ven-
tilating department that this man Hodgson
has not been there to-day, and is away at this
moment, without leave.
Mr. DAVIS. I reckon he has been kicked
out.
Mr. CBAGIN. Not at all. He has been
in the habit of going away from there day after
day without leave, and has been gone for two
days at a time.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make an explanation ?
Mr. CRAGIN. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. Why was not that default,
then, in the performance of his duty reported
by the Sergeant-at-Arms to the committee?
Mr. CRAGIN. I happen to be temporarily
on the committee; bat no one ever brought
this case to my notice until after this removal;
and I understand that by the law it was not
necessary to bring it before the committee.
The law that was passed last year, on the mo-
tion of Mr. Ferry, as my friend says, applies
only to the pages and messengers. It has no
reference in terms, certainly, to men in the
heating and ventilating department. The Ser-
geant-at-Armsappointed this man without con-
sulting the committee, as he has made his
other appointments. It may be that the Vice
President should have been consulted; but by
this law, that the Senator from Kentucky refers
to, it is not necessary to consult the committee.
I know I was not consulted at all, and knew
nothing about it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to make one sug-
gestion about all this legislation in limine. It
is taking from the Senate the control over its
own officers, which should be exercised by reso-
lution, and giving it to the two Houses jointly.
If we put our own regulations into a law of
Congress we cannot alter them, we cannot
exercise control over our own officers unless
we get the permission of the House of Repre-
sentatives to repeal the legislation. Whether
these amendments be right or not, it is very
certain that they should be offered as resolu -
tions for the Senate, and the House should
have nothing to do with them.^
Mr. STEWART. The Senate is very thin,
and I think we are obviously not going to fin-
ish this bill.
Mr. COLE. I hope we shall finish it before
we adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to move an ad-
journment, [•' No!" "No !"] Itisamotion
I seldom submit, but from what I learn there
are several other questions to come up that
involve debate, and we ought to have a full
Senate to settle them. This is a motion I sel-
dom make; but I insist on making the motion
and taking the sense of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator withdraw it
for a moment ?
Mr. STEWART. I do not wish _ to cut off
any gentleman. I will withdraw it if the Sen-
ator will renew it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will renew it. The amend-
ment I propose will bring the matter precisely
in the position in which the Senator from
Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony] desires to place
it. It will give to the Senate the power over
its own employes, if the amendment that I
propose is adopted. I ask that it be read. It
proposes to strike out three lines of the bill
and insert other matter.
Mr. SCOTT, A subject has been drawn in
hers Incidentally on which I deem it but jus-
