1436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
tice to the Sergeant-at-Arms to say a word.
The engineer referred to is a Pennsylvania!!.
As such he came to me early with the very
recommendations which have been read by
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.]
Upon the examination of them, I think I was
one of the persons who recommended his ap-
pointment to the Sergeant-at-Arms. Possibly
it was upon those recommendations and others
that he was appointed. Recently that officer
came to me complaining that he was about to
be dismissed. I did not deem- it my duty to
undertake to regulate the relations existing
between the chief engineer and the assistant;
but as hie was one of my constituents, I said this
to him: "Do you go to the Sergeant-at-Arms
and send him to me; I will request for you a
fair hearing and a fair trial, if there are any
charges against you; if you are deserving, as
I believe you are as a patriot, from your recom-
mendations, I will ask him to retain you; if
not, then you ought to go." I have only to
say that, upon inquiry of the Sergeant-at-Arms,
I learn that he never did make the request of
the Sergeant-at-Arms that he should come to
tne on the subject. That is all I know about it.
I state that in justice to the Sergeant-at-Arms
after what has occurred this morning. I do
further desire to say that I indorse all that has
been said in regard to the services and former
character of Mr. Hodgson.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
to state to the Senator that by the law now
upon the statute-book the messengers of the
Senate and the pages of the Senate can only
be appointed or removed upon the recom-
mendation of the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate. That law doe3 not include, as the Chair
has examined the statutes repeatedly, the en-
gineer's department and some other depart-
ments, as the office of the Secretary of the
Senate. And the Chair desires to give this
notice to the Senate, that where officers not
included in this statute shall remain under
his supervision, any one who absents himself
without leave of his superior officer the Chair
will consent to the removal of. The Chair
knows nothing of this Mr. Hodgson, but he
will not consent that any subordinate shall
leave the duties devolving upon him without
leave of his superior officer.
Mr. DAVIS. One word. I presume that
such consent to the dismissal of an officer in
such default would be just as readily assented
to by the Committee on the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate as by the President of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
no doubt of'that also. He only desired to
state in regard to those matters which have
been by intention, or otherwise, left under his
supervision, the general rule that governs his
conduct in regard to employ6s under his super-
vision.
Mr. COLE. I wish to remind the Senate
again of the condition of business, as I regard
it my duty to do. We have discussed upon
this bill every conceivable general question,
and we have now approached the point of dis-
cussing individuals, and there are a good many
millions of them in the United States. There
are, I think, about fifty thousand officers, and
there is plenty of room on this bill to discuss
every office-holder in the country. This is in-
troduced here, whether in good faith or not I
cannot say, and will not attempt to determine,
but there seems to bo a determination on the
part of some members of this body to crowd
off legislation. This is the 20th of February,
and we are approaching the end of the session.
Senators well know that the business is very
much behind. They are trying to throw the
responsibility upon somebody; they are try-
ing to put the responsibility upou some party,
and 1 think the Senate should at this time take
notice of the fact.
There is no necessity for bringing.any such
questions into this debate and no reason for it;
and I certainly will not express my opinion
that there is any good faith in it. If there is,
it is a subject of very great doubt on the part
of some-. Now I hope we may have a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from California that he
doubts whether it is proper to say that any
amendment is not offered in good faith by a
Senator. The Chair thinks it must be pre-
sumed that all Senators propose their amend-
ments in good faith.
Mr. COLE. If I have transgressed the
rules of the body I withdraw the remark. I
hope the Senate will stand by me until we dis-
pose of this bill, if it takes a much later time
than this. I hope the Senator from Nevada
will not move an adjournment.
Several Senators. Let us finish the bill.
Mr. COLE. Yes, let us finish this bill. If
we do not get through with this, what are
we going to do when we approach the other
appropriation bills? Time can be wasted on
others as well as on this. This is not the only
bill that is to take time. If there is a disposi-
tion on tho part of the Senate to waste time it
can be done on any of these bills. Now I ask,
in view of what has taken place to-day, as well
as what has taken place during the last week,
that the Senate shall stand by me and get rid
of this bill to-day, even if it takes to a late
hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky.
Mr. POMEROY. Would not this be a good
time for acting on my amendment to the rule
as to appropriation bills?
Mr. STEWART. If that is to be discussed
I shall move an adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out lines eighty-two, eighty-three, eighty-
four, and in lieu thereof insert:
Provided, That the pages employed in the Senate
Chamber shall be appointed by the Sergeant-at-
Arms from the sons of poor and destitute parents
who are unable to support them and who are under
seventeen years of age, each page to hold his place
during the session at which he is appointed, to be
ineligible for the next session, and to be subject to
removal for non-performance of duty; and the Ser-
geant-at-Arms shall have power to remove employes
of the Senate only for incompetence or neglect of
duty, and upon the approval of the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent .Expenses of the
Senate.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. Now I ask for a vote on my
other amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky moves to add at the close of the
same paragraph, line eighty-four, the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That from and after the present session
of the Senate a clerk shall be allowed only to the
committees named, as follows: the Committee on
foreign Relations, Committee on Finance, Commit-
tee on Appropriations, Committee on Commerce,
Committee on Military Alfairs, Committee on the
Judiciary, Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, Committee on Public Lands, Committee on
Indian Affairs, Committee on Claims, Committee
on Patents, Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, Committee on Territories, Committee on
the District of Columbia, and the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. DAVIS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say one word in explan-
ation of the amendment. It is made the duty
of the committee of which I am a member to
revise all the contingent expenses of the Sen-
ate, and in the performance of that duty we
ascertained that there were eight or ten com- '
mittees that had no occasion whatever for
clerks. We thought that a committee that
had no duty to perform had no necessity for
a clerk, and therefore we agreed that the
clerks of committees that had no duties to
be performed should be discontinued. If
there is a chairman of any committee which
committee is not allowed by this proposition
a clerk who will say to the Senate that his
committee has occasion for a clerk, so far as
my vote will go, he shall have it; but 1 do
not see the justice, the economy, or the neces-
sity of allowing clerks to committees which
have no duties to perform. All committees
that are in that predicament as to business
ought not to have clerks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Kentucky in the
mannerin which it is offered, as an amendment
to this bill, I should not be willing to vote for.
I think there is great force in what the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island has said, that the
Senate should regulate by resolution matters of
this kind and determine whether committees
should be entitled to clerks or not. But if the
Senator from Kentucky would offer it as a
rule of the Senate or a resolution of the Sen-
ate, I, as at present advised, should vote for a
portion of it at any rate. I think myself that
there may be an abuse in this matter. While
we are talking here of reducing expenses in
the country, to allow a half.dozen clerks or
one clerk to a committee that has no business
and that does not meet is not justifiable. It'
it is the policy of the Senate to furnish to each
member of the Senate a clerk, that would be
another question ; but to furnish clerks for
committees that have no business is an indi-
rect way of appropriating the public moneys
which I do not think is justifiable.
Mr. STEWART. I inquire of the Senator
from Illinois if he knows of any such instance ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we have some
committees that seldom meet—probably do
not have more than one or two meetings a ses-
sion, if any. There are some such commit-
tees in the Senate, I think! Soon after I came
to the Senate this subject of committee clerks
was discussed. The Democratic party was
then in power. I remember at that time, ou
investigation, it turned out that there were
some committees of the Senate that did hoc
meet at all. I myself was a member of a
committee when I first came to the Senate that
I never saw any session of for two years; and
yet that committee had a elcrk. The atten-
tion of the Senate was called to it, and a com-
mittee was appointed on the subject, and the
committees of the Senate were revised; and
if you will look at the proceedings at that
time—I think this occurred about 1858—you
will find that the Senate then adopted a reso-
lution by which the clerks of all the commit-
tees were dispensed with excepting those who
had occasion for a clerk, where there was a
propriety in having one. But since that time,
on one occasion and another, a resolution has
been offered in the Senate authorizing the
appointment of clerks to different committees,
until we have, as I understand, clerks for some
committees that have very little business, that
seldom meet, and perhaps do not meet more
than once during a whole session, and those
clerks paid the same as clerks of committees
that have regular meetings and much business
to perform. I think that state of things ou ht
to be corrected, but I do uot think this the
place to do it, in a law.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me a
minute?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that the chair-
man of the Committee on Appiopriations
questioned my good faith in offering this
amendment. Do I understand it aright?
Mr. COLE. No, sir; I did not question the
Senator's good faith in offering the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. That is sufficient. I admit
the propriety of the suggestion made by the
Senator from Illinois,"and I agree with the
suggestion of the honorable and experienced
Senator from Rhode Island, that this bodv
ought to have the perfect control and command
of its own officers; and I agree that it is inap-
propriate to attempt to regulate this matter by
a law that requires the joint action of both
bodies. I therefore withdraw the proposition.
