APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 16,
Senate.
Betrayal of Republican Party in Missouri—-Mr. Drake. 41st Coxg—oi> Ses .
slay the party in cold blood. If it does, then
J am thankful that before I shal l have attained
my colleague's period of longevity in the party,
at which it seems men learn such wicked and
murderous purposes, I shall have gone beyond
the reach of such learning into a more health-
ful sphere of action.
Mr. President, while it is not parliamentary
to impugn the motives of a Senator for any
act done or word spoken on the floor of the
Senate, I take it that it is parliamentary, and
often judicious, to inquire into the motives of
an extraordinary act done here by a Senator
ex mero motu, without provocation. Had my
colleague in the recent election in Missouri
been defeated, I could well understand how
he might have appealed from the verdict of
the Missouri jury to the verdict of the national
jury, and how he might have done it upon this
floor. But, sir, he comes covered with the
crown and glory of victory ; I, with the tatters
and the humiliation of defeat. Why should
he defend his victory before the Senate and
the nation '? Why should he apologize to the
party to which he professes to belong, and to
which he owes all that he is, politically, for a
victory achieved ? I am at a loss for the explana-
tion of this; but, sir, I will venture one or two
suggestions by way of solution.
May it not be, perchance, that my colleague
finds, on coming here this winter, with all the
honors of his victory upon him, that there is
an atmosphere in this Chamber that strikes
through those honors with a chill? May it not
be that when he comes into the presence of
his Republican associates in the Senate, he
feels that there is something about him that
does not reach their hearts as he has reached
them heretofore? And when he holds aloft
his triumphant banner, may it not be that
while he attempts to make it appear a banner
of Republican victory the bar sinister shows it
to be a bastard? I do not wonder then, sir,
that my colleague should desire to have the
damp vapor that hangs between him and the
Republican Senators blown away, if possible,
by the breath of his eloquence. Idonotwonder
that he should try to vindicate himself in their
presence. Whether he has done so or not
will be decided by the verdict which shall be
rendered when this discussion ends.
But, sir, there may be another motive, and
probably a stronger one. He has in his own
State struck down the party that sent him
here, and has got a taste of that blood which
the possession of power can enable a man
to shed in the household of his friends ; and
imagining that perhaps he holds the destinies
of the great Republican party in his hands, to
wield as he will, he comes here to sow the
seeds of that dissension which is to rive that
party in twain from end to end of the land as
he has riven it in Missouri. If that be his
purpose, let him depend upon it that it will fail
here, and that his will be the fate of him
'• who of old would rend the oak, but dreamed
not of the rebound."
Mr. President, the history of the Radical
Union party of Missouri in the last ten years
will one day bo written, and it will prove one
of the mostmteresting and instructivechapters
in the history of the rebellion. There never
was a nobler, truer, braver, more honest party
than the Radical Union party of Missouri. It
saved Missouri •from the rebels, " yet so as by
fire.'' Its struggles were beyond any that the
people of any other border State had to pass
through. It finally, just at the close of the
rebellion, adopted a constitution designed to
secure the control of that State to its loyal
people. I was in the convention that framed
that constitution. I wrote its article on the
right of suffrage containing its disfranchise-
ment provisions. Those provisions were in-
tended to do their work thoroughly; and the
Season why such fierce war lias been jsa.de upon
that constitution was that it did its work thor-
oughly. Those disfranchisement provisions
were not designed to be permanent. The con-
stitution itself conferred power on the Legisla-
ture to remove them after the 1st day of Jan-
uary, 1871.
It is a remarkable feature of the controversy
I have had with my colleague in Missouri that
he and his party demanded the removal of
those disfranchisements at the very point of
time which I had fixed in that constitution to
authorize their removal by the Legislature.
They take to themselves great credit for decid-
ing that the time has now come. Why, sir,
nearly six years ago, when I wrote those pro-
visions, I saw that just now would be the time
to begin to provide for the removal of those
disfranchisements. And, sir, it is another
remarkable feature of all this controversy there
that my colleague and his adherents could not
wait until 1871 dawned and the Legislature
could remove those disfranchisements, but
they must force the question at this time in a
different way. As you will see before I get
through they had a purpose in that; they
forced it that they might destroy the Repub-
lican party in that State.
Mr. President, under that constitution,
adopted in 1865, the progress of Missouri has
been proportionately beyond that of any other
old State in the same length of time. The
picture drawn by my colleague yesterday of
the prosperous condition of Missouri is true.
Had he added to it the great and instructive
fact that in five years five hundred thousand
have been added to the population of that
State under that instrument which I assisted to
prepare and to have adopted, he would have
completed his picture. Has any like addition
been made in that time to the population
of Kentucky or Tennessee, our neighboring
States? No, sir; and why? Because in Mis-
souri loyal men were guaranteed the control;
in Kentucky and Tennessee they were not.
And yet, sir, while the picture drawn by my
colleague is the highest evidence and con-
firmation of the benefit of that constitution to
that people, it at the same time furnishes the
severest condemnation of himself for leading
the Democratic and rebel hosts of that State
to tear down that constitution and turn the
State over to rebel and Democratic control
in the future.
Mr. President, I regret to have it to say, but
it is true, that up to the time liiat my colleague
took up his residence in that State there was
no dissension in the Republican party in regard
to that constitution. In 1860, B. Gratz Brown,
my colleague's candidate for Governor this
year, attempted a movement against that con-
stitution; but it was an utter failure. But
when in 1867 my colleague went to that State,
then began the series of operations which
were to culminate in his recent victory at the
expense of the loyal people of the State. His
presence there seems to have been the one
needed element to precipitate dissension and
the final overthrow of the party that had saved
that State.
There was a well-devised plan of operations
about this, and it showed itself more than a
year ago in the Legislature of Missouri. All
at once the Democracy of Missouri changed
their whole system of tactics. In no other
State in this Union, so far as my knowledge
goes of the history of the Democratic party,
did it ever happen that that party voluntarily
abandoned the field and declined to send any
ticket into it. The Democratic members of
the Missouri Legislature last winter put forth
a manifesto, advising the Democracy through-
out the State to nominate no State ticket in the
coming election. It did not require the sagacity
of a Maehiavelli to know that so unwonted an
act meant mischief. The mischief meant was
shown afterward.
Simultaneously with the withdrawal of the
Democracy from the field in the late election
came another strange movement, the proposal
in the Legislatureof constitutional amendments
to be submitted to the people in the election
of 1870, removing totally the disfranchisement
provisions of our constitution. What was the
necessity for them? The Legislature might
have removed those provisions: why urge
upon the people to vote them out? I will give
you the specious pretext they made for it.
They said: ''If we propose the amendments
the Republicans can vote 'yes' or 'no' upon
them without its causing any division in the
partv; whereas, if we leave it to the Legisla-
ture, there will be division from one end of
the State to the other, and we shall lose every-
thing in the State." That was the adroit
reason given to induce a Republican Legisla-
ture to propose those amendments; but, sir,
when they got them proposed a total change
took place. Then it was that the cloven foot
of that devilish conspiracy which lias given
over that State to the Democracy began to show
itself. It was loudly proclaimed by the con-
spirators that those amendments weie party
issues, and that no man was to be regarded as
a Republican who voted against them. Then
followed quickly a, nomination in the news-
papers of B. Gratz Brown as the candidate in
favor of those amendments, the " liberal" can-
didate, the candidate representing "liberal
views." Then, too, appeared the meaning of
the voluntary retirement, in advance, of the
Democracy from the contest for the State offices,
and of the submission of those amendments ;
for it became as plain as light that the submis-
sion of them was for the express and wicked
purpose of affording in the Republican State
convention the opportunity for consummating
a predetermined bolt from it, the nomination
by the bolters of a separate State ticket, the
support of that ticket by the Democracy en
masse, and a joint warfare by the bolters and
the Democracy against the true and faithful
Republicans: all of which was strictly and
successfully carried out.
Our Republican State convention met in
August. It met only to be disrupted; it met
only to enable my colleague to bolt from it to
organize another convention; it met only to
give back to the confiding constituency that
elected him to the Senate before he had been
two years in tlie State, his thanks for their high
honor in the destruction of their party.
Now, Mr. President, I supposed that my col-
league would desire to present some vindica-
tion before the world for this act of his. He
has taken all the time from the election, on the
7th of November last, till now to prepare his
vindication, and he presented it yesterday. If
he can justify his bolt from that convention,
then it were better for me that 1 open not my
mouthhere; if he cannot justify that bolt from
that tonvention, it were better for him, polit-
ically, had he never been born.
Before I proceed to the graver matteis of
his justification I wish to call attention to one
topic that he brought before this body. I con-
fess my inability to comprehend why he should
have brought it here; but of course my col-
league is his own judge as to what he should
bring here. But as this Senate does not sit a9
a court of appeals from the action of Repub-
lican State conventions, I am at a loss to know
why my colleague should have brought here
the subject of the rule adopted and the action
had in that convention touching representation
there. He complains of the weight uf repie-
sentation given to the colored men, ami say*
that a colored man was allowed to come there
representing a county having only one colored
man in it, while a wlnte man had to repii-sent
one hundred atid forty, or one hundred and
ninety, or some other big number. 1 do not
remember what. Mr. President, if my coJ-
