610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
to take on that point the judgment of my col-
league from the first district. I am here to
vote at all times for any bill which in my judg-
ment is right, whether it grants land or not.
Why should my colleague undertake to degrade
a great question like this into a mere local
issue ?
Mr. BAND ALL. Does the gentleman call
giving away the public domain a local ques-
tion ?
Mr. O'NEILL. I say that my colleague has
endeavored to drag this great measure down
to the level of a mere question of local poli-
tics by arraigning liis Republican colleagues
upon the letters which they wrote on this ques-
tion during a political campaign.
Mr. RANDALL. Yes,sir; 1 have arraigned
yon at the bar of public justice for judgment.
Mr. O'NEILL. Iam ready to answer for
my course at the bar of public opinion. Dur-
ing my public life I have had the habit of
sneaking with frankness, just as I do in per-
sonal transactions. 1 never in these respects
have anything to conceal. If I am asked to
give my opinion I give it. I give it to the man
who is seeking for an office; I give it to the
man who coines here and asks me to vote for
or against a bill; 1 give it to the public when
I am publicly interrogated. And I stand by
what 1 have said and what I have written. In
this case I stand bv the proposition that no
mere speculator and no body of men specu-
lating in railroads or in anything else can get
my vote for granting a single acre of public
land. I shall vote for this bill because I think
it light and believe it will be beneficial to the
country.
Mr. RANDALL. I believe I have nothing
further to sav.
Mr. PISTE US. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him whether this road runs through
Philadelphia?
M r. RANDALL. If it ran right into Phila-
delphia I would not give the public domain in
order to build it-
Mr. MYEllS. I wish to say to my colleague,
in addition, that he went into my district dur-
ing the hist, election and told the people there
that I hail voted time and again for these land
giants, and notwithstanding what ho said I was
elected by 1,320 majority upon the record
which my colleague does not like.
Mr. RANDALL. One word in reply. I did
go into the gentleman's district., and I pro-
duced his congressional record and showed
his votes in favor of these land grants.
Mr. MYERS. I am proud of that record.
I voted for them only when I believed them to
be just.
Mr. RANDALL. When I showed h is votes
in favor of land grants I was met by the gen-
tleman's friends, who produced to my face his
letter to show that he was not in favor of laud
grants. [ Laughter. ]
Mr. MYERS. I deny it. My colleague
states what, is not so.
Mr. RANDALL. If the gentleman is con-
tent with the record he has made, very well;
I pity him.
Mr. MYERS. 1 state in the hearing of my
colleague, now and here, that that is not so.
I say that letter does not contain any such
language, and if he has read it he must know
that, it is not so.
Mr. RANDALL. I am satisfied the way
the matter stands.
Mr. COBURN. i rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. A re these the Representatives of the
City of Brotherly Love? [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Would it be in
order, Mr. Speaker, to have read at this time
the apposite description by " Truthful James "
of " the breaking up of the society on the Stan-
islaus?" [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker,
I do not see the least ground for the exhibition
of feeling which we have had on this floor in
reference to this question. I desire to have a
vote upon it before we adjourn, and I will call
the previous question after replying for a few-
minutes to the remarks of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. ELA. Let me offer an amendment
before the gentleman calls the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. No, not now.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has opposed this bill by present-
ing a petition purporting to come from citizens
of Wisconsin opposed to the construction of
this road. Similar petitions were presented
two years ago next spring. Some of them
were presented to our chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands. The reading of
the petitions themselves will very clearly show
why they were made. They were made be-
cause it was feared that an old company which
held control of this part of the road a long
time was still going to retain it in their power.
It was not against the grant, but against a cer-
tain company. But as soon as it was ascer-
tained that the Legislature would refuse to
regalvanize that company, but would select new
and responsible ones, they sent here counter-
petitions, and if gentlemen look they will find
names on these counter-petitions of all the
actual settlers who signed the previous peti-
tions.
I wish the Clerk to read from one of the
petitions which I have before me that portion
which is written in pencil. The other portion
was read when this bill was previously before
the House. These petitions have been sent
here by actual settlers asking for the construc-
tion of this road.
The Clerk read aa follows:
"And we would further represunt that some of
your petitioners have heretofore signed a remon-
strance againsttherenewatof saidgrant,and apeti-
tion asking that said lands be put into market, under
a misapprehension of the facts, having been induced
to believo by the aforesaid speculators in pino lands
that there was ne further hope of said road ever
being built.
"Your petitioners are. however, at the present
time thoroughly convinced that the corporations
now controlling the franchises of this road are not
only abundantly able, but that they honestly intend,
if the prayer of your petitioners should be granted,
to build said road with as little delay as possible.
"And to this end your petitioners would ask that
said grant bo renewed, upon such conditions and with
such restrictions as shall compel the said corpora-
tions to build and equip a reasonable amount of
said railroad each and every year until the same
shall be completed."
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. A portion of
the message of the Governor of Wisconsin
lately addressed to the Legislature was devoted
to this subject, and a memorial has been passed
by them in favor of this bill. Now, I think
that the question whether the settlers are in
favor of this measure or not should be settled
by those who are best acquainted with the
fact; and I ask, who would be likely better to
know the truth, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Randall] or the delegates from
Wisconsin ? I am urged by those who have
business subsequent to this bill to call the pre-
vious question, and I shall do so after making,
but one statement, in order that the House
may plainly understand the difference between
the position of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Julian] and my own position with regard
to our amendments. The amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana is to apply the two
and a half dollar clause to all lands. My
amendment applies it to all lands except the
pine lands. I make this exception in the inter-
est of settlers. They cannot settle upon the
pine lands themselves, because they cannot
live there. They are interested in havingcheap
lumber sent to them where the}' can live.
Apply this principle to the pine land and there
is no honest mode by which anybody can
obtain title. It must lie unused and useless,
and thus one great object for which we desire
this road, cheap lumber, will be defeated. I
call the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN, I hope thegentlemanfrom
Minnesota will not yet call the previous ques
tiou.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. 1 am obliged
to do it.
Mr. HOLMAN. If so, I hope the House
will vote it down.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Minnesota [Mr. Wilson] whether
he will not allow me to offer an amendment,
to strike out the new land grant of the bill?
I was informed that I should be permitted to
make that motion before the previous question
was called.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Will you
then vote for the joint resolution ?
Mr. WELKER. I will make no pledges.
I will vote for striking out that portion of the
joint resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. We are
desirous of making the bill as acceptable as pos-
sible, and I ask thegentlemanfrom Ohio [Mr.
Welker] whether, if his amendment should be
accepted, he would support the bill?
Mr. WELKER. I will make no promises as
to that.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I yield to the
gentleman to offer his amendment.
Mr. WELKER. I move toamend as follows,:
In line sixty-seven, page 4, strike out all of section
one after the word " transfer," as follows:
And that the grant for said Bayfield line be, and tho
same is hereby, extended to the town of St. Croix Fall i
upon the same terms and conditions as ifsaid exten-
sion had been made part of the original and supple-
mental grant; and that such grant is made to said
State for the benefit of said company designated for
the construction of s;tid line from tho town of St.
Croix i'alls to Bayfield.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope
the gentleman will not urge that. It.is so small
a matter, applying only to six miles of road
necessary as a little link, and I hope the gentle-
man will not make a point of that.
Mr. WELKER. If the gentleman considers
it a matter of so little importance he should
not object to striking it out.
The SPEAKER. There are two pending
amendments now, which must be disposed of
before others are entertained. But, if there
be no objection, by unanimous consent the
amendmentofferedbythe gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Welker] will be considered as pending.
There was no objection.
Mr. ELA. Will the gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Wilson] yield to me to offer an
amendment?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I cannot
admit any further amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the last section of the jointresolution.
Will not the gentleman yield to me for that
purpose?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I cannot.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope then the House will
not second the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Every fair
opportunity has been offered to the opponents
of the bill, and in justice to those who have
other business to follow this I must now call
the previous question.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 64, noes 65.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. IIolmax, and
Mr. Wilson of Minnesota, were appointed.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Julian] is doubtful whether his amendment is
pending.
The SPEAKER, It is pending, of course.
Mr. IIAWLEY. Ig the pending question
moved on the bill and amendments?
The SPExVKER. Yes: on the bill and
amendments.
The tellers having taken their places; the
House again divided, and the tellers reported-
ayes 7f>, noes 77.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holmax] is entitled to the floor.
