1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Betrayal of Republican Party in Missouri—Mr. Drake.
Senate.
league was not satisfied with that basis of rep-
resentation why did he not go out of the con-
vention when it settled that matter? When he
Biased in the body and participated in its pro-
ceedings afterward, he gave up all objection to
tho basis of representation, his mouth was for-
ever closed, he was estopped in honor and in
law from ever referring to it again.
Now, Mr. President X .corae to the matter
which constitutes tb-3 real controversy here,
and I will endeavor to treat it with perfect
fairness. I will treet it with even more fair-
ness than my colleague did, fori shall bring into
<be detail of the case a fact to which he paid
not the least attention here yesterday in his
laboriously prep?,red speech, and which every
Senator on this floor will recognize, when I
bring it out, as having a bearing of most vital
character on the controversy. He knew I
would be likely to use it in the way I shall use
it here, because I so used it in the speech I
delivered on the 4th of November in St. Louis,
from which he quoted yesterday, and with which
doubtless he is entirely familiar. I will, Mr.
President, not only tell the truth and nothing
but the truth, but the whole truth.
In the convention a committee on resolu-
tions was appointed, of which njy colleague was
a member. That committee reported, as he
stated yesterday, resolutions about which there
was no difference of opinion, except one of
them. The majority of the committee reported
the resolution on the subject of disfranchise-
ments in these words:
"That the llepublican party stands pledged to
remove all disqualificationsandrestrictionsimposed
upon the late rebels in the same measure as the spirit
of disloyalty may die out and as may be consistent
•with the safety ofthe loyal people; thatwe consider
the time to have eome, and we cordially indorse the
action of the Legislature of Missouri in submitting:
to the qualified voters of the State the amendments
removing all disqualifications from the disfranchised
people of Missouri', and conferring equal political
rights and privilegeson all classes; and we earnestly
recommend them to the people for their approval
and adoption.'*
The minority of the committee reported a
substitute for that resolution, in these words :
" That wo are in favor of reenfranchising those
justly disfranchised for participation in the late
rebellion, as soon as it can be done with safety to the
State; and that we concur in the propriety of the
Legislature having submitted to the whole people
of UieStatethe question whether such time has now
arrived, upon which question we recognize the light
of any member of the party to vote his honest con-
victions."
There is no substantial difference between
those two resolutions, except in a single point,
namely, that the convention would assume, if
it adopted the majority resolution, to declare
that the time had come for enfranchising the
rebels, while the minority resolution referred
that matter to the people themselves, who,
whatever the convention might say, were to
pass upon it exclusively and finally, one way
or the other.
Had the con vention declared that the time had
coint-, and had the people thought otherwise,
they would have voted down the amendments.
Had the convention refused to declare so, but
had a majority of the people voted for the
amendments, the amendments would have been
adopted. Therefore, it was a matter which
that convention had no business to assume to
•settle by a dogmatic declaration. That body
was not appointed by the Republicans of the
State to decide that question. There was not
a single delegation appointed to it that had any
instructions from its constituents to decide it,;
at least I never heard of any. Questions of
that kind, which are already referred to the
people for their decision, are not the questions
that party conventions are constituted to decide
before the people can express their voice.
That convention was sent there to nomiuate
Republican candidates for State officers, not
to decide that question of time; but it was
seized upon as the means of enabling the con-
spirators against the Republican party of Mis-
souri then and there to split that party in two.
But, Mr. President, it was known that while
there was no division whatever of sentiment
among the Democrats of Missouri upon those
amendments, all being in favor of them, there
was much difference of opinion among Repub-
licans; and to have adopted in that convention
an expression either for or against the amend-
ments would have hazarded alienation in one
quarter or the other of the party. Therefore
it was wise to leave the question where the
constitution left it, with the people. But, sir,
it was much less the duty or the province of
that convention to declare in favor of a policy
which was directly to benefit the adversaries of
the party. Every man in that convention knew
that the moment those amendments should be
adopted, and rebels all over the State, of every
degree and shade and color, should be enfran-
chised, you might bid good bye to Missouri
as a llepublican State. .And, sir, was it then
and there proper for that convention to have
declared itself outright in favor of doing then
an act which was to hand over the Republican
party, bound hand and foot, to its enemies?
My colleague thought it was. He carries a
time-piece which he regards as infallible, and
as it ticks all other time-pieces must tick, and
as it points the hour all other time-pieces, great
and small, gold and silver, copper, brass, and
wood, must point the hour too. His time-
piece told him that the hour had come to
enfranchise rebels; but the convention did not
think that it was necessarily the infallible chro-
nometer that should govern ail the clocks and
watches of Missouri, and they did not follow
his lead.
Mr. President, in the life of almost every man
there comes a moment, whieli is his supreme
moment, and in that convention came my col-
league's, when he might have done what would
have conferred lasting benefit upon his party
and his State and enduring honor upon him-
self. Had he, on behalf of the committee that
reported that majority resolution, employed
conciliatory terms and manner; had he said to
the convention something like this: " Brethren
ofthe Republican party, we ask you for the sake
of harmony to waive your individual objections
to this resolution, and by agreeing to it make a
platform upon which we can all stand united,"
1 believe that the con vention would have adopted
the majority resolution. No influence which
anybody else could have exercised there would,
in my opinion, have prevented its adoption by
an overwhelming majority.
But, sir, that was not my colleague's course,
nor was it any part of his plan. He came to
the convention for a ditferent purpose. He
opened the debate upon that resolution, and
one would have thought, from the terms in
which he opened it, that it was a body of
dependent inferiors whom he was addressing.
He said :
"Gentlemen, let me declare in a few words the
position of myself and of those friends with whom
X act in accord. We do belieye the time has come
for the removal of political qualifications. We do
believe that the Republican party is in honor and
duty bound to fulfill the pledges recorded in the na-
tional and in the State platforms. We do believe
that it is the solemn duty of the Republican party to
say so. and if the ltcpubliean party does notdo that,
I solemnly declare that, in mv opinion, it is no longer
the Republican party which laid down those pledges
at Chicago. Therefore we cannot make ourselves
ridiculous. We cannot consistently with our dignity
and honor as men; we cannot consistently with our
duty as members of the Republican party, say to the
people ot this State, 'Although wo may believe
that the time hay eome; although we may have tali en
upon ourselves these pledges; although we may
think it our solemn duty to fulfill these pledges, yet
we s-iy to membeis of the Republican party of Mis-
souri, yon can disregard those pledges thus taken,
and it will make no difference in tho world.' No,
sir; we are men; we are Republicans, and we moan
to do it. We are resolved, and I think we may de-
clare that a considerable portion of this convention
are resolved, to maintain the plighted faith ot the
Republican party. We are resolved to have that
which is declared in the platform, and nothing olse
We are resolved not to equivocate about it. We
are resolved to place ourselves before the people as
honest and straightforward men; and, if we do get
that platform, we are resolved to have a candidate
upon it whose public life is identified with the sen-
timents ingrafted in them. Now. gentlemen, I think
I cannot speak plainer than I have already done.
I myself submitted a resolution to that committee.
That resolution was in many respects more explicit
than this. I withdrew it for the sake of unity and
harmony. I withdrew it for the reason that I de-
sired we should not quarrel upon any question of
phraseology, but upon the question of principle.
As honest men and faithful Republicans we cannot
yield. I therefore declare, in my name, and in the
name of my friends, this is our platform. Some
such platform will go before tho people of this State
at the next election, and a candidate will go before
the people for their suffrage who docs not, by his
known opinions, associations, and public record,
give the lie to what is declared in the platform upon
which he is nominated."
That is the way my colleague addressed
that body of his eguals. That is the way vie-'
torious Prussia might be expected to address
prostrate Prance, not the way that freemen are
accustomed in this country to be addressed by
one who less than two years before was a sup-
pliant for t.heir honors, in his elevation to the
Senate-of the United States, and who did not
then address Republican Legislatures or con-
ventions or meetings of any kind in that ini- ,
perious and audacious manner. Why did he
address them so? Did he not know lhat they
were his equals? Sir, there is but one solution
of the question. We all understand it out in
Missouri; every member of the convention
understood it. It was intended to goad the
convention into refusing to adopt his resolu-
tions, because that was the point at which the
premeditated bolt from the convention was to
take place. It would not do for them to bolt
on the mere question of men ; they must havo
something which they could dignifv with the
name of principle, and they were to do it on
the platform, and the way they were to do it
was, by their own conduct and words, to pre-
vent that convention from agreeing to that
very resolution. It was, in a smaller way, an
exact reproduction of the schemes of the seces-
sionists in I860, when they det&rmined to break
up the Union if Lincoln should be elected, and
then schemed and plotted to make his election
certain. The Missouri secessionists from the
Republican organization determined to bolt if
the convention refused to adopt, their resolu-
tion, and then schemed and plotted to make
them refuse to adopt it. Sir, when my col-
league exhibits such proclivity for and skill in
secession, one is led admiringly to think what
an acquisition he would have been in 1860 to
the South.
That speech of my colleague had its effect.
Had I been there, my present impression is that
I could have averted that bolt on the ground
assigned for it. Perhaps it would have been
better for the convention to have swallowed its
indignation at the overbearing and insulting
address of my colleague and concurred in his
resolution. But, sir, those who were there did
otherwise. The convention adopted the reso-
lution reported by the minority of the commit-
tee; and at that point of time, and because of
that act of the convention, and for no other
declared or intimated cause, a minority of the
convention, headed by my colleague, bolted
from the body, went into another apartment in
the capitol, and there consummated before a
weeping State the destruction of the party that
had saved that State from a fate in comparison
with which that of Kentucky and Tennessee is
to loyal men perhaps not less unendurable.
Mr. President, my colleague has been accus-
tomed to vindicate his action in this manor
upon the ground of principle. He has been
accustomed to speak before our constituents
in that lofty and eloquent mannerwhich he can
so well command, and to tell them how much
higher principle is than the mere obligations
