1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Indiana
yields to me to move that the House adjourn.
Mr. ALLISON. I think we had better go
on for a while.
Mr. COX. This is a matter of very great
importance, and I think we will be better pre-
pared for disposing of it on another day.
Mr. DAWES. Surely the House will not
adjourn at half past three, with, this matter
unfinished.
The question was put on the motion to
adjourn: and there were—ayes 06, noes 75.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] yield for a motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on an appropria-
tion bill?
Mr. COX. I will not call for tellers on the
motion to adjourn if that motion is made.
Mr. WASiiBURN, of Wisconsin. I desire
to make a parliamentary inquiry. If The House
adjourns now without seconding the demand
for the previous question upon the bill, when
will if come up again for consideration?
The SPEAKER. This bill will hold its
position as a special order after the morning
hour, subject to displacement only by a motion
to go to the Speaker's table, or to go into the
Committee ot the Whole on the state of the
Union for the consideration of an appropri-
ation bill. It will come up to-morrow in the
small interval left between the morning hour
and the hour of two o'clock, after which, it
being the third Friday in the mouth, the ses-
sion will be devoted to business of the District
of Columbia. The Chair is under the impres-
sion that the bill will go over till next week,
under the pressure of business. The motion to
adjourn is negatived.
CONSULAR, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of considering the con-
sular and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. (Mr. Ai.i.ison in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. It. No. 2689)
making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 80, 1872, and for oilier
purposes.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the first read-
ing of the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. Mr. Chairman, this bill
appropriates $1,438,847 for the'consular and
diplomatic service for the next fiscal year.
There was appropriated last year for the same
purpose SI,041,347. There appears to be an
increase in the expenditures for this branch
of the public service ; but there is an increase
of but one item contained in the last year's
bill. The appropriation made for the relief
and protection of American seaman in foreign
countries last year was only $10,000. That
small appropriation was sufficient, because
there was a large surplus then on hand ; but
that surplus is now exhausted, and the esti-
mates called for $100,000. The committee
have reported the bill with that sum in it. The
other item, amounting to $325,000 in gold, is
an item for the payment of the second install-
ment of the award by the commissioners under
the treaty of July 1, 18G3, in satisfaction of the
claims of the Hudson Bay and of the Puget
Sound Agricultural Companies under an award
made in pursuance of the treaty with Great
Britain, bearing date July 1, 1863. T1m item
was last year in the sundry civil bill. It will be
seen that every other item in the bill is ex-
pressly the same as was appropriated last year.
Having made this general statement, I now ask
unanimous consent that general debate upon
this bill may be closed.
There was no objection; and itwasso ordered.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill
by paragraphs for amendment. The following
clause was read:
For ministers resident at Portugal, Switzerland,
Greece. Belgium, Holland, Denmark, Sweden, Tur-
key, Ecuador. New Granada, Bolivia, Venezuela,
Guatemala, Nicaragua, Sandwich Islands, Costa
Rica, Honduras, and Salvador, at$7,500 each,$135,000.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I move to amend that
paragraph by inserting in the seventeenth line,
after the word "Belgium," the words "ac-
credited also to j" so that it will read "Bel-
gium, accredited also to Holland." My object
in moving that amendmeut is that a beginning
may be made for doing away with a portion
of our widely-extended diplomatic system. I
believe that the amendment which I propose
is strictly in order.
- Mr. KELSEY. I have not been able to hear
the gentleman's amendment. My impression
is that it is out of order.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. KELSEY. That amendment reduces
the number of ministers provided bylaw, and
I make the point of order that it is not in order
in an appropriation bill.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I will state to the gen-
tleman from New York that the number of
ministers is not specially stated in the law of
1846.
Mr. KELSEY. The number of ministers
is authorized in the discretion of the Presi-
dent, and he has established it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled
to rule the amendment out of order.
Mr. HALDEMAN. The President may send
a minister or commercial agent toany country.
An appropriation by Congress, however, is
necessary, and is the recognition thereof.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill;
and the following paragraph was read in rela-
tion to salaries of secretaries of legation :
At St. Petersburg, Madrid, Berlin, Florence,
Vienna, Rio de Janeiro, and Mexico, ?l,8o0 each;
$12,600.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the paragraph
just read by striking out the words "St. Peters-
burg and I also move to insert those words
in the preceding paragraph, after the word
"London," so as to make the salary of the
secretary of legation at St. Petersburg the
same as the salaries of the secretaries of lega-
tion at London and Paris; that is. $2,62-5.
Mr. KELSEY. We have passed that para-
graph.
Mr. COX. I wish to say a few words.
Mr. KELSEY. I will hear what the gentle-
man has to say, reserving my right to make a
point of order on his amendment.
Mr. COX. I am very well satisfied, from
what I know of the secretary of legation at St.
Petersburg, that every year his services there i
are worth more than $1,800, the amount now
paid him. Tile duties of his place are more
difficult and onerous than those of any other
secretary of legation in Europe, except in Lon-
don and Paris. He should be paid more than
he is now paid. He is a gentleman from the
State of New York, Mr. Eugene Schuyler, who
has studied the Russian language, which be
speaks, as well as the French and German lan-
guages. He does a great part of the work per-
formed at that legation, and yet is not paid as
much as an ordinary inspector of whisky in
some of onr cities and towns. It is a shame
to pay a man who does all the work of the lega-
tion in this meager sort of way. Iam not gen-
erally in favor of raising salaries, but I have
information which leads me to believe that it
would be but just to do so in this case. I would
therefore like to move the amendment I have
indicated.
Mr. KELSEY. Does the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman increase the salary of
any one?
Mr. COX. That certainly would beds effect.
Mr. KELSEY. Then I must insist upon
my point, of order, and object to going back.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will uot say that no change shall be
made in any portion of this bill because the
Clerk has passed aline or two beyond that por-
tion in his reading. I thought the bill was
being read through for the first time.
In reference to the secretary of legation at
London, he is at the present moment, as he
has been for some time past and as he has
also been at other times, called upon to dis-
charge all Ine duties devolved upon the min-
ister resident near the Government of Great
Britain, and that, too, at a salary of but $2,500
a year. That is the salary now given to Mr.
Benjamin Moran, a man of such value to this
country in that place that no* minister going
there thinks for a moment of getting aiong
without him.
Mr. BEAMAN. There was a precedent
established by the House yesterdav.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes, the House
on yesterday voted an increase of salary to a
man who for a few weeks performed the duties
of Commissioner of Internal Revenue. We
voted that he should receive for that time the
same salary that he would have received had
he been Commissioner. I am very clear in
saying that that officer richly deserved the pay
we voted to him, but I think if such a prece-
dent is applied at all it should be in a case like
this. I do not believe, however, that this is
the right kind of precedent to set. I do not
think we should require a person holding the
responsible position of secretary of legation at
London to do the work whifcfi he performs for
less than is paid to a great many clerks in many
of the bureaus of our Departments. I hope
the gentleman in charge of this bill [Mr. Kei,-
sey] will allow an amendment to be offered
to raise the salaries of these secretaries of
legation.
Mr. KELSEY. There are probably not five
officers embraced within this bill the salaries
of whom somebody in this House does not
want to increase. I am utterly opposed to
increasing salaries in an appropriation bill.
If they should properly be increased, let it be
done in a proper manner.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is there any
law fixing the salaries of secretaries of lega-
tion ? This is the only way in which their
salaries are fixed.
Mr. COX. 1 move to amend the pending
paragraph by inserting '• $2,500" afier "St.
Petersburg." And 1 now propose to read
a short extract from a letter which I have
received from our secretary of legation at Sr.
Petersburg :
" My salary hero as secretary of legation is so
small, only $1,8'J0, that it is impossible to live on it.
I want, if possible, to have it increased. AtLondon
and Paiis there are two secretaries with, respect-
ively, $2,700 and $2,000, each,more than I receive.
The secretary at Constantinople, aotiug as inter-
preter, receives $3,000. This is what I think my sal-
ary should be increased to. 1 am an interpreter as
well as he, and I know that- Russian is harder than
Turkish. Besides, lam the only person in this lega-
tion who knows French and German, both of which
arc necessary for carrying on the business. I uiay
state that the secretary of the British embassy here,
who acts as interpreter, receives largely increased
pay. St. Petersburg is well known to be the most
expensive city of the world, and you knew enough
of life abroad to know that everywhere a good
amoant of money is necessary."
I know no reason why this gentleman who
does all this work at St. Petersburg, the work
of minister, interpreter, secretary, &c., should
get only $1,800 a year. The gentleman is a
thoroughly accomplished Russian scholar. I
hope this Government will be just to some of
its employes abroad. I ask for Mr. Schuyler
at least some consideration from the gentle-
man who has charge of this bill.
Mr. KELSEY'. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment.. The argument of my colleague [Mr.
Cox] would be a very good one in favor of
having this officer, in whose behalf he speaks,
take the place of minister. But the remarks
of the gentleman do not meet the point which
1 have made, that we ought not in an appro-
priation bill to go into the raising of salaries.
If salaries are to be raised let a bill for thai
