1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1437
and will offer it as a separate resolution for
the adoption of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky withdraws the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY addressed the Senate on
the subject of the appropriations in the bill
for the Bureau of Education. His remarks
will be published in the Appendix when his
speech shall have been concluded. Without
concluding, he gave way to
Mr. BAYARD, who said: I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I hope not.
message from tiie house.
A message from the Douse of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheuson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate: «
A bill (H. R. No. 3062) to relieve certain
citizens of Mississippi and Louisiana, therein
named, from the legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 464) author-
izing the President of the United States to
appoint a joint commission upon the north-
western boundary.
house bills referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before putting
the question on the motion to adjourn, the
Chair will present for reference the bills re-
ceived from the House of Representatives.
The bill (H. R. No. 3062) to relieve certain
citizens of Mississippi and Louisiana, therein
named, from the legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States was read
twice by its title, and referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 4G4) author-
izing the President of the United States to
appoint a joint commission upon the north-
western boundary was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
debate o.n appropriation bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware moves that the Seuate do now
adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I appeal to the Senator from
Delaware lo withdiaw the motion for a mo-
ment, until I can present a resolution.
Mr. BAYARD. For that purpose, certainly.
Mr. COLli. I offer the following resolution :
Jlesoloed,That debate on House bills Nos. 2615 and
2579 bo limited to live minutes for each Senator on
any oao amendment.
Those bills are the Indian appropriation
bill and the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. THURMAN. That resolution requires
unanimous consent, and I object to its consid-
eration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not refer
to this bill, but to the Indian and Post Office
appropriation bills.
Mr. THURMA.N. I object to it. I object
to any such resolution being forced on the
Senate. I will agree to limit debate by unani;
mous consent at the proper time; but I will
not agree, if I can help it, to any gag law on
an appropriation bill that is sought to be put
upon us by a mere majority.
Mr. COLE. I understand the Senator from
Ohio to object to the consideration of the
resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir ; I object to its
consideration.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then it is not debatable, I
imagine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ^ It requires
unanimous consent to consider it. as the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill is before the Senate.
•Mr. RAMSEY. If objected to it is not
debatable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not; and
the Senator from Ohio objects to it at the
present time.  
Mr. COLE. I should like the Senator from
Delaware to yield until I can reply briefly to
my colleague, if he is through.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not through. I
will probably give the Senator something more
to reply to to-morrow; and he bad better do it
all at once.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. JOHNSTON submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(H. R. No. 2816) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1872, and for other purposes : which
was referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN submitted several amendments
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
2789) making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending June 30, 1872, and
for other purposes; which were referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill being
before the Senate, the Senator from Delaware
moves that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senator from
Delaware to allow me to make one suggestion
to him.
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. Could not the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations arrange
with those who desire to discuss the amend-
ments further some hour to-morrow on which
we can take a vote on this bill ?
Mr. COLE. I hope some hour can be
agreed upon when we can take a vote on the
bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. We can allow as much
time as Senators desire for the discussion, if
some hour could be agreed upon by unanimous
consent at which we could take the final vote
to-morrow, and it would save a great deal of
time.
Mr. COLE. I suggest that the vote be
taken to-morrow at one o'clock. We meet at
eleven, and that would give time enough for
the additional debate, I apprehend.
The VICE_ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California asks that by unanimous coil-
sent one o'clock to-morrow be fixed for the
taking of the vote on this pronosition.
Mr. ANTHONY. No ; I mean on this bill.
Of course amendments can be offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition?
Mr. THURMAN. We had better not say
one o'clock. I do not know what others may
wish to do ; but I, for one, will agree to take
the vote at half past two o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; let «s agree
to that hour.
Mr. COLE. Say two o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ^ Is there objec-
tion to fixing half past two o'clock to-morrow
as the time at which the vote shall be taken?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That means to have a
vote on the various amendments and those
that may be offered.
Mr. ANTHONY. To commence voting.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senate will
adjourn at three o'clock to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is proposed
to fix half past two o'clock to-morrow for the j
termination of the debate on this bill. Is there I
objection? Amendments, of course, can be |
offered, as many as Senators please, after that, i
Mr. BAYARD. May 1 ask is it the under- |
standing that my friend from California [Mr. I
Casseria'J has the floor? i
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. For all the residue of the
time ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY, (to Mr. Cole.) You can
reply on some other bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and that order is made. - The
Senator from California [Mr. Cassermt] now
yields to the Senator from Delaware, who
moves an adjournment.
Mr. HAMLIN". I want an executive session
of five minutes.
Several Senators. No, no; let us adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware yield to allow the motion
for an executive session to be made ?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
executive session.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After five minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and (at
five o'clock and eight minutes p. ra.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 20, 1871.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. Dr. M. Jastrow, Rabbi of
Congregation "Rodef Shalom," of Philadel-
phia.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a privileged question.
I move that when the House adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet on Wednesday next at
eleven o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to.
okdjsu 01" business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins at thirteen minutes after eleven o'clock.
This being Monday, the first business in order
during the morning hour is the eall of States
and Territories, beginning with the State of
Maine, for bills and joint resolutions to be
introduced on leave and referred to their
appropriate committees, and not to be brought
back by motions to reconsider. Under this
call resolutions and memorials of State and
territorial Legislatures are in order for refer-
ence and printing.
bark alicb tarlton.
Mr. TWICHELL introduced a joint re-so-
lution (H. R. No. 511) authorizing an Ameri-
can register to the Dutch bark Alice Tarlton;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
RELIEF TO SHIP-OWNERS.
Mr. BUFFINTON presented resolutions of
the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, recom-
mending the passage of a law enabling ship-
owners of the United States to buy all duti-
able ship stores in bond free of duty; which
were referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, aud ordered to be printed.
prevention of fraudulent practices.
Mr. VAN WYCK introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 30o0) to prevent and punish certain fraud-
ulent practices; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
francis b. stewart.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 8051) for the relief of
| Francis B. Stewart, postmaster at Altoona,
Pennsylvania; which was read a first and sec-
I oud time, and referred to the Committee on
j the Post Office and Post Roads.
j ship-building materials,
j Mr. TOWNSEND presented resolutions of
the council of the city of Chester, Pennsyl-
vania, asking Congress to allow bounties oil
all articles of domestic manufacture used in
the construction of steam and sailing ships
engaged in foreign commerce, equivalent to
