1438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
duties paid on imported articles used in build-
ing American vessels, &c.; which were referred
to the .Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
pay op civil engineers in navy.
_ Mr. GILFILLAN introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R, No. 512) making the pay of civil
engineers in the Navy equal to that of naval
constructors; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
court-house at danville, virginia.
Mr. BOOKER ihtroduced a bill (H. It. No.
3052) appropriating the sum of $15,000 for
the erection of a suitable building in the town
of Danville, Virginia, for holding the terms of
the United States district court for the west-
ern district of Virginia, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
branson l. craven.
Mr. DOCKERYintroducedabill (H. R. No.
8053) for the relief of Branson L. Craven, of
Bladen country, North Carolina; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the select Committee on Reconstruction.
b. poller.
Mr. DOCKERY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3054) for the relief of B. Fuller for
publication of official orders under the recon-
struction acts of Congress, in the State of
North Carolina; -which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
library fund, north carolina.
Mr. LASH presented a joint resolution of
the General Assembly of North Carolina,
requesting the aid of Congress in creating a
library fund; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
bankrupt law amendment.
Mr. LASH also presented a joint resolu-
tion of the General Assembly of North Caro-
lina, asking the amendment of the four-
teenth section of the bankrupt law; which was
referred to the Committee oa the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
internal revenue.
Mr. LASH also presented a joint resolution
of the General Assembly of North Carolina,
concerning internal revenue on tobacco and
spirituous liquors ; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
a. m. waddell.
Mr. LASH also presented a joint resolu-
tion of the General Assembly of North Caro-
lina, in relation to the disabilities of Hon. A.
M. Waddell and Sion H. Rogers; which was
referred to the select Committee on Recon-
struction.
asylum for colored persons.
Mr. PAINE, of Georgia, introduced a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 513) to appropriate
money for an asylum for the old and afflicted
colored persons in the first congressional dis-
trict of Georgia; -which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Freedmen's Affairs.
removal op political disabilities.
Mr. BETHUNE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3055) for the removal of the political disabilities
of certain persons of the State of Georgia; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
t,o the select Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. HBFLIN introduced a biil (H. It. No.
3056) to remove the legal and political disabili-
ties of Robert A. Peterson, of Macon county,
in the State of Alabama; which was rend a
first and second time, and referred lo tiie select
Committee on Reconstruction.
taxation.
Mr. VAN TRUMP introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 514) in relation to a tax
therein named ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
agricultural report for 1870.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, introduced a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 515) to print the agri-
cultural report for 1870; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
central pacific railroad.
Mr. MUNGEN introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 516) of inquiry as to whether
the Central Pacific Railroad Company has
mortgaged the lands granted by Congress for
$10,000,000 or other sum, and if so, for what
purpose the said mortgage was given ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
it. f. m'caul.
Mr. PROSSER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3057) to relieve R. F. McCaul, of Williamson
county, in the State of Tennessee, of legal
and political disabilities; which was read afirst
and second time, and referred to the select
Committee on Reconstruction.
name of a vessel.
Mr. PROSSER also introduced a bill (II.
R. No. 3058) to change the name of the steam-
boat Tobe Hurt to that of Dundee; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
harbor at michigan city.
Mr. PACKARD presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Indiana,
asking an appropriation for the harbor at
Michigan City, Indiana; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
establishment op free schools.
Mr. BURCHARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3059) to encourage and aid the establish-
ment of free schools throughout the United
States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor.
apportionment.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, presented
concurrent resolutions of the General Assem-
bly of the State of Missouri, in reference to
apportionment of representation in Congress
upon the basis of the census of 1870; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Ninth Census.
w. c. hearn, et al.
Mr. ROGERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3050) for the relief of W.C. Hearn, etal, of Ark-
ansas ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the select Committee on Re-
construction.
breakwater at marquette.
Mr. FERRY presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Michigan, ask-
ing Congress to make an appropriation for the
completion of the breakwater at Marquette,
on Lake Superior ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
ontonagon harbor.
Mr. FERRY also presented joint resolutions
of the State of Michigan, asking for an appro-
priation for the completion of Ontonagon har-
bor, Lake Superior ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
quarantine on tiie cum' coast.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, introduced a joint
resolution (II. II. No. 517) providing for a
more effective system of quarantine on the
Gulf coast; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
lands in iowa.
Mr. POMEROY introduced a bill (EL 11.
No. 3060) to authorize the President of the
United States to ascertain the value of certain
lands in the State of Iowa, north of the Jioc-
coon fork of the Des Moines river, held by
settlers under the homestead laws of the Uni-
ted States, and subsequent to the settlement,
thereof determined by the Supreme Court of
the United States to be Des Moines river im-
provement lands ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
st. croix and bayfield railroad gram'.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, presented the
memorial of the people of Wisconsin, asking,
first, for the renewal ofthegrants oflands here-
tofore made by the United States to aid in the
construction of a railroad from St. Croix liver
or lake to the west end of Lake Superior, and to
Bayfield; and second, for the passage of an act,
should said grant not be renewed, authorizing
those who have selected homesteads within ilr>
limits to select each eighty acres additional,
and providing for the issue by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to each
settler who has paid since the passage of ihp
grant, June 3,1855, double the minimum price,
for land remaining to the United States within
the limits of the grant, a certificate for the
excess paid over $1 25 per acre, such certifi-
cate to be receivable in payment of the public
lands of the United States, subject to entry.
The memorial was referred t.0 the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
removal of national capital.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, presented a me
morial of the Legislature of the State of Kansas,
asking for the removal of the national capital
to some convenient and central location.
- Mr. WOOD. I ask that the memorial be
read.
The memorial was read.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move that iii:.-_
memorial be laid on the table, and printed.
The SPEAKER. During this call whatever
is presented must be referred to some com-
mittee.
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the memorial
be referred to the Committee for the Distrct
of Columbia, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
cherokee neutral lands.
Mr, CLARKE, of Kansas, also presented a
memorial of the Legislature of the State of
Kansas, requesting Congress to pass such laws
as may be necessary to fully protect the rights
of bona fide settlers upon the Cherokee neu
tral lands in Kansas under the homestead and
preemption laws, and the right of the State to
the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections for the
support of common schools.
Mr. HAIGHT. I ask that the memorial he
read.
The memorial was read.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move that the
memorial be printed, and referred to the Com
mittee on the Public Lands.
' Mr. WOOD. This is a very important me-
morial, and I move that it be referred to a
select committee.
Mr. LAWRENCE. With power lo report
at any time.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I would prefer
a special committee, if it can have power to
report at any time.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer to
a standing committee takes precedence of a
motion to refer to a special committee.
The question was taken upon the motion to
refer the memorial to the Committee on the
Public Lands; and upon a division there
were—ayes 25, noes 4.0 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wood and
Mr. Lawrence were appointed.
