1871.
THE OONG11ESSIONAL GLOBE.
148§
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 79, noes 44.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WOOD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Is it in order to move
to amend the motion so that the Committee
on the Public Lands shall have leave to report
on this memorial at any time?
The SPEAKER. That would require a
suspension of the rules, which is not in order
during the morning hour.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 141, nays 58,
not voting 41; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Atwood,
Ayer, Bailey, Barry, Beaman, Bcatty, Benjamin,
Benton, Bethune, Bingham, Blair, Bowen, George
M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard,
Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Skiney Clarke,
AmasaCobb, Coburn, Conger, Cowles. Cox, Cullom,
Degener, Dockery, Donley, Dox, Duke, Duval,
Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss. Ferry, Finkelnburg,
Fisher, Fiteh, Garfield, Gibson, Gilfillan, Hale,
Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Hays,
Hefiin, Hoar, Hoge, Holmes. Hooper, Alexander H.
J ones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kel.sey, Ketch-
nm, Knapp, Laflin, Lash. Lawrence, Lang, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Maynard, McCormick, McCraiy, Me-
Grew, McKee. McKenzie, Mereur, Milnes, Eliakim
H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Morey,
Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley.O'Xeill,
Packard, Halbert E. Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce,
Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter,
Prosser, Rainey, Rice, Roots, Sanford, Sawyer,
Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Shober. John
A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith.William J. Smith.Worth-
ington C. Smith, Stevens. Stevenson, Stokes, Stough-
ton, Strickland, Strong, Sypher/XafFe, Tanner, Town-
send, Trimble, Twichell, Tyner, Van Wyck, Wal-
lace, Cadwalader C.Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Wheeler, Wbiteley, Whitmore, Wil-
kinson, Willard, Williams, John T.Wilson, Winans,
and Wolf—141.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Armstrong, As-
per. Axtell. Beck, Bird. Booker, Burdett, Burr,
Roderick R. Butler, Calkin, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook,
Crebs, Dickinson, Dyer, Eldridge, Fox, Getz,
Haight, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hamill, Hill, llol-
nian. Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Manning,
Marshall, Mayham, McNccly, Daniel J. Morrcll,
Mungen,' Niblack, Orth, Packer, Potter, Price,
Reeves, Rogers. Schumaker, Sherrod, Slocum,
Stiles, Stone. Strader, Swann, Van Auken, Van
Horn, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Winchester,
Wood, Woodward, and Young—5S.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Banks, Barnum,
Bennett, Biggs, Boles, Boj ', James Brooks, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Cake, Cleveland. Conner, Corker,
Darrall, Dawes. Dickey, Joseph Dixon, Nathan F.
Dixon, Griswold, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenekes,
Knott, Lewis, Logan, McCarthy, Morgan, Mor-
rissey, Newsham, William W. Paine, Randall,
Sargent, Porter Sheldon, Starkweather, Sweeney,
Taylor. Tillman, Upson, Ward, Eugene M. Wilson,
and Witchcr—11.
So the memorial was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of their clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed, with an amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested, a concurrent resolution of the
House to print extra copies of the report of
the commissioners appointed to examine and
report upon the trade between the United
States and the provinces of Canada.
obstruction of ohio river.
Mr. McGREW presented a memorial of the
Legislature of West Virginia, requesting Con-
gress to prohibit the construction of any bridges
which may obstruct the navigation of the Ohio
river, or impede the transit of boats and
barges aud their cargoes on said river.
Mr. IvELSEY. I ask that this memorial be
read.
The memorial was read.
Mr. McGREW. I move that it be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
incomh tax—franking privilege.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous, consent, pre-
sented the following resolutions of the Board
of Trade of Newark, New Jersey, passed Feb-
ruary 18, 1871, relative to the repeal of the
income tax and the abolition of the franking
privilege; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed in the Globe:
Whereas it is believed the present income-tax law
will produce but very little revenue, the amount col-
lected barely covering the cost of collection; and
whereas the odious character of all income-tax laws
is as deeply felt with reference to the present as to
the original law, and without its compensation of
large productiveness: Therefore,
Resolved, That in the judgment of this board the
income-tax law should be forthwith repealed, that
the people may no longer be annoyed with an inquis-
itorial tax law that brings but little if any revenue
to the Treasury, and therefore only benefiting its
collectors.
Resolved, That the secretary be instructed to for-
ward a copy of the above to our Representatives in
Congress now in session.
Whereas the franking privilege very greatly inter-
feres with the efficiency of the postal service and is
not in accordance with the economy which the bur-
dens of the people should suggest to our national
legislators: Therefore,
Resolved, That it is the opinion of this board that
the immediate abolition of the franking privilege
in the United States, as recommended by the Presi-
dent and the Postmaster General, would be highly
honorable in our legislators so voting, as it would
illustrate a self-sacrificing patriotism that would be
exceedingly gratifying to their constituency.
Resolved, That the secretary be instructed to for-
ward a copy of the above to our Representatives in
Congress.
A true copy from the minutes.
Attest:
ROBERT S. SWORDE, Secretary.
illumination of tiie capitol.
Mr. FOX. I ask unanimous consent to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives and the Dome of the Capitol be lighted
and kept open on the evenings of the 20th, 21st, and
22d of February. 1871, between the hours of seven and
ten o'clock.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to any sue'n non-
sense.
Mr. FOX. I move a suspension of the rules
in order to adopt the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion at present, as there comes over
from Monday list another motion to suspend
the rules.
removal op political disabilities.
The House resumed the consideration of
the motion of Mr. Perce, to suspend the rules
in order to introduce and pass a bill to relieve
certain citizens of Mississippi and Louisiana
therein named from the legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution.
The bill, which was read, proposes to remove
from John J. Bradford, of Hancock county,
Mississippi, and R. W. Futcli, of Union par-
ish, Louisiana, all legal and political disabili-
ties imposed by the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States by rea-
son of participation in the late rebellion.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I call for the
yeas and nays on agreeing to this motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to, (two thirds voting in favor thereof;) and the
bill (H. R. No. 3061) was accordingly intro-
duced and passed.
action on appropriation bills.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the indulgence of the
House to allow me to offer, for action at the
present time, the following resolution:
Resolved, That the rules be so suspended that the
Committee of the Whole be discharged from the
further consideration of the several regular appro-
priation bills, and that the same be considered in
the House as in Committee of the Whole, and be
in order therein as reported by the Committee on
Appropriations, and that on and after two o'clock
to-morrow they take precedence of all other orders
until disposed of.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to know whether
this resolution, if adopted, will preclude the
raising of points of order the right to raise
which on these bills has been reserved.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to make a par-
liamentary iDquiry. I desire to know what
effect this resolution, if adopted, will have
upon the assignment of the Southern Pacific
railroad bill for consideration to-morrow
morning immediately after the reading of the
Journal.
Mr. DAWES. I assume that the special
order for to-morrow morning will be finished
by two o'clock. If it should be in progress at
that time I should not then press the business
named in the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can be
entertained only by unanimous consent. Is
there objection?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not
before the House.
Mr. DAWES. I give notice that I shall at
the first opportunity move a suspension of the
rules to adopt this resolution.
survey of northwestern boundary.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes, as
unfinished business, the consideration of a
question coming over from last Saturday, the
question on the passage of the joint resolution
reported from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, being joint resolution (H. R. No. 464)
authorizing the President of the United States
to appoint a joint commission upon the north-
western boundary. On the passage of this res-
olution the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr, Swans]
is entitled to an hour to close the debate. Does
he desire to occupy the floor?
Mr. SWANN. I desire to occupy a few
minutes, and then yield to some of my friends.
Mr. Speaker, I propose to add but a few
words to what I have already said upon this
subject. Thjs resolution, unanimously re-
ported by the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
is nothing more than a response to an applica-
tion made to Congress in the annual message
of the President of the United States, that he
be authorized to appoint a joint commission
for the purpose of settling our northwestern
boundary. I had hoped, Mr. Speaker, that
there would be no opposition to this resolution.
It is right in itself. It is a resolution whieh
calls for immediate aetion on the part of this
House; and least of all, Mr. Speaker, did I
expect that resolution would be opposed by the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations.
This whole question is in a nut-shell, and I
will state it very briefly for the information of
the House. Some time during the past sum-
mer a survey of this northwestern boundary,
in the neighborhood of Pembina, was directed
by the Secretary of War through General
Hancock. An experimental line was run, by
which it appears that British posts, that posts
of the Hudson Bay Company in the vicinity
of Pembina, are thrown forty-six hundred feet
within the lines of the United States. Soon
after the line was established information was
communicated to the State Department in
refei'ence to this new discovery ; and to show
the House the delicacy of the position we
occupy at this time, I will beg the Clerk, for the
information of the House, to read a communi-
cation addressed to the Treasury Department
by the revenue officer of that station.
The Clerk read as follows:
Cusiom-Hocse, Pemeixa, June 23,1870.
Sib: I have the honor to call your attention to the
fact that the United States military commission,
under Major General Sykes, United States Army,
and Captain Heap, United States corps of Etigineeis,
while here this spring for the purpose of locating
the new fort and military reservation, have by a
series of earetul solar and lunar observations loca-
ted and established the forty-ninth parallel, or inter-
tional boundary line, upward of forty-six hundred
feet north of the old established post, and that
from the initial point established on the west bank
of tho lied river, by the said military commission,
a careful survey of the said boundary line was made
for military purposes as far west as St. Joseph, and
tho same distinctly marked, and stakes driven at
every mile. This change brings the Hudson Bay
Company's trading post, north of here, within our
lines, on United States territory, whieh, in ease tho
said last established location shall be recognized as
the actual boundary line, would subject the whole;
of said Hudson Bay Company's stock of goods on
hand at said trading post, and ail future import n-
tions thereto, to thepaymentof duty, I have ther®«
