APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 16,
Senate.
Betrayal of Republican Party in Missouri—Mr. Brake. 41st Cong—3d Sess.
the onslaught of every rebel (now almost every-
where enfranchised) and of every disloyal spirit
in the land upon the Republican party._ Then
the Democracy is to gather itself up for its final
struggle against every policy which the Repub-
lican party has established and every great
principle it has vindicated. Then is to come
the question whether the amendments adopted
to the Constitution shall stand as a part of it
or be rudely stripped from it. And, sir, in
1872 the choice of a Democratic President,
sympathizing with the still living rebel spirit,
may be made by the vote of that very State
•which now lies a bleeding sacrifice at the feet
of my colleague!
Mr. President, it does not often happen in
the history of a State that two men, at differ-
ent times, have each seemed to hold the des-
tiny of that State in his single hand; and it is
more extraordinary that that should happen
to two men of the name of Charles. There
■was a time in 1865—I speak of it simply as a
matter of history, not of self-glorification—
when the salvation of Missouri to the loyal
people, by the adoption of her present consti-
tution, lay at my door, and I had only to have
remained silent and the constitution which
was adopted then, and which saved the State
from rebel control, would have been inevita-
bly defeated. It had happened that I was so
intimately and conspicuously connected with
its preparation in the convention, that it has
ever since been called by the rebels and Demo-
crats '' the Drake constitution." Had I failed
in its defense before the people by every effort
in my power to procure its adoption, every
rebel and Democrat in the State would have
said, " Why, the very father of the constitution
dares not say a word in its defense;" and that
would have been sufficient so to dishearten
loyal men as to insure its defeat; for it was
defeated on the home vote, and saved at last
only by the votes of the bravo Missouri soldiers
in the field, to whom I sent poll-books to get
their votes. As it received only 1862 majority,
you can easily see that if I had shrunk back or
faltered in that critical hour, that constitution
would have been lost, and my colleague would
have likewise lost the pleasure of drawing the
picture he did here yesterday of the prosperity
of Missouri; if indeed he had attained his
present exalted position from that State, which
I greatly doubt. All would have lapsed under
Democratic rule, and darkness and dismay
-would probably have hung upon the loyal peo-
ple from theu till now. Sir, when that respons-
ibility came upon me I met it as best I eould ;
I tried t,o do my duty. In the face of a fury of
opposition such as no State constitution ever
before encountered, and of such a tornado
of ruthless and pitiless obloquy, vilification,
detraction, and denunciation of myself as few
men in any of our States have ever been called
to endure, I did what appeared to me to be my
duty, leaving to time my vindication with
men, and to eternity my justification before
God. The constitution was adopted, and the
State saved to loyal control; and so my col-
league found it when he removed to it in the
early part of 1807.
Sir. there has been in Missouri another
Charles—in German, Carl—to whom it hap-
pened,- less than four months ago, to stand
where he held in his single hand the destiny of
that great State; greater then by half a million
of people than at the former period just referred
to. He had been a true and loyal citizen and
soldier through the period of the rebellion;
after the suppression of which he migrated ftom
another State to Missouri, where his distinction
and abilities were as promptly and freely recog-
nised as he was warmly welcomed. With a
large German population as his friends, not
less from the bond of a common nativity than
from just pride in his talents and his fame, the
prospect was bright for his after career. But
unhappily for that State, though he had fought
the rebellion in the field, he had never met it
in a border State in social life, at the fireside,
in the thoroughfares of business, in the church,
in societies, in political struggles, in the thou-
sand contacts of every-day life; and he therefore'
knew not by experience what the spirit of
treason and rebellion really was in the civil-
no, desperately uncivil—life of the border States
during the war. To this want of practical,
experimental knowledge of rebelsand rebelism
may, I suppose, be largely attributed his course,
when, as I said before, his supreme moment
arrived. He was seized with a wild ambition
to tear down what those who had lived there
through all the desperate social conflicts of the
period of the war had with infinite pains erected
for the protection of Missouri's loyal and long-
suffering people. As the editor of a widely-
circulated journal, as an orator of distinguished
power, as a Senator of the United States at
the hands of that loyal people, he threw the
whole weight of his power and influence into
the scale in favor of the unlimited, absolute,
and irreversible enfranchisement of every rebel,
guerrilla, and bushwaeker in the State, or who
might ever come into it. To this end he
stopped not at the destruction of the very party
that had made him Senator. When the con-
vention of that party met, had he been the
advocate of the unity and harmony of the party,
division would not have been possible. But,
alas! he was first and foremost to apply the
torch ; and the fires of dissension, under the
blast of his breath, wrapped the whole grand
edifice in their destroying folds, and it fell be-
fore him in ruins. Sir, I do not deny that in
all this he acted, as he avers, under his sense
of duty ; but, great God ! whence is that sense
of duty which bids a man scatter " fire-brands,
arrows, and death" among his friends, that
he may clear the way to scatter benefits among
their enemies ?
Sir, with all humility I venture to surmise
-that no just man, reading the history of the
two Charleses in Missouri, would hesitate as
to which he would rather be when Truth comes j
to write on the page of History the eternal
epitaph of each.
Mr. President, my colleague had not been
two years a resident of Missouri when he was
elected to the Senate of the United States from
that State. He had not attained political ele-
vation in other States where he had lived.
He came to us. We received him. We ele-
vated him. He is now at the top of his ladder.
Under the Constitution he can rise no higher.
Sir, with all submission, I leave it to the Sen-
ate of the United States and to the country to
say whether there was not, to those who had so
generously and greatly honored this stranger,
some obligation of gratitude. Was there noth-
ing that should have bound him in friendship
and kindness and fidelity to the party that had
borne him so aloft? Sir, my colleague may
regard these things in a different light; but I
feel, when I contemplate his course, as if there
were wondrous truth in the lines of the poet:
"Blow, blow, thou winter wind,
Thou art not so unkind
As man's ingratitude;"
* * * * *
" Freeze, freeze, thou hitter sky,
That dost not bite so nigh,
As benefits forgot;
Though thou the waters warp,
Thy stmg is not so sharp
As friend remembered not."
•Mr. President, this disruption of the party
to which I belong in Missouri was not only pre-
determined, but it was a measure of war against
the administration of General Grant. The
regular convention indorsed the administra-
tion of General Grant; the bolters in their con-
vention ignored that administration. And, sir,
my colleague, in a speech he made at a rati-
fication meeting in St. Louis, just after that
convention did its nefarious work, gave this
excuse for it—but pardon me, he might not
consider it proper to charge him with attempt-
ing to excuse it—he gave this explanation ■
" Gentlemen, I must say that. I regard that resolu-
tion which you find in the McClurg platform .indors-
ing the present administration, and General Gi ant in
person, as one of the unmanlie3t pieces of lulsoino
adulation which ever human faneycbuld imagine.
Why, General Grant is a sensible man, and X am
almost inclined to believe that that resolution was
drafted and introduced there by some wag who
wanted to show to General Grant's good sense to
what depth of abject flattery that greed of spoils
.would descend which is always ready to throw aside
'sacred pledges for public plunder; and while being
resolved to stand by the Administration in all the
measures which it will bring forward, and which my
honest judgment will approve, I still declare thatwe
are men, and that as men there is for us a certain
limit to that flattery which we may deal out to other
men ; and, unless I mistake the man to whom it is
addressed, I think his very stomach will turn at the
sight of those who crawl on their bellies before him."
Well, Mr. President, if in the bolters' con-
vention my colleague had desired to indorse
General Grant's administration, he could in
two minutes have drawn up a resolution to
that effect which would not have contained so
much " fulsome adulation and flattery" as that
adopted by the regular convention. Why did
he not do it? Sir, the whole country knows,
what General Grant perfectly knew, that the
organization of that convention of bolters was
a movement against him and his administra-
tion ; and because he knew that he took notice
of it. He found that their newspapers were
claiming that the bolters represented bis pol-
icy, as expressed in those golden words, "Let
us have peace." They contended that Grant's
"peace" covered universal enfranchisement.
Gen'eral Grant did not choose to be misrepre-
sented in that way. He did what any Presi-
dent would have a right to do; he wrote a
private letter, in which he said :
"I regard the movement headed by Cakl Schurz,
Brown, &c„ as similar to the Tennessee and Vir-
ginia movements, intended to carry a portion of tho
Republican party over to the Democracy, and thus
give them control. I hope you will all see yourway
clear to give the regular ticket your support."
Mr. President, that letter brought those con-
spirators up, as a sailor would say, " with a
round turn." It could no longer be said that
they represented General Grant's policy ; and
so they instantly began to denounce him, and
they have continued to do so ever since. But.
that it was a letter which it was perfectly proper
for him to write, every Senator here knows.
And to show you the way and the spirit in which
lie was denounced, I will refer you to a few
more words of the Democratic candidate for
Governor under the name of "Liberal." It
is a fit companion-piece to the imperious
and audacious speech of my colleague iu the
debate on the report of the committee on reso-
lutions, to which I have before referred. Says
this man:
" Who made General Grant, and what was he thfit
ho should talk in thiswise? When the war began
lie was one of the humblest citizens of thi-= country,
without voice and without influence, who had never
given direction to the public opinion ol fhenniion;
and by wfiat, right doe§ he assume to do so now ?
"lloes he stand a- one ol the aeciedited leaders
of public thought? Does he stand as one ot the men
who h;is been identified with tho triumphs ol' free-
dom in the past ? Does he stand as one ot the mon-
uments that we have been accustomed to look to
lor our inscriptions of freedom heretofore ?
" If not, then I bave only to say it would be wl-o
and well forsuchmen to leave the completion ofthc
freedom ot this country to the achievement of tho
men who have undertaken it and have accomplished
it, without interference on the part of those who ha\ o
simply reaped its rewards."
I make no comment upon this precious piece
of gasconade, except to say that it recalls very
forcibly the story of the fly lhat. lit on the horn
of the bull; and after lie had been reposing
there some time he expressed himself veiy
deferentially to the bull, and inquired if his
being there produced any inconvenience,
[laughter;] to which the bull replied that he
really had not known before that he was there.
[Laughter.]
