1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Betrayal of Republican Party in Missouri—Mr. Drake.
Senate.
General Grant d id j ust what he oughtto have
done, when he followed up this letter with the
removal from office in Missouri of men who,
in actively supporting the bolters' ticket, were
warring upon his administration. And, sir, I
take the responsibility which my colleague put
upon me in connection with those removals. I
advised and asked for those removals, and would
do it again. I lay down the broad proposition
that no Administration should keep in office a
man who is warring against it. The offices of
the country are not made to feed the enemies
of the Administration that bestows them.
Mr. President, there are other matters on
which I must spend a few moments. My col-
league's speech took a wide range, and I must
follow him on one or two other points. The
first is the obligation of members of a party
to adhere to the party. Upon that subject my
colleague made some remarks which 1 think
deserve the attention of the Senate. I will
read his language on the subject of party dis-
cipline and party fidelity:
"I do not underestimate the value of party dis-
cipline bo far as It facilitates the subordination of
minor questions to objects of.paramount importance.
But when the mere possession of power and office
for its own sake becomes the paramount object of a
party, then party discipline becomes a demoralizing:
element, and the sooner it gives way the better; the
better for the general morality of political life, and
sometimes the better for the party itself. Such a
ease we had in Missouri, and I repeat what I said
before, had the object of our independent move-
ment been only to defeat the selfish maneuvers of
the spoilsmen and wiie-pullcrs it would deserve the
commendation of every patriotic citizen."
Then he goes on to say further:
" The spirit of individual independence may seem
to beatroublesomeelementin any organization; but
if it is larRely represented in apolitical party it will
have the most wholesome effect of keeping the pro-
fessional managers mindfulof the fact that they may
succeed in setting on foot a selfish and corrupt
scheme, but are by no means certain of being per-
mitted to enjoy the fruit of it, and that an improper
nomination even in amajority party is not equiva-
lent to an election."
Now, sir, there is something there that
deserves our consideration. The "spirit of
individual independence " is-invoked there. I
say again, as I said awhile ago, that inside the
party and subject to party control, it is well
enough; but if any man's " spirit of individual
independence" defies the will of the majority,
he should either go out of the party or be put
out; and it is the action of the Democratic
party upon'that principle that has given that
party heretofore a great part of its .power as an
organization. In this particular, if no other,
we may profit by its example.
But, sir, I would inquire here, I would inquire
with earnestness before this Senate, is it to be
the rule hereafter in our State conventions that
an individual may go in there and break them
up, one by one, upon some ground of "individ-
ual independence?" If so, does the fate of the
Republican convention in my State foreshadow
that of the Republican national convention in
1872? Is my colleague to play the same part
upon the floor of that convention that he played
in the Missouri convention, and break up the
Republican party of the whole country?
Mr. President, my colleague says that there
is a new party to come, in some form or other,
and he says moreover that the Republican party
needs regeneration. Does my colleague know
what " regeneration " means? Does he know
that it means a new birth? The Republican
parly, he says, needs a new birth. Sir, it he
spoke in a theological sense, I should be bound
to deduce from his words his conviotiou that the
Republican party is "dead in trespasses and
sins;" but I presume he does not dabble in
theology. Says my colleague :
"X firmly believe that the Republican party does
contain the elements of a healthy regeneration."
And again:
"The only way to preserve the vitality of the
Republican party is to make it the party of progress-
ive reforms : m other words, the new party which is
bound to come iu one fuim or another."
And again:
4< I think, therefore, the Republican party has the
stuff in it to become that new party itself."
From these expressions I gather this three-
fold proposition : first, that a new party must
come; secondly, that the Republican party
needs to be born anew, that is, made over again;
and thirdly, that, on the whole, may be it con-
tains the proper elements out of which to make
the coming new party. Sir, I deny my col-
league's claim to originality in this proposition.
I hold him up as a plagiarist. It is identically
the proposition of a certain county tribunal,
which, having determined to build a new jail,
passed three resolutions on the subject: first,
that they would build a new jail; second, that
they would build the new jail out of the mate-
rials composing the old one; and third, that
the old one should stand until the new one was
"built. [Laughter.]
Sir, does the honored Republican party,
indeed, need a new birth ? If it does, and is to
receive it, who is to breathe into it the breath
of life? That is an important question. Sir,
I am strongly under the impression that my
colleague thinks that that is his mission to
America. He sets up his judgment upon every
subject as one that others must bow to, and if
they will not bow to it he shakes them off. Per-
haps he is the very man to breathe new life into
the Republican party; who knows?
Mr. President, no man would be likely to take
the positions that my colleague takes unless
he felt that there was some great supporting
force at his back. And this brings me to notice
remarks made by him yesterday concerning
what I had previously said about the German
element" in this country, as he calls it. 1
have expressed myself nowhere in terms of
disrespect toward our German-American citi-
zens. Tiiey performed a glorious part in my
own city in 1861 in defense of the flag of their
adopted country against its native sons. Nor
do I, as my colleague intimated, speak of them
as " dumb cattle," to be led about by whom-
soever can get hold of them. But I will tell
you, Mr. President, that they do move very
much in common, and it is natural that they
should. They speak a language different from
ours, read newspapers in that language, and
hold communion in it with their leading men;
and it is natural that those men should have
an influence over them, and that that influence
should be great.
Now, sir, when a man has done an act of
a particular description in one place, you
may expect him to do the same description of
act in another place. My colleague carried
almost the entire Republican German vote ot'
Missouri with him in his disruption of the Re-
publican party there; and I do not hesitate to
express here, as 1 have elsewhere, the belief,
based on his own acts, that he intends to carry
that vote over to the Democracy. And, sir,
as he told you yesterday I had said, so 1
say again, that my conviction is that he has
harbored the more daring thought of carry-
ing the whole Republican German vote of
the country over to the Democracy, and so
become the dictator of that party, as he has
attempted to be of the Republican party in
Missouri. Sir, in my opinion, it is his belief
in his ability to sway the whole "German ele-
ment" of the country that unsettles his alle-
giance to the party with which he has heretofore
acted; and whenever any man's allegiance to
his party is from any cause unsettled, his migra-
tion to another party is, sooner or later, the
natural and inevitable consequence. When he
migrates, be of course wishes not to go^ alone,
but to take with him such force as will give him
consequence, influence, power, with his new
friends. So would my colleague wish when
he sails into the snug harbor of Democracy.
Time will show whether that wish will be grat-
ified. I do not think it will.
Now, Mr. President, from all the history of
Missouri affairs which I have given to-day I
draw the conclusion that the bolt there was
a bid for the enfranchised rebel vote. Those
men that hastened the enfranchisement of the
rebels will make their claim for recognition
and reward by the rebels hereafter. Sir, unex-
pectedly, mournfully, that which I spoke on
the 4th day of July, 1862, is coming now to
pass. In an oration which I delivered on that
day I used these words :
"We wantno courting in advance of thevoiceof
a consolidated South when the Union is restored.
Wo want no intrigues of politicians for future ad-
vancement by those who trampled and spit upon the
flag of the Union and slew them that rushed to its
rescue. The latter have declared war against their
country, and every patriotshould declare war against
their domination."
Little did I think, Mr. President, when those
words were written and spoken, that the early
fulfillment of them would come in my own
State. It began there. ■ Itbegan there in 1866,
when the eulogy of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. McCreery] pronounced here
the other day upon Robert E. Lee was antici-
pated, in brief, by an ex-major general of
United States volunteers, who served through
the war, Frank P. Blair, who wrote the follow-
ing words in a letter of the 11th day of April,
1866:
" What civilized nation on earth would hesitate
an instant, if the opportunity offered, to incorporate
with themselves tho bravo and heroic-people of the
South, whose fortitude and endurance in a mistaken
cause challenges the admiration ol the world? Would
France or England, or any other civilized Power,
hesitate to give such men the full and equal rights
accorded to all other citizens? Would not tnoso
nations be most happy to claim as their own suoh
men as Lee and Johnston, and a host of others, and
to confer upon those living heroes the rewards which
genius arid courage have always demanded? Would
they fail to cherit.li, as a part of their own glory, the
memory of that illustrious throng of the rebel dead
led by Stonewall Jackson? Their fame belongs to
our name and nation, and their survivors, animated
by an equal courage and devotion, and inspired by
what we hope and believe is a better cause, will here-
after contribute equally with the noble spirits of the
North to the renown of our great Republic."
When, sir, to that you add what I read just
now from the speech of the "Liberal" Gov-
ernor-elect of Missouri you see the vindica-
tion of my belief, expressed nearly eight years
and a half ago, in the midst of the war, that
there would be found, after the war, men who
would, to use my colleague's expressive, if
not elegant phrase,.," crawl on their bellies"
to gain the favor and the votes of a subjugated
and consolidated South.
Mr. President, here I close, at once, my
reply to my colleague, my participation in
political affairs, and my service in this body.
After this day my voice will be heard no more
in this Chamber. Henceforth my lot is cast
in another sphere, where the calm of Justice
in a high and honorable tribunal wilf 'wel-
comelv succeed the storms of the political sea,
and the consciousness of dispensing the right,
as God enables me to see the right, will dignify
and brighten the laborsof a declining life. For
nearly four years I have represented here a
noble State. It was not unfit that my last
address to the Senate should be on behalf of
the true Republicans of that State, in the
gloomy hour of their causeless -and wicked
betrayal bv those they had trusted and hon-
ored—as time has proved, too confidingly
trusted, too generously honored. It may not
appear so clearly fit that I should, in conclu-
sion, add a few words of a character more per-
sonal to myself; but Senators will, I am sure,
in the kindness of the parting hour, forgive
their utterance.
I came here almost equally a stranger to the
Senate and to the laws and usages of deliber-
ative bodies. It is not strange, then, that 1
should have said and done much that in the
light of experience 1 would had been other-
wise. But one of the first things I learned here,
as it is one of the best I have ever learned,
