1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
615
generally, and particularly the bill (FX. It. No.
2089) making appropriations i'or the consular
and diplomatic expenses of' the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1872, and for
other purposes, and had come to uo resolution
thereon.
LEAVE OF ABSliNCU.
Mr. McCARTHY was granted leave of
absence for ten days.
Mr. STILES was granted leave of absence
until Monday next.
Mr. BIRD was granted leave of absence
until Tuesday next.
DISCI1AUGE3 IX BANKRUPTCY.
Mr. HOTCHKISS, by unan irnous consent,
introduced a bill (H. II. No. 280G) to prevent
frauds and perjuries in cases of debts dis-
charged under the bankrupt act; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
TELEGHAPII3.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the report of Gardiner G. Hubbard,
upon the subject of European telegraphs;
which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the select Committee on Postal Telegraph
Lines.
MICHAEL MONIIOT AND OTHERS.
Mr. REEVES, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2807) fortherelief
of Michael Monbot, David Monliot, Alonzo
Ryder, and Michael Redmond; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
AFFAIRS IN SOOTIIEKN STATES.
Mr. RAINEY. I ask unanimous consent
to present the memorial of the national colored
labor convention, on the condition of affairs
in the South, for printing and reference to the
Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Cannot that petition be
presented at the Clerk's desk and filed under
the rule?
The SPEAKER. It can; but the gentle-
man from South Carolina desires to have it
printed.
No objection being made, the memorial was
received, ordered to be printed, and referred j
to the select Committee on Reconstruction. ■
WAR IN EUROPE, j
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre- !
sented a memorial of citizens of Washington j
protesting against the cruelties practiced in the 1
war between Prance and Prussia, and in favor
of maintaining the republic of France : which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
REMOVAL, OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. PERCE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 2808J to relieve cer-
tain citizens therein named from political dis-
abilities ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the select Committee on Re-
construction, and ordered to be printed.
KKCONSIDKltATIOX OF REFERENCES.
Mr. HOLM AN moved to reconsider all votes
just taken, by which bills, &o., were referred or
recommitted ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLM AN. 1 move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC. j
The following petitions, &c., were presented j
undc-r the rule, and referred to the appropriate j
committees: ' j
By Mr. AMBLER: The memorial of Peter |
Sailor and 17 others, citizens and business
firms'of Massillon, Ohio, praying for a modifi-
cation in tiie present mode of taxing tobacco.
By Mr. ARCHER: The memorial of Maria
H. Curiri, praying relief.
By Mr. ARNELL: The petition of Wil-
liam D. Scates and 51 others, citizens of Union
City, Tennessee, praying Congress to establish
a national common-school system.
Also, the petition of A. J. Hunt and 433
others, citizens of Huntsville, Alabama, for aid
from Congress to establish public schools in
Alabama.
By Mr. BIGGS : The memorial of William
Lyons, of Smyrna, Delaware, asking for pay-
ment for certain crops and farm pr#perty de-
stroyed during the rebellion by the Federal
Army.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio : The petition
and accompanying papers of William Crutch-
field, for relief for quartermaster stores, &c ,
rent, and destruction of property by the United
States troops at Chattanooga, Tennessee.
By Mr. GETZ: The petition •f'Jobn Maltz-
berger, C. C. Maltzberger, JamesBeard, W. K.
Hagy, and H. W. Busky, of the city of Read-
ing, Pennsylvania, manufacturers and dealers
in tobacco, snuff, and cigars, praying for the
repeal of the special tax on the sales of those
articles.
By Mr. HILL: The petition of William 0.
Darcy & Sons, Benjamin Mills, and 4 others.
asking that a law be passed for the protection
of oakum manufactures.
By Mr. HOAR: The petition of W. W.
Holden, Governor, and others, State officers of
North Carolina, praying for the reestablish-
ment of the Freedmen's Bureau.
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of Col-
onel Hiram Prather and 7 others, soldiers of
the Union Army, residing at North Vernon,
Indiana, praying Congress to amend the home-
stead law in conformity to the suggestions of
Hon. Andrew J. Stevens, of Nebraska, for the
benefit of Union soldiers. I
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A jj tional section the following:
memorial and petition of citizens of Boston,
Massachusetts, praying Congress to promote
the interests of American ship-building and
commerce by legislation.
By Mr. JULIAN: A petition of 8G ladies
on the Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas, the
wives, mothers, daughters, and sisters of the
pioneer settlers on said lands, appealing to
Congress for justice and protection against a       
great outrage and wrong upon the people in j1 behalf on account of such pretended services. may
that section, through what is known as the be recovered by suit in the names of tho United States
' a !; in any court of the Lmted States, legnrJlcss ot the
i: amount in controversy, one bait of vhich shall be
paid to the person suing for the same, and the other
■ ; half of which shall be paid into the Treasury ot the
,} United States, for the use of the Indian or tribe by
■j or forwhora itwa* s<> paid: and the person soreceiv-
ing said money and his aiders and abettors shall, in
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 20, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Buti.ee, D. D., Chap-
lain of the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
' HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
| _ The joint resolution (II. R. No. 417) author-
: izing an American register to the British ship
i Robert L. Lane was read twice by its title, and
\ referred to the Committee on Commerce.
STOCKBRIDQE AND MCNSEE INDIANS.
I The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
| Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
j resentatives to the biji (S. No. G10) for the
j relief of the Stockbridge and Munsee tribe
. of Indians in the State of Wisconsin.
j The amendment was to insert in section two,
I after the words ''offered at public auction,"
j wherever those words occur, the words " at
, the nearest Government land office within tlie
' Green Bay agency."
i Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate con-
| cur in the amendment of the House of'Repre-
| sentatives.
| The motion was agreed to.
! 3IEN0M0NEE LANDS.
; The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 849} to author-
ize the sale of certain lands reserved for the
use of the^Menomonee tribe of Indians, in the
State of Wisconsin.
The first amendment was after the word
1 "auction," in line five of section two, to insert
j the words ''at the nearest Government laud
j office within the Green Bay agency,"' and to
| insert the same words at line thirteen, after
i the word "auction."
| The next amendment was after the word
j "operative," in line two of section five, to
I insert "as to the first five sections thereof."
The next amendment was to add as an addi-
Sec.6. And be it/itrther enacted. That hereafter no
j contract or agreement of any kind shall be made bv
! any person with any individual or tribe of Indians
| for the payment ot any money or other thing of
: value to him or any other person in consideration of
j services or pretended services for said Indians rela-
! tive to their lands, or any claims against annuities
! from or treaties with the United States: and all such
■ pretended contracts or agreements here;iiter made
i are hereby declared null and void, and all money or
! other thing of value paid to any person by any In-
dian or tribe, or any one else, for or on bis or their
"Joy purchase." They declare that it is
impossible for them to describe in this their
petition the hardships they have endured in
the last three years, and beg to state the simple
truth: that if Joy is to have the lee simple of
their homes they will be turned houseless and
homeless into the world, because it is impos-
sible for ihemto comply with the unreasonable
terms of the tyrant who is attempting to rob
them. The petitioners further declare that
they know that Congress has the power to pass
an act for their relief if it will; and they there-
fore pray for the homestead and preemption
rights promised to them when they settled that
country.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of Gilbert
C. Walker, Governor of Virginia: John S.
Marye, jr., Lieutenant Governor; Zeph. Tur-
ner, speaker of the house of delegates, and
104 members of the Legislature of Virginia,
praying an appropriation of public land or
money for the College of William and Mary.
Also, the petition of Washington Logan, of
Powhatan county, Virginia, praying remuner-
ation for the value of a boat and loading de-
stroyed by the Federal forces in March, 1805.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of H. L.
Rosenfield & Co. and ?>tj other firms and citi-
zens, of Cleveland, Ohio, for a law to relieve
manufactured tobacco, suuff, and cigars from
tax on sales.
addition to the forfeiture of said sum, be subject to
prosecution for misdemeanor in any court of the
United States, and, on conviction, shall be fined not
less than $1,000 and imprisoned not less than six
months; and it shall be the duty of all district attor-
neys of the United States to prosecute such eases
when applied to to do so. and their failure and refusal
shall be ground for their removal from office. And
, any Indian agent or other person in the employment
;j of the United States who shall advise, sanction, or
l! in any way aid in the making of such contracts or
j agreements, or in making such payments as arehere
:| prohibited, shall,'in addition to the punishment
i' hereby imposed on the person making said contract
ii or receiving said money. be, on conviction, dismissed
ii from the service of the United States, and be forever
ii disqualified from holding any office of profit or trust
;! under the same.
\ The next amendment was to add to the title
i, the words "and for other purposes."
Mr. HARLAN. One of those amendments
; seems to be a very important one. I move
ii that the Senate non-concur in the proposed
i; amendment and ask for a conference with the
; House of Representatives thereon.
i The motion was agreed to.
; By unanimous consent, it was
J Ordered, That the committee on the part of the
i Senate lie appointed by the Vice President.
I The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs,
i Harlax, Howe, and Davis.
