616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 20,
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION9.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a letter
of the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting,
in compliance with the resolution of the Sen-,
ate of the 8th of December, 1870, additional
.papers relative to colored schools in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
the Navy, transmitting, in pursuance of the act
ofMarchS, 1869, astatementin regard to clerks
iii that Department; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. MORTON. I prfesent the credentials
of Hon. Poster Blodgett, elected to the Uni-
ted Slates Senate from the State of Georgia,
for six years, from the 4th of March next, and
I ask that they be read, and laid on the table.
The credentials were read, as follows :
State of Georgia.
To the honorable the President of the Senate of the
United XUtten, greeting:
This is to certify that Hon. Foster Blodgett was
duly elected, in accordance with an act of Con-
gress to regulate the times and manner of holding
elections for Senators m Congress, approved July
£>, 1S6S, a Somitor for tho tci m beginning with the
4th day of March, 1871. and ending with the 3d day
of March, 1S77, in tho representation of this State
iu tho Senate of tho United States.
Given undor my hand and the great soal of the
State atthe capitol, in the city of Atlanta,, the
r -) Jlitli day of X'i briiarv, A. 1). 1870, and of the
t'■ «-j independence of tho UnitedStatesofAmerica,
the ninety-fourth.
11UPUS B. BULLOCK.
By tho Governor:
DAVID G. COTT1NS,
Secretary o/ Stilt*:.
The credentials were ordered to lie on the
table.
PETITIONS ANl> MKMOBIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents a joint resolution of the Legislature of
the Shite of Indiana, asking for the speedy
passage of the Ilotise bill, now pending in the
Senate, providing for granting pensions to the
surviving soldiers of tho war of 1812; and the
Chair may be allowed to add, as he is a citi-
zen of this State, that this joint resolution, as
he understands, passed both branches of the
Legislature of ludiana unanimously on a vote
by yeas and nays. It will be ordered to be
priuted and laid upon the table, as the Com-
mittee on Pensions have reported the bill
favorably and it is now oil the Calendar.
Mr, POME ROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent a memorial ot'.the Legislature of the State
of Kansas, memorializing Congress for the
passage of a law granting to settlers upon
nnofJert d public lands in thai State one year
more in which to pay for their premises. I
have also a petition, very numerously signed,
setting forth the reasons why the action of the
Legislature has been invoked, and why theie
should be passed an act for the relief of these
settlers. As the Committee on Public Lands
have authorized me this morning to report a
bill on the subject, I move that this memorial
bo printed and laid on the table ; and also that
the petition lie on the table, the committee
having acted on the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of J.
P. Marshall, of Clarke county, Virginia, and
of William H. Green, of Fauquier county, Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities-
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
the national labor union convention, in ses-
sion in the District of Columbia on the 9th,
10th, 11th, 12tb, and 13th days of this month,
in which they most earnestly pray Congress to
pass the bill now before the Senate Judiciary
Committee known as "Senator Sumnbb's bill.
supplementary to the civil rights act," and
they say that they ask this because they feel
that their rights and feelings are most ruth-
lessly outraged in cases which the bill in ques-
tion is intended to reach. There is one pas
sage of this petition which I think I ought to
read to the Senate, as follows:
"No attainment, more or less refined, no compli-
ance as to tho price of fare, no demeanor however
courteous and gentlemanly, no position even to the
elevated one of being an Executive of a State, of
being a member of Congress, of being a Dni ted States
Senator, or of being a retired citizen, protects per-
sons, if known to bo colored, from the indignity of
being compelled to travel under proscription on
steamboats, in a proscribed car, filled with the nau-
seating perfumes of tobacco, amid filth and an
amount of obsecnity anil vulgarity which is seem-
ingly reserved for the smoking car, to be endured
without restraint, as well by our wives and daugh-
ters as by ourselves."
Now, sir, I have to say that I sympathize
profoundly with the prayer of this petition.
Mr. POMEROY. So do I.
Mr. YATES. So do I.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend from Illinois says
so does he. I know he must, and this whole
Senate ought to sympathize with it; and I do
appeal to the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee to report back the bill, which is now
before that committee, which applies a remedy
to these terrible outrages. Why, sir, the
Lieutenant Governor of Louisiana, who was
admitted, of course, under our rules, to the
privilege of this floor, described to me the
indignity to which he was exposed in traveling
from New Orleans to Washington.
Now, sir, I hold that it is the duty of Con-
gress to provide a remedy. Sly honorable
friend, the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Moe-
tost,] nods assent. There must be equal rights
in cars, in steamboats, in hotels, in schools,
everywhere, in every institution or in every
place which has the sanction of existing law.
The bill which I had the honor of introduc-
ing some time ago, which is now slumbering
in the room of the Committee on the Judiciary,
applies a remedy to this class of cases.
Mr. TRCJMBULL. I inquire of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to what bill he refers?
Mr. SUMNER. A bill supplementary to
the civil rights act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is no such
bill pending in tho committee: 1 think it was
reported back long ago.
Mr. SUMNER. It is not on the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps it may have
been postponed indefinitely. I do not know
how that is. The committee reported ad-
versely on it. That is my recollection. I was
going to look on the Calendar to see.
Mr. SUMNER. It is not on the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it the bill introduced
by the Senator from Massachusetts?
Mr. SUMNER. It is the bill introduced by
me at the last session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it-was reported
atthe last session and has not been disposed of.
Mr. POMEROY. Reported back probably
on the last day of the session when the rest
were.
Mr. SUMNER. Then it was reported back
under circumstances which didnotdraw atten-
tion to it. I certainly supposed it was now in
the committee-room. It was never reported
in such a way as to draw my attention, though
I am generally in my seat; and with regard to
that bill I was particulalry watchful. How-
ever, the honorable chairman must know better
than I, and I do notpresume to makeany sug-
gestion to the contrary of what he has said.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think there is
auy such bill before the committee. That is
my recollection ; but I will look and see.
Mr. SUMNER. If it has been reported
back and indefinitely postponed without the
knowledge of the Senate then I think there
is much more ground of complaint. Tho bill
ought to have been carefully considered. It
was an earnest effort to apply a remedy to
this egregious abuse. Sir. we can do nothing
more profitable for ourselves or for our coun-
try during the present Congress than to apply
that remedy. I ask the reference of this peti-
tion to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ I learn at the Secre-
tary's table that the bill to which the Senator
refers was rpported back at the last session.
Mr. SUMNER. At what time?
Mr.- TRUMBULL. On the ^th of July,
some ten days before the close of the session.
I think we adjourned on the 15th.
Mr. SUMNER. It must have been reported,
then, with a bundle of other bills, so as to
attract no attention. I did not know that it
had been reported.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state that the
practice in reporting bills from the Committee
on the Judiciary, which I have observed, has
been to report back adversely bills that the
committee were opposed to, and to recom-
mend their indefinite postponement, but to
place them on the Calendar if any Senator
desired it; and where the Senator who intro-
duced the bill was present, and 1 supposed he
felt any interest in it, I have generally asked
him if he desired it to go on the Calendar. I
have no recollection now in reference to ibis
particular bill, but the Journal shows that it
was reported back on the 7th of July. I sup-
pose that to be the same bill; it was a bill
introduced by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like, then, to ask
unanimous consent to reconsider the vote by
which it was indefinitely postponed, so that it
may find its place on the Calendar, t think
there can be no objection to that.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, i object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made. The petition has been referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the committee have
acted on the subject, I can see no object in
referring the petition to that committee.
Mr. SUMNER. The committee may devise
another bill in order to carry out the idea of
the petition, and I hope the committee will.
I think we ought not to adjourn and go home
leaving that great abuse without remedv.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Massachusetts that
this being a different session from that, at which
the bill was indefinitely postponed the Senator
himself can introduce a bill of the same char-
acter and have it referred to the committee.
Mr. CONKHNG. I present the petition
of a number of citizens of the State of New
York, expressive of their approbation of the
recommendation in the President's message
touching a commission in regard to the Ala-
bama claims; and they ask legislation in the
spirit of that recommendation. As the bill
introduced by the honorable Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Buckingham] has gone to
that committee, I move the reference of this
petition to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I hold in my hand a certified
copy of a joint resolution ot the General Assem-
bly of the State of Indiana, instructing her
Senators in Congress to use their best efforts
to secure the speedy passage of a bill passed
by the House of Representatives at the last
session of Congress, and now pending in the
Senate of the United States, providing for the
granting of pensions to the surviving soldiers
of the war of 1312. I have been anticipated
in this matter by the presentation of the copy
which you, sir, made to the Senate this morn-
ing.
_ i hold in my hand, also, a copy of the House
bill referred to in this joint resolution. It
seems that it, came to this body from the
House of R presentatives on the 28th of May,
1870. and was upon that day referred to the
Committee on Pensions of this body. That
