1442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
taken into account for one moment in com-
parison with the important fact of knowing
what territory belongs to us and what to
another nation ?
If there have been extravagant appropria-
tions upon that portion of the line which has
already been run, let us take care that there
be no extravagance in the expenditure of the
appropriation provided in this joint resolution.
But as to the necessity of fixing this boundary
line, there can be no debate among gentlemen
on this floor. Our dignity as a nation requires
it. • If our territorial boundaries are not worth
ascertaining, our existence as a nation is not
worth maintaining.
It is not enough for the gentleman, in re-
sisting such a proposition as this, to say, " It
may eost a good deal of money." What are
the mere dollars and cents, compared with
the right of the Government to protect itself
in that region of the country where, as every
member of this House knows, there has been
within the last two years sufficient turmoil,
bidding fair "at one time to involve our nation
in the conflicts which were going on there be-
tween the Government of the British domin-
ions and the "rebels," as they called them.
We need to know our boundary lines, so that
if such things occur again we can properly
meet the question, and in doing so know that
we are within our legitimate boundaries.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, my colleague
[Mr. Dawes] suggested to the House the other
day that the report of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs on this question was a "scheme."
Every member knows what such an expression
implies.
Mr. DAWES. If I used the word "scheme"
(I do not recollect using it, but probably I
did) I had no intention of using it in any
sense reflecting upon the committee, or upon
any public officer whatever. I beg my col-
league and the other members of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to be assured that
I meant no reflection upon them.
Mr. BANKS. I knew that my colleague did
not intend what he said, but I marked the
word perfectly well, for I knew what would be
the impression upon the House. The tongue
of my colleague is like the spear of Achilles ;
it heals where it wounds. He did use the
language, though he is now willing to make
amends by taking it back.
He claimed from the House the right to
speak in his own time, taking from my col-
league on the Committee on Forigen Affairs,
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Swann,]
the power to manage this joint resolution, and
by some conversation of that kind he occu-
pied the time of the House until the joint
resolution went over, although the previous
question had been called. And we are now
indebted to the generosity of the House for
having this opportunity to consider and pass
upon this proposition, which would, perhaps,
have otherwise be.en lost for want of time.
Now, let me say, Mr. Speaker, that no
measure has ever been presented to this House
which has been more carefully considered than
this one, not only by gentlemen on this side,
but by gentlemen on the other side of the
House. The two gentlemen representing the
Democratic party give as much and as care-
ful attention to the business of the House
as any other members of thecommittee; and,
indeed, this question was in the hands of one
of them. It has been a3 thoroughly con-
sidered and canvassed as any measure pre-
sented here.
When I state in one word what it is no
member of the House will feel called upon to
vote against it. It is presented by the Presi-
dent of the United States. He notifies us that
it has been discovered that the boundary run
between the United States and Great Britain
on this continent is not the true boundary. He
informs us that the British Government con-
cedes that it is not the real boundary, and he
asks us for authority and an appropriation to
run a new boundary. This questionable new
boundary touches the most important part of
the British provinces and especially to gentle-
men representing the West. It reaches from
the Lake of the Woods to the Rocky mount-
ains. It takes in the Assiniboine and the
Saskatchewan country. It takes in that terri-
tory upon Lake Winnipeg which has been the
scene of revolution for the last two or three
years, and where the germ of independence of
the British colonies must arise if it arises at
all. He has notified us that the officers of the
Treasury do not know where to enforce and
where not to enforce the laws of the United
States. He has given us information that a
British fort is upon the territory of the United
States. We have been informed this morning
by official documents that portions of the Brit-
ish army occupy what is conceded and what
we understand to be the territory of the United
States. American officers say that, the Presi-
dent claims that, and the British Government
concedes it. With all these questions it is cer-
tainly our duty to run the line, with the con-
sent of the two Governments, so that every
citizen and every officer shall know exactly
where it is.
My colleague says that it took fifteen years
to run the boundary between the United State's
and Great Britain. That was under the treaty
of 1846. That was a difficult problem. It
extended across nearly the whole continent.
It was done at a time when we knew com-
paratively nothing, and when we had no dis-
tinct lines of boundaries which we were to
follow. It was an abnormal question, and
presented many difficulties which consumed
much time. I am not here to justify the occu-
pation of fifteen years.
Mr. DAWES. I have looked over the
Globe—I had not seen it before—and do not
find the word there.
Mr. BANKS. It was in my colleague's
speech. It struck me between wind and water,
and I could not forget it.
Mr. DAWES. I do not recollect using it,
and it is not in the Globe.
Mr. BANKS. It was in his remarks. I
have not read the Globe myself.
Mr. JUDD. I called attention to it.
Mr. BANKS. It is of no consequence.
We do not justify the occupying of fifteen
years to run the original boundaries ; but that
has nothing to do with the present question.
My colleague might as well object to the money
appropriation for the Pacific coast. This is a
new question absolutely necessary to be de'
termined for the peace of the country and for
the preservation of peace between the people
upon that line, and we ask only a reasonable
suqj, $100,000. If another $100,000 shall be
asked of another Congress it will have a right
to require that it shall be shown what has been
done and what more will be necessary to com-
plete the work.
My friend and colleague intimates that we
are likely to get possession of this whole prov-
ince. Sir, if the high commission about to
sit were disposed to make that concession to
us, (which I very much doubt indeed, and
which does not appear to me to be even within
the list of questions submitted to it,) it would
never do so if this Congress, in the presence
of the fact stated by the President of the
United States, that a British fort is on our
soil, occupied by British troops, should refuse
a survey to establish what is oar territory and
our boundary line, because it will cost a few
thousand or even a few hundred thousand
dollars.
I am sure that on this statement the House
will relieve us of any suspicion that we have
any private or personal motives in the intro-
duction of this joint resolution, and that it will
give us a very generous if nota unanimous vote
in its favor. I now ask a vote.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
passage of the joint resolution, on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
• The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 73, not voting
47 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler. Archer, Arm-
strong, Asper. Atwood, Bailey, Banks. Barnuui,
Barry. Beck, Bennett, Biggs,Bingham. Bird, Bluir,
Boles, Bowen, Buckley. Burr, Calkin, Churchill,
William T. Clark, SidneyCiarke, AtnasaCobb, Clin-
ton L. Cobb, Conger, Conner, Cook, Cnwles. Cox,
Darrall, Joseph Dixon,Doekery, Donley. Dox, Duke,
Duval, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferry. Fisher. Fitch,
Fox, Garfield, Gibson, Gilfillan, Haight, Hntde-
man, Hambleton, Hamill, Hamilton, Harris, Hays.
Heflin, Hoar, Hooper, Jenckes. Johnson. Alexander
H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kellogg:, Kelsey, Kerr, Koapp, Lash, Lewis, Logan,
Long, Lynch. Manning, Marshall, Mayham. Mc-
Kenzie, McNeely, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore,
Morey.Daniel J.Morrell. Morrissey, Myers, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Packer, Halbert E. Paine, William
W. Paine, Peters, Poland, Porter, Potter. Price,
Rainey> Koots, Sanford, Sherrod, Shober, Sloeum,
Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Steven-
son, Stokes, Scone, Stoughton, Strader, Strickland,
Swann, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman, Whiteley, Whit-
more, Wilkinson, Willard, Eugene M. Wilson, Win-
chester, and Wood—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Ayer, Beatty,
Benjamin, Bethune, George M. Brooks, Back. Buf-
finton, Burchard, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler,
Cessna, Coburn, Corker, Crebs, Dawes, Degener,
Dickinson. Dyer, Ferriss, Fmkeinburg, Getz, Haw-
kins, Hawiey, Hay, Hoge, Holman, Ketcham, Law-
rence, Loughridge. Maynard, McCorinick.McCrary,
McGrew, Mercur, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore,
Morphis, Mungen, Negley, Palmer. Perce, Phelps,
Piatt, Pomeroy, Prosser, Randall, Reeves. Rogers,
Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks John A. Smith,
Stiles, Strong, Sypher, Trimble, Tyner, Van Auken,
Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Voorhees,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Wells, Wheeler,
Williams. .Fohn T.Wilson, Wolf, and Young—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arneil, Beaman,
Benton, Booker, Boyd, James Brooks, Benjamin F.
Butler, Cake, Cleveland, Cullora. Dickey,Nathan F.
Dixon, Ela, Griswold, Hale. Hill. Holmes, Hotch-
kiss, Ingersoll, Knott. Lafiin, McCarthy, McKee,
Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Newsham, Nibluck,
Peck, Rice, Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, William J.Smith. Starkweather. Stevens,
Sweeney, Taylor, Townsend, Twichell, Upson. Wal-
lace, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Winans,
Witcher, and Woodward—47.
So the joiat resolution was passed;
Mr. SWANN" moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
the tennessee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair directs the
following telegram, from the associated press,
to be read for the information of the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
"New York, February 20.
" The steamship North America has arrived from
Rio Janeiro, via St. John's, and brings news of the
safe arrival of the Tennessee at San Domingo."
" San Domixgo City, February 3.
" The commission arrived here from Samana Bay
yesterday. Every one connected with the party is
in excellent health. A want of coaling facilities
detained the ship six days at Samana. The com-
mission found that the inhabitants of that peninsula
generally favor annexation. A full investigation
made into the ownership of the land around the har-
bor showed that no United States official is involved
in any private transactions there whatsoever. Faben3
and associates and O'Sullivan have a perpetual
lease, at a nominal price, of nearly all the available
water front for the large vessels around the harbor
of Samana. There are no valuable minerals in that
section.
"The commission landed hero this morning, and
were form ally received by Baez. Mr. Wade explained
the character of the object. Baez and cabinet gave
a cordial welcome. Baez said peace and a stable
government would follow the union with the United
States. The people wereall anxious for union. Cab-
ral had no Dominicans with him. The commanders
of the forcehe was supposed to command were Hay-
tians, and Haytiwas the real mover in the whole
matter. He had information that an incursion was
to be made while the commission was here to influ-
ence them, and from his agents had learned the
whole movement. He expressed tho hope that the
commissioners would examine all classes, and prom-
ised to extend every facility. Five of the party camo
across the island trom Samana to this place. Tho
commission find thus far no appearanec of publicdi?-
tnrbance&or dissensions. The reason is very healths.
The officers and crews of the United States steamers
Tennessee, Nantasket, and Tan tic* now in this har-
bor, are all well. The commission will be here a
week longer, and will probably visit Azua next week.
The stories of trouble there are untrue. The com-
