187L
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1443
mission intend to start home in about four weeks. I
To-night Baez agreed to give a safe eonductto Cabral I
or any of his officers to come here and meet the com- j
mission, and messengers will be dispatched at once." j
tax on lotteries. j
Mr. JULTAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. II. No. 3062) to increase the
internal revenue derived from lotteries, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3063)
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
80tb June, 1872, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the bill just
reported be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, md made a
special order for to-morrow, imme liately after
the reading of the Journal.
Mr. WOOD. Will that interfere with the
morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. It will, provided the
House goes into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ; but it will be a ques- |
tion whether the House will go into Commit- ;
tee of the Whole on the motion suggested. i
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will make it the special order
after the morning hour.
Mr. WHEELER. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that to-morrow,
immediately after the reading of the Journal
has been fixed for the hearing of the Southern
Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. RANDALL. And I call the attention
of the House to the fact that this is a struggle
between an appropriation bill and a land-grant
bill.
Tbe SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question precisely. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Wheeler,] the chairman of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, gave notice
last week that to morrow, immediately after
the reading of the Journal, he would report
back the Southern Pacific railroad bill, which
was referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad with the right to report at any time.
Under that notice the Chair will recognize him
after the reading of the Journal, and the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
can raise, under the rules, the question of con-
sideration, and that will enable the House to
determine wlrch bill they will proceed with.
Mr. WHEELER. I am satisfied with that
arrangement.
The question was taken ou Mr. Dawes's
motion; and it was agreed to.
WILLIAM M'GARUAIIAX.
The House resumed, as the regular order
of business, the consideration of the report
of the Committee on the Judiciary on the
memorial of William McGarrahan, referred to
the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs the atten-
tion of the House to a parliamentary point
involved, and which escaped his attention ou
Saturday. The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Cook,] a member of the Committee on the
Judiciary, offered a resolution, which the Clerk
will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Cook. With the consent of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Peters,] I offer the following
amendmentasan addition to the resolution reported
by thecommitr.ee: ,
"'Be it resolved, &c„ That the President of the
United States shall cause tbe tract of land situate
in tho State of California, known as the Panoche
Grande, to be surveyed and exposed to publie sale
in whole or in such quantities as he may deem best
for tho public interests, and that the proceeds of
such sale shall be paid into the Treasury of the
United States: Piovided, That tho rights of indi-
vidual settlers, not including corporations, on said
land, under the homestead and preemption laws of
the United States, shall not be iffeeted by the pas-
sage of this resolution.'
"Mr. Bingham. That gives the land to the New
Idria Company.
"Mr. Peter.-!. I wish to inquire of the gentleman
from Illinois whether he does not mean this as an
amendment.in addition?
"The Speaker. The Chair understood him to
offer it as a substitute.
"Mr. Cook. No; as an amendment to the report
of the committee."
The SPEAKER. At the time the amend-
ment was offered by the reading at the desk—
and it was so recorded in the Globe—the Chair
understood it to be an additional House res-
olution. The pending resolution reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary was a simple
House resolution, a declaratory resolution.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook]
moved to amend, as the Chair presumed, with
resolution of the-same kind, but his amend-
ment is a joint resolution, and therefore really
presents a legislative impossibility, as a joint
resolution and a House resolution cannot be
considered on the'same motion. The one
must be read three times, and be engrossed
and passed; the other is simply passed. A
House resolution is not sent to the Senate;
it ends with being recorded on the Journal.
This resolution would have to be sent to the
Senate. It is impossible to consider them
both together. The Chair would have promptly
ruled the amendment out at the time had he
understood that it was a joint resolution, and
the Chair will state to the gentleman that he j
will recognize it still as a House resolution if j
that will accomplish the object. j
Mr. COOK. I will modify it sp as to make i
it a House resolution, and offer it as a sub- !
stitute for the other resolution. |
Mr. PETERS. I object to the change. |
Mr. KERR. He cannot offer it as a sub- i
stitute now without consent. ]
The SPEAKER. The Chair would not have i
allowed the gentleman to offer it as a substi- j
tute. He offered it as an amendment. The
Chair interrogated him whether it was a sub-
stitute or an amendment, and he declared that
it was an amendment. The understanding
was that it was an amendment to the resolu-
tion offered by the majority of the committee.
Mr. PETERS. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If the resolution should be
passed, would it be anything but bruiurn ful-
menl
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary inquiry. It is a legal question altogether. ]
Mr. COOK. I offered it as a substitute.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs members
of the House to give attention. There is no
more important point affecting the legislation
now under consideration than this parliament-
ary question involved.
Mr. COOK. I would like to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. I understand that the
resolution offered by the minority of the com-
mittee is a joint resolution offered as a substi-
tute for the majority resolution. Is that reso-
lution of the minority in order?
The SPEAKER. The rule of the House is
very specific, and, as it is brief, the Chair will
read it:
"Joint resolutions cannothe amended so as to con-
vert them into bills or simple resolutions, nor can
bills or simple resolutions be so amended as to con-
vert them into joint resolutions."
But the House, by unanimous consent, gave
the minority of the Committee on the Judiciary
the right to report for consideration this joint
resolution, and by that unanimous consent
waived the force of this rule. But the point
involved in the resolution of tbe gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Cook] goes still further,
and attempts to do that which the House
cannot do, even by unanimous consent; that
is, to pass a simple House resolution and a
joint resolution in the same series. That is a
legislative impossibility; it cannot be done
under any rule nor by force of any rule. A
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
main question was ordered, if carried, would
enable the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook]
to offer his resolution in any form he desires.
The Chair is only desirous of expediting the
will of the majority of this House.
Mr. FARNSWORTtl. Cannot my col-
league move, by way of amendment, to add a
simple resolution to the one reported by tbe
majority of the Committee on the Judiciary?
The SPEAKER. That is what the Chair
understood to be his motion as entertained on
Saturday last. But it turns out to be a joint
resolution, which could not be offered as an
amendment to a simple House resolution.
The gentleman wrote his resolution in this
form: "Be it resolved by the Senate and
House of Representatives of the U nited States
of America in Congress assembled." That
prefix to the resolution is not included in full
in the Globe report, nor was it read at the
Clerk's desk when it was offered on Saturday.
Mr. FARMS WORTH. Could he not offer
his resolution as a substitute for the resolution
reported by the minority of the Committee ob
the Judiciary?
The SPEAKER. That would be in order,
provided the order of the main question should
be reconsidered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is not the Chair bound
to construe the paper according to its legal
effect, and not according to its literal ren-
dering?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has nothing at
all to do with legal effect; only with the par-
liamentary effect.
Mr. MAYNARD. The resolutionwas intro-
duced in such a manner as to make it a House
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
indicated that be will regard it as a House
resolution if the gentleman desires it; and the
gentleman has this morning informed tbe House
that it would not do as a House resolution.
Mr. COOK. I do not think it is properly a
House resolution. I will move to reconsider
the vote by which the main question was
ordered, so that I may offer another resolution
in the proper form.
The SPEAKER. The Journal Clerk in-
forms the Chair that the resolution is jour-
nalized as a House resolution.
Mr. COOK. I send to the Clerk's desk and
ask to have read for the information of the
House the resolution which T propose to offer
if the previous question is reconsidered.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That in the opinion of this House there
is not sufficient evidence that either William McGar-
rahan or the Xew Idria Mining Company has a title,
either legal or equitable, to tbe land known as the
Panoche Grande in the State of California, and that
such proceedings should at ones be instituted as will
recover tbepossession ofthesameandassertthetitl©
of the United States therein.
Mr. COOK. I will first ask unanimous con-
sent to substitute the resolution just read in
place of the one I offered on Saturday.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to any modifica-
tion.
Mr. COOK. Then I move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The order for the main
question having been reconsidered, the reso-
lution is divested of the operation of the pre-
vious question, and is now open to amendment.
Mr. COOK. I withdraw the resolution I
offered on Saturday, and now offer as a substi-
tute for tbe resolution reported by the majority
of the Committee on the Judiciary that which
has just been read.
The SPEAKER. There is already pending
a substitute for tbe resolution reported by the
majority of the Committee on the Judiciary;
and the resolution of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cook] if offered as a substitute must
be as a substitute for the resolution of the
minority of the committee. One substitute is
already pending, and the resolution of the gen-
tleman as a substitute cannot take precedence
of that.
