1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
611
committee has had this subject under consid-
eration at various times from the period of its
reference until about a week since, when it
was considered and a majority agreed to a
favorable report, recommending to the Senate
the passage of the bill in the precise form in
which it came from the House of Represent-
atives. I am free to say that the bill is not as
comprehensive in its terms as personally 1
could desire, because the pensions which are
granted are not extended generally to the offi-
cers, soldiers, and sailors of the war of 1812
and the surviving widows of those who are
dead, but is limited in its terms to those who
are in circumstances which render them depend-
ent upon their own labor, or who are depend-
ent upon others for support. That is the
limitation of the bill, and this is the form of
bill which the Senators from Indiana are in-
structed by this joint resolution to support.
For myself, Mr. President, I am free to say
that 1 required no instruction from the Gen-
eral Assembly of my State to give my hearty
and unreserved support to this bill. I could
have wished personally that it was broad enough
to comprehend all the survivois of that war.
From the best estimates which 1 have been
able to make, I do not suppose they exceed in
number five or six thousand at this time.
I lise now, Mr. President, to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to this bill for the purpose
of asking the consent of the Senate that it
may bp made the special order of the day for
next Wednesday. It has been now nearly
eight months since it came into this body from
the House of Representatives. It is a meas-
ure of imperative justice; we ought to pas3
upon it at the present session ; and therefore
I ask the consent of the Senate to make this
bill the special order for Wednesday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana asks that by unanimous consent the
House bill granting pensions to the surviving
soldiers of the war of 1812 be made the special
order for Wednesday next. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not take the bill
up now and dispose of it before one o'clock.
Mr. PRATT. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Isthere objection
to considering the bill at the present time?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we shall be allowed
to get through with the morning business.
Mr. PRATT. It will not take five minutes j
to pass it. It is a short bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Sen-
ators have risen with morning business, which
is in the nature of an objection, according to
the usuages of the Senate. The Chair will
state to "the Senator from Indiana that the
Chair submitted the joint resolution because
the Legislature of Indiana ordered a copy of
the resolution to be transmitted to the Vice
President as well as to the Senators from Indi-
ana, and therefore it was his duty to submit it
to the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I hold in my hand a copy
of the same resolution referred to by my col-
league, requesting me to vote for a bill giving
pensions to the soldiers of the war of 1812.
While I do not recognize the right of instruc-
tion, I would receive such a resolution as
advice entitled to very high respect. I desire
further to say that I have once voted for this
bill, and shall be glad to do so again. I think
this act of justice and humanity ought not to
be longer deferred. These old men are fast
passing away, and should not be allowed to
go to their graves with the conviction that
their country is ungrateful.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These resolu-
tions will be laid on the table, as the commit-
tee have reported on the subject.
disord bbs in the south.
Mr. MORTON. I presented a memorial
yesterday from the national labor convention
of the colored people in regard to the condi-
tion of the southern States. I now ask that
that memorial he referred to the special com-
mittee appointed yesterday. I desire further,
to say that while by the etiquette of the Senate
I suppose I should be entitled to be appointed
chairman of that committee, I could not accept
that appointment. The condition of my health
would prevent me from performing the labora
that I think that committee will be called upon
to perform.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial
referred to will be taken from the table and
referred to the select committee ordered to be
appointed.
REPORTS 01' commuters.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution {II. R. No. 285) in favor of Joshua
Bishop, late lieutenant commander United
States Navy, reported it with an amendment,
and submitted a report; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1154) to incorporate the Great Salt
Lake and Colorado River Railway Company,
and lo aid in the construction of its road, and j
for other purposes, have had the same under
consideration, and directed me to report it back
with several amendments, aud to accompany
the bill by a written report. This road is to
be over a neglected and almost unknown por-
tion of the country, and the committee thought
it desirable that a written report should accom- j
pany the bill, giving the character of the coun-
try, the length of the road, and the factsrelating
to" it. I move that the report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (8.
No. 1079) to constitute the town of Shreveport,
in the State of Louisiana, a port of delivery,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its in-
definite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1130) to protect
the lives and property of the crews, passen-
gers, and merchants on board of sea-going and
coasting vessels in the mercantile marine of the
United States, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1084) to consti-
tute the city of Leavenworth, in the State of
Kansas, a port of delivery, reoorted adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
244) for accepting the proposal of the Inter-
national Steamship Company for construct-
ing and placing iron steamships in transat-
lantic service reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 253) explanatory of the
act admitting the State of Oregon into the
Union, reported it with amendments, and sub-
mitted a report thereon ; which was'ordered to
be printed.
settlers on public i.ands.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 277) for the relief of
settlers on the public lands, have had the
same under consideration, and directed me to
report it back without amendment, and rec-
ommend its passage. I ask for its present con-
sideration, as it only relates to one subject,
that is, it gives settlers on unoffered lands one
year longer to make the payment and proof.
The Legislature of Kansas have memorialized
Congress on this subject. I presented their
memorial this morning.
By unanimous consent, the fcsnate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It proVides that
settlers on the public lands of the United
States v/ho have been required to make proof
and payment for their lands under the "act
to extend the provisions of the preemption.
laws to the Territory of Colorado, and for
other purposes,'" approved July 14, 1870, and
by instructions from the General Land Office,
under date July 30, 1870, shall have twelve
months' additional time given them under
which to make such proof and payment.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
MESSAGE I'll Oil THE IIOCSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the enrolled bill (H. II. No. 2252) for
the relief of Malinda Harmon, widow of Jacob
Harmon, deceased, of Greene county, Tennes-
see; and it was thereupon signed by the Vice
President.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. THURMAN, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
john' e. bennett.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1051) for the relief of John R. Bennett,
late register of the land office at Chatfield,
Minnesota, have had the same under consid-
eration, and have directed me to report it back
to the Senate favorably. The committee have
also unanimously directed me to ask for its
present consideration.
Mr. NYE. By the consent of the Senate, a
short time in the morning hour was allotted to
me this morning to call up Senate bill No. 1092
and submit some remarks upon it. I am anx-
ious to do that. If this bill is going to lead to
any discussion—
Mr. SPRAGUE. This bill will not lead
to discussion. It is one of great merit, in
which the Senator from Minnesota feels great
interest.
Mr. PATTERSON. If this leads to any
debate, I must object. I want to get up the
bill that I asked action en yesterday morning,
and to which the Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Corbktt] has consented to withdraw his objec-
tion. It is very important that it should go
through at once, because the Committee 1'or
the District of Columbia in the House of Rep-
resentatives have to-day, and I want to get this
bill to them to-day.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This bill cannot give rise
to any objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the bill reported by the Senator from
Rhode Island, subject to objection.
The Secretary read the bill (H. IL No. 1051)
for the relief of John R. Bennett, late register
of the land office at Chatfield, Minnesota. It
proposes to allow $7,706 89 to John R. Ben-
nett, late register of the laud office at Chatfield,
Minnesota, to reimburse him for the money
necessarily paid out and expended by him in
the payment of clerks necessarily employed in
that land office, between the 8th of July, 1854,
and the 31st of May, 1861.
The bill was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to know why
that money was not paid at the proper time.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The report will show.
Mr. RAMSEY. I can assure the Senator
from Iowa that it is all right.
Mr. HARLAN. Let the report be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
made by Mr. Holjun in the House of Repre-
sentatives:
"Upon the claim of Jolm II. Bennett for contpen-
sntion for extra clerk hire, paid by him while kciijik
as register of United States land otace at Brownt-viUe
