618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
and Chatfield, Minnesota, the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands would report as follows:
" That, said Bennett acted as such officer for seven
years, and received as total compensation $16,514 74;
that he gave his whole personal attention to the
business of the office, and paid out for extra cler-
ical service the sum of $7,706 89; that this ernploy-
.rnent of clerks was at a time when preemptions and
entries of land were being rapidly made and became
necessary from the pressing public business; that
the increase of business arose largely on account of
entries by land warrants which required more than
ordinary time and trouble; that attached to these
entries was a fee of one dollar for each forty acres,
to one half of which, both from ordinary construc-
tion of the law and from the decision of several fed-
eral courts to that effect, the applicant had a right
to believe himself entitled. These fees would in nis
ease have amounted to some $16,250, in addition to
above amount received.
"Upon the basis of this belief the applicant made
the large expenditure of $7,7U6 89, above stated, for
clerk hue. But years afterward jthe Supreme Court
decided that such fees belonged to the United States,
and he was called upon by the General Land Office
to pay over the amount, with the intimation that the
amount for clerk hire wouid be refunded by Con-
gress. With such expectation the applicant raised
the amount by mortgaging his property, and did pay
over to the Departmental! said fund. Had the said
decision of the Supreme Court been the accepted law
at the time lhe applicant could not have supplied
the extra force in his office, and Congress must have
passed a law allowing the same, or have established
additional land districts.
"We therefore muintam that ho is equitably enti-
tled to have refunded to him the $7,700 89. by him
paid out for the Uovcrnment.
"We cannot refrain iron calling attention to
the peculiar case of the applicant. Through the
mortgage above mentioned he lost all his property,
lie was a brave soldier through the Mexican war.
Though exempt by age, he recruited a company ior
the Federal Army near (he commencement of the
rebellion, and fought gallantly through to the end.
A iittie more than a year since he was robbed of the
small amount saved from ins pay during the war,
and is now left without means, at sixty-seven years
of age. and witli minor daughters dependent upon
him alone for support.
"A bill (S.No. 090) has passed the Senate allowing a
claim of precisely the same character to the heirs of
Eli Moore of Kansas. Several officers, we are in-
formed, retained ol the sauie kind of fees sufficient to
pay such extra clerk line, and have not been com-
pelled to pay ovei by tho Government.
"We therefore recommend tho passage ofthe bill."
Mr. HARLAN. I would just remark that
this is mi old customer. It is a class of cases
that have been rejected by the Senate time-out
of maid, and 1 see nothing new in the repoit.
The registers of the land offices make more
money out of that kind of work than they do
out of any other that 13 done. I do not think
the bill ought to be passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator object to the present consideration of
the billV
Mr. HARLAN. I shall not object to its
consideration; but 1 shall feel bound to ask
for the yeas and nays on its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill is before tho Senate as ill
Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ami ordered to a third reading.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. After what the Senator
from Iowa has said, I wish he would tell us a
little more about the case. If I understood
him aright, this is one of a class of claims that
have been uniformly denied by Congress. From
the little 1 have heard, I do not understand
what it is precisely. Will the Senator be good
enough to explain it?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state what this bill
is in a few words. I think the Senator from
Iowa is not quite correct in saying that all
such claims have been rejected by the Senate,
for we passed a bill standing upon the same
jninciple, at the last session, in favor of one
.Eli Moore in Kansas. This man was register
of the land office for eight years in Minnesota,
and for his services during that time he received
some $10,000 altogether. He paid out of that
for regular clerks about eight thousand dollars;
so that his entire compensation during that
time was from ten to eleven hundred dollars
a year ; and then, in addition to that, he paid
out for extra clerk hire the amount specified
in this bill; and he produces the vouchers,
produces the receipts of these extia clerks,
showing that they actually did receive this
amount of money.
At that time it was supposed that the regis-
ter was entitled to the fees mentioned in.this
report. It was so decided by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, and it was
so decided by the district courts of the United
States; but the Supreme Court afterward
reversed the decisions of the inferior courts
upon that subject. This old gentleman had
retained these fees, supposing that he was
entitled to them under the instructions of the
General Land Office; but when the Supreme
Court reversed the decision the Government
called upon him for the payment of these fees,
and he mortgaged his property in order to raise
the money with which to reimburse the United
States. He mortgaged his own property for
this money which he had paid out to clerks,
every dollar of which he had paid to clerks,
one dollar of which he tiever used for his own
benefit, and that mortgage was foreclosed and
his property was all taken from him, and he
was reduced to penury in consequence of being
compelled to refund that amount to the Gen-
eral Government.
In view of those facts, as this is a House
bill accompanied by a report from the House
committee, we thought it best to have prompt
action. Of course it has no particular bear-
ing on the point to say that Mr. Bennett is an
old man and was in the Mexican war, and in
the late rebellion all the way through, and is
now utterly destitute, with a family on his
hands. That might appeal to the sympathies
of the Senate but it is not very pertinent to
the case before us. However, upon the other
ground, there seems to be a very strong equity
in his favor. He has paid out, under instruc-
tions of the General Land Office, so much
money. At the time he was register there was
a great number of land warrants located and
a tremendous rush upon tho office, and he was
directed by the General Land Office to employ
the necessary clerks to do the business, and
he acted in accordance with those instructions.
Having paid out this entire amount of money,
it seems right enough that he should be reim-
bursed by the Government, as he derived no
benefit whatever from it. Several other land
officers who received these fees in the same
way have retained them and refused to give
them back. Although the Supreme Court
decided the other way, I have always thought
there were grave doubts about the correctness
of the decision.
Mr. TRUMBOLL. "What were the clerical
duties that were performed, allow me to inquire
of the Senator?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Entering these land
warrants.
Mr. NYE. It is evident that this bill will
consume all the morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada objects to thefurther consideration of
the bill, and it will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Nevada
did not object to its further consideration.
Mr. NYE. We were assured that it would
not lead to debate, but it is evidently going to
take all the time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Does the Sen-
ator from Nevada withdraw his objection? ■
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir; let it go on.
The bill was read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the passage
of this bill the Senator from Iowa demands
the yeas and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote is taken
on this question, it seems to me we ought to
know something about it. Here is a proposi-
tion to pay clerks in a land office. I suppose
it was the duty of the register to attend to this
business. The law provides that each land
officer shall have a salary of $500, and that he
is to have certain fees, which may amount to
$3,000, and all oyer that lie is to account for
to the United States. If there was any con-
I siderable business in this land office, the regis-
ter would have received his $3,000. There
could not have been much business there,
because the Senator from Oregon tells us that
his compensation amounted to only $1,000 a
year. Then there was no business for a clerk
to do.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator does not
understand the case. I say that he received
this $3,000; that out of these $3,000 he em-
ployed two regular clerks, which reduced his
actual compensation, after paying his regular
clerks, to about one thousand or eleven hun-
dred dollars per annum ; and the clerks referred
to in this bill were extra clerks, which he was
compelled to employ in order to do the extra
business. He employed them under the direc-
tion of the General Land Office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. lunderstand now what
I did not understand before, that this land
officer received the maximum pay allowed by
law, $0,000 a year, and now he wants the Gov-
ernment of the United States to pay for the
clerks which he employed. If that is done in
this case it must be done in all others.
Mr. POMEROY. This is only for the extra
clerks, not for his regular clerks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are no extra
clerks that I know of in the land offices.
Mr. WILSON. He employed them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If he employed them
there was no necessity for his employing
them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator will under-
stand that when there was this press of busi-
ness upon these different land offices appli-
cation was frequently made to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office as to what
should be done. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office, as I know in more than
one case, instructed the land officers to em-
ploy the necessary force to do the business,
supposing ol' course that the land officers
would be entitled to these fees, with which
they could pay the extra clerks, and under
these instructions they proceeded to employ
extra clerks, and they were paid, and every-
thing was supposed to be settled. There was
no claim against the United States. But the
Supreme Court came in and reversed this
ruling of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office and of the inferior courts, and
then the Government compelled tins old man
to pay back to the United States all the money
he had paid to these extra clerks, and the con-
sequence was that he was ruined by that course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like to inquire
whether there is in this report or in these
papers any evidence that the Commissionerof
the General Land Office directed this officer
to employ extra clerks at the expense of the
Government ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know whether
there is any such order in the papers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there were any such
evidence as that, it might alter the case ; but
I apprehend it will not be found. When he
was directed to employ clerks, and the Gen-
eral Land Office was informed that there was
a pressure of business, 1 presume the direc-
tion was to employ sufficient clerks to dis-
charge the duties. He had accepted the office
of register of the land office, and the laws of
the United States do not allow to these officers
clerks. It allows them a compensation of
$3,000 per annum, or such fees that if there
is any considerable business they amount to
that. That was intended to be the limit of
the compensation. If you open this door and
go back, (and this goes back, I believe, some
fourteen or fifteen years,) I should like to
know if we shall not, by passing this bill, be
compelled to pay in every other ease where a
clerk has been employed in any of the land
offices of the United States the compensation
which has been paid by that land officer to the
clerk? if there was a special instruction to
this land officer to employ clerks at the expense
of the Government of the United States—
although it would seem to me to be a very
