1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
extraordinary instruction, if it were given—if
ail innocent officer acted upon it, perhaps there
might be some equity in making the payment.
But there is no such evidence in this ease.
Mr. TIPTON. This case is from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and it is all in a few
words. This officer was employed in perform-
ing the duties of register of a land office. The
Government so 'legislated on the subject of
lands and the location of warrants as that it
overwhelmed his office with business. It was
conceded at that time that the fees resulting
out of the accumulation of business belonged
to the officer, lie invested those fees in clerk
hire in order to keep pace with this accumu-
lation of business. Subsequently, after he had
expended these fees, supposed to be his, for
the benefit of the Government, there was a
decision that the fees should go into the Treas-
ury.' He then laid under contribution every
dollar he had in the world and put those fees
in the Treasury of the United States. In many
other cases there have been no demands at all
for these fees, and the officers retain them for
their personal benetit to the present time.
This is a case of justice. The vouchers are
here furnished by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office ; and after a careful and
searching scrutiny by the committee of the
House, the bill is here ; and it is not only jus-
tice, but in this case it is a demand of mercy
also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Nebraska will please suspend. The morning
hour has expired, and the unfinished business
pending at the adjournment last evening is
before the Senate, being the bill (S. No. 508)
to refund to the States the interest and dis-
count on money borrowed to equip, pay, sup-
ply, and transport troops for the service of
the United States in the recent war.
Mr. COXKL1NG. I take it to be very plain
that the bill under discussion this morning is
to lie over. It will not be amiss that we should
look at it. The other day the senior Senator
fro in Nevada [Mr. Nye] indicated a wish to
address the Senate on an important matter
to-day within the morning hour. I ask the
Senatorfrom Indiana to consent, therefore, to
let the unfinished business lie over—he will
have no objection, 1 presume—and let tue
move that the morning hour be extended for
that purpose, liis bill coming up at the end of
the time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business can be informally passed over accord-
ing to the usage of the Senate. If there be
1)0° objection the unfinished business will be
'informally passed over for the purpose of
allowing the Senator from Nevada to make his
remarks on the bill which he indicated the
other day a purpose to call up this morning.
'The Chair hears no objection, and it is so
ordered.
district of columbia jail.
Mr. PATTERSON. I appeal to the cour-
tesy of the Senator from Nevada to allow me
to call up a little bill which it will take but two
or three minutes to pass.
Mr. NYE. Very well.
Mr. PATTER-SON. It is a bill that was
up yesterday morning.
Mr. FENTON. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator from New Hampshire will allow that bill
to pass over for a few hours at least, and I
should be glad to have it passed over till next
week.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will state the condi-
tion in which this bill is, if I may be allowed
to do so. , „ ,
Mr. FENTON. One word further. I have
had placed before me a statement of facts
bearing on this question, with which I was
pretty familiar while a member of the other
House, when the law was passed^ placing the
jail under the superintendeucy ot the warden.
1 should be glad to look into this case as pre-
sented to me now, in connection with the
proposed modification or change of the law
involved in the bill.
Mr. PATTERSON. It was precisely on
that ground that the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson"] yesterday objected to the
bill, but I explained to him the way in which
it stood and he immediately withdrew his
objection.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire when the
bill came here ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was reported
on the 19th of January.
Mr. CONKLING. Reported yesterday?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, I submit that if
my colleague wants to look at it, it is a very
reasonable request, and that the Senator from
New Hampshire should let it go over. I hope
he will not put any one to the necessity of
objecting to the consideration of the bill. It
is so very recently here that no diligence could
have enabled anybody to look at it.
Mr. PATTERSON. If I can get a moment
to explain it, I think I can put the matter
before the Senate so that they will understand
it. The bill came here yesterday, it is true;
reported from the Committee on the District of
Columbia. I ask action upon it now because
the Committee for the District of Columbia in
the House of Representatives have this day
for action upon their bills, and the judges of
the courts in the District of Columbia are very
solicitous that this bill should get before the
House for action to-day if it goes through the
Senate at all. That is the only reason why I
ask action on the bill now. I have no interest
other than that.
I had my attention called
city prison or jail here. I hope that my friend
from New Hampshire will not subjest me or
any other Senator to the necessity of object-
I ing to the consideration of this bill, but will
i kindly allow it to pass over to another day for
I consideration.
I Mr. PATTERSON. If this is to take up the
I time of the Senate I shall not feel justified in
imposing on the courtesy of my friend from
Nevada. I therefore withdraw the request.
disorder in the soutii.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ator from Nevada yields further, the Chair
desires leave to state that the Senator from
Indiana having declined service on the select
committee in regard to alleged outrages in the
southern States, on account of his health, the
Chair, under direction of the Senate, has
appointed the following committee:
Mr. Scott, (chairman,) Mr. Wilson, Mr.
;| Pool, Mr. Chandler, and Mr. Davis.
ii Mr. DAVIS. I understand that my name
|i has just been announced as one of the select
!! committeetbat has been raised, and I must ask
j; the courtesy of the Senate to excuse me from
i; serving upon that committee. I am laboring
;j under serious indisposition, and shall be unable
ji to attend to the duties. I therefore hope the
Senate will excuse me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky, on account of indisposition, asks to
be excused from service upon the select com-
mittee on the alleged outrages in southern
States. If there be no objection he is excused.
The Chair hears no objection, and he is ex-
cused.
Mr. POOL subsequently said: I ask to be
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 naa my attention eaueu n - g • • j commit.
to this matter years ago. as well as the Senator jj • i „„„„„„„
from New York, [Mr. Fextox. ] I think I had |
something to do in changing the management |
of the jaii, and I have no hesitation in saying
that it is unwise and would bi a want of good
_conomy to change it back to the old system
I do not think it ought to be changed : and
when the question comes up I will give the
Senate the reasons for this opinion.
Mr. PATTERSON rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
raous consent, the Chair will state, to call up
I! the bill now, as the floor has been awarded to
| the Senator from Nevada by the consent of
i the Senate.
j Ml'. PATTERSON. A word in reply to my
j friend from Maine. The jail was originally
! under the superintendence of the marshal of
i the District. That was when Lamon was mar-
shal. He had a wonderful facility in taking
up black men and putting them into the jail,
and on account of his tendency ill that direc-
tion it was thought best to take the superin-
tee appointed this morning, for reasons con-
i nected with the subject, and my relations to it,
' which compel me to decline to serve. I there-
; fore ask to be excused.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
1 North Carolina asks to be excused from serv-
i ing unon the committee on alleged outrages
I in the* southern States. If there be no objec-
1 tion, he will be excused. There are now two
! vacancies on this committee. How shall they
| be filled ?
i Mr. POMEROY and others. By the Chair,
i The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
j objection, the Chair will fill the vacancies on
the committee by the appointment of the Sen-
| ator from Arkansas [Mr. Rice] and the Sen-
j ator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.]
' [The committee consists of Mr. Soott, chair-
! man, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Rice,
: and Mr. Bayard.]
!! presidential approval
( A message from the President of the United
tendenee of the jail out of his har*3s and put ,j gtates, by Mr. 0. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
_ — J--f J announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the bill (S. No. 1149) to
amend an act entitled u An act to authorize
it into the hands of a warden. Now the judges
of the court come here and say that they
experience great inconvenience from having
the jail in the hands of the warden. An alleged
criminal conies into court and he isdisc'narged
on the charges which are brought against him.
The warden is not there and the books of the
jail are not there, and the prisoner goes free ;
whereas when the marshal had the charge of
the prisoners he brought the books of the jail
with him to the court, and they frequently
found when a prisoner was about to be dis-
charged on the case in hand liiat there were
other charges against him, and that he ought
to be remanded to the jail. _
Now, it frequently happens that these jail-
birds go free when they ought to bo kept in
jail, and therefore the judges of the court
unanimously ask that this change may be made.
I have heie also statements from the Comp-
troller of the Treasury, showing that the ex-
pense under the old system was less than it is
under the present. That is ail I have to say
about it. ,
Mr. FENTON. As I now remember the
ease, there was another and very good reason
for the change of the superintendeucy of the
| the refunding of the national debt."
i bills introduced.
I Mr. CHANDLER. If my friend from
: Nevada will give me the floor for a moment,
i 1 desire to introduce a bill for the purpose of
I reference.
| Mr. NYE. Very well.
> Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 290) to prevent obstruc-
tion to navigation of the Ohio river; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 12'ld:) supplementary to an act entitled
•'An act to protect all citizens of the United
States in their civil rights and to furnish the
means for their vindication,'' passed April
9, 1806; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
