1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1445
ever a grant to V. P. Gomez ? The requisites
of such a grant are too well established to be
a matter for doubt. By the testimony of Ii.
0. Hopkins, keeper of Mexican archives, an
intelligent and trustworthy officer, it appears
that the Spanish records of land grants con-
gist of—
First. The expediente, or the record of pro-
ceedings had in procuring the grant.
The record is composed of the petition to
the governor for the land, followed by all the
proceedings of investigation necessary to in-
form the governor if the land petitioned for
was in a condition to be granted under the laws
of colonization, and if the petitioner was worthy
to receive the favor lie asked. The petition
was generally accompanied by a. map of the
land petitioned for.
When the governor was satisfied as to the
condition of the land petitioned for, and the
character and eireumstancesof the petitioner,
he made a decree or order, either granting or
refusing the petition. In ease he granted the
same, he directed a titulo, or formal title
deed, to be made out and delivered to the
grantee for his security, and a copy of this
titulo was attached to the expediente, the
same being then concluded, so far as thegrant-
ingof the land by thegovernor was concerned,
and only required the approval of the depart-
mental assembly.
in case the grant was refused, the governor
made an order to that effect, and this was the
end of the proceedings, so far as that expedi-
ente was concerned.
Second. Books of record, called tomas de
rozon, which were required by the reglamento
of the 21st of November, 1828, to be kept in
the secretary's office. In some of these books
the entire grant is found recorded; in others
there is only an entry, giving the names of
the grantee and place granted, the date of
the .grant, and the quantity of land granted.
Third. An original index or list of expedi-
entes, called the Jimeno Index.
Fourth. Approvals of grants as found re-
corded in the journals of the departmental
assembly.
The Supreme Court of the United States has
in numerous cases held that this record evi-
dence must be produced to establish the valid-
ity of a grant, or it would be held to be void.
Thus, in United States vs. Knight, (1 Black,
227,) it is held that—
"A complete expedients, according to tbc laws
and customs of Mexico, consists of a petition, with
deeeflo (map) annexed, order of reference, decree
of concession, and copy of the grant."
Justice Davis, delivering the opinion of the
Supreme Court in the case of Peralta vs. Uni-
ted States, (3 Wallace, 440,) says:
14 The record was the grant, and without it the title
was not divested. The governor was required to give
a document to the party interested, which was evi-
dence of title, and enabled him to get possession;
but this titulo did not divest the title, unless rec-
ord was made in conformity with law.
"Written documentary evidenee.no matter bow
formal and complete, or how well supported by the
testimony of witnesses, wiil not suffice if it is ob-
tained frotn private hands, and there is nothing in
tho public records of the country to show that such
ovidenco ever existed. But it may be said that the
archives of the country may be lost or destroyed,
and, if so, that tho party in interest should not suf-
fer. This is true: and if the claimant can show to
the satisfaction of the court that the grantwas made
in conformity to law and recorded, and that tho rec-
ord of it has been lost or destroyed, he will then be
permitted to introduce secondary evidence of it.
But the absence of record evidenco is necessarily
fatal, unless that absenec can be accounted for.
Testing the ease in hand by these principles of law it
cannot be confirmed. There is neither a grant nor
archive ovidence. If there had been agrant accord-
ing to law tho expediente would have remained in
the archives; bat there is no traeo of it thero, and
it is produced from private hands, which tends
strongly to show that the governor never saw it. If
the grant had been made and recorded in tho proper
office, possession would have been given to the
grantee of tho lands which were conveyed. This
was not done, and no reason isassigned for the omis-
sion."
In The United States vs Neleigh, (1 Black,
300,) Justice Grier says:
" When a grant is produced for the first time from
the pocket of the claimant, and is attempted to bo
established by proof of the signatures of the gov-
ernor and secretary, the want of an expedients or
archive evidence is expected to be excused by the
proof thatsoino papers were lost and torn. when they
were carried away on mules by Colonel Fremont, or
used as 'cartridge paper,' according to Pio Pico's
theory. Thoenormous fraudswhich have been at-
tempted to be perpetrated, depending on this theory
of the destruction of records, have compelled us to
reject it as altogether fabulous. These archives have
been collected, and are found in a very tolerable
state of preservation. Hence the propositions laid
down in tho Castro ease, and others preceding it,
were an absolute necessity'to save the Government
from utter spoliation of its territory."
To the same effect, United States vs. Castro,
(24 Howard, 346,) United States vs. Bolton, (23
Howard-, 341,) and many other eases. No point
is better established in judicial decisions con-
cerning Mexican land grants than that the
record of the grant according to Mexican law
must be insisted on, and its absence is evi-
dence of fraud or that no grant was ever made.
How do these principles affect the pretended
grant of Gomez? It is alleged that this grant
was made in 1844 by Micheltorena. But in
the Tomas de razon for 1844, which is pre-
served, and contains a list of all grants, no
mention is made of it, arid it is not numbered
or entered in the Jimeno Index. The only
papers pretended to exist are the application
by Gomez for a grant, a marginal order of
reference to a justice of the peace at San Juan
for report, his report in the ease, and a map.
But there is no grant following these proceed-
ings attached to the Gomez papers, and no
record where it should be and would be if it
had been made. The Gomez expediente is
found in the archives among the class of in-
complete expedientes, where its condition prop
erly places it, or rather, it was found in a box
in the surveyor general's office. By whom put
there no one says. It was a mere application
for a grant, and is no more evidence that a
grant was made than a bill in equity is evi-
dence of a decree. There are now in the
archives three hundred and fourteen such in-
complete expedientes, all void and abandoned.
This one has been resurrected and vigorously
fought, in defiance of all right and the well-
established and necessary principles of law
and public policy, because it was the neighbor
of a tempting quicksilver mine, developed by
the industry of others, but a bountiful reward
for scouudrelism and fraud if successful.
But I do not believe that Gomez ever even
made an application for a grant. Taking into
consideration his despicable character, his
numerous perjuries and forgeries, of which he
is self convicted, I am firmly convinced that
he forged the papers that exist in his case.
As I have said, they were not found in the
archives, they were found in a box in the sur-
veyor general's office, where any one might
have slipped them without detection. He him-
self asserts that they were left by him in a
clerk's desk of the Mexican commissary at
Monterey, and yet had the map that is usually
attached to such papers, and which there could
be no reason, and none is given, for detach-
ing. But the United States land commission
admitted that Gomez had given satisfactory
proof of the existence and loss of the grant,
but had "failed entirely to offer any proof
whatever going to show that he had ever occu-
pied, improved, or cultivated any part of the
land, or that any one ever did for him, or that
he ever saw the land; " and it rejected his
application.
It is to be remembered that at that early
day the principles governing Mexican grants
and the laws of Mexico requiring record were
not understood so well as they are now, and
the land commission while rejecting the grant
did not know that the only evidence that such
a grant existed must be looked for in the rec-
ords. Those records had not then been
brought from Mexico, and they had not that
unfailing touchstone before which false and
fraudulent claims withered like mown grass.
But it is also true that the commission in those
early days had not the experience that later
courts and judges had of the capacity of Mex-
ican witnesses for perjury, and how deeply
stained with forgery, frauds, and lies was
Gomez himself. The Supreme Court of the
United States had occasion to recognize the
utter unreliability of the kind of testimony to
which the commission gave enough credence
to think it established agrant when no record
was produced ; and in United States vs. Luco,
(23 Howard, 543.) it used the remarkable lan-
guage, even in reference to Mexican officials,
which I will ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
" In conclusion,"saysllr. Justice Grier, "we must
say that, after a careful examination of the testi-
mony, we entertain no doubt that the title produced
by the claimant is false and forged, and that as an
inference or corollary from the facts now brought to
our notice, it may be received as a general rule of
decision that no grant of land purporting to have
issued from the late government of California should
be received as genuine by the courts of the United
States, unless it be found noted in the registers, or
expediente, or some part of it be found on file among
tho archives where other and genuine grants of tho
same year are found: and that, owing to the weak-
ness of memory with regard to the dates of the grants
si'-rned by them, the testimony of the late officers of
that government cannot be received to supply or
contradict the public record, title of which there is
no trace to be found in the public archives."
Mr. SARGENT. Gomez himself is noto-
rious in land cases as a forger and swindler.
The Lemanteur swindle is a noted instance
of an audacious attempt to cover San Fran-
cisco with forged claims, as well as all valua-
ble points for defense ia its vicinity. That
grant was complete in all save the record. Yet
it was proved to be a base forgery; Gomez
swore on the case that he discovered the grant
in the office of the recorder at Monterey, and
consulted Jos6 Abrego about it. Abrego is
one of Gomez's principal witnesses in the
Panoche Grande claim. In the l^amon and
Francisco de Haro grant case, which was at-
tempted to be laid on a valuable part of our
great Pacific city, Gomez manufactured the
grant. Judge Hoffman says:
" In this case the deposition of Vicente Gomez has
been taken. This witness confessed on the stand
that the original grant produced by the claimant had
been written by himself in 1850: that at that time
it had neither the rubrics of Micheltorena nor of
Castanares at the top, nor the signature of Jimeno
at the bottom; that the signature of Micheltorena
was then very lightiy tr.ieed lie adds that he did
this at the request of a llr. Gliddon, bat that ho had
on idea 'so ridiculous a thing would be presented
in court.'"
Thus Gomez swears to finding one grant in
the recorder's office at Monterey, when it was
a forgery, and confessedly such, so that law-
yers threw up their briefs in the case, and ia
another confesses to fabricating a false grant
on which suit is brought for improved property
worth millions, and says he did not mean any-
thing by it! In the last California laud ease
decided by the Supreme Court of the United
States, (6 Wallace, 589,) Gomez is pointed at
as unworthy of belief:
"Vicente Gomez says in his deposition that the
date of the petition is 'surely' correct, but he says
further tnat he went from Monterey to Los Angeles
with the army of General Castro; that he wrote tho
petition at Los Angeles upon that occasion, and tliafc
he was not there at any other time during the year
1816. The fact last mentioned, if true, is conclusive.
But tho character of ttiis witness is admitted to be
upun a level with those of Pico and Moreno. His
testimony, therefore, needs corroboration to entitle
it to belief."
A case resting on the parol testimony of
such men as these has but slim foundation,
and it may well be assumed that the land com-
mission would not have credited these wit-
nesses had it known their infamous character.
But if it gave a wrong reason, it gave a right-
eous decision.
POSSESSION- ONDKK MEXICAN GRANTS INDISPENSABLE.
When it held that there was an entire absence
of evidence that Gomez ever settled on, culti-
vated, or ever saw the land, thence his claim
must be rejected, it announced the unalter-
able rule that has been ever since followed,
and which grew out of Mexican regulations.
Grants were made to induce settlement and
