1446
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
cultivation, and were followed by an actual
delivering of possession, corresponding with
the livery of seizin of the common law. One
of the conditions of every Mexican grant was,
that—
" When the title shall beconfirmed,he (the grantee)
shall demand of the respective judge judicial pos-
session of it. by virtueof this dispatch, by which the
boundaries shall be designated with the necessary
landmarks."
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
endeavors to avoid the force of this requirement
by citing the case of the Mariposa grant, con-
firmed to Fremont, where juridical possession
was never taken. But in that case the Governor
expressly waived that condition in making the
grant, on the alleged ground that the land was
situated in a wild region, dangerous from hos-
tile Indians, and juridical possession could not
be given. On the ground of this waiver by the
Mexican authorities the Supreme Court held
that Fr6mont was entitled to confirmation.
But that bears no analogy to a case where no
such waiver was made. Further, that case
was a complete grant, with record evidence,
and no taint or suspicion of fraud. The Pa-
noche Grande claim was in a peaceful country,
within forty miles of one of the oldest and
most populous missi'ons in the country, and
the Mexican Government did not waive any
conditions, and there was no necessity that it
should. The Supreme Court never did and
never meant to decide that juridical possession
was not necessary to a Mexican grant.
Some time since the Fremont case was
decided .the Supreme Court of the United
States, in Malarin vs. United States, (1 Wal-
lace,) decided that ''judicial possession after
the execution of the grant was essential to
the investiture of title." And in Graham
vs. United States, (4 Wallace. 259,) the court
again decides that—
"Mexican law made a formal delivery of posses-
sion of real property granted essential after the
execution of the grant for the investiture of the
title."
Therefore, if any inference is to be drawn
from the decision in the Fremont case, with its
dissimilarity of facts, it is destroyed by the
recurrence of the court to the true rule, and
we must take the more recent decisions as the
law in the case.
decision of land commission, how reversed.
I have shown that the land commission
rejected the Gomez claim. It is said that
that decision was reversed by the district
court of California. How was it done? By
an act of treachery and bad faith on the part
of a public officer. Fortunately there are few
instances of such perfidy to stain the record
of an honorable profession. The petition of
Gomez before the land commission was
signed by Pacificus Ord as attorney. He was
the manager of the case and suffered the defeat
with his worthy client. He had marshaled
the witnesses who afterward became illustri-
ous for perjuries and forgeries, but could not
get a decision. The same evidence would
defeat the claim wherever examiued, and some
surreptitious practice was necessary to blind
the courts and get a decree by stealth. Ord
seems to have been the man for this task.
While the ease was before the land commis-
sion he took a conveyance of one half of it,
but did not record his deed. But be sought
and obtained the appointment of United
States district attorney for the southern dis-
trict, where this case must be considered on
appeal, and took charge of the interests of
the United States to betray them. While dis-
trict attorney, he wrote the notice of appeal to
the district court, though he procured another
to sign it.
In June, 1857, he procured a lawyer un-
known to the record, named Hartman, to move
that the judgment of the land commission
be reversed, referring to the case by number
only, without any reading of the record or
even of the decree of the commission or other
examination by the judge. Judge Ogier,
when the motion was made, asked what the
United States had to say to the motion. A
word in the way of protection to the United
States would have led to examihation. But
no, Ord had a half interest in it and was act-
ing as his own attorney in disregard of the
highest official and professional obligations.
He said "The United States have no objec-
tions," and the judge made the reversing
order. On the 7th of January, 1858, Ord filed
a decree of confirmation for three leagues,
which was entered nunc pro tunc for June 5,
1857, and again another decree amending the
last to four leagues on the 8th of February,
1858, which was also made "now for then"
for June 5, 1857. When Ogier found how he
had been deceived and the United States
betrayed, he, on the 21st of March, 1861, set
aside his decree and characterized the whole
transaction in language so appropriate that I
will ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Whereas it has come to the knowledge of this
court that a decree heretofore rendered by this
court in this case was falsely obtained by misrepre-
sentation of the then district attorney, P. Ord, and
other counsel in the case; and it appearing to the
satisfaction of the court, from testimony on record
in the case, that the then district attorney, counsel
for the United States, was. at the time of making
said decree, interested in the laud claimed in said
cause adversely to the United States, and represent-
ing to the court that there was no objection to the
confirmation of tbeclaim aforesaidon the part of the
United States, a decree was entered without an exam-
ination by the court into the merits of said claim,
thus deceiving the court, and obtaining a decree in
his own favor under the false pretense of representing
the interests of the United States, it is therefoie
ordered that all proceedings heretofore had in said
cause be set aside, and the cause be put on the cal-
endar and sot for trial de novo according to law."
Mr. SARGENT. Thus spoke the honest
judge, indignant at the deceit that had been
practiced on him, and at the betrayal of the
interests of the United States. This is the
" one judgment at least in favor of McGar-
rahan" alluded to by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Cook.]
By a strange fatuity McGarrahan and his ad-
vocates seem to consider it necessary to show
that Hartman was a scoundrel and that Mc-
Garrahan owned him. They are welcome to
the property. His action played into the hands
of Ord, Gomez, and McGarrahan, and he did
their dirty work. Fortunately the evidence is
furnished by McGarrahan himself, and it was
presented to the House on Saturday by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.] Charles
Gailhard is thus quoted by the latter gentle-
man:
"After the conveyance by Gomez to McGarrahan,
I and McGarrahan and Manuel Castro, some time
in the spring of 1858. went to the office of Isaac Hart-
man, esq., in said city, on two several occasions, and
each time at the request of said Hartman. He on
both occasions spoke of the said Panoche Grande.
He said that he had been employed to attend to the
confirmation of the said Mexican grant as attorney
of said Gomez by his agent, the said Castro; that
under that employment he had rendered important
services in procuring a confirmation by said court
of the said giant;" * * " that his
services had been very meritorious; and that Mc-
Garrahan had received the benefit of them. And the
said Hartman thereupon claimed from McGarrahan
a fee for his said services, and claimed also for dis-
bursements made by him on account of said suit to
the amount of eighteen or twenty-five dollars."
The gentleman from Kentucky says McGar-
rahan refused to pay him for his legal services,
but did reimburse him for the money he was
out of pocket by reason of them, and offers
the bill in evidence.
William MeGarrahan,
To Isaac Ilariman, Dr.
June term, 1857.—To amount of costs paid in ease of
Vicente P. Gomes vs. United States  $7 10
December term, 3857.—To amount of clerk's
costs in same ease, paid clerk  15 81
December term, 1857.—To amount of marshal's
costs in same case  4 30
$27 21
June 22, 1858, received of William McGarrahan,
esq., the sum of§>27 21, in full of the above.
ISAAC HARTMAN.
I presume this will settle the question whose
dirty work Hartman was doing and to whom
he looked for his pay.
By giving McGarrahan any interest in this
land we reward Ord for hisofficialmisconduct,
for he still is the owner of his interest in the
grant. McGarrahan acts under his power of
attorney in dealing with the property, and it
is not denied, and cannot be, that Ord is one
of the parties the minority propose to endow
with a princely domain. If there were no other
reasons for rejecting McGarrahan's claim this
would be supreme and conclusive.
But McGarrahan himself is a party to all
these transactions. He bought, December 22,
1857. for $1,100, and his deed contains the
following significant condition:
"Subject, however, to an agreement hereto made*
by Gomez to and with Pacificus Ord, esq., by which
Gomez is to convey to said Ord an undivided infer-
est in said raneho, not exceeding the one undivided
half thereof."
McGarrahan knew the relations of Ord
to the Government, and he was admonished
of his interest in betraying the Government.
Further, this purchase was made before the first
decree even was entered. There was no decree
in favor of Gomez when McGarrahan pur-
chased. There was an order for a decree
surreptitiously obtained, as I have shown, but
the decree was not made until twenty days
after. But it soon followed. A new element
was at once to enter into the struggle. It was
no longer mere vulgar violations of official
duty. From that day new machinery, worked
by new agents, was introduced, with results
that have aroused the attention of the whole
country. A decree forthree leagues is entered
and set aside for one of four, and it is neces-
sary that the sanction of the Supreme Court
be had to give legality to these proceedings
before the real facts can be known.
the false appeal.
Accordingly a false transcript on appeal is
manufactured and sent to the Supreme Court,
"without regard to expense," although the
judge below had not passed on any appeal and
had not certified to any transcript. 1 need cite
no other support to this extraordinary state-
ment than the Supreme Court of the United
States, which ascertained the facts judicially,
and reports them in 23 Howard, 888, as follows;
" Mr. Sims, the clerk of the court, deposes that in
this case a transcript was called for by letter, signed
W. W. McGarrahan; that when that letter was re-
ceived no appeal had been allowed to carry the case
to the Supreme Court; and that a motion for that
purpose was still under the advisement of the court.
The deputy clerk, Mr. Coleman, however, sent to
McGarrahan a transcript, which was received by
McGarrahan, and that not being satisfactory, it was
returned to the clerk, with a letter from McGar-
rahan stating in what particulars it was deficient;
and among them it was deficient in not having a
copy of theorderforan appeal totheSupreme Court,
which McGarrahan suggested would be lound in tho
minutes of the court. To this letter a reply was
given by Mr. Stetson, who had succeeded Mr. Cole-
man as deputy, containing an order for an appe.il.as
it appears in the transcript before us. It is difficult
to determine how such an order found its way into
the second transcript of the record, when it was not
in the first, and when the clerk deposes that no sueli
order had ever been given."
When that false transcript came to Wash-
ington a strenuous effort was made to induce
the Attorney General, Judge Black, to dismiss
the case, which would have had the effect to
confirm the surprised decree of Ogier and
leave the United States defenseless. But
Black steadily refused to do this, suspecting
that there were reasons why the case should
be heard on its merits, but not knowing at the
time how the judgment had been obtained. It
is alleged that he winked at the dismissal,
which was made not on his motion, but by Mc-
Garrahan's counsel, and his letter to Meagher
is cited as evidence that he did so. So
strongly does that letter prove the opposite
of the assertions of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] that I ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Attoknky Genekal's Office,
December 18.1858.
Dsah Sir: I gave General Shields an answer clay
before yesterday, which he promised to convey to
