620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Mr, SUMNER. I will only say that I hope
tfye bill may have better fortune at this ses-
sion than it had at the last.
Mr. FENTON'. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Nevada to give way to me that I may
introduce a bill of which no previous notice
has been given; and I will remark that I have
not examined the bill, but I have so much
confidence in the intelligence and good judg-
ment of the gentlemen who drafted it that I
venture to present it and ask that it may be
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
be printed.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1285) to encourage
the building of steamships in the United States,
and to provide for the transportation of the
mails of the United States to 15urope once a
week for fifteen years by steamships built in
the United States; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCIIUIIZ asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1230) to authorize the construction of
a bridge across the Missouri river at Boonville,
Missouri; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAHLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1237) to ratify and carry into elfect the
constitution and form of government, for the
Indian territory adopted December 20, 1870,
at Okmulgee, by the general council of said
territory, held by authority of the Govern-
ment of (lie United States; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1238) to provide additional commercial
and postal facilities in the port of New York ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Commit tee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
PUBLIC 1'AlUi.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, submitted the
following resolution ; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to :
/iMofovd, Timt thoOomniittcoo'iPublic Buildinprs
juxt (Grounds bo instructed fo inquire whether tho
two squares oil tlio cast of the Cupitol udjaeontto
t ho Capitol grounds may not bo purchased, and, to-
gether with the lands of tlio Botanic Garden, Smith-
sonian instilution, A^riouHurat Detriment, and
lands iyins; youth of the President's .Mansion, to ho
so improved us to form a public park, tho cost of
wnioh .shall bo ultimutv ly loitobnrscd hy the sato of
^onio portion of the unini proved public tots or squares
of tn.nd not now, or likely hoieaftor to be, remiirod
■ for public as'1, and by fir-', sale of such avenues in
rlio unimproved and remote parts of tho city of
Washington us do not radial e ii om prominent public
buildings or mj'kuos, in gu'di manner as not to mar
tho boiiiifj ot fhe oity or mU-i <Vje with (ho conven-
ience or intere.vts of its citlzoni
KAN'SAS PAOEt'IO UUMVAY.
Mr. IIAliLAN submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(S. No. 45H-) to authorize and aid the Kansas
Pacific Hnilway Company to extend and con-
struct its railroad and telegraph line to Ei Paso,
in New Mexico: which wis received inform-
al!}', and ordered to be printed.
COMMW'l'KK ON' TEJiEGKU'liS.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 offer the following reso-
lution, and give notice that I shall call it up on
Monday morning:
IZeHolvfl, That a special committee of tho Senate,
to consist of seven members, be appointed by tho
(!h air, to which shall bo referred ail petitions, papers,
and bills relating to telegraphs, with power to report
by bill or otherwise.
It. n. PKEM-ES.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I hope the
Senator from Nevada will give way a moment
to allow me to call up a relief bill. ^
Mr, NYE. Will it lead to any discussion?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I think not.
I think it will not take three minutes.
Mr. NYE. Very well.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. It is House
joint resolution No. 349, authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to settle the accounts
of Bichard R. Peebles, of Austin county,
Texas, late collector of the port of Galveston,
Texas.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I will merely
state that there is a letter with the papers from
the Secretary of the Treasury stating all the
facts in the case.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PORT OF DRLIVBRT AT POTOMAC.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I hope the Senator from
Nevada will yield to allow tho passage of a bill
which I think will not give rise to debate. I
move to take up Senate bill No. 1200.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 1200) to create a port of
delivery at Potomac, Virginia.
The Committee on Commerce reported an
amendment,, to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill and in lieu thereof to insert
the following:
That nit tlio waters, shores, bays, harbors, crooks,
and iniots on tho south sido of tile river Potomac,
comprehended between Boyd's Hole and Cockpit
Point, now a part of tho coilcction district of Tap-
pahannock, Virginia, bo, and the same are hereby,
annexed to the collection distirct of Alexandria,
Virginia.
Sue. 2, And be if further enacted. That Potomac, in
tho Stato of Virginia, shall be, and is hereby, con-
stituted and created a port of delivery within the
collection district of Alexandria: and thoro shall
be appointed, at a compensation not exceeding the
rate of SI,000 per annum, a deputy collector ot cus-
toms, to reside at said port, who shall perform such
duties as may bo conferred upon him, in pursuance
of law, by tho Secretary of tho Treasury.
Si:c. -i. And le it further enacted, Thatall acts and
parts of acts establishing at Dumfries, in the collec-
tion district of Tappahannock, Virginia., a port of
delivery bo, and the samo are heroby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
The title was amended so as to read "A bill
to create a port of delivery at Potomac, Vir-
ginia, and for other purposes."
SOMHERS OP TIIK WAR OF 1312.
Mr. PRATT. With the permission of the
Senator from Nevada, I should like to ask the
consent of the Senate to renew the request that
I made this morning that the bill (H. 11. No.
1829) grantingpeusions tocerUin soldiers and
sailors of the war of 1812 and the widows of
deceased soldiers be rnado the special order
of the day for Wednesday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana asks that, by unanimous consent, the
bill referred to may be made the special order
for Wednesday next at one o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 suggest to the honorable
Senator to make it the special order for Mon-
day.
Mr. PRATT. Very well; I will say Monday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is already
a special order for Monday, the bill of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. I'rombull,] relieving
members of Congress from importunity, &c.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I suggest to the Senator
to sny Friday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The steamship
subsidy bills have been made the special orders
for Friday next. If there be no objection, the
bill referred to by the Senator from Indiana
will be made the special order for Wednesday
next. The Chair hears no objection, and it is
so ordered.
SOTRO TUNNEL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent the unfinished business has been in-
1 formally passed over for the purpose of con-
sidering, subject to a demand for the regular
order, the bill (S. No. 1092) to create a fund
to be known as "the mineral-land fund," and
for other purposes.
Mr. NYE. As the bill is very short I should
like to have it read. I ask for the reading of
the substitute reported by the committee.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out the preamble and all of the
bill after tho enacting clause and to insert in
lieu thereof the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized and directed to set apart as a special fund,
to be known as" the mineral-land fund, 'all moneys
received by the United States from the sale ot min-
eral land?, to be used in fostering the mining interest,
as Congress may hereafter direct.
SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That whenever
the Sutro Tunnel Company, a corporation duly
organized under the laws of the State of Oobfornia,
shall have completed five hundred feet of its tunnol,
or of its bhafts or branches, the Secretary ot the
Treasury, upon application to him bysaidcompany,
shall, from the aforesaid fund, pay over to said com-
pany $50,000; and in like manner shall pay over to
said company a like sum upon tho completion by
said company of each and every additional five hun-
dred feet of said tunnel, shafts, or branches, as here-
inafter specified: Provided, That the several pay-
ments shall not be made as aforesaid by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury until thecommissioners herein-
after mentioned shall report, and the superintendent
of said company shall verify under oath to said Sec-
retary that each of the sections of five hundred ieet
of said tunnel, shafts, or branches upon which the
several installments shall be demanded are fully
made and ormiplcted in accordance with the require-
inentsnl this act : Awl provided, Thatall payments
under this act shall be made out of appropriations
hereafter tobc made.
StfC. 3. Avd he it, further enacted, That in order to
secure the United States, as hereinafter provided,
in the repayment by said company of the sums so
advanced, and the expenses of the commissioner?,
the payment of said suras shall ipso facto constitute
a first mortgage and lien on tho whole ot said tunnel,
together wish all the engine?, buildings, appiute-
nnnces, easements, and privileges thereunto belong-
ing. And after the completion of said main tunnel
to'its intersection with the said Uomstock lode fifty
per cent, of thenet amount eollccted for tolls, diaiu-
age, transportation ot ore, rock, and material, or in
any other manner, after deducim? the necc-^nry
expenses, shall, on the 1st day of January, and on
tho l?>t day of July in each year, be p'lid by tho and
company into the Treasuiy of the United States,
which moneys shall be applied to and used for the
repayment of the sums so advanced and paid, ualil
the whole amount shall bo repaid to the United
States; and on failure or refusal of said company t o
pny over the su Id sums of money, or any part ot them,
when required so to do by the Secretary of the
Treasury, in accordance with the provisions of this
act, the said tunnel, with all the right?, privilege,
and appurtenances thereunto belonging, may be
taken possession of by the Secretary of the Treasury
for the use and benefit of the United State?.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the condi-
tions upon which aid shall bo extended to said woik
are as follows:
First. That the aggregate amount to be advanced
under this act shall not exceed the sum of S,j,000,000,
and not more than shall be realized from tho sale ot
the mineral lands; and said company shall enter
upon the construction of said tunnel immediately
alter tho passage of this act, and shall prosecute tho
same with all reasonable diligence, and shall com-
plete the same within ten years from the date of
this act.
Second. That the said tunnel shall, from its initial
point in tho foot-hills near Carson river, extend in
a westerly direction four miles, more or less, to and
beyoud the easterly limit of tho Comstock lode, and
branches shall be constructed from said main tun-
nel northerly and southeilyto such extenc as >nay
be by said company deemed profitable and expe-
dient.
Third. That said main tunnel shall be atheist tf>n
feet high and twelve feet wide outside of timbers,
and shall, on or beiore its completion, be piovldcd
with all necessary supports doublo railroad tracks
and working shafts, the whole work to be substan-
tial, permanent, and workmanlike, and ro besito-
ject during its progress to the examination :ir.d
approval of a board of tlirco commissioners which
shall be appointed by the President of tixe Lulled
States.
Fourth. Before any moneys sdiaU ije yaw.71 cod by
the United States, tho said company <dui.il file wuu
the Secretory of the Treasury i;u nceeptaneo <d th s
act, and adeelaration that said company 01.^;.t<
bo bound by the conditions herein impo^d.
Sec. 5. And be it Jurther enacted, '.Lhnt in of
failure on the part of said company to prOM-cuu* find
work, or to complete said mam tunnel within tin*
period herein specified, or fo keep the same in good
repair and condition, 01 of a neglect to pu Iotm any
and all the conditions hereinbefore stated, at any
time prior to the repayment to the Government of
the said sums so advanced and paid over, tho Pres-
ident of the United States may declare ail rights of
said company under this acr, and all former acts,
forfeited, and may take such proceedings as he may
deem advisable to teiiuinate the porse^ion of said
company.
