mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Amnesty—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. op Keps.
blotted from your statute-book, and peace and
happiness will come to the South the day, the
hour Congress passes a bill of universal am-
nesty. Such an act, Mr. Speaker, will bring
blessings to our entire country, and even Rad-
icals will enjoy a part of the national gratitude.
Amnesty.
SPEECH OF HON. H MAYNARD,
OP TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives,
December 15, 1870.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. K. No. 2523) for full and general grace, amnesty,
and oblivion of all wrongful acts, doings, or omis-
sions of all persons engaged in the war of the late
rebellion—
Mr. MAYNARD said :
Mr. Speaker: The bill under consideration
is threefold in its character, and contemplates
three objects; first, the removal of political
disabilities; and second, amnesty, in respect
of the rebels; third, in respect to all persons
the extinction of private rights of redress for
personal wrongs or for injuries to property
during the war, and upon either side.
The political disabilities which it is proposed
to remove arise under the third section of the
fourteenth article of the amendments to the
Constitution, which is in these words :
"Sec.3. No person shall be a Senatoror Repre-
sentative in Congress, or elector of President and
Vice President, or hold any office, civil or military,
under the United States, or under any State, who
having prcviou&ly taken an oath as a member of
Congress, or as an officer of the United States,, or as
a member of any State Legislature, or as an execu-
tive or judicial oSicer ol' any State, to suppoit the
Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged
in insurrection orrebellion againstthesame, or given
aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress
may, by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove
such disability."
That amendment, passed Congress on the
16th of June, 18G6, and, according to the proc-
lamation of the President, was ratified and
became a part of the Constitution on the 20th
of July, 1868, a little more than two years
afterward. This was the first reconstruction
measure, the thirteenth amendment being not,
as supposed by the gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. htpher.] a reconstruction measure, but
a war measure. By this fourteenth amend-
ment, amnesty, oblivion, freedom from all lia-
bilities and disabilities, was granted to every-
body in the South except those who had added
perjury to treason, who, as State or national
officers, had taken an oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States and afterward
violated it by engaging in the rebellion.
I need hardly say here or elsewhere that
the rebellion was the work of the southern poli-
ticians. They were the men who "instructed"
the "mind" of the southern people in the
pernicious doctrines of "State rights," the
right of secession, the right of disunion, and
"fired" their "hearts" with hostility against
the Government, and especially against the
unsuspecting and unconscious North. When,
therefore, at the close of hostilities, the people
passed upon all those who had been engaged
in rebellion they very properly excepted from
the benefits of their large and general clemency
this class of persons, simply providing, notthat
they should iticurany personal penalty or suffer
any loss of property, either themselves or their
heirs, but that they should remain unqualified
to hold office, either State or national, until
such time as two thirds of both Houses of
Congress, convinced of their good faith, might
see proper to remove their disabilities. That
was the deliberate, the well-considered action
of the American people in 1808, a little more
than two years ago. I submit whether any-
thing has occurred within the last two years
to justify us in annihilating and blotting out
at one sweep of the pen this part of the Con-
stitution ; for that is what this bill proposes
to do—to remove from this class of persons
all" political or. other disabilities."
We have been referred to a precedent from
which it is stated this act has been substantially
drawn—an act of amnesty passed by the Par-
liament of Great Britain in the year 1747, after
the troubles that occurred in that kingdom be-
ginning with 1745, terminating in the battle
of Colloden on the 27th of April. 1746. As
showing the nature of that conflict I submit
the following historical extract. Before read-
ing it I beg gentlemen to remember that the
rebellion of 1745 was in no sense aimed at the
life, the very existence of the nation, as was
that in our own country; it did not even con-
template a dissolution of the union between
England and Scotland. It was merely and only
an effort by the house of Stuart to assert what
many British subjects regarded as a divine
right to the throne—a right which had been
subverted and withheld by the revolution of
1688 and the reigning family which that move-
ment had introduced. In its general aspect
it was much as would be an attempt in this
country to install by armed force an officer
into a place to which it was believed he had
been lawfully elected, and from which he was
debarred by usurpation and violence:
"The battle of Culloden was the last battle fought
on British soil, and the termination of the attempts
of the Stuart family t.o recover the throne of England.
The son of James III, Charles Edward, m his daring
expedition in 1745, had contended with various sue -
cess against the English, and, indeed, was atone time
only about one bundred miles from London, where
terror and consternation prevailed. But, by a com-
bination of unfavorable circumstances, he was com-
pelled to letreat to Scotland, where fortune again
seemed to smile on him at the battleof Falkirk. But
the Duke of Cumberland, marching against him,
baffled the whole onterpiise by the decisive victory
of Culloden, April 27, 1746. Edward's army was defi-
cient in subordination. Though his troops were faint
with fatigue and hunger when the battle began, they
fought with spirit. The impetuous bravery of the
Highlanders, however, at length yielded to the well-
seived artillery of the English. The victors mas-
sacred the wounded Scots on the field of battle.
Charles Edward was exposed in his flight to a thou-
sand dangers, but at. length escaped. His followers
suficrcd the vengeance of the victors. The most dis-
tinguished of them died on the scaffold, and the
districts which hud been the theater of the rebellion
weielaid waste. The English Government hencefor-
ward took measures to prevent the recurrence of
similar attempts. Finding that the attachment of
the Highlanders to the old royal line arose pi inci-
paily from the peculiarity of their customs andmode
of life, they resolved to abolish their institutions.
Since that period the primitive Scottish manners
anil usages have been continually dwindling away
and disappearing."
After all this surely amnesty came not a
moment too soon. As this precedent has been
cited with a degree of confidence, let it_ be
studied with some care, to ascertain if possible
the leading features of a policy which has oper-
ated to cement into an indissoluble unity the
English and the Scotch, between whom, if we
may trust contemporary literature, there was,
less than a century ago, more prejudice, deep-
seated and envenomed hostility, than ever pre-
vailed between the most heated southern zealot
and the despised and hated Yankee.
The British policy in dealing with the van-
quished rebels may be summed up as follows:
First. The drawing and quartering ot their
most distinguished leaders;
Second. The devastation of their country;
Third. The abolition of their institutions ;
Fourth,. When at length amnesty came,
the exception from its benefits of all their
clergy, their most powerful body of adherents,
and hundreds of individuals by name. I do not
find that it was ever seriously proposed as a
measure of justice, or even of pacification, to
turn over the Government of the country into
their hands.
The gentleman who reported this bill [Mr.
Buti.er, of Massachusetts] has referred to
that English amnesty act, with evidently a
good deal of satisfaction, as the work of "our
fathers." I suggest to him that "ourfathers"
had very little to do in the matter. Neither
his forefathers nor mine, I suspect, were con-
cerned in those troubles of 1745, or fought on
either side at the battle of Culloden, or Pal-
kirk, or any of the previous engagements of
that civil war. Our fathers at that time were
on this side of the Atlantic; and when we are
inquiring how " the fathers " treated this class
of subjects, I prefer to look to other authorities
and to the action of other parties nearer in
time and not so remote in place. I have here
two acts passed at the close of the revolution-
ary war by the Legislature of North Carolina,
emanating from the same men who in 1775
had prepared the celebrated Mecklenburg dec-
laration of independence, the model and by
many supposed to be the original of the great
Declaration adopted on the 4th of July, 1776.
The first of these acts is entitled " An act to in-
demnify such persons as have acted in defense
of the State and for the preservation of peace,
during the late war, from vexatious suits and
prosecutions," and is in these words:
"I. Whereas during the late war with Great Brit-
ain, which began on or about the 20th day of April,
A. I), 1775. divers officers ot the Army and officers of
the militia, justices of the peace, and other officers
and persons well affected to the freedom and inde-
pendence of the people, in order to enforce and pro- .
tcct our present happy establishment and the poa.ee
of the State, and to suppiess and put an end to the
war. apprehended and put into custody, and im-
prisoned or caused to be apprehended, put into cus-
tody or imprisoned, several criminal*, traitors, and
others, whom they suspected bad or might adhero
to the enemies, were in open rebellion or might dis-
turb the peace of the said State, or excite and pro-
mote evil designs against the same; and also seized
and used horses, arms, and other articles; and also
impressed divers wagons, carriages, horses, arms,
provisions, and other things essentially necessary
for supplying troops in the service of the United
States or of this State, with arms, provisions, or for-
age, or for recovering any military stores, forage, or
baggage, either for repelling the enemy or their ad-
herents, and carrying on the war, and for the pur-
poses aforesaid, entered into the houses and possee^
sions of divers persons, and committed sundry actg.,
which, though not strictly agreeable to law, yet wer 
requisite, and so much for the service of the public
that they ought to be justified by the act of Assem-
bly, and the persons by whom they were transacted
indemnified:
" II. Be ittherefore marted by the Gr..eral Awembly
of the State of North. Catolina, and it {thereby enacted
by the authoiityof thesnme, That all personal actions
and suits, indictments, informations, and all moles-
tations, prosecutions, and proceedings whatsoever,
and all judgments thereup in, if any be, for or by rea-
son of any m.iKer or any filing advised, commanded,
or appointed to be done, or executed in consequence
of and during the late war with Great Britain, and
until the 1st da) of Muy, A. D.1783, in order to reirel
the enemy, carry on the war, or to preserve the peace,
safety, and independence of the State, shall be dis-
charged and made void; and that every person by
whom any such act, matter, or thing shall have been
so advised, commanded, appointed, or done for tho
purpose aforesaid, or any of them, before the said
1st day of May, shall bo freed and acquitted, and
indemnified as well against the State as against all
and every person or persons; and if any action or
suit has been or shall be commenced or prosecuted
against any person or persons for any such act, mat-
ter, or tiling, so advised, commanded, appointed, or
done for the purposes aforesaid, or any of them,
before the said 1st day of May, he, she, or they may
plead the general issue, and give, this act and the
special matters in evidence, and if the plaintiff or
plaintiffs shall become non-suited, or forbear further
prosecution, or discontinue his or their suit, or it a
verdict shall pass against such plaintiff or plamtins,
the defendant or defendants shall recover his, her,
or their full costs, where he, she, or they shall have
the like remedy as where costs by law are given to
the defendants in other cases: Provided, lhat noth-
ing in the foregoing actshall be construed or intended
to justify any person whatever, who, under pretense
of public service, shall have distrained ftnu taken
anything or things from the citizens of this State
and converted the same to their own or any other
person's use; but the right to sue and recover dam-
ages from all such-persons is expressly reserved to
the citizens ot this State lor such malversations.
The other is in these words:
" An act of pardon and oblivion.
"I. Whereas it is the policy of all wise States, on
the termination of civil wais, to giant an act ot pur-
don and oblivion for past offenses; arid as divers ot
the citizens of this State, and others, the inhabit-
ants thereof, in the course ot the late unhap}^ war
have become liable to great pams and penalties ior
offenses committed against the peace and govern-
rnent ot the State, and theGeneral Assembly, o ut ol an
