1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, itv/iil be seen by
the reading of tliis bill that it is somewhat novel
in its character; and the reason why it is so
results from the fact that the interest to which
it applies is new in this country ; and because
it is new I shall ask the attention of the Senate
to the considerations that I desire to submit.
It has been the custom of this country from
the time of its foundation to foster and nurture
great interests in their infancy, which custom
has been crowned with most eminent success.
It gave that protection to the great manufac-
turing inteiests of New England and of the
country. It gave it to the great commercial
inteiests of t'ie nation, by way of subsidies and
other inducements, which enabled us up to the
time of the breaking out of the war to cope
with the nations of the earth in our commer-
cial transactions. And so the Government
wisely fostered every other interest controlling
in its character.
Within the last ten jears a new and very
important branch of business has sprung up
in this country ; and from the geological and
mineralogical surveys we have had, we stand
here with the knowledge before us that one
half of our continent is a mineral-producing
region. It is to this new interest that I now
invite the attention of the Senate.
Although this bill is entitled a hill to aid
in the construction of the Sutro tunnel, it in-
volves necessarily to some extent the reasons
why we ask this aid, and the magnitude of the
interests concerned therein. To demonstrate
the truth of what I shall assume to be a fact,
I have chosen as an illustration the celebrated
Comstock lode, a lode more noted_ihan any
silver lode ever worked in any portion of the
world.
The mineral wealth contained in the vast
country stretching from the Missouri river to
the Pacific ocean is incalculable. While na-
ture has given but little productive power to
its soil, she has stocked its mountains with
mineral veins, containing gold and silver, and
all the other metals, hoarding up untold treas-
ures. Gold and silver ores, however, are not,
as is generally supposed, found in large con-
centrated masses. Nature, in her economy,
has so distributed the precious metals as to
make their extraction a great manufacturing
process—a pioeess which requires large cap-
ital, the construction of extensive works, the
erection of ponderous machinery, systematic
working, with economy, skill, intelligence, and
perseverance. It is true, in isolated instances
large bodies of very rich ores are found, con-
taining sometimes millions of dollars, but these
are rare exceptions. The real, solid, substan-
tial wealth of our mineral domain is contained
in low-grade ores, containing one single ounce
of gold, or less, in two thousand pounds of
ore, or one pound of silver to the same quan-
tity of material. The extraction of these
small quantities of the precious metals from
so much bulk becomes a difficult manufac-
turing process. The quartz has to be blasted
out of the lode, hoisted to the surface, trans-
ported to the crushing-mills, where it is re-
duced to fine powder, and the gold and_ sil-
ver extracted by the means of amalgamating-
machinery.
The mining operations which are now carried
on in this country are, to a large extent, mere
gambling operations. It is a search for rich
bodies of ore, while poor ones remain un-
touched. The result is that there are as many
blanks as in a lottery, while the prizes are
scarce in the same proportion.
A most striking example is found in the
working of the Comstock lode, the most pro-
ductive mineral vein at present worked in the
whole world, and probably the most important
one which has ever been discovered. It has
yielded since its discovery ten years ago over
one hundred and twenty million dollars' worth
of gold and silver bullion. The working of
these mines is carried on in so expensive and
wasteful a manner that only ores assaying at
least twenty dollars per ton can bo extracted
in order to pay expenses, while many million
tons of a lower grade are left behind in the
mines to remain there forever or until a more
economical system of mining is adopted.
Under the prevailing mode of mining the
mines are entered by perpendicular shafts, of
which there are thirty or forty along the whole
length of the Comstock lode, which has been
explored for a distance of nearly four mile3.
Upon these shafts steam-engines are erected,
some very powerful ones, for the purpose of
pumping the water, hoisting the ore, and letting
the miners up and down. As these shafts
extend in depth it becomes more difficult and
expensive to pump the water ; for no matter in
what portion of the mines the same occurs it
all finds its way to the bottom of the shafts,
and has to be pumped from that point. As a
consequence we find that after ten years of
mining on the Comstock lode there are now in
operation fifty-three steam-engines for the pur-
poses of pumping and hoisting, at an enormous
expense, the country being devoid of coal, and
the only fuel to be obtained being wood at a
cost of twelve dollars per cord. But it is not
only the expense of fuel, but the numerous
staff of engineers and firemen and the wear and
tear of machinery which makes the cost foot
up several millions per annum.
The most serious obstacle, however, which
is encountered in deep mining is the rapid in-
crease of temperature, the thermometer stand-
ing at many points in the lowest working of
these mines (twelve hundred feet beneath the
surface) as hjgh as 110°. The heat at these
points is almost suffocating, and its evil effect
is still further increased by a lack of oxygen,
which hardly allows a candle to burn, and in
that foul and heated atmosphere, filled with
noxious gases, thousands of miners spend their
prime of life in order to earn a living, contract-
ing the seeds of consumption which carries off
a large percentage at an early age. The nat-
ural increase of heat amounts to one degree
to every sixty feet of descent. This is largely
increased in this locality by the heat generated
by the decomposition of large masses of min-
eral, while the breathing of several thousand
miners and the burning of thousands of candles
still further increases the same.
That, under such circumstances, the labor
performed by a miner must be very limited ap-
pears quite evident; and it has been estimated
that in such places the labor accomplished
is but one fourth of that which could he done
in a cool, healthful atmosphere. Considering,
then, that miners get four dollars in gold for a
day's work of eight hours, while they cau
perform but two hours' labor, a day's wages
amounts to sixteen dollars. Indeed, mines
must contain almost solid silver to make them
profitable with such a waste of money. In a
humanitarian point of view such a barbarous
state of affairs should not be suffered to exist
while these evils might easily be removed.
Under the present system of mining the ore is
hoisted to the surface, and from thence trans-
ported to the crushing-mills, which are princi-
pally located on Carson river, at a distance of
from eight to twelve miles. The expense of
hoisting and transportation to the mills is esti-
mated at from three to four dollars per ton;
and the extraction averaging fifteen hundred
tons per day, this creates a daily expense of
over five thousand dollars.
The mining system proposed by Mr. Sntro,
by means of a great tunnel or adit, will remove
all these difficulties. He proposes to con-
struct a horizontal tunnel, commencing at the
very base of the mountain, near Carson river,
and having a westerly direction, which will cut
the Comstock lode, at a distance of four miles,
at right angles, and at a perpendicular depth of
about two thousand feet. After reachingthe
lode the tunnel will be continued to the right
and left, under and along the lode, for three
miles more. The shafts which now exist may
then be continued downward until they con-
nect with the tunnel.
The advantages which are thus gained are
manifold and of great importance.
In the first place, the water, the pumping
of which is a never-ceasing labor, .will be
carried off forever, by its natural flow, to a
depth of two thousand feet all along the lode,
and all pumping machinery now existing on
the surface may be abolished. Bat not only
does pumping become unnecessary, but the
very water which it is so expensive to remove
under the present system may be turned into
a great water-power. For if all that exists,
say one thousand feet above the tunnel, be
collected in reservoirs in the mines them-
selves, it may be carried down in pipes to the
tunnel level, thus forming a column of water
one thousand feet in height, furnishing an im-
mense motive power for propelling machinery,
which can be made to pump the water from a
depth of probably more than a thousand feet
below the tunnel level, and, furthermore, fur-
nish the power for hoisting the ores from that
depth. Tims, the very water which is now but
a source of expense and difficulty will be util-
ized and turned.to account.
In the second place, the shafts, once con-
nected with the tunnel, will be the means of
ventilating the mines and cooling the atmos-
phere in the most complete and effectual man-
ner ; for after such connection is accomplished
these shafts will act as chimneys, two thou-
sand feet in height, producing an incalculable
draught, carrying off the foul and heated at-
mosphere, while the cool, pure air entering the
mouth of the tunnel will ascend and find its
way to all portions of the mines. The heat
will thus be removed, and the miners will
thereby be enabled to perform a full quota of
labor without detriment to health.
The tunnel, furthermore, will offer extraor-
dinary facilitiesfortransportation. While under
the present mode of working the ore is hoisted
up to the surface, and thence transported at an
enormous cost, it may after its completion be
dropped down to the tunnel level bv its own
gravity at no cost at all, and on a railroad to
be constructed in the tunnel, transported to
the river, a distance of four or five miles, at
probably one tenth the expense of the present
system.
This great reduction of the cost of mining
and transportation will make it possible to
extract to advantage the many millions of tons
of low-grade ores which have been left be-
hind in the mines, and thus make them avail-
able. Without the tunnel the great wealth con-
tained in these low-grade ores will forever
remain dormant and be lost to the world.
But it is not only by the reduced cost of min-
ing which the tunnel will furnish that the ores
can be made available for milling, but such
facilities will be furnished for the purpose of
concentration that even ores of the very lowest
grade cau be turned to account.
The concentration of ores probably forms
the most important chapter in raining : for if
ninety per cent, can be removed by this means
the remainder or concentrated portion will
pay for reduction. The tunnel will furnish
ail desirable facilities for this purpose, for
cheap water-power may be employed near the
mouth of the tunnel, while the water flowing
from the same may be used in the process
of concentration. This process is based on
the difference in specific gravity of the inin-
eral-bearing particles in the vein matter, which,
after being reduced by crushing-machinery to
the size of grains of wheat, are allowed to drop
on shaking-tables over which water is made
to flow. The shaking motion of these tables
carries back the heavier particles to the point
where the water enters upon them, while those
of less specific gravity, that is, the worthless
matter, are shaken forward and carried off by
the waier at the point of discharge. Nearly
