1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1447
you, and which I supposed yon had received. X now
repeat the substance of it when I say that, as at
present advised.it is impossible for ine to dismiss
the case. But X have assented to let it stand until
Mr. Stanton comes home, in the hope that it may
then appear to be included within a rule which will
enable me to gratify you, as I am extremely anxious
t.o do. Mr. Stanton is expected by the next steamer
from California, and I am very sure that he will
come then, unless the illness of his son prevents
him. You may, therefore, confidently expect areply
about the last of the present month, but not before,
unless you would prefer a decision against you to
the suspense of waiting that length of time.
Very respectfully, Sea., J. S. BLACK.
T. F. Meagher, esq.
Mr. SARGENT. If the dismissal had been
made on Black's motion it would have ended
the case; hence the pressure, political, social,
and professional, that was brought to bear on
him. But he withstood it all, and the case
was dismissed on motion of McGarrahan's
lawyers, which left the way for a proper ap-
peal, if made.
restoration op the fraudulent deceee.
Juiige Ogier died in the spring of 1862, and
Judge Haight was appointed his successor.
McGarrahan then objected to the validity of
the decree of Ogier setting aside the judgment
into which he had been entrapped, asserting
want of jurisdiction, and that it ought to be
held invalid. On the 4th of August, 1862,
in making his decision, Judge Haight says:
"With the mode and manner and reason for the
exercise of the power assumed by my predecessor
no fault can be found. A more gross case of fraud
by those charged with the care of public rights has
rarely been presented. The late district attorney,
P. Ord, esq., owning about two thirds of the land
claimed, consents to a decree of confirmation, re-
versing the opinion of the land commissioners, and
decreeing a confirmation of thegrant and the amount
claimed, which wouidnot probably have taken place
if the matter had been contested. It is not, therefore,
surprising that my predecessor, on learning the facts,
should have been indignant and set thewhole aside.
With great reluctance I decide that the order of this
court made and entered on the 21st of March. 1861,
must be set aside. 'Xhe parties, of course, are not
without remedy by appeal or otherwise," &e.
He, like his predecessor, recognized the gross
fraud of Ord, and that there should be a rem-
edy, and he held that remedy was by appeal. But
his conduct in setting aside the order of his
predecessor on the ground of want of jurisdic-
tion was absurd, when he could only make
such annulling order by the assumption of just
such jurisdiction as that which he denied to
exist. But he said the remedy against the
fraudulent decree was by appeal, and he
granted the appeal at the same term, August
25, 1802. Repenting of this act, he soon set
aside that order and refused any appeal. Let
those who would preserve his memory from
reproach defend his acts. To me they seem
devoid of law, justice, common sense, and
decency. Meanwhile the law officers of the
Government had been informed of all those
acts and doings, and had determined that an
appeal should be prosecuted, and that the
United States Supreme Court should hear the
case on its merits. The information was brought
from California by Hon. Edwin Stanton, the
Government law agent to resist Mexican fraud-
ulent grants.
m'gakbahan's effoets to fervent appeal.
Attorney General Bates, September 12,1862,
the next month after Haight vacated Ogier's
last order, directed the district attorney to
cause an appeal to be taken to the Supreme
Court of the United States, and see that the
record was sent up. But McGarrahan brought
a suit in equity and applied for an injunction
to prevent the United States from getting a
record in the case. This anomalous proceed-
ing of this "equitable claimant" is set out in
full in Executive Document 48, page 45, part
3, and I ask members to refer to it. Mr. Bates
tried a long while, and by every means in his
power, even writing a letter to Judge Haight as
uu old neighbor, to use his influence with the
clerk to obtain a transcript to enable the Gov-
ernment to take an appeal from Judge Haight's
decision, restoring the decree procured by the
fraud of Ord, but was unable to get it from
ClerJs Wheeler, or to obtain from Judge Haight
a request even that he should make out the
record. The "eqaitable claimant" then came
to the rescue, and he actually brought suit in
the circuit court of the United States for the
southern district of California for an injunc-
tion to restrain the clerk and district attorney
from making ont a transcript of the record
in the Gomez case on appeal to the United
States.
Here is a strong equity: if the Supreme
Court had no jurisdiction, of course amotion
to that effect would dismiss the appeal. But
no ; McGarrahan had no love for the Supreme
Court, and he sought this anomalous proceed-
ing, unheard of before, to end all further liti-
gation. The Government was compelled to
resort to the most desperate means to get a
transcript. Bates wrote repeatedly. The dis-
trict attorney tried in vain ; special counsel
demanded it; but it could not be had. The
man who was engineering all this, the immac-
ulate McGarrahan, by the mouth of his at-
torneys now tells us that the United States
lost its rights to an appeal because it did not
prosecute the appeal to the December term,
1862. Prom September to December, 1862,
the efforts of the law officers of the Govern-
ment were almost frantic, and McGarrahan
foiled them. This is one of his equities. The
whole farce was finished by an opinion of
Haight denying that an appeal was pending or
could be taken, or that the district attorney had
power under act of 6th August, 1861, to certify
a transcript of the case ; and also declaring
that he (Judge Haight) knew that the Govern-
ment had no interest in the case, and therefore
he would not certify any account for copies at
the expense of the United States.
This is the " bold, manly, straightforward
course of McGarrahan" that the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] so much admires.
He was the plaintiff in the injunction case,
and engineered the whole nefarious scheme by
which the United States should be cheated out
of seventeen thousand acres of laud, the valu-
able property of a mining company be stolen,
a swindling judgment be perpetuated, a false
transcript be imposed on the United States
Supreme Court, and an appeal on the merits
be barred forever.
Finally, the district attorney made up a
transcript on appeal from the pleadings and
such memoranda of orders as ne could get,
and the case was docketed in the Supreme
Court.
the case appealed and decided os iis merits.
Here McGarrahan, true to his determination
to prevent a hearing of the case on the merits,
endeavored to have the appeal dismissed,
which mot-ion was refused. The court having
decided the question of jurisdiction, no other
tribunal has a right to review the decision or
to say that they decided wrongfully. It must
be admitted that they decided on the side of
good morals and the public interest in their
decision, judicially and calmly made, with no
relatives or family connections at their elbows
to beg for votes or advocacy, with no friends
with pockets stuffed with stock of the Panoche
Grand Quicksilver Mining Company. After
hearing argument of able counsel, in the retire-
ment and leisure of their consultation cham-
ber, they made np their decision, and thus
expressed it in 3 Wallace, 733:
"Regarding the ease as regularly before the court,
it becomes necessary to examine the merits oftthe
claim. Some suspicion attaches to it, because it is
made for four leagues of land, whereas the only
document introduced in support of it which is ot the
least probative force represents the original olaim as
having asked for but three leagues. The document
referred to purports to be a petition of the claimant
to the Governor, and there is appended to it the
usual informe; but there is no concession or grant,
nor is there any satisfactory evidence that any title
of any kind was ever issued by the Governor to the
claimant. He states in his petition to the laud com-
missioners that he obtained the map or record from
the proper officers of the department but tho
alleged fact is not satisfactorily proved. Four wit-
nesses were examined by the claimant before the
land commissioners, but only one of the nnmberpre-
tended that he had ever seen the grant, and his
statements are qni'r too indefinite to be received as
satisfactorily proved.
"Instead of proving possession under the grant, it
is satisfactorily shown that he never occupied it at
all, and it is doubtful if he ever saw the premises
during the Mexican rule. The land commissioners
rejected the claim; but beforeitcame up for hearing
in the district court his attorney had been appointed
district attorney of the United States, and the proof
shows that he conveyed two leagues of the land to
the district attorney. The circumstances of the con-
firmation of the claim in the district court are fully
stated in the opinion of this court, when the mandate
was revoked and recalled. (United States «s. Gomez,
23 Ho ward, 339.) Comm ent upon those circumstances
is unnecessary, except to say that the confirmation
was fraudulently obtained.
" Although the decree was fraudulently obtained,
still, inasmuch as it is correct in form, it is sufficient
to sustain the appeal for the purpose of correcting
the error. The party who procured it cannot be
allowed to object to its validity as a means of per-
petuating fraud, especially as he did not appeal
from the decree. The decree of the district court
is therefore reversed, and the case remanded with
directions to dismiss the petition."
There is the authoritative judgment of the
United States Supreme Court on the merits of
the Gomez-McGarrahan case, and is all there
is on which to found a claim for sympathy or
relief. It is sharp and clear as a diamond,
and to ordinary minds any assaults on the
Supreme Couit for its judgment only recoil on
the assailant.
effoets to set pa text while pkevf.ntixo appeal,
While McGarrahan was endeavoring to en-
join clerks and district attorneys from furnish-
ing a transcript for use in the Supreme Court,
and preventing appeal on the merits, he was
busy in endeavoring to get a patent in advance
of an appeal. The " friendless Irishman" had
lawyers who gaiued access to the Executive
ear, to the department, &e., concealing the
fact of the desperate attempts of the Attorney
General to get an appeal, and his resistance
to them, asserting that the United States was
satisfied with the judgment, with the Beale-
Dyer survey, with everything about the case.
He nearly succeeded in his designs: but it is
enough to say he failed. It would prolong
these remarks too mueh to dwell on that chap-
ter, as black as all the rest, though any patent
issued at that time could only rest on a judg-
ment obtained by fraud, and which would
have been set aside for fraud by any decent
court in Christendom. But McGarrahan was
working for the Panoche Grande Quicksilver
Mining Company, with its $10,000,000 worth
of stock, and could afford to take some chances,
as he did, in his fraudulent judgment. A fraud-
ulent patent was only one more element of
power in such experienced hands. But there
was not only fraud in the concealment of mate-
rial facts from the Government as to the con-
dition of the litigation, but also in the descrip-
tion of the land to be patented. Here is one
of the most gross frauds in the whole business,
not excepting that of Ord in betraying his duty
as an officer.
the bj3ale-dyeb sdbvey.
By the system of frauds that distinguishes
this whole case the location of the Gomez
grant has been changed three times; and the
one last adopted, covering all the mines about
San Carlos peak, which is sixteen miles from
the nearest boundary described in the decree
of the district court, is the one that the minor-
ity adopt and sanctify and that the bill for the
relief of McGarrahan claims. How was the
grant floated from agricultural valleys to the
top of barren mduntains five thousand feet
above the level of the sea? The Panoche val-
ley tabes its name from a sweet cane used by
the Indians, from which panoche or sugar is
made. It would naturally be sought for as a
place of pasturage, as a ranbh, by the lazy
Spaniards; and there was unquestionably the
spot that Gomez had in his eye when he applied
for a grant, if he ever applied for one. There
is not a case in all California of a Spanish
garnt located on mountains. They all are in
the valleys, without exception. And so was
this one until it was floated miles away, after
..the discovery of the mines, to cover those
coveted possessions. How this floating was
