14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 15>
Ho. off Reps.
Amnesty—Mr. Maynard.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
earnest desire to obsorve the articles of peace, and
on ^11 occasions disposed to forgive offenses rather
than punish where the necessity for exemplary pun-
ishment has ceased:
'* II. Be it therefore enacted by the General Assembly
of f&e State of North Carolina, and it is hereby enacted
by the authority of the same, That all and all manner
of treasons, misprision of treason, felony, or misde-
meanor committed or done since the 4th day of July,
177S, by any person or personswhatsoever.be par-
doned, released, and put in total oblivion.
"III. Provided always, That this act, or anything
therein contained, shall not extend to pardon or dis-
charge, or give any benefit whatsoever, to persons
who nave taken commissions or have been denom-
inated officers, and acted as such, under the king
of Great Britain, nor to such as are named in any
of the laws commonly called confiscation laws,
or such as have attached themselves to the British
and continued without the limits of this State, aYid
• not returned within twelve months previous to the
passing of this act: Provided, further. That noth-
ing heiein contained shall extend to pardon Peter
Mjillette, David Fanning, and Samuel Andrews,
or any person or persons guilty of deliberate and
willful murder, robbery, rape, or house-burning,
or any of them, anything herein contained to the
contrary notwithstanding: Provided, nevertheless,
That nothing in this act shall be construed to bar
any citizen of this State from his civil action ior
the recovery of debts and other damoges : Provided
also. That nothing herein contained shall entitle
any person by this law to be received, to elect, or be
elected, to any office or trust in this State, or to hold any
office, civil or military,
"IV. Whereas by an act passed at Wake Court-
house all officers, civil and mihtaiy, who had taken
parol were suspended from the execution of their
respective offices, and required to appear at the next
General Assembly to show cause, if any they could,
why they should not be removed from said offico;
and whereas several of the officers aforesaid have
neglected to appear, agreeable to the requisition of
the act of Assembly: /?« it enacted by the authority
aforemid, That all ?uch officers, both civil and mili-
tary, are hereby declared to stand suspended from the
execution of their several ofliees until they shall ap-
pear at some, future Assembly and be restored to the
execution of their respective offices, or removed,
agreeable to their merit or demerit.
u V. Provided, That nothingherein contained shall
be construed to exclude a justice of the peace from
executing the duties of his office, who shall make it
appear to the satisfaction of the courtot his county,
by oath or otherwise, that he was taken prisoner
without his consent and privity, and that after his
capture he had not voluntarily stayed with the enemy,
nor taken an Active part in uny manner by furnish-
ing them willingly with provision, bearing arms, or
accepting any appointment in their civil regula-
tions."—Iredell's Lmri of JVorth Carolina, 45i, 455;
Acts o/1783, chapters 5 and 6.
Observe how carefully these acts are drawn
to discriminate between the culpable and the
merely unfortunate, between the willing and
the involuntary abettors of the Tory cause.
That law was enacted in 1783, after the close
of the revolutionary war, and remained on
the statute-book until time had executed it.
It contains a more sweeping code of political
disabilities by far than is contained in our four-
teenth amendment. And when gentlemen, in
speaking on this subject, talk so fluently—I will
not say flippantly—of our "hatred," ''re-
venge," "cruelty," "injustice," and "oppres-
sion" toward the authors of a causeless and
wicked rebelli-on, as exemplified in our unwill-
ingness to let them once more rale the country,
let thera go back if they will and arraign the old
revolutionary fathers for lacking a due degree
of humanity and a proper spirit of conciliation.
Such was the law of North Carolina. In
the legislation of the State of Virginia, three
years afterward, in the month of October,
1786, I find an act the title of which is, 4'An
act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act
the several acts for the admission ofimmigrants
to the rights of citizenship, and prohibit the
migration of certain persons to this Common-
wealth." That very mild and pacific title cov-
ered an act of which the seventh, eighth, ninth,
and tenth sections are as follows:
' VI"I. And be it further enacted, That the act of
Assembly, passed in the year 1779, entitled "An act
declaring who shall be deemed citizens of this Com-
monwealth," shall be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed ; and whereas it is just, and necessary to pre-
vent the admission into this State of those persons
who, being either citizens or natives of some of the
United States, have withdrawn themselves from
their country, and actually been in arms, aiding
and abetting the common enemy in their endeavors
to^subvert the rights and liberties of America.
VIII. Be it therefore enacted, That ail x>ersons
who, having-accepted amilitary commission from the
United States, or any of them, or who, having taken
the oath of fidelity to any of the United States, or
who, having been natives of or residents in any of the
United States on the 19th day of April, in the year
1775, or at any time since, have at any time during
the late war voluntarily joined themselves to the
fleets or armies of the king of Great Britain, or have
voluntarily borne arms against the United States, or
any of them, in any garrison, pos-t, or fortification,
or other place whatsoever within their territories, or
on their coasts, or have been owner or part owner of
any privateer or other armed vessel cruising against
the United States, or any of thera, and all and every
person and persons who at any time acted as a mem-
ber'of the board commonly called the board of ref-
ugee commissioners, at New York, or under the
authority, or by the direction of the said board, shall
be, and thejr are hereby, prohibited from migrating
to or becoming citizens of this Commonwealth; and
all such persons shall be equally subject to the pains,
penalties, and disabilities of this act, although they
have been heretofore or shall be hereafter admitted
to take the oaths of fidelity to this Commonwealth in
any court of record within the same, as if they had
never taken the same.
"ix. And be it further enacted, That all and every
person, and persons prohibited by this act from
migrating to this Commonwealth, who shall bo found
within the same, bhall and may be prosecuted in the
general court of this Commonwealth as for a misde-
meanor; and if upon trial such person or persons
be found guilty of a breach of this act, such person
or persons shall be imprisoned for a term not exceed-
ing six months in the public jail of this Common-
wealth, without bail or mainprise, and may be fined,
at the discretion of the said court, in any sum not
exeeeeding £100, and shall moreover stand com-
mitted until such fine be paid. And if the person
or persons so convicted shall bo found at large in
this Commonwealth after the expiration of one
year from the time of Ins or their conviction, or of
one month from the time of his or their enlarge-
ment from jail, such person or persons shall be com-
mitted to the publiejail,and upon proof being made
of the identity of such person or persons, he or they
shall bo thereafter imprisoned in the public jail for
the space of five years, without bail or mainprise,
and shall moreover forfeit, all his goods and chattels,
lands and tenements, for the use of the Common-
wealth. And if any per.son prohibited by this act
from migrating to this Commonwealth shall insti-
tute any suit or action whatsoever in any of the
courts of this Commonwealth against any citizen
of this Commonwealth, or other person bylaw en-
titled to become a citizen thereof, the defendant or
defendants may plead this act in bar of such action
or suit; and if upon th« trial of the cause it shall
appear that the plaintiff is by this act prohibited
from migrating to this Commonwealth, and that the
cause of action arose within the same after the com-
mencement of this act. the jury shall find for the
defendant or defendants; and thereupon judgment
shall be given against the plaintiff, with treble costs
of suit. And the clerk of the court m which such
cause shall bo tried shall, within one month there-
after, transmit a copy of the record, together with
the names of the witnesses sworn on the part of de-
fendant ordefendrints, to the attorney general of this
Commonwealth, who shall, at the next succeeding
session of the general court, file an information or
prefer an indictment to the grand jury against the
person or persons against whom such verdict and
judgment shall be given.
"X. And be U further enacted. That all persons resi-
dent in this or any other of the United States on
the said 19th day of April, and not included in the
above description, who arc at present prohibited
by law from migrating to this State, shall be, and
thoy are hereby, permitted to migrateinto and enjoy
all the rights of citizenship, except that they shall
not be capable of voting for members to either house
of Asucmbly, or of holding or exercising any office of
trust or profit, civil or military : Provided, That
nothing herein contained shall be construed so as to
contraveno the treaty of peace with Great Britain,
lately concluded."—12 ffenino's Statutes-nt-Large,
263; Acts of October, 1786, chap. 10, sec. 7-10.
In a preceding part of the same volume is
the celebrated act passed just one year before,
"for establishing religious freedom," in the
preamble of which occurs this passage:
"And finally, that Truth groat and will prevail
if left toherself; that she isthe proper and sufficient
antagonist to eiror. and has nothing to fear from the
conflict, unless by human interposition disarmed of
her natural weapons for argument and debate, errors
ceasing to be dangerous when it is permitted freely
to contradict them."
The same sentiment, in modified expression,
is found in Mr. Jefferson's first inaugural ad-
dress, and proves how much or how little we
have advanced beyond the men of that day in
comprehending the principles which lie at the
foundation of our liberties.
That law, passed by the Assembly of Vir-
ginia, which the counsels of Mr. Jefferson pen-
etrated and pervaded, stood upon the statute-
book until it executed itself. I am very much
mistaken if a similar research would not show
that others, perhaps most others of the thirteen
original States, had passed similar laws and
made similar provisions, excluding not merely
from the right of holding office, but from the
right, of voting also, all those wh  had partici-
pated in the struggle against American inde-
pendence.
I must be permitted to think that these
examples in our own country, by our own
immediate ancestors, some of them hardly yet
gone to their reward, still standing upon our
own American statute books, are far more
instructive and authoritative and safe to rely
upon than anything that can be drawn from the
precedents of England or any other country.
And when gentlemen talk of "oppression,"
of "hate," of "cruelty," of "injustice," to-
ward a defeated rebellion, and of similar
topics, I beg them to understand that, instead
of advancing upon the action of the fathers
at the close of the revolutionary war, even
their measure of justice has been immensely
mitigated.
I ask gentlemen to inquire what has been
done during the period, not quite two years and
a half, since the fourteenth amendment was
adopted, which requires that the persons who
came within the censure of the third section
should have their disabilities relieved at a
single sweep. I admit that many ought t,o be
relieved. I have conceded that all along.
The disabilities of not a few were more tech-
nical than actual. Others abandoned the re-
bellion either before or at the close tif the war.
Many such have been relieved by appropriate
congressional action. But it ia wrong, it is
impolitic, it is unstatesmanlike to embody all
these cases in one general, indiscriminate act
of relief, because there are different degrees
of responsibility and liability, and such an act
could have but a single interpretation, the con-
demnation of the constitutional amendment.
I cannot agree with my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] with whom I always exceed-
ingly regret to differ in opinion, that those who
held office in 1800 or 1861 were any worse, or
that those who held office prior to that time
were any better, than their associates. His
proposition, if I understand it, would relieve
all the latter, but leave all the former to remain
objects of special censure.
It is trne that many who held office in 18G0
and 1861,finding that by the political change of
the country they would be retired, attempted
to-overthrow the Government, and to establish
another in which there would be hopes of
preferment. On the other hand, a great many
of these antecedent gentlemen now proposed
to be relieved found that they had lost their
hold upon public favor; they found themselves
broken-down politicians, and this was a des-
perate scheme of desperate men to contrive
something by which they could retrieve their
unhappy fortunes. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will insist upon no such unwarranted
distinction. If he does, he certainly will do
great injustice to himself and to his character
as a wise legislator.
Mr. PROSSER. If nay colleague [Mr.
Maynard] will give way. as it is now some-
what late, I will move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think I had better go
on a little while longer. I will, however, be
governed entirely by the sentiment of the
House.
Several Members. Go on now.
Mr. MAYNARD. We have been told thai
in some parts of the South Republicans have
committed themselves in favor of universal
amnesty. I suppose the sense in which " uni-
versal amnesty" is used is the removal of
political disabilities. These gentlemen are not
alone in this demand. I have here a copy of
the platform adopted by a State convention of
