1448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
dona is clear from the testimony submitted to
the Judiciary Committee. McGarrahan went
with Dyer, the surveyor, and showed him the
ground he wanted surveyed. By the testimony
of Sherman Day, United States surveyor gen-
eral, the exterior lines of the survey could not
be run in less than two or three weeks. The
survey was actually done in as many days; and
its accuracy may be judged from that. To
give some color to its location it was necessary
to give a different name to the mountains.
Charles Goss was of the party, and testifies
how the San Carlos peak was changed to the
Panoche Grande peak, it being really a dozen
miles away at least, as the bird flies. He says:
" The whole party then proceeded to the San Car-
los mine. While we were on the dividing ridge I,
for the first time, heard the peak southeast from
the San Carlos mine called, by Messrs. Pitts and
McGarrahan, as the ' Panoche peak.' I expressed
astonishment, when Pitts and McGarrahan both
commenced talking at me and hushed me up. Mc-
Garrahan went on with a description of the origin
of the name, saying that it was called ' Panoche '
because it was rounding on the top. I had resided
in that vicinity for about a year, and had never
beard the peak called by that name before by any
one."
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
cites, to influence this House, an affidavit of
the Pitts above referred to, when the testimony
before the Judiciary Committee showed that
he was a scoundrel of the loosest character.
He was at one time an owner in the New Idria
mine, and sold out to a man named Gibbs.
While he was an owner he constantly asserted
that the McGarrahan claim was a fraud, and
in no event could reach the quicksilver mines,
and therfeby induced others to purchase. David
W. Young testified as follows:
" I first heard of the 'Panoche Grande' grant in
the year 1854, just prior to our purchase of Pitts and
others, as before stated, and accompanied Pitts to
the office of the land commissioners, to examine
for any grant that would be likely to cover the
mine. We there found the papers and deseno of
the 'Panoche Grande' grant, and concluded to-
gether that it did not affect the mines, inasmuch as
we were informed, and believed, that the grant was
fraudulent, and, if finally confirmed, could not cover
the mines. From this information, and the repre-
sentations of Pitts, I felt no hesitation in making
purchase of an interest. Subsequently, and up to
the time I finally left the mine, in the early part of
1859,1 had frequent conversations with Pitts, Wig-
gins. and the other members of the company, in
relation to the 'Panoche Grande' grant and the
title to the mines. We all of us ignored the idea
that any genuine grant existed, and if it did we
were all perfectly satisfied that it could not possibly
be located on our possessions at said mines. Pitts
was at all times very emphatic in his expressions
of disgust at any such idea. We regarded the pre-
tended claim to be made for no other purpose than
to compel us to purchase the claim, or to extort
compensation in the nature of black-mail."
W. N. Thompson thus testified:
"While said Pitts was a stockholder, as aforesaid,
I have frequently heard him say that said grant was
fraudulent, and that it could not by any possibility
be located on said New Idria mines, if genuine."
The motive for Pitts's change of base is
shown in the testimony of Charles Goss:
"I was present at a conversation between Mr.
Maxwell and Henry P. Pitts, in front of the office at
the New Idria mines, and in answer to a question
from Maxwell, Pitts said he had no interest, and did
not expect any, in the New Idria mines. The next
day he told me at Griswold's that he was to have his
old interest back again if McGarrahan gained the
mines, and stated that he had told Maxwell a lie the
day before about it."
He is a liar by his own confession, and work-
ing to impeach a title given by himself. But
his testimony is good enough for McGarrahan
and his advocates.
To resume. Otherwitnesses who had been in'
the country a dozen years at the time of the
survey testify that the peak in question is not
the Panoche peak, and give the explanation
that I have given of the word "Panoche."
Dyer says he was wholly unfamiliar with the
country, and that he did not make the survey
according to his judgment but according to
the directions of McGarrahan. General Day.
swears that he is familiar with the country,
and that the quicksilver mines are not within
fifteen or twenty miles of the alleged grant
of Gomez. L. Upson, late surveyor general
of our State, shows by the map that the Dyer
survey is a fraud. C. Brelawski, draughtsman
in Beale's office, made a plat of the Dyer sur-
vey. He testifies that in examining the field-
notes of the survey to make the plat, he found
that one half of the corners of the exterior
boundaries had not been established; noted
it in pencil on the map, and advised it should
not be approved. McGarrahan submitted it to
Beale for inspection. Beale overruled his
objections, and approved the plat and survey.
The boundaries of the grant have been three
times changed. I have here the manipulations
it has undergone, first in the petition, second
in the decree, third in the survey, as follows:
"Petition.—South by the lands of Francisco Aryas;
north by the lands of Julian Urzua and the low
hills; east by the barren hills, as explained by map
attached. No western course mentioned in petition.
"Decree— Southerly by the hills; northerly by the
lands of Julian Urzua; easterly by the valley of the
Tulare; westerly by the lands of Bon Francisco
Aryas.
"Survey.—North by lands of Julian Wisna or
ranoho Panoche de San Juan; west by the lands of
Francisco Arias or rancho de losAquilas; east by
the Tulare valley; and on the south by the river
known as the San Benito or Santa Anna."
A comparison shows the complete fraud
of these descriptions when they should corre-
spond exactly. The river first figures in the
survey, and is necessary to bring the grant
over the mining lands. Before that the grant
was bounded by the hills, then it took another
leap and was bounded by the mountains, then
it crossed the mountains in its southern pro-
gress and got to the river, opening up a gap of
from sixteen to twenty-four miles between it
and the lands of Aryas and Urzua, which
should be its boundary. Was ever fraud more
gross and clumsy? Yet all is "manly and
straightforward" in McGarrahan, says the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.] I must
believe, in charity, that that gentleman has not
read the testimony, has read nothing but Pas-
cal's speech, of which his is a mere reproduc-
tion, and does not know these facts ; for he
would not deliberately ignore them and expect
credit for honorable intention.
But the bill of McGarrahan calls not only
for the grant, but this survey of it; and we are
to confirm and make this survey conclusive,
though the law under color of which it was
made declares such surveys shall only be ■prima
facie evidence of boundaries, and the Secreta-
ries of the Interior who proposed to issue a
patent to McGarrahan in ignorance of the at-
tempt to appeal insisted that the patent should
recite that the survey was only prima facie
evidence. No attempt has been made to jus-
tify this survey in this debate, and it cannot
be justified; yet it is as much a part of the
McGarrahan case as anything in it; and if this
survey is corrected he loses all interest in the
case.
M'GAKRAEtAX'S MANDAMUS.
But we are not done with the Protean tricks
of McGarrahan. While this case was pending
before the Judiciary Committee of this Con-
gress, and that committee were requiring the
Idria Company to cease any effort to procure
a patent, McGarrahan was prosecuting a suit
for a mandamus to compel the Secretary of
the Interior to make a patent to him, under a
statute that debarred any right to such a patent
if the lands contained minerals. The law of
July 23, 1866, provides—
"Thatwhere persons, in good faith and for ft val-
uable consideration, have purchased lands of Mexi-
can grantees or assigns, which grants have subse-
quently been rejected, or where the lands so pur-
chased have been excluded from the final survey of
any Mexican grant, and have used, improved, and
continued in the actual possession of the same, ac-
cording to tho lines of their original purchase, and
where no adverse right or title (except of the Uni-
ted States) exists, such purchaser may purchase the
same, after having such land surveyed under exist-
ing laws, at the minimum price established by law,
upon first making proof of the facts required in this
section, under regulations to bo provided by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, &c.: Pro-
vided, That the provisions of this section shall not
be applicable to the city and county of San Fran-
cisco : Provided, That the right to purchase herein
given shall not extend to lands containing mines of
gold, silver, copper, or cinnabar," &«.
McGarrahan.had not bought in good faith
or for a valuable or adequate consideration ;
he had not used or improved the land, or been
in actual possession of it; there were adverse
rights, and the lands contained mines of cin-
nabar of the highest value. For all these con-
siderations he was not entitled to the relief,
and his attempt to enforce it was a fraud on
the court, and would be a fraud in any court
granting it. In this scheme, as in others, he
failed. But while prosecuting this short cut
to a patent ha and his counsel find fault with
the Secretary of the Interior for acting in the
matter before the case had been passed on by
Congress, and the records of the committee
are relied on to show that he had engaged so
to do. I believe there is some falsehood or
mystification in those records, for I know it was
generally understood at the time the stipula-
tion was made that the action of the commit-
tee only should be waited for, and that should
be final. I was so informed at the time by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters,] the
Secretary says so in his published letter, and
McGarrahan's lawyer, Shaw, so states in his
printed argument before the committee. He
says:
" It is proper tosay here that the memorialist.my
client. McGarrahan, at whose solicitation Congress
has directed this investigation, had no notice of these
arguments, references, or decisions, and relied on the
faith of theSecretary of the Interior's pledge to this
committee to suspend all action until the committee
had completed its investigation of the case."
The committee had so completed its investi-
gation, and the Secretary was informed that
its action was by a large majority adverse to
McGarrahan. The Secretary was only fulfill-
ing the stipulation as it was understood by all
parlies, and acting as a man of high honor
and unimpeached integrity as he is. I regret
the difference that arose between him and the
Executive of the United States, and I do not
believe that the latter, however his ear may
have been abused by those who had access to
him, ever intended to decide in favor of the
abominable fraud that I have exposed, or to
say that where a right had grown up under a
public statute openly passed and fairly dis-
cussed as was the mining law of 1866, having
universal application to all vein claims, tlmt
such a law should not be executed, or that the
beneficiaries of it should be deprived of their
rights. I do not know that the President has
ever read the petition of the Idria Company to
him,-but it is worthy of attention by the Presi-
dent and by Congress. I quote the conclusion
of it as pertinent to the pending amendment
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook:]
"Your petitioners are advised that by virtue of
the proceedings aforesaid, had by them under the
act of 1866, they acquired a vested right to the said
four hundred and eighty acres, for which they have
paid their money^ into tho Treasury of the United
States, and of which no future act of Congress can,
by any possibility, divest them; and that should
McGarrahan by any means obtain a patent for any
tract including the said four hundred and eighty
acres, that as to such portion a court of equity, look-
ing at this matter ns did Attorney General Hoar,
would treat McGarrahan as a trustee holding tho
legal title to the use ot your petitioners, and would
upon application compel him to convey the same to
them. From the ruinous delay and expense of such
litigation we entreat your Excellency to save us, and
we rest in entire confidence that this matter being
presented in its true light to your Excellency, you
will no longer withhold from us the evidence of title
to property which we honestly and fairly acquired
under the laws of the United States."
The document contains no unusual claim or
assumption. Admitting that the Idria Com-
pany have any rights under existing law, if
you sell the land the purchaser becomes a
trustee of those rights, and any court of equity
would compel him to make conveyance of iliem
to the company. No good lawyer doubts that.
The books are full of cases announcing such
principles:
"No grant of land by the United States can affect
preexisting titles." (City of jMew Orleans  **. I>e Ar-
mas, 'J Peters. 224; Taylor ««. Brown, 5 Craneb, 234 ;
Voorhees vs. Porter, 2 Marsh, 28.)
" A grant of land or a franchise made by the Legis-
lature cannot be recalled; and any act purporting
to operate a repeal of such legislative action is null
