1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
the country rock. The ordinary observer will
ascribe tim to the swelling and shrinking of
the vein matter, but the geologist who has care-
fully examined it will pronounce it a motion
which is tai;ing place between the country rock
and the vein matter similar to the grinding of
two planks against each other in a ship in a
heavy sea. Astonishing as it may seem, such
appears truly to be the case; and the clay,
which we find imbedded between the country
rock and the vein matter has been formed by
trituration and rubbing off from both, which
accounts for the polished surface of the latter.
A slow motion of this kind takes place only
on a true fissure vein—a vein which is supposed
to reach down indefinitely—and by an action
which emanate.s from the very bowels of the
earth.
To set at rest any doubt about the reality of
this motion a simple examination of the clay
need, but be made. If it be examined and
assayed at a portion of the vein which is bar-
ren of ore the assay of the clay will show no
trace of gold or silver. Ail assay, however,
of this clay at any portion of the vein where
the ore is rich will show a similar amount of
gold and silver, proving most conclusively that
the clay has been formed by rubbing off from
the vein matter.
It would be useless to go any further into a
description of the characteristics of true fissure
veins. The evidences which I have adduced
apply to all such lodes, and the fact once actu-
ally established that the Comstock lode reaches
down three or four thousand feet, so that cap-
italists may go there and see for themselves,
will apply to all other lodes which bear the
same evidences. It will apply to the gold and
quicksilver mines of California, the copper
mines of Michigan, the lead mines of Illinois
and Missouri, and the mines of the Carolinas
and Virginia.
The value of such an exploration, in a scien-
tific view, can hardly be estimated. Our
knowledge of geology is largely based upon
the workings of deep mines. How interesting
and important would it be to make an exam-
ination on this continent of the most product-
ive deposit in the world to a much greater
depth than has ever been reached before! The
scientific men of Europe would carefully watch
the progress of the work and the developments
which will be made, at greater depth than
have been reached by explorations of a thou-
sand years. Millions of dollars have already
been expended by the Federal Government
and by those of the different States upon super-
ficial geological surveys. This work will be a
practical, absolute, and positive survey into
the very bowels of the earth of greater prac-
tical value than any heretofore carried out.
Mr. President, I may be asked by what au-
thority this fund can be set aside for this pur-
pose. My answer is that the same authority
which authorizes the Government to make
appropriations for geological surveys upon the
surface, from which the theory of geology is
deduced, and by which we must be guided—
the fame law and right and power which justi-
fies that exists for making geological surveys
under the earth.
This bill, as amended, proposes to set, aside
the money arising from the sale of our mineral
lands to create a fund for two purposes. The
first provides that a certain percentage of it
shall be advanced to the Sutro tunnel when
that b;,s reached a certain fioint. The details
of the bill I will not now go into; but assuming
the right to exist. I ask Senators if it is wise
and prudent to do this? In order to answer
that question correctly, let us inquire for a
moment what our mineral products have been
and v. hat they probably would be under a sys-
tem of tunneling as thorough as this. Let
us h,t\e one great demonstration—a demon-
stration ocular, a demonstration not by any
theoty to be overthrown, but a demonstration
positive—that its deep down us humanity can
del ve in the depths of the mountains there are
these great mineral resources richly stored. Is
it policy, then? I assume that it is; and assum-
ing that, I have ventured to call np this bill
and ask for its support at your hands.
Now, sir, when I talk of this mining interest
I hope I shall not be answered from any quar-
ter that I live in a State where mining is the
great occupation. I answer that I do; but I
speak of mining and of fostering it, and of its
full development, with no particular reference
to the State in which I live. There are other
as rich mineral territories as that of Nevada,
and they are being discovered and developed
every day by private enterprise. But private
enterprise is not adequate to perform this
demonstration that the world needs. Why,
sir, establish the fact that the Comstock lode
at four thousand feet below the surface of the
earth is as rich as it was upon the surface,
and you can make your calculation of what it
will produce as well as you can how many
bushels of wheat it will take to make a barrel
of flour, and the nation's wealth by that dis-
covery can be counted upon as certainly as iu
regard to any other productive industry.
So great an extent of our country is now
engaged in these mineral explorations that it
seems to me the time has arrived when the
Congress of the United States should recog-
nize the labor of these daring explorers. Min-
ing takes the boldest operations. You start
at the base of a mighty mountain; within it
you are convinced that there is wealth to an
untold amount; and then you see the miner
with his chisel and his hammer strike into that
mountain-side with a boldness that challenges
the admiration of ihe whole community. In
and in he goes until he is exhausted in means
and in health, and then some rich company
takes the tunnel as started and drives it still
further on. I want the nation to aid this work
by setting apart a portion of this fund, arising
from the sale of mineral lands, so that we can
demonstrate not only to ourselves but to the
world that we are the richest mineral-pro-
ducing country on earth.
I hope, Mr. President, that this bill will
receive that consideration at the hands of the
Senate which it so richly deserves. Its ben-
efits are not confined to any locality, but it
embraces the whole nation. The gold that we
dig from our mountains falls into the lap of
New York as naturally as the products of the
fields of Indiana find their market there. There-
fore, the fact that we produce and the East
gets the fruit of our production, returning for
it its equivalent, to be sure, robs it of all local
interest and makes it a question as important
and as general as a question of commerce or
of protection to manufactures. I hope that
this bill will find that favor with the Senate
which I am sure it will with the mass of the
people and which will eventuate in its passage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams in the chair.) The bill is in Committee
of the Whole, and the question is on the
amendment reported by the Committee on
Public Lands. If there by no objection the
amendment will be considered as agreed to.
The bill is still open to amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose this bill cannot
be acted upon to-day, as a matter of course.
Mr. NYE. Why not?
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly shall have
something to say before we embark in an
enterprise like this, involving so much money.
Mr. NYE. Cannot the honorable Senator
say now what he wants to say?
Mr. SHERMAN. I want time to consider
what the honorable Senator has said. I sup-
posed, as a matter of course, that he only
desired to submit his views to-day.
Mr. NYE. I desire to secure the passage
of the bill as quickly as possible.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
open to amendment. If no amendment be
proposed, it. will be reported to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was only taken up by
common consent, to allow the Senator to speak.
I move that it be postponed with a view to take
up the unfinished business.
Mr. NYE. It is suggested to me by my
friend from California, [Mr. Cakserly,] who
is as deeply interested in the bill as I am, that
there is an understanding on the other side
that the vote shall not be taken to-day. Of
course, then, I will not press it now; but I
will take an early occasion next week to call
it up again.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the subject passes
away I will say to the Senator from Nevada
that I, like he, have been interested for two or
three years in the movement started by Mr.
Sutro for tumbling under the Comstock lode.
I have read his book, which the Senator has
before him, with a great deal of interest; but
the question is entirely novel, and I am cer-
tainly not prepared to advise that the Govern-
ment embark in the enterprise on the terms
proposed. I take a great deal of interest in
the subject and in the plan proposed; and in
any way in which the Government could do so,
without departing from settled principles, I
should have no objection to extending aid to it.
Mr. NYE. I hope the honorable Senator
will examine the bill with care at his earliest
leisure.
Mr. COLE. The plan now embodied in
this bill is very different from the one which
was before Congress last year. This is for the
sale of mines. The sale of mines is a new
measure, and this is making disposition of
funds that arise from a new-source .of revenue.
Perhaps it is a bill much less objectionable on
that account. To my mind it, certainly is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio moves to postpone the further
consideration of the bill.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest that the motion
is not necessary. I call for the regular order.
Mr. NYE. I will waive this bill for the
present, and call it up again at an early period.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The regular
order is Senate bill No. 508.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 606) to authorize the
removal of the custom-house from St. Marks
to Cedar Keys, Florida;
A bill (fl. R. No. 2813) for the relief of
Walter J. Lee ;
A bill (II. II. No. 2396) for the relief of
James J. Hiles, late a private in the third
Missouri cavalry;
A bill (H. R. No. 2777) for the relief of
Henry II. Hoyt, late of the fifth regiment
Wisconsin volunteer infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 2809) for the relief of
Reuben H. Bishop;
A bill (H. R. No. 2812) for the relief of
Robert K. Byrd;
A bill (H. R. No. 2811) for the relief of
John W. Campbell;
A bill (II. 11. No. 2525) providing for the
sale of land belonging to the United States,
situated at Sag Harbor, Suffolk county, in the
State of New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 2810) to pay members of
certain military organizations therein named;
and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. J65) for the
relief of William Buck, late surgeon of the
sixth Maine infantry volunteers.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. 11. No. 72)
providing for the repair of the inclosureof the
cemetery at Harper's Ferry, West \irginia.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of th? House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bill and joint resolution ; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H, R. No. 23D5) for the relief of
