1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
41st Cons....3d Sess.
Amnesty—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. of Reps.
the Democratic party of Tennessee, in Nash-
ville, last September, and which was reported
by a list of gentlemen, some nine in number,
all of whom were either colonels or generals—
not in the Union Army by any means—except-
ing one, and he a chancellor, whom Governor
Johnson, while military governor of Tennessee,
thought fit to send for awhile to Port Mack-
inaw, in the harbor of Detroit, as a political
prisoner. One or two of them, perhaps more,
would be recognized as formerly members of
this House. The platform prepared by these
gentlemen was adopted by the convention
which nominated as their candidate for Gov-
ernor a late general in the rebel army. I will
ask the Clerk to read the first, second, and
seventh resolutions.
The Clerk read a follows:
" Resolved, That the southern States should be
immediately restored to their lights under the Con-
stitution of the United States, as sovereign States of
the American Union.
" Resolved, That all citizens of the United States
under political disabilities should be immediately
relieved tkerefrrm." * ' * * * * *
" Resolved, That we regard the act recently passed
by Congress to enforce the fifteenth amendment as
unconstitutional, unjust, and oppressive, an invasion
of the rights of the States, subversive of the best
interests of the people, and therefore urge its uncon-
ditional repeal."
Mr. MAYNARD. You have there the opin-
ion of the Tennessee Democracy, expressed
by t.be leaders of the party, who were also
leader!i in the rebellion, and indorsed by their
followers at the ballot-box, denouncing your
legislation enforcing the fifteenth amendment
as unconstitutional, unjust, and oppressive,"
and urging its unconditional repeal; and vir-
tually urging the' abolition of the fourteenth
amendment itself, by demanding that all polit-
ical disabilities under it should be immediately
removed.
My experience for the last ten years has been
that what this class of men want themselves
individually, personally, in respect to public
affairs, is not what the friends of this Govern-
ment should desire or tolerate. -They are the
declared enemies of the Government, seek-
ing to compass its overthrow, and until their
enmity is unequivocally disavowed they should
not have their facilities for its exercise in-
creased by being admitted to the control and
management of -its affairs. Let them give
some assurance that their purposes are not
now just as hostile as at any time during or
since the war ; otherwise we but unchain a van-
quished foe and arm him for another contest.
Our first duty manifestly is to those who have
saved the Government from the efforts of these
very men.
Let us, however, go a little further. An-
other convention was holden about the same
- time, to nominate a Democratic candidate for
Congress in the district now represented by my
colleague, [Mr., Stokes.] During the pro-
ceedings, which are reported in the leading
Democratic paper in that district, one of the
members, who had been a colonel in the rebel
army, took an active part, and gave his status
in language which I will ask the Clerk to read
from the paper itself.
The Clerk read as follows:
"They talk about Conservatives. I am not a
Republican; lam notaRadical; I thank (jodforitl
/ am a rebel, and I am proud of it. [Applause.] lam
not a Conservative. A Conservative i-* a man that is
on the fence. I repeat that I am no "Radical; X am
lio Itcpubliean; I am no Conservative. 1 am a rebel
democrat. [Applause.] If anybody wants to make
anything out of that let them hump themselves. 1
am not afraid to say where X stand."
Mr. MAYNARD. Since that time, at the
close of the last month, one of the papers in
the same region, the Lebanon Free Press, ex-
pressed itself in language which I will ask the
Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Thero is a natural antagonism existing between
the southern man and the Yanked which will live
forever, and which is exemplified daily in every
relation of life. They hate each other as the French
and Prussians hate each other, and all the senti-
mental twaddle of a weak press about dead issues
cannot alter this. We are also for burying dead
issues, as far as it can be done, but only for starting
new, powerful, live issues to fight them with. We
believe in a Ifemesis in all things, and the day will
come with its thundering punishment upon ISTew
England's brood for all the past troubles this coun-
try has been cursed with."
Mr. MAYNARD. Another paper uses the
following language in an article commenting
on this bill now before us:
" Honest Ben is a lawyer, and has no doubt many
clients who have purchased valuable properties for
a mere song under those piratical tax-sale laws en-
acted in the fury of the war, and would like to havo
their titles receive a legislative quieting, whence
Ben's touching appeal for amnesty to cover the
noise of his clutching the crisp bank notes of the
blissful fee."
Declarations of that sort might be read with-
out limit as representative expressions. Now,
I submit whether men who entertain such
opinions, men who put upon record such dec-
larations, have entitled themselves to ask of
us, much less to demand of us, that we shall
wipe out a constitutional provision which the
people have adopted with express reference
to them. Mr. Speaker, in my judgment we
shall make a great mistake if we reenact the
policy of the old nullification era. The great
mistake made by Mr. Clay and the statesmen
of that time was that the same men who in
South Carolina had taken the incipient steps
in "rebellion against the Government of the
United States were permitted to retain their
places of honor, respect, and influence. Why,
Mr. Calhoun himself, when some years after-
ward some one reminded him in debate that he
owed his position in the Senate to the clem-
ency of the Government, retorted in the most
haughty, and I might perhaps say insolent lan-
guage, that he had brought the Government of
the United States to his feet; that he had made
it submit to his terms, and that he was con-
queror in that conflict. And now you propose
to remove from the very men who inaugurated
the rebellion, who were responsible for it, who
led the masses into it, this restriction placed
upon them by the American people; you pro-
pose to add to their position and influence by
admitting them back into their old places, to
take again the same oaths which they once
took, and, when they found it convenient,
broke without any hesitation.
We are told that they are people of the
greatest respectability and character in their
section of the country. Without inquiring
whether that be so or not, I ask whether it is
wise to enhance their respectability, to in-
crease their influence, by exalting them or per
mitting them to be exalted to places of honor
or distinction, the official trusts of this coun-
try, which are always attended hy an increase
of personal influence and respect ? It seems
to me strange that, in this attitude of affairs,
there should'be any hesitation on the part of
gentlemen who have been earnestly engaged,
as most members of this House have been, in
suppressing the rebellion and trying to maintain
the authority of this Government. Singular
infatuation! Fatal delusion! Disarm your ene-
mies by giving them increased power ! Make
treason odious by welcoming traitors, red-
handed and stubborn, to your chief places of
honor! Inculcate patriotism by compelling the
loyal to wait, hat in hand, for the crumbs from
your feasts of charity, given as a peace-offeiing
to the most daring and unprincipled of the
rebel hosts 1 I do not so read history; 1 have
not so studied political philosophy. The Gov-
ernment which forgets its friends will soon have
few friends to remember. The Government
which grants to its enemies impunity and im-
munities need not be surprised if its citizens
find it safer to be its enemies than its friends.
And should the day ever arrive when any con-
siderable number in any part of our land shall
find it more tolerable to have been traitors to
their Government than patriots, then anarchy,
and its successor tyranny, will be close at
hand.
Suppose you pass this bill and remove the
political disabilities of these men, do you think
you will get any credit for magnanimity, for
generosity, for mercy, for any of those quali-
ties which have been dwelt upon with so much
pathos and poetry by gentlemen in the course
of this discussion? Far from it; you will be
derided, taunted, sneeringly told that the
measure' has been extorted from you; that
you have granted it grudgingly and reluctantly
from the mean and unworthy motive of fear ;
that you did not dare to withhold il ; that a
sense of shame and a dread of coming ven-
geance forced the abandonment of your villain-
ous and iniquitous "radical" policy. When
these men come back here, amnestied and re-
lieved by your timidity—your craven fear, so
they will have it, your want of pluck, resolu-
tion, decision; purpose—they will come with
the port and manner of conquerors to assert
their authority and to triumph over their vic-
tory. You or your successors here willbe the
captives in the train to grace their triumph.
Their hatred of you will remain ; but it will
be barbed and envenomed by contempt. The
manly qualities of pluck, daring, energy, pur-
pose, tenacity, anduncompromisingself-respect
they fully appreciate; but not maudlin senti-
ment, nor any of the miserable forms of self-
abnegation.
I ain in favor of continuing the operation of
this constitutional provision and the law which
we have recently passed to enforce it, until the
authority of the law shall be respected, until it
shall be known by every man in the United
States that there is a power here under the
flag, not merely able to fight, but able to make
laws and to enforce their observance ; until
the judicial department of your Government
shall have declared that your laws are author-
itative and must be obeyed. You and your laws
will then be respected. Of late we have been
lamentably deficient—I had almost said pover-
ty-stricken—of any judicial declaration imply-
ing any censure of the rebellion. Hardly have
we had so much as a declaration that there
can be treason committed against thu United
States, much less a definition of what it is. On
the contrary, we have had decisions from very
high quarters declaring that the paper issued
under'rebel authority was lawful money so far
that it could be a subject of trade and a consid-
eration for a legal and valid contract; that your
highest judicial tribunal will sit, black-robed
and solemn, counting the precious stuff and
computing its value in the currency of your
country; while the money issued by the author-
ity of the United States, as a mighty sinew of
war in our time of sorest need, has been de-
nounced as unlawful, so far at least as it was
sought to be made a legal tender in payment
of preexisting debts. 1 want to see whether
there is to beany judicial declaration concern-
ing this rebellion that it was a violation of
the fundamental law, that it was wrong, and at
whose door lies the wrong. JYir surely, unless
all moral distinctions are to be obliterated from
human affairs, between the oppressor and his
victim, between cruelty and mercy, between
cursiug and blessing, between good and evil,
unless the will is to stand for conscience and
power for right, then has a mighty wrong fallen
upon the land in this our day.
1 cannot imagine that the measureless blood
shed during the rebellion has been shed without
a wrong somewhere and by somebody. Die
wrong must be wholly ou the one side or the
other. There can be no division of the respons-
ibility. If the rebel was not wrong in holding
to his doctrine of secession, that he had, under
the-Constitution, the reserved right to go out at
his pleasure from under the flag and set up a
dominion for himself, then we, who represent
