624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Pierpont Seymour, of Bast Bloornfield, New
York ; and
A joint resolution (H. R, No. 368) for the
relief of Charles P. Elgin.
advances by the states.
The Senatej as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
508) to refund to the States the interest and
discount on money borrowed to equip, pay,
supply, and transport troops for the service of
the United States in the recent war, the'ques-
tion being on the amendment of Mr. Ramsey
to the amendment of Mr. Morton.
The amendment of Mr. Morton was to strike
out all of the bill after the enacting clause and
insert the following :
That any State or Stated which dining the rccent
war borrowed money to purchase supplies, equip
troops, and to pay expenses incurred in raising,
equipping, furnishing, and transporting troops lor
the service of the United States, for which the ac-
counts have been or shall hereafter he audited arid
allowed by the Treasury 3,>opattsnent of the Gov-
ernment. shall have reloaded the interest paid by
such State, or shall hereaUcr pay ou such borrowed
money, up to the time that the principal thereof has
been, or shall hereafter be, paid hack to such Stlto,
and the discount suffered ou bonds sold tit borrow
such money, not exceeding ton pel cent., thediscount
being necessary in order to sell .said bonds; and the
accounting oliicers of the Tieasnry are hereby re-
timed to esauuneaud adjust, any and all claims that !
may be presented under lho piovisions ot this act; i
and sneh sams as may be allowed sha.ll be paid out
of any money in tho Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Thu amendment to the amendment was,
after tho '.yotd "money." in line eleven, to
insert the words ''or suffeted in the scrip
issued to pay such accounts."
Mr. MORRILL,ol Vermont. laskwhether
it will be in order to move to strike out the
amendment now proposed by the Senator from
Minnesota il'I include oilier words with it, alter
it shall have been adopted, if it be adopted?
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that it will be in order.
Mr. MOItRILL, of Vermont. I shall move,
then, to strike out these words, if they shall
be inserted, with other words, commencing
after the word "State" in line ten, down to
the word "bonds,'' in line twelve.
Mr. b'AMSEY. Kttiking out what part of
the bill
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Sinking oat
the allowance of discount.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Abbott
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment proposed bv the Senator from Minne-
sota to the amendment ot the Senator from
Indiana.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MOltllILL, of Vermont. Now 1 move
(o strike out that part just, inserted, and to
strike out all alter the woid '"State," in line
ten. down to and including the word " bonds,"
in line twelve.
The Chief Cleik read the words proposed to
be stiicken out, as follows :
And the discount suffered on bonds sold to bor-
row such money, or sutfeied ou the scrip issued to
pay sueh botuls, not exceeding ten per cent., the dis-
count being necessary iu older to setl said bonds.
_ Mr. RAMSEY. I imagine the amendment
just adopted will require a further correction,
so as to read " snch bonds and to pay such
accounts," to make it peifect.
Mr. MORTON. Your amendment will
require a little verbal change.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 suppose that will be made,
as a matter of course.
Mr. MORTON. Before the question is
taken on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Vermont 1 desire to say a word.
Thai, amendment is to strike out so much of
tins bill as would refund to tho States their loss
lipon the bonds which they were compelled to
sell to obtain money. I oppose striking that
out, because I think it, would be inequitable
and unjust to the States. 1 think it is entirely
proper that tho Government should refund to
the States that loss which they were compelled
to suffer in order to comply with the demands
of the Government at that time.
The argument of the Senator from Connec-
ticut [Sir. Buckingham] the other day was that
the States should not be reimbursed for this
discount, because that would make inequality
among theStates; that some States could sell
their bonds for par and others could not sell
them for par; mid therefore to pay the dis-
count to those States that could not sell them
for par would be unjust to those States which
had sold their bonds for par; and this argu-
ment also was reinforced strongly by the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Conkling.] Sir,
this is not a question of the equality of taxation
among tho States ; hut it is a question of con-
tract, of strongly implied contract; a question
of absolute justice.
What are the facts? When this war began
the Government had not the money to purchase
Army supplies and to equip and transport the
troops, 'the States were called upon, and if
the States could not have done it at that time
it could not have been done at all. Jt was
some months before the Government was in a
condition to pay for these supplies. It was
not until the fall of that year that the Govern-
ment began to furnish these supplies. I speak
for my own State; and 1 believe I speak for
most of the States in that respect. When the
Stales were thus called upon by the Govern-
ment to supply these troops, the Government
knew that the States had not the money. 'They
had in their treasuries simply that money which
was necessary for their ordinary expenses, and
they had not tho extra funds required to pay
these extraordinary expenses; and the Govern-
ment knew perfectly well lhat the States had
to borrow this money ; 1 speak of the most of
them. It was therefore, in substance, an invi-
tation to the Stales to go into the market and
sell their bonds anil raise this money for the
benefit of the Government. Jt was not so put
to lho States in so many worus, but that was
tho substance of it, because the Secretary of
War and the Secretary of the Treasury kueiv
that the States had not, the money ou baud for
these extraordinary expenses. TheStates were
called upon to do that ns the only tiling that
would enable them to comply with the demands
of the Government; and it was done.
1 speak for tiie Slate of Indiana. As soon
as tho lirst call for troops sa-i made, the Legis-
lature of that State was convened iu extra
session. The first thins; that was done was to
authorize a loan of $2,000,000. The bonds
were printed and gotten out with the utmost
expedition, and commissioners were sent to
New York to negotiate the loan for.(he pur-
pose of furnishing the supplies and paying1 the
expenses demanded by the General Govern-
ment. This was done m other Slates. Much
ibflicully was experienced in obtaining the
money at that time. The discount on a por-
tion of the bonds sold by my State was much
greater than ten per cent. There was at that
time a, plethora of State bonds, for this very
purpose thrown upon the market. At that
time, too, there was general distrust; there
was a want of confidence iu the money mar-
kets sit New York and all over the country.
The country did not know what was before it.
The States did the very best they could do.
'This money was obtained at such rates as they
could sell their bonds for; and it was advanced
for the benefit of the Government. No>v, sir,
I put it to the Senate, upon principles of com-
mon justice and equity between the Govern-
ment and the States, of equity between man
and man, under the same circumstances, should
not this loss, thus inevitably incurred at the
request of and for the benefit of this Govern-
ment, be reimbursed by it?
Take the case put by the Senator from New
York [Mr. CoxkuxgJ the other day. He
calls upon mo for money. He knows that 1
have not got it. He knows that I cannot fur-
nish the sum that he says to me is absolutely
necessary to save him from financial ruin. I
go into the market and borrow that money
upon the best terms that I can and pay it out
for him. I ask if, upon every principle of
equity and law, be would not bo bound to
refund to me, not simply the legal interest,
but the discount and loss I had suffered? The
legal interest was no inducement: it was not
done for interest. And so this money was not
borrowed for the benefit of the States, but to
save the Government. It was not for a matter
of profit that the States made these sacrifices.
I ask whether under these circumstances the
Senator from New York should not pay back
to me, not simply the interest—for I was not
engaged in loatiing money, it was not doue
for a speculation, but to save his fortunes—
but the discount and loss I had suffered ? Cer-
tainly any court or any jury in the world would
say so.
In the case of the other man, to whom he
applied for the loan of $500—I am taking the
illustration the Senator made—he has got iton
hand, and he advances if. He makes no sac-
rifice, except simply lying out of the use of
the money which he already has in his safe.
Now, sir, it is not a question whether these
two creditors shall be treated just alike ; that
is not important; but it is a question whether
they shall be reimbursed and made whole for
doing that thing which the Government called
upon them to do. I submit to my friend from
New York that his argument fails upon the
broad question of equity.
Now, sir, how shall the Government deal
with these States? If it had not been for the
patriotism and the promptitude of the States
of the Norlh the rebellion, when we consider
the advantage it obtained in the beginning,
the great start it got, so So speak, could not
have been suppressed. The States came for-
ward at once and did all that could be done ;
and (his debt is one of the most sacred that
the Government owes. There is not a bond
that has been sold which is a more sacred
obligation than is the obligation to pay these
Stales, not only the interest ou the money they
advanced, but the discount and the loss they
suffered in raising it. Shall the Government,
deal with the States upon technical principles
of law? Shall it deal hard and rigidly with
them, or shall it act upon the broad facts of
(he case as written down in the bloody mid
distressing history of that time? Should it
not act upon principles of broad equity ami
make the States whole? If this money bad
been loaned as a matter of' profit by the State',
if they had had money to invest, the caso would
have been different. But there was no such
feeling in it; there was no such motive. It
was done for the preservation of this Govern-
ment. If the Government is bound in honor
to pay in gold, as it is said, its bonds and tin;
interest upon them, I ask if the first obliga-
tion which was created, and I may say in point
of morals perhaps the highest obligation, is
not to reimburse these States that at once
came forward to the rescue?
Mr. President., this is about all that I have
to say on this subject. This seems to be the
disputed point in this bill. I ask that (he biil
shall be considered upon the broad principles
of equity and justice to the States, for cer-
tainly there can be no more sacred debt.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
if the Senator from Indiania fails to show that,
this is an equitable proposition as regards ail
the States I think it cannot be shown : and, if
he will allow me to give my opinion, 1 think
he has utterly failed to show that there is any
equity in the proposition that the Gencial Gov-
ernment shall refund discount that has been
paid by the several Stoles. It is utterly impos-
sible for the General Government, to raimbuise
all the losses that have been sustained by the
several Stales; but so far as they can be
adjusted and made to apply equally to every
State, I am in favor of the proposition.
If the Senator desires to kill this bill let me
advise him to adhere to this portion of it, for
