1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &LGBE.
if
41st Cong....3d Sess,
Annexation of Dominica—Mr. Stoughton.
Ho. of Reps.
we shall have exhibitions here that will arouse
the indignation of the people and produce an
artificial effect upon the political sentiment
of the country. I submit whether that is an
object worthy of an honorable nature, or in
the slightest degree creditable to anybody.
The proposition, as I understand it, is, when
reduced to plain English, that the people'3
Representatives shall submit from day to day
to be hectored and bullied and insulted, as a
means of awakening the sympathies or excit-
ing the resentment of their constituents, and
thus increasing their popularity and securing
the ascendency of theirparty. Can the House,
or any single member of the House, be in-
duced to adopt such a policy for a purpose so
unworthy, so discreditable, so degrading? I
trust not.
But I was about to remark, when I gave way
to the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sar-
gent,] upon the third object contemplated by
this bill, that it extinguishes private rights of
redress for personal wrongs or for injuries to
property during the war. I will read a part
of the language employed:
So that no damage, loss, harm, wrong, or injury
shall hereafter come, or any right or claim accrue to
the United States or to any persons against any other
person not hereinafter excepted, of, from, or because
of any act done by him, or omitted to be done, in
aid of. or in the suppression of, or because of tlfc late
rebellion.
In some portions of the South, when the war
was over, men who had suffered in person or in
property because of their opinions in regard to
the rebellion, sought redress in the courts of
the country. In some cases the suits thus
brought are still pending; in other cases they
have passed into judgments, and the judgments
have been satisfied either wholly or in part. I
have in my eye one of the Representatives from
Texas, [Mr. Whitmore,] himself a prisoner
for long and weary months, and his old father
and a brother prisoners with hiih, who has in-
stituted proceedings that are now pe'ndirig for
redress against thoSe who thus wronged him in
his dearest and tendWest rights. This bill, if
enacted into a law, would turn him out of
court with the burden of costs upon his back.
But the bill provides further:
And all orders, decrees, judgments, executions,
levies, extents, fines, penalties, forfeitures, punish-
ments, heretofore made, entered, and. ordered, of
and concerning any act or thing mentioned in the
Gr&t section of this act, of any couit of the United
States, are hereby declared to be void and of none
effect, from and after the passage of this act, eicept
as hereinafter set forth.
Why is the clause made so wide and sweep-
ing, beyond perhaps what any of us, except it
be the framer of the bill, can conceive? And I
doubt whether even he has contemplated evfery
possible effect it may have. How far is it to
operate on decisions of the Court of Claims
adverse to these rebel claimants for cotton and
various supplies seized? What is to prevent
these parties bringing another suit? How is
it to operate on the men who have secured
judgments against those who wronged them?
How is all this to operate upon individual
claims? How many is it going to extinguish?
How many is it going to revive which ought
never to be paid, claims that were a fraud
upon the Government, claims growing put of
transactions in violation of the law, claims for
supplies of various kinds furnished to the
rebellion? I have in my mind the ease of a
man who furnished five thousand stand of
arms to the southern confederacy. If this bill
is passed into law, it seems to me there is
nothing to prevent that man bringing a suit
to recover his money ; and we should see the
scandal in the courts of our country of con-
tracts of that nature sustained by their judg-
ments and enforced by their executions.
I confess I cannotunderstand why we should
interfere in any way as between private parties.
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 2.
Where complaints have been made of acts dur-
ing the war, done under color of authority, as
in the instance of my colleague, [Mr. Stokes,]
cited by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler,] we have already provided that
all those cases, when suit is brought, shall be
transferred from the State to the Federal courts.
I would be willing to go further, and provide
that those suits shall no longer be prosecuted,
and that the parties shall no longer, "be vexed
or unquieted." in the language of the bill, by
reason of them. I would be willing to do that.
We have, in various private acts of legislation,
indemnified men who have suffered in the cause
of the Government for transcending the strict
letter of the law. I would do it in every in-
stance, when I was satisfied of the good faith
of the accTtsed, and when the violation of law
could be traced to lack of knowledge or excess
of zeal. No doubt there are cases where the
citizen is legally entitled to redress against
officials and others acting on behalf of the
Government. Let the right and measure of
redress be judicially established, and, in the
absence of fraud tad actual malice, let the
Government assume it. *
Allow nre now a few words touching the ex-
ceptions that are made in the third section of
the bill of persons not entitled to its benefits.
The first is, "whoever, having been educated
at the Military Academy at West Point, or the
Naval School at Annapolis, shall have engaged
in the rebellion and insurrection against the
United States, or given aid and comfort to the
enemies thereof." This is but a mere fraction
of those upon whom the fourteenth amendment
has imposed disabilities, and I am by no means
sure that they are the most censurable. One
thing is certain, they did notfomentand organ-
ize the rebellion. The most that can be said
against any of them is that they joined it when
under way. Even this wa& done by most of
them very reluctantly, and at the instiga'tiO'n,
no dOubt, in many cases, of the very men who
would be relieved by this bill. It is the old
story; po'or Tray comes in for the beating.
The bill also excepts from its benefits,- in
addition to those who have been educated at
West Point and sit the Naval Academy, those
a;lso who have been members 6f Congress.
The'te is not a very grestt nu'fiber of these. It
excepts also those who have held executive,
diplomatic, and some other Federal offices,
Which is prdbably a claSS Still fewer in number,
and under which fewer would be disqualified.
It does not, however, exclude men who have
held high State offices, who have been Gov-
ernors of States, or judges of States, or mem-
bers of the State Legislatures.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It ex-
cepts the Governors of States on the other
page of the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Ah ! I had not observed
that. I see now that it does exempt those who
were Governors of States while they were en-
gaged in the rebellion ; but I was speaking of
the men who held the office of Governor before
the rebellion, aitid who were engaged,_ in the
language of Mr. Yancey, " in instructing the
southern mind and firing the southern heart,
preparatory to it. I certainly think that these
men ought not to be exempted.
I trust myself that Congress will let this whole
subject rest where it is, leaving time, the great
alleviator of public as of private ills, to do its
work. There is very little for legislation to
do. At the close of the revolutionary war the
legislation to which I have referred cured all
the evils and maladies of that time, and a sim-
ilar adherence to a settled line of policy will
do it now. I trust that we shall adopt no pre-
cipitous, or ill-prepared, or crude measures m
advance of the requirement of the time. I hey
would be as illogical as premature.
I see that my friend from Ohio [Mr. Winaxs]
is now present, and I will, at his request, yield
the floor to him for a few minutes.
Mr. WINANS here addressed the House.
When he had concluded,
Mr. MAYNARD. May I inquire of the
Chair how much time I have left of my hour?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has two
and a half minutes remaining of his hour.
Mr. MAYNARD. In the brief time I have
left I will simply suy that if the policy had been
carried out as first announced by the late Pres-
ident of the United States, of committing the
work of reconstruction to the friends of the
Government, while its enemies should be com-
pelled to take back seats, we should have had
very little trouble with it. The very effort
that has been made, and is now making, is in
favor of men conscious of having lost the great
stake for which they played, and who wish now
to recover their former position. In other
words, the men who were in political power in
the South before the war, and who, by their
participation in the rebellion, have lost ihat
power, are now seeking by such measures as
this to reinstate themselves. They will be very
poorly satisfied, I warrant you, by your putting
in somebody else, by seeing other_ men, no
matter who or of what political faith, going
into the places they formerly held. They want
themselves, in their own proper persons, to be
back in the old seats which they once occupied.
I am in favor of keeping them out.
We are told that we shall have worse per-
sons in their places if we do not let them come
back. That is quite probable. But we Shall,
at any rate, have younger men; a new class of
men, without any old ante bellurn records and
committals ; men who will start out on a new
line of departure, who, whether they intend it
or not, will unconsciously, without being able
to avoid it, acceptthe struggle and its results of
the last ten years. We shall have new blood
infused into southern polities, even though,
in the estimation of gentlemen, it may not be
as pure and loyal as they would be glad to
have" it. Still, in my opinion, it would be a
great improvement over bringing back into the
political arena of the country the men who for
twenty years before the war were contriving
and scheming and engineering the state, of
things which resulted in the war. Whatever
else betides the South, Heaven preserve her
from her old school of State-rights Demo-
cratic politicians.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Annexation of Dominica.
REMARKS OF HON. W. L. STOUGHTON,
01? michigan,
In the House or Representatives,
January 10, 1871,
On the report of the Committee, of Foreign Affairs
upon tho memorial of Porter C. Bliss and George
F. Masterman in, relation to their imprisonment
in Paraguay by the President of that republic, and
subsequently on the United States gun-boat Wasp
and the ilag-ship Guerriere, of the South Atlantic
squadron, by "United States officers.
Mr. STOUGHTON. _ Mr. Speaker, there
is nothing in the resolution under considera-
tion which ought to excite apprehension or
alarm. It simply provides for the appointment
of a commission to inquire into, ascertain, and
report—
1. The ^political state and condition of the repub-
lic of Dominica. . „ ,T . ,
2. The desire and disposition of tho people ol the
said republic to become annexed to and to form part
of the peopleof the United Stateg.,
3. The physical, mental, ftnd moral condition ot
the said people, and their general condition as to
material wealth and industrial eapacity.
4 The resources of the country, its mineral and
agricultural products, the products of its waters and
forests, the general character of the soil, the extent
