1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1451
seen, after a full hearing of the claim, rejected
it. March 6. 1865.
On the 21st March, 1861, Judge Ogier re-
voked the decree which had previously been
obtained from him by fraud on the part of
District Attorney Ord, and in so doing left on
record this emphatic judgment:
"Whereas it has eome to the knowledge of this
court that a decree heretofore rendered by this court
in this case was falsely obtained by misrepresentation
of the then district attorney, P. Ord, and other coun-
sel in the case; and it appearing to the satisfaction
of the court, from testimony on record in the case,
that the then district attorney, counsel fortheUnited
States, was, at the time of making said decree, inter-
ested in the land claimed in said causo adversely to
the United States, and representing to the court that
there was no objection to the confirmation of the
claim aforesaid on the part of the United States, a
decree was entered without an examination by the
court into the merits of said claim, thus deceiving
the court and obtaining a decree in his own favor
under the false pretense of representing the inter-
ests of the United States; it is therefore ordered
that all proceedings heretofore had in said cause be
set aside, and the cause be put on the calendar and
set fortrial dc novo according to law."
From this it will be seen that Judge Ogier
never passed judgment upon the merits of the
claim, but only on the fraud of the district
attorney.
On the 4th August, 1862, Judge Haight also
recorded his judgment of the fraud, in the fol-
lowing language:
" With the mode and manner and reason for the
exercise of the power assumed by my predecessor
no fault C:in be found. A more gross case of fraud
by those charged with the care of public rights has
rarely been presented. The late district attorney.
P. Ord, esq., owning about two thirds of the laud
claimed, consents to adecreeof confirmation, revers-
ing the opinion of the land commissioners, and
decreeing a confirmation of the grant and amount
claimed, which would not probably have taken
pinco if the matter had been contested. It is not,
therefore, surprising that my predecessor, on learn-
ing the facts, should have been indignant, and set
the whole aside. With great reluctance I decide that
the order of this court made and entered on the 21st
of March, 1861, must be set aside. The parties, of
course, are not without remedy by appeal or other-
wise."
After the case had been twice before the
Supreme Court on preliminary motions, first
in 1858 and again in 1863, it came up in the
December term of 1865, and the whole record
was examined and the case argued from be-
ginning to end, both the question of jurisdic-
tion and the merits of the claim. And the*
unanimous judgment of the court as rendered
is recorded in 3 Wallace, page 752. The his-
tory of the case, the points made by the oppos-
ing counselors, and tbe opinion and judgment,
of the court should be studied by every mem-
ber of this House who has the least inclina-
tion to cast his vote in favor of the HcGarra-
han claim. After the court had exposed and j
characterized with great severity the various
frauds which have been perpetrated and at-
tempted by the defenders of the McGarrahan
claim, its final opinion and judgment on the
merits of the case are given in this paragraph,
which I quote from 3 Wallace, pages 766-67:
"Regarding the case as regularly before thecourt,
it becomes necessary to examine the merits of the
claim. Some suspicion attaches to the claim, be-
cause it is made for four leagues of land, whereas
the only document introduced m support of it, which
is of the least probative force, represents the ori-
ginal claimant as having asked for but three leagues.
" Document referred to purports to be the petition
of the claimant to the Governor; and there is ap-
pended to it the usual informe; but there is no con-
cession or grant, nor is there any satisfactory evidence
that any title of any kind was ever issued by the
Governor to the claimant. He states in his petition
to the land commissioners that he obtained the map
in the record from the proper officers of the Depart-
ment; but the alleged fact is not satisfactorily
proved. Pour witnesses were examined by the claim-
ant before the land commissioners, bat only one of
the number pretended that he had ever seen the
grant, and his statements are quite too indefinite to
be received as satisfactory proof.
"Instead of proving possession under the grant.it
is satisfactorily shown that he never occupied it.
at all: and it is doubtful if he ever saw the premises
during the Mexican rule. Land commissioners re-
jected the claim, but before it came up for hearing
in the district court his. attorney had been ap-
pointed district attorney of the United States; and
the proofs show that he conveyed two leagues of the
land to the district attorney. Circumstanoes of the
confirmation of the claim in the district court are
fully stated in the opinion of this court, given when
the mandate was revoked and recalled. Comment
upon those circumstances is unnecessary, except to
say that the confirmation was fraudulently obtained.
Although the decree was fraudulently obtained, still,
inasmuch as it is correct in form, it is sufficient to
sustain the appeal for the purpose of correcting
the error. Party who procured it cannot be allowed
to object to its validity as a means of perpetuating
the fraud, especially as he did not appeal from the
decree.
"The decree of the district court is therefore re-
versed. and the cause remanded, with directions to
dismiss the petition."
More than three years after this annihilation
of his pretended claim by the Supreme Court
McGarrahan attempted to obtain a mandamus
from the supreme court of this District to
compel the Secretary of the Interior to issue
him a patent to these very lands to which the
Supreme Court had unanimously decreed that
he had no right. That attempt received its
death-blow less than one year ago by another
unanimous judgment of the Supreme Court,
dismissing the petition.
I have now made good my declaration that
no court nor any member of a court has ever
affirmed that this claim has merits; but that
every judge before whom it passed in review,
unless Judge Olin of this District be an excep-
tion, has struck it an indignant blow.
But, sir. this claim has not been left to the
condemnation of judges alone. From its first
appearance in the Federal courts, nearly all
the Attorney Generals of the United States
have been called upon in their official capacity
to consider it. Not one of them has ever
uttered an official word in its favor. Five of
them have denounced it, aud exerted their
official power to prevent the wicked machin-
ations of its supporters from making it suc-
cessful. As a specimen of the opinions con-
tinuously held in the office of the Attorney
General on this subject, I will quote from the
official letter of Attorney General Black, bear-
ing date of May 22,1860. When I look at this
letter I can understand the indignation exhib-
ited against the distinguished author of this
opinion by thegentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] and by all the favorers of the McGar-
rahan claim in this House. They cannot feel
comfortable toward a man who so early and so
powerfully exposed the villainy of this claim.
I quote from the official letter of Judge Black,
addressed to President Buchanan :
"These mines are said to be as rich as those in
New Almaden. The title under which they claim
is alleged to have been made to Vicente Perfecto
Gomez, a man of bad reputation, sustained by testi-
mony of witnesses whose characters are even worse
than that of the claimaut. The district court for
the southern district was induced to make a decree
in favor of the claim by a false representation that
the Government acknowledged its genuineness. But
the imposture was soon after discovered, and the
special counsel of the United States moved to open
it for a rehearing. In the mean time, however, a
false transcript had been obtained from the record,
which was brought here and imposed upon the
Supreme Court, by whom a mandate was issued for
the execution of the decree. Upon the proper
representations being made here toe 'mandate was
revoked, and the case left in a condition which
makes it certain that a proper decree will be made
in due time. Perhaps this case has some features in
it more extraordinary than any of the others. It is
not singular in being founded upon a forgery, but
the decree of the district court was obtained by a
fraud more gross than the original fabrication of the
title, and the object of the claimants was very near
being consummated by an imposture on the Supreme
Court more atrocious than either."
Not less emphatic was the condemnation
pronounced upon it by Attorney General Stan-
ton, who, before his appointment, had been
sent to California to protect the Government
against land frauds. In his treatment of this
claim he exhibited the same immortal hatred
of fraud, the same lofty indignation which in
his subsequent career as our great War Min-
ister he poured out upon the thieves and vil-
lains who attempted to prey on the Treasury.
His successor, Attorney General Bates, waged
also an uncompromising warfare against
the claim. In an official letter of his, bearing
date June 1, 1863, and addressed to Judge
Haight, he urges that the Gomez case be ad-
mitted to review. I will quote a sentence from
his letter, found in Senate Executive Docu-
ment No. 48 of the Fortieth Congress, third
session, page 16, which disposes of much that
has been said, to the effect that if we refuse
this land to McGarrahan it goes to other par-
ties. Mr. Bates says:
_ " As to the interestof the United States in the land;
it surely has an interest to see and know that every
claimant of public land has afair and honest found-
ation of claim, and that the facts on which it is
founded are proven by legal and competent testi-
mony. YV e know of no claimant but Gomez, (and
volunteers under him.) and if his title fail, theuthe
land belongs absolutely to the United States. That
surely is an interest. And if there be squatters on
the land, claiming preemption, they have no possi-
bility of title but by purchase from the Govern-
ment; and that surely- is an interest in the United
States."
And finally, among the last official acts of
Attorney General Hoar, was his statement that
there was nothing pending in this case to pre-
vent the Secretary of the Interior from treating
this land as the property of the United States.
During the thirteen years which have elapsed
since this claim was first heard of by the ex-
ecutive department of the Government no
word has ever been uttered by an Attorney •
General giving it the least countenance or sup-
port. In one Department only has it received
a different treatment. Two Secretaries of the
Interior, Smith and Usher, in a timid and
hesitating way, showed some disposition to
favor the issuance of a patent; but in every
instance when these two officers gave indica-
tion of such a purpose, they were restrained
by the Chief Executive from disgracing the
Government.
This brings me, Mr. Speaker, to an event in
the history of this case, which I refer to with
that pride and satisfaction which a mail is per-
mitted to feel in the honor and good name of
his friend. It was a part of the good fortune
of the country that when the last infamous
attempt was made by this claimant to force
upon the executive department of the Gov-
ernment a sanction of their fraud there was
at the head of the Interior Department a man
of rare intelligence whose integrity was incor-
rupt and incorruptible. I need not say that
I refer to the late Secretary of tbe Iuterior,
Jacob D. Cox.
I have known him for many years in the vari-
ous relations of private and public life; as a
member of the senate of his own State; as a
brave and accomplished general in the volun-
teer army of the Uniou; as tbe Governor of
Ohio; and as an honored and trusted mem-
ber of tbe Cabinet of President Grant. In
all these positions he has discharged his duty
with distinguished ability and with the utmost
fidelity; aud I here put on record my belief
that when his public career shall have been
submitted to the searching scrutiny of the his-
torian and to the deliberate judgment of his
fellow-citizens no part of it will do more honor
to his manhood than his treatment of this Mc-
Garrahan swindle, from the beginning to the
end of its course in his Department. And I say
this in fall view of all the criticisms which the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
and my distinguished colleague from Ohio [Mr.
BisghaM] have made upon hiscouduct; audi
shall notice these criticisms before the conclu-
sion of my remarks. For the moment I must
pursue the later history of this claim.
Foiled in all his attempts to secure a grant
from tbe Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment, overwhelmed with confusion by the
just denunciation of all the law officers of the
President, unable to look justice in the face
in any court, his claim having been pronounced
false and fraudulent by the highest judicial
tribunal of the land, he at last drifted into the
congressional harbor to refit his shattered
ship and try again the chances of the sea.
When he came here he came not alone, but
armed by the strength of a joint stock com-
pany, with a capital of $10,000,000! With his
shares of stock issued and ready for use he
hopes to obtain here what justice and honesty
have everywhere refused him.
For reasons which I do not understand the
