18
v
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 5,
Ho. of Reps.
Paraguayan Investigation—Mr. Orth.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
and proportion thereof capable of cultivation, the
climate and health of the country, its bays, harbors,
and rivers; its general meteorological character, and
the existence and frequency of remarkable meteor-
ological phenomena.
5. The debt of the Government and its obliga-
tions, whether funded and ascertained and admitted,
or unadjusted and under discussion.
6. Treaties or engagements with other Powers.
7. Extent of boundaries and territory; what pro-
portion is covered by grants or concessions, and
generally what concessions or franchises have been
granted.
8. The terms and conditions on which the Domin-
ican Government may desire to be annexed to and
become part of the United States as one of the Terri-
tories thereof.
9. Such other information with respect to the said
Government or its territories as to the said commis-
sioners shall seem desirable or important with refer-
ence to the future incorporation of the said Domin-
ican republic into theUnited States a3 one of its Ter-
ritories.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the said
commissionersshall, as soon as conveniently may be,
report to the President of the United States, who
shall lay their report before Congress.
SEC. 3. And be it further resolved, That the said
commissioners shall serve without compensation ex-
cept the paymentof expense and the compensation
of the secretary shall he determined by the Secre-
tary of State, with the approval of the President.
The proposed line of inquiry is broad and
comprehensive. It will fully and fairly place
the facts before Congress and the nation, and
afford a safe basis for future action for or against
the proposed measure. The recommendation
of the President is at least entitled to the atten-
tive consideration of Congress. And whatever
views we may entertain, it is hardly the part of
wisdom or prudence to close the door against
inquiry and official information. The report
provided for by this resolution would doubtless
relieve the question of the annexation of San
Domingo of many of its difficulties, form a cor-
rect public opinion, and enable Congress to
take such final action as the best interest of the
country may require.
The acquisition of territory contiguous to our
borders and tending to strengthen and perpetu-
ate our material supremacy is no new policy.
It is the judicious application of the Monroe
doctrine, and is sanctioned by the practice of
the Government for the last seventy years.
Louisiana, Florida, Texas, New Mexico, Cal-
ifornia, and Alaska have successively been
added to the territory of the Republic; and at
this day but few will question the wisdom or
statesmanship of the principle, or seriously
question its application to the islands lying
contiguous to our coast, and of equal if not
greater importance.
If the people of San Domingo are desirous
of annexation upon fair and reasonable terms,
and if no causes exist rendering annexation
unjust or inexpedient, then there are cogent
reasons in favor of the measure which may
control my actions.
1. It will furnish the people of that repub-
lic with what they greatly need and desire, a
good and stable Government, and secure their
future tranquillity and happiness.
2. It will greatly promote the industrial and
commercial interests of the United States.
3. It will give us the control of the entrance
of the Caribbean sea, the great channel of com-
merce, the bay of Samana, and a safe and
commodious harbor.
4. In case of a foreign war it will give us a
commanding position in the West Indies, and
prevent an enemy from destroying our com-
merce and operating against the mainland.
5. It will extend the limits of our Repub-
lican institutions, and prevent the interference
of European Powers in the affairs of this con-
tinent.
But, sir, the question of the annexation of
Dominica is not before the House. When it
arises it will be time to discuss its merits. The
resolution only provides for obtaining inform-
ation necessary and material for its future con-
sideration.
Paraguayan Investigation.
SPEECH OP HON. G. S. ORTH,
of indiana, •
In the House or Representatives,
January 5, 1871.
The House having under consideration the report
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs upon the memo-
rial of Porter C. Bliss and George F. Masterman in
relation to their imprisonment in Paraguay by the
president of that republic, and subsequently on the
United States gun-boat Wasp and theflag-ship Guer-
riere, of the South Atlantic squadron, by United
States officers—
Mr. ORTH said:
Mr. Speaker : The resolutions now pending
before the House for its consideration embrace
the entire subject in all its phases, relative
to the unfortunate transactions growing out of
the conduct of high officials in the naval and
diplomatic service of the Government, and
knownasthe "troublesin Paraguay." In dis-
charging the duty assigned to me by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs I shall endeavor,
very briefly and succinctly, to state the prom-
inent facts which have been evolved by our
investigations, and the reasons for the conclu-
sions we have submitted to the House.
It appears by the report submitted during
the last session of this Congress that Mr. Wash-
burn was appointed minister resident to Para-
guay in June, 1861; that he proceeded to his
post of destination, and remained there until
January, 1865, when, with the consent of his
Government, he returned home upon a short
leave of absence; that in September of the
same year he again left the United States for
the purpose of proceeding to Paraguay. In
the mean time a war had broken out between
Paraguay on the one part and the "allies,"
being the Governments of Brazil, Uruguay,
and the Argentine Confederation, on the other
side; and one of the results of that war was
the blockade of the Plata river, thus pre-
venting the return of Mr. Washburn to Asun-
cion, the capital of Paraguay.- He learned this
fact on his arrival at Rio, in October, 1865, and
immediately applied to Admiral Godon, then
commanding the South Atlantic squadron, for
some means to convey him to the Government
to which he had been accredited. It appears
in this investigation that the South Atlantic
squadron consisted then of six vessels; first, the
Susquehanna; secondly, the Juniata; thirdly,
the Shawmut; fourthly, the Nipsic; fifthly, the
Wasp, and sixthly, the Shamokin.
It is a fact well known that we were then at
peace with the whole world; that this large and
expensive squadron, sailing in the waters of the
South Atlantic, was underno immediate or press-
ing orders which should prevent the admiral
from extending the relief to Minister Washburn
which he asked at his hands; and he, Mr. Wash-
burn, presumed, as every fair-minded man in
this House must presume, that a request so
reasonable, so just, and so proper, a request
preferred by a minister of the United States to
an admiral of the Navy, that he should furnish
him means of conveyance by which he could
reach his post, would not be refused, but would,
on the contrary, be afforded with alacrity and
cheerfulness. Not so, however, did the admiral
act under these circumstances; and however
reluctant the members of this House may be
to believe that an American admiral would so
conduct himself as to bring disrepute upon his
Government, yet the evidence fully discloses
the fact that Admiral Godon not only refused
this reasonable request, but based his refusal
upon excuses which to our committee seemed
alike unreasonable and frivolous.
Those excuses were, first, that he had no
suitable vesael in which to convey the minister;
secondly, that he had no fuel; thirdly, the
unhealthiness of the season ; and fourthly, the
blockade of the river Plata by the allies.
I have no feeling, Mr. Speaker, personally
in this matter, except that which I believe
every American citizen will have when he sees
that the honor and dignity of his Government
is at stake, and when he believes that one
holding high official position has been derelict
in the duty which he owes to his country. In
the discussion of the question arising upon the
facts which we have submitted in our reoort
I shall endeavor to speak fairly and candidly,
and at the same time, I trust, fearlessly.
Let us examine the excuses of the admiral.
In the first place he alleged that he had no
vessel among the six national vessels compos-
ing his squadron suitable to convey the minis-
ter to Asuncion. That is disproved by the
admiral's own act; because after having un-
necessarily delayed the minister on that pre-
tense he afterward sent him up to Asuncion in
one of the six vessels I have named.
The second excuse which he makes is equal-
ly frivolous ; that is, a want of fuel, an insuffi-
ciency of coal to propel one of the steamers of
his squadron from Rio Janeiro to Asuncion,
in Paraguay. The testimony, Mr. Speaker, is
full and conclusive upon this subject of fuel.
In the first place, from the testimony of the
admiral it appears that during the time that
Minister Washburn was desiring his assistance
he made an excursion to St. Catharines, which
consumed more coal than would have taken
the minister to his post. That excursion was
made, the admiral says, not by virtue of any
express orders of the Navy Department, or by
virtue of any public necessity, but it was made
to place himself beyond the reach of a brother
naval officer, then shortly expected at Rio, to
come in contact with whom would have been
disagreeable to both.
In the second place, soon afterward, and
while Mr. Washburn was urging relief at
his hands, the admiral made a private and
personal visit, with part of his squadron, to
Urquiza, former president of the Argentine
Republic, but then a private citizen, in which
"pleasure excursion" of the admiral more
coal was consumed by him than would have
been necessary to convey our minister to Asun
cion. And this House will perceive by refer-
ence to the testimony that this visit was made
against the protest of the American ministet
to the Argentine Republic, which protest was
founded upon good and sufficient reasons, but
which the admiral, in his known contempt for
officers in the diplomatic service of the Gov-
ernment, totally disregarded.
In the third place, Mr. Speaker, it appears
from the testimony of several of the captains
of the Navy who were attached to this squad-
ron, and also from the testimony of Admiral
Godon, that he could if so disposed have pro-
vided himself with a sufficiency of coal at Mon-
tevideo, or at Corrientes and Rosario, ports
on the La Plata river, and known as coaling
stations for steam vessels. It appears further-
more, to the discomfiture of Admiral Godon,
that an American citizen, resident in Monte-
video, a merchant of high standing, Mr. Sam-
uel B. Hale, who heard of the misunderstand-
ing between the admiral and the minister, and
the disrepute it was likely to bring upon our
Government, generously offered on his private
account to furnish the necessary fuel, and thus
end a controversy which was attracting public
notice and comment not by any means com-
plimentary to our Government. The offer was
declined by the admiral, but the committee
fail to find that this humiliating rebuke to the
admiral caused any change in his conduct.
As to the excuse of "sickly season," the
testimony of Minister Kirk shows this to be
a shallow pretense.
Finding that the reasons assigned for his
