1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
How great? Was it equal? No; some had
little or nothing to leave; others left an abun-
dance, and when they returned their abundance
was gone. Now, if you would make things
equal, you must restore to those soldiers the
loss which they sustained. The Senate cannot
for a momeiitthink of doing such a thing. You
cannot adopt any system which will equalize
the losses under such circumstances. But this
might be claimed with as much propriety as
the claim presented in this bill.
I think the Senator from Ohio has stated the
'precise point of equity and justice. Some
States presented their accounts for settlement
under the act of 1861 earlier than others; they
were adjusted by the proper officers of the
Treasury Department earlier, and they received
their pay earlier. Some States may not yet
have received their entire pay. Those who
received their pay first—and the State which I
represent was one of the first three—lost but
little interest in comparison with those the
adjustment of whose accounts was delayed.
Now, it would be right, it seems to me, to allow
a State to receive interest from the time pay-
ment was made by it up to the time it is reim-
bursed by thjj Government. That, it appears
to me, would be just and equitable. It has not
been paid, because the Government, in my
judgment, assumes a false position upon that
question. The claim is that no interest can
be recovered from the Government because
the Government is able to pay, and always
ready to pay, all just demands upon it. That
is not the actual position which the Gov-
ernment occupies. It is not always ready nor
always willing to pay, and payment of money
justly due to its creditors is delayed sometimes
reasonably and rightly, and sometimes unrea-
sonably ; but in neither case does the Govern-
ment pay interest. I think justice demands
that when the States have claims like these
the General Government should pay interest
on them, and if the bill were in such a shape
that I could offer.an amendment I should move
to strike out all after the enacting clause, and
insert an amendment which I will ask the Clerk
to read for information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That any State or States which, during the recent
rebellion paid money to purchase supplies anil for
other expenses incurred in l aiding, equipping, fur-
nishing, and tiansporting troops tor the service of the
United States, shall be paid, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, interest at the
i ate of six per cent, per annum on all sums allowed
in the accounts of the several States by the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Department., from
the time such payments were made by the States to
the time they wore or maybe reimbursed by the
■United States. And such payments shall be made
under the same rules and regulations as govern the
Department in adjusting and paying other claims
for the purpose above named.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. If it is in order, I
will move that this amendment accompany
the bill to the committee to whom it shall be
referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
move to amend the motion to refer by adding
instructions to report any provision he seesrit.
Does the Senator from Connecticut move to
amend the motion to refer by adding the
instructions just read by the Secretary ?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not care about
instructing the committee. I only want to get
that preposition before the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. Let it go with the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair now
understands the Senator. He submits this
amendment to go to the committee with the
bill, if it shall be referred.  
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the proposition of the
honorable Senator from Connecticut eminently
proper, just, and expedient. I do not think
there is any safe rule upon which Congress can
reimburse the States either for bonds or money
or supplies furnished during the war except
the cash value at the time of the supply, with
interest from that date until payment. I
understand that that is the substance of the
proposition of the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut. I think it an eminently just one. It
is practicable, it is simple, and I think it will
be generally accepted. I do not think the
United States can reimburse a State that gave
such aid to the General Government accord-
ing to the mode proposed by the Senator from
Indiana. It would be an unsafe rule. I hope
the Senator from Indiana will accept the prop-
osition of the Senator from Connecticut, and
take the amount advanced by the State of
Indiana at the time of the advance, with inter-
est from that time until paid.
Mr. COKBETT. I think that this is a very
important matter. It embraces a very large
amount of money. I like the proposition of
the Senator from Connecticut, and I think it
is nearer the point of a bill that we should sup-
port. I think we should have proper consider-
ation, and see that a proper basis is established,
after examination as to the amount of money
embraced. If we pass this bill without such
an examination by the Finance Committee we
shall place ourselves iu a position that I am
afraid we shall be sorry for. I think that this
bill should go to the Committee on Finance,
and it should be fully investigated. I shall
support the motion to refer it to the Commit-
tee on Finance; and I hope they will be
instructed to report at an early day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, to
refer the bill to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORTON. If I could see any advan-
tage to be gained by the reference of this bill to
the Committee on Finance, 1 would not object,
for I believe the members of that committee
will take speedy action. But what advantage is
to be gained? What are the reasons presented
by the chairman of that committee, the Sena-
tor from Ohio? He says that there is here no
certain rule under which this interest or this
discount can be computed or the amount ot
discount fixed. Is there any difficulty about
that? As to the amount of interest, if it shall
be determined that it shall not exceed six per
cent., there can certaiuly be no difliculty.
But now as to the discount, and I desire the
attention of the Senator from Ohio, what is
the difficulty about the officers of the Treasury
Department ascertaining the discount? It is
a matter of evidence, to be shown by the records
of each State. In my own State the official
records in the office of the auditor of the State
of Indiana show what every bond was sold for.
That record was made nine years ago. The
truth of it cannot be doubted. It was not made
for the purpose of being presented to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury as proof there, but it is
the simple record of the transaction. And I
undertake to say that, so far as the bonds of
any State are concerned, the official records
ot that State will show what each bond was
sold for, and there will be no difficulty in
determining the amount ot the discount.
Now, what rules do you want ? What regu-
lations are required? Upon this point I will
call the attention of the Senate to the act that
has already been passed. I refer to the act
which I quoted before, providing for the settle-
ment with Pennsylvania, to which I invite the
attention of the Senator from Ohio:
"That the proper accounting officers of theTroas-
ury Department be, and they are hereby, authorized
and directed to liquidate and settle the claun ot the
State of Pennsylvania against the I'nited .Mates tor
interest upon loans or moneys borrowed and actually
expended by her for the use and benefit ot the Uni-
ted States during the late war with Great Britain.
I have simply followed the act in regard to
the State of Pennsylvania. Is it not definite
enough ? How can we make it more definite ?
It is Tike any other case where the Secretary
of the Treasury is to make a settlement with
a State or individual: the State or the indi-
vidual has got to produce the evidence as a
matter of course. But in a case of this kind
there is no complication about the eviuencc ;
there cannot be complication about the evi-
dence. Now, I will refer to another statute ;
it is that allowing interest to the State of Ala-
bama :
" Be it enacted, &c„ that the Secretary of War be,
and is hereby, dircctcd to pay interest upon the ad-
vances made by the State of Alabama for the use of
the United States (5-ovemment in the suppression of
hostilities by the Creek Indians, in 1836 and 1S37, at
the rate of six percent, per annum from the < inie of
the advances until the principal sum was paid by the
United States to the Stu-te of Alabama,; and the sum
so found to be duo t,o said State shall bo paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated."
And then it goes on to say—-and I call the
attention of the Senator from Connecticut to
this provision ; and it was with a view to the
past action of Congress that" I drew the bill,
only making reimbursement for interest upon
moneys that the States had borrowed—
"That, in ascertaining the amount of interest^ as
aforesaid due to the State of Alabama, the following
rules shall govern : that interest shall not be com-
puted on any sum winch Alabama has not expended
for the use and benefit of the United States, as evi-
denced by the amount refunded or repaid to the
State of Alabama by the United States."
That is the precise rule I have adopted,
though not iu that language.
"Second, that no interest shall be paid on any sum
on which the said State of Alabama did not either
pay or lose interest as aforesaid."
This condition is that the State shall not
receive interest upon any moneys on which
she did not pay interest or lose interest. What
is meant by losing interest? I understand that
it refers to moneys that the State borrows from
a fund of her own. I understand that in the
case of New Jersey the State borrowed the
money from the school fund. There interest
was lost; that is to say, the State had to make
up the interest to the school fund; it was not
money borrowed from strangers or from third
parties. I believe there was a small amount
borrowed by Indiana in that way during the
first year of the war, borrowed from the school
fund of our own State.
In other statutes the interest reimbursed is
confined to interest on money borrowed; in
other words, the purpose was to pay back to
the State what she had paid out, to make her
whole. Now, as a matter of justice in the
case put by the Senator from Ohio, I do not
very well see why, i f aState raised the money
by taxation, or had a surplus in her own
treasury and advanced that, she should not
get interest on it, but 1 believe that has not
been done.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to suggest
that that wou 14 be a case where she was losing
interest beyond sill question.
Mr. MORTON. That is not the case that
is put in the statute, because if it meant that
kind of a case there was no necessity for speak-
ing of borrowed money at all in the statute.
The verv reference to money borrowed, or to
money that the State had lost interest on. pre-
supposes, I think, that if the money was raised
by taxation interest would not be paid upon
it. I think that is the meaning. But, as a
matter ot'justice, I would be willing, if the Sen-
ate so determined,that interest, should be paid
upon moneys advanced by the States which
were raised by taxation. I think it would
be within the principle of justice; but I did
not desire to make this bill that broad, and I
drew it on a narrower basis. If the Senate
see proper to make the amendment suggested
by the Senator from Connecticut I shall make
i no objection to it.
Now, so far as the necessity of consulting
with the Secretary of the Treasury or with the
accounting officers is concerned, I say there is
no necessity for it. Thero is just as full pro-
vision in this bill for the settlement ot these
accounts as there is in any of the bills that
have passed Congress. The States are to go
with such evidence as they have to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and satisfy him of the
amount of interest they have paid, and then
the States are to be reimbursed for vt; or, m
the case of discount, the State must go wuh
her evidence of the discount suffered and show
that to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the
