1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Paraguayan Investigation—Mr. Orth.
Ho. OP PiEPS.
refusal to aid Mr. Washburn were rather shal-
low and untenable, he sought refuge behind
the fourth and last, namely, "the blockade of
the allies." Here he felt that he occupied an
impregnable position, and in his testimony
before the committee, the admiral gravely tells
ua that he could not force the blockade, because
"that would be an act of war," and although
this was "an unfriendly act on the part of the
allies," yet "he must respect it," &e.; and
yet it appears that a few months afterward, on
his own responsibility, he actually forced the
blockade by sending Washburn to Asuncion,
and thus far the act has not provoked war or
the semblance of war between this Government
and the allies.
But, Mr. Speaker, this excuse of the admi-
ral is as frivolous as those which preceded it.
A man fit to be intrusted with the important
command of a squadron, far from his own
Government, and in cases where he must in
many instances act upon his own judgment,
should be somewhat better informed than he
seems to have been as to the rights of his Gov-
ernment, under the circumstances upon which
he was called to act. What were those cir-
cumstances ? Our Government desired to send
its accredited minister to Paraguay. To do so
the minister must pass over the territory of
the " allies," then engaged in war with Para-
guay. Our Government occupied the position
of a neutral between the contending parties to
that. war. It had its representatives at the
Courts of those Governments, and was on
terms of peace and amity with them. These
are the facts, and upon them our rights are
predicated; and one of these rights, not denied
or even doubted by any writer on international
law, was the right of " innocent passage " of
our minister over the territory of the allies
on his way to Asuncion. This clear and un-
doubted right of our Government was thus
asserted by our then Secretary of State in
various dispatches, as follows :
Department of State,
Washington, AprWlG, 186t>.
Sik: Your dispatch of the 18th of February last
has been received. I thank you for the very interest-
ing information which it gives concerning the mili-
tary situation in the war between the several allied
Powers and the republic of Paraguay.
The President is surprised to learn that you have
been hindered and delayed in the military lines of
the allies on your return to Asuncion, that delay is
inconvenient and is deemed not altogether court-
eous. The President desires to regard it as a not
unfriendly proceeding.
Should the hinderance still continue, you will ad-
dress yourself at once to the commander ot the al lied
forces and to thepresident of the Argentine Republic.
You will inform them thatyou are proeeedmgas res-
ident minister for the United States at Asuncion;
. that, you are charged with no duties that are incon-
sistent with the neutrality which the United States
has maintained in the war in which the allies are
engaged with Paraguay. You will ask them, in the
name of this Government, to give 5'ou, together with
your family and domestics, safe conduct through
their military lines. Stiould the hinderance notcease
within a reasonable time, you will then deliver a
copy of these instructions, together with a copy of
the accompanying letter of instructions from the
Secretary of the Navy to Admiral Godon, and will
proceed in such vessel, under such convoy as he shall
furnish, to the place of your destination.
I am, sir, &e„ WILMAM H. SEWARD.
Cbaeles A. Washbcrx, &c.
" On the 26th of April, 1866, Mr. Seward wrote to
Mr. Kirk as follows: •
" 'Wesincerely bope to learn that the president oi
the Argentine itepublic has neither ordered nor
approved of this hinderance to the passage ot the
diplomatic representative of the United states, so
disrespectful in itself and so entirely inconsistent
with the law of nations. You will bring the subject
to the notice of the Argentine Republic and ask an
explanation/
"On the 27th of June, 1866, Mr. Seward wrote to
Mr. Webb, our minister at Rio, as follows:
" 'Nevertheless, the sovereignty and honor of tue
United States will admit of no hesitation or delay in
the matter. Mr. Washburn is, therefore, now in-
structed to return at once to the United States if the
hinderance before alluded to shall not have ceased
through some proceedings of the Governments con-
cerned •'
"'In'the case that you shall not have put into
execution the instructions, and shall not have
received the satisfactory explanation whieh you
were instructed to ask of the Government of Brazil,
you will now demand such explanations perempto-
rily. If this shall not be given to you within six or
eight days, you will ask for your passports to return
to the United States.'
"And again, writing to Mr. Webb on the 23d Sep-
tember. 1866, Mr. Seward says:
So far from considering the question of the right
of Mr. Washburn to proceed to Ms destination as
debatable, the United States cannot consent to argue
that question.'
"Following the spirit of these dispatches, and in
maintenance of this dignified position of our Gov-
ernment, the Secretary of the Navy, on the 26th of
April, 1866, instructed Admiral Godon as follows:
"'You will therefore, in the event of a refusal on
the part of the allied authorities to permit him to
reach the Government to which he is accredited,
(which refusal, however, is not anticipated.) furnish
him with the necessary facilities for that purpose.'"
These are the views of our Government upon
this subject. They are in accordance with the
highest authority; and yet Admiral Godon, in
his studied effort to seek excuses for his most
inexcusable conduct, either ignorantly or will-
fully ignores and compromits the rights and
dignity of his Government, and vaunts him-
self upon the fact that theadmiral of the allied
squadron fully concurred with him in regard
to the sanctity of this blockade.
I will not detain the House by discussing
the sacred character which immemorial usage
among all civilized nations attaches to foreign
ministers. This is a matter well understood
by all my associates here, who so kindly give
me their attention in this discussion. But it
did not appear to be so well understood by our
astute admiral, who was ready on all occasions
to throw discredit upon the intelligence of our
ministers, and who endeavored to bring them
into contempt, not only among the officers and
crew of his own squadron, but also among the
people of Buenos Ayres and Montevideo, who
witnessed this most disreputable spectacle.
The right of a friendly and neutral Power
to pass through the blockade established by a
nation at war with another was exercised time
and again during our recent rebellion; in fact,
its existence never was doubted by any intelli-
gent mind, and it was left to Admiral Godon
to see what no one ever suspected before.
Mr. BECK. When was that excuse first
made?
Mr. ORTH. Do you mean the last excuse?
Mr. BECK. About the blockade.
Mr. ORTH. If my recollection serves me
right, that excuse was first made some time in
the spring of 1866; it was an afterthought of
Admiral Godon. I thank my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] for calling my attention
to the matter. It was an afterthought of the
admiral; for, in the first place, he told the
minister of this Government that he had no
vessel out of the six in his squadron to take
him to his destination.
Then he made an excuse in regard to his
want of fuel. And when he found not only
that fuel could be obtained, but that it was
offered as a gracious free-will offering by a
high-toned American gentleman, a merchant
in Buenos Ayres, as I have already stated, he
invented his third excuse, the un healthiness
of the country at that season of the year. But
it was soon ascertained by the admiral, what
everybody else well knew before, that that was
the most healthy season of the whole year.
And then he falls back upon the pretense of
a blockade. _ ■ r i.-
Now,here is a very serious question lot' this
House to consider: whether we will tolerate
and pass over with a sort of quasi approval,
that an admiral, representing for the time
being this Government, shall thus cede away
rights of this nation which it was his duty to
enforce instead of surrendering.
But some gentleman may m his own mind
ask this question, " Why did Admiral Godon
thus conduct himself on this occasion; why
was it that an American admiral thus exhib-
ited a state of feeling derogatory alike to
himself and his Government; why should
he have given these frivolous excuses for
the non-performance of a duty just as sacred
as the duty to point and fire his guns at an
enemy ?"
The testimony which accompanies our report
answers the question. Admiral Godon, when
in command of the South Atlantic squadron,
cruising along the ports of the South Ameri-
can republics, having charge there of a larger
number of vessels than any other Govern-
ment, by his conduct at least said that he, and
he alone, represented the great American Re- •
public ; that, so far aa our ministers were con-
cerned, they were very ordinary characters
compared with an admiral of the Navy. The
testimony shows that Admiral Godon, on more
than one occasion, spoke in reference to our
ministers in terms of theutmostcontempt, try-
ing to bring them into disrepute among the sub-
ordinate officers of his squadron, stating among
other things that those ministers were generally
"worn-out politicians," who were scut there
"to representa party and not a Government."
He went so far in the expression of that opin-
ion at one time that the officers of the mess, at
the dinner-table, when he indulged in this con-
versation, remained silent, bowing their heads
in very shame.
Now, after a delay of thirteen months, when
excuses one after another were removed, the
admiral, having been driven from his jnost
unreasonable positions, reluctantly furnished
a vessel, and Minister Washburn was enabled
to proceed to his destination, where he ought
to have been taken in forty days, instead of
thirteen months, had the admiral done" his
duty.
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, in view
of all this matter, have submitted to the House
the very mildest form of a resolution, in my
judgment altogether too mild; and when I
look at this testimony, when I see this record
of shame to our Government, as I must ac-
knowledge it to be, in the printed pages which
I hold in my hand, I must confess that the
committee has been too lenient in its recom-
mendations, and I trust this House, before
dismissing this subject, will instruct the Sec-
retary of the Navy to order a court-martial for
the investigation of these derelictions.
Here is the resolution of the committee:
Resolved, That Rear Admiral S. W. Godon, in
neglecting to aid Mr. Washburn in reaching the
Government to which he was accredited, failed to
dischnrgo his duty as commander of the South
Atlantic squadron.
A milder resolution the most ardent friends
of Admiral Godon could hardly have expected,
from the testimony exhibited to this House by
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I would
like to ask the gentleman a question. Does
not the evidence disclose the fact that when
Admiral Godon received orders from the Navy
Department, at the request of the'Secretary
of State, to send a vessel up to Asuncion with
the American minister, he, instead of proceed-
ing from Rio in the direction of Paraguay, pro-
ceeded northward five hundred miles up the
coast of Brazil, in order to occupy as ranch
time as possible before the American minister
could reach him with his request to go there?
Mr. ORTH That is undoubtedly so.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. And
! after being compelled to give an order to his
1 subordinate, Captain Crosby, to proceed with
the American minister to Asuncion, did he
not address to him a private letter, saying in
substance that it would be agreeable to hun
if he could find some excuse for not going
there? And when Captain Crosby, like a gen-
tleman and a gallant officer as he is, disre-
garding this private letter, went to his destin-
ation with the American minister, was he not,
