628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Treasury. Ia my State it can be done by sim-
ply taking a transcript from the books in the
office of the auditor of the State, which show
what every bond was sold for.
Now, Mr. President, I will say to my friend
from Connecticut that I think his argument
this morning has not been distinguished by
the broad equity which generally character-
izes his yiews. He talks with pride, as well
he may, that the bonds of Connecticut sold for
four per cent, and afterward for twelve per
cent, premium, and he speaks of the States
of the West that for some cause, he says, were
compelled to sell their bonds at less than par.
What was that cause ? Because they were
new States having.more people than they had
money ; some of them had had their linancial
difficulties in the past, but were getting along
as well as was possible; and they are not to
be treated unjustly by the older States, where
money has been accumulating for centuries
and men have 11'ot. We furnished men, we fur-
nished troops according to our number,", not
according to our wealth ; aud X will ask my
distinguished friend from Connecticut if it was
not more difficult for Indiana to furnish troops
according to her population 'than it was for
Connecticut to furnish according to her popu-
lation, when she had far more wealth than
we bad ; when there was not that aggregate
or individual wealth in the State of Indiana
that there was in the State of Connecticut?
There money and wealth had been increasing
for many years, but ours was comparatively a
new State; and yet I am proud to say, and
t.he records will show it, that Indiana, with all
the difficulties she encountered during the war,
furnished as many troops, according to her
population, as any State in this Union. Imake
110 exception whatever. I might say a few
more, but I am not inclined to boast.
Mr. President, I submit this statement once
more to the Senate, and I submit that the
argument has not been answered and cannot
be; it ia not a question of equality of taxation,
but it is a question of carrying out an implied
contract. I ask the Senator from Connecticut
would tho case have been any stronger if the
requisition, which was made in the State of
Indiana, for example, had been, " You are
hereby invited to go into the market and sell
y ur bonds to raise money to pay and equip
these troops ?'' If those words had been actually
incorporated ia the call, would they make the
case any stronger than it is? Isnbmit, not. The
facts surrounding the States and the General
Government make it just as strong as if these
words had been put into the call. We were
all invited, invited by the Government, by an
overwhelming necessity, to go into the market
with our bonds, to sell them for what we could,
and advance the proceeds to the Government;
and ll those very words had been incorporated
in the call, and we had been requested to issue
our bonds and send them to New York for
sale, it could not have made the case one whit
stronger. It is aquestion of contract—contract
implied by overwhelming circumstances, the
forco of which was not to be resisted ; and the
argument of my friend, as 1 before remarked,
is not characterized by that broad equity which
generally distinguishes his views. It i3 not
whether Connecticut should be taxed to pay
tho discount suffered on the sale of bonds of
other States, but the question is whether the
Government of the United States shall carry
out its implied contract, its implied agreement,
an agreement implied from facts that stand
recorded on the page of history.
Therefore. Mr. President, I hope this bill
will not be referred to the Committee on
Finance. What can they do? The Senate
now lias the question of striking out the dis-
count clause before it. If it is the judgment
of the Senate that the Government shall not
reimburse the discount, that can be settled
here in five minutes. So far as making specific
provision as to the mode of settlement or lay-
ing down general rules is concerned, there is
no necessity for that. There can be none laid
down. The Government has those rules under
which it has paid every State heretofore that
made advances during all the wars that have
go#e before. It is not a new thing. It has
been done time and time again ; and only last
session we passed a bill allowing Massachu-
setts on an old claim nearly seven hundred
thousand dollars, and there were no rules laid
down for the adjudication of it; none were
required. I will say right here that there was
some dispute about the facts in the case of
Massachusetts. It was an old claim; it was
said to be stale ; and I refer to that simply to
show the importance of adjudicating these
claims before they become old and stale, and
before the facts have passed away from the
memories of men, and are left in doubt and
obscurity. These accounts ought to be speed-
ily adjusted.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, I have
no apology to make for what I have said. I
am aware that my views are somewhat limited ;
but in my limited views I do not intend to Cast
any reflection upon any State that has doneso
well as have all the western States. 1 dissent
entirely, however, from the position which the
Senator from Indiana takes with regard to the
ability of the eastern States in comparison with
the ability of the West. Tho call which the
Government made was for men, for service,
for service from able-bodied men between the
ages of eighteen and forty-five. You may go
all through Connecticut, and you will find in
every farming section one half or three fourths
of those men removed into Indiana and other
western States ; and when you call upon Con-
necticut for a proportion of her population to
serve in the Army you lay a heavier burden
upon her for service than you lay upon the
more youthful States of the West.
The Senator from Indiana speaks of the man-
ner in which the States ought to charge inter-
est ; and he says that they ought to charge and
the Government ought to respond to whatever
discount the States suffered for the purpose of
furnishing supplies for their troops. I have
had experience in a very limited way as a mer-
chant ; I have had accounts presented against
me, which I have been called to adjust, where
interest has been charged, and I have never yet
had one presented where a man charged me
with interest before the time that he charged me
with the money. The proposition here is to
secure interest, if possible, from the time the
States negotiated the bonds until the time tho
binds shall be liquidated. Now, the true rule
of mercantile life is to charge interest from the
time you pay your money, and let the interest
stop when your money is paid back. That is a
principle of justice and equity ; and anything
more than that comes short of it. It would
not be right for anyState, it appears to me, to
charge interest from a timo previous to the
time at which it made payment. If right it is
in violation of the practice of merchants from
one end of this country to the other.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, with nearly
if not quite half the Senate absent, I hope
that final action will not be taken upon a bill
likely, as this is, to be quoted as precedent
hereafter, and involving unquestionably a very
large sum of money, the amount of which no-
body is prepared to state. I shall vote, there-
fore, for the motion made by the Senator from
Ohio to refer this hill to the appropriate com-
mittee for examination ; and I agree entirely,
as far as I have had the opportunity to reflect,
in the proposition submitted by the honorable
Senator from Connecticut. I arose, however,
particularly for the purpose of asking the atten-
tion of the Senator from Indiana to a fault
which I think is to befound with his statement
of the case, and also to what I conceive to be
a complete answer to it.
The Senator, supposing a case between indi-
viduals, asks what if one shall go to another,
appealing to him to raise money to save him
from ruin, knowing that ho ha's not got it,
knowing the inconvenience and loss to which
he will subject himself in acquiring it; what, in
such a case, is the rale of equity ? Let me ask
the honorable Senator to remember who are
the parties to this transaction of which he is
speaking.
In the first place, who are the States? Are
they strangers? Are they friends? Are they
commercial allies, merely, to whom the Gov-
ernment of the United States might appeal as
to a friendly nation? No, sir; they are Ban-
ners in this firm. They are more than that;
they are members of the family ; they are the'
Government; they are the nationality; they
are the component parts of the nation itself.
Was it, then, the case of my inviting you, sir,
as my neighbor or my friend, to volunteer to
impair and itivolve your fortune for the sake .
of retrieving me? Oh, no, sir. It was the
case where your house and my house were on
fire; and the question was not what I should
do more than what you should do, but what
should both do in a common preservation.
That was it. Therefore the Government of
the United States—that existence, that sym-
bol, that medium of communication, that
mode of transmitting intelligence and trans-
acting business known as the Government of
the United States—acquainted the various
members of this national family with the dan-
ger which was upon them ; and then, per cap-
ita, says the Senator, the young men and the
old men of the nation, and every soal in the
Republic was called upon to contribute each
his or her aliquot part of the required mainte-
nance.
Now, I will not go into the question of hard-
ship between the East and the West, between
places where the population is largely composed
in its proportion of minors and of women ; and
by "minors" I mean not "miners" in the
western sense of my friend who is looking at.
me, [Mr. Nye,] but those under age. I say I
will not institute a comparison between those
places and tbe regions of the West which have
half unpeopled the eastern States as to the
bone and sinew of communities, although I
think there is great justice in the comment
made upon that by the Senator from Connec-
ticut. Suffice it, however, to say, that every
community was called upon, in precise propor-
tion, to do this thing; not an optional thing,
not an act of grace, noi a work of supereroga-
tion, not a thing to be done out of the abun-
dance of generosity or benev®lence or chival-
ric feeling for a friend, but to be done under
the first law of nature, the law of self-preaer-
vation, to maintain what? The truth that this
nationality had a right to be. That was it.
Was it not as important to one State as to
another? Some Senator said his neighbors
marched five thousand miles. Yes, sir; but
they returned, when they did- return, to homes
as dear to them as is my home to me or as is
the home of the honorable Senator to him.
We were all alike in this regard. Therefore
I say, in criticism upon his statement of the
case, preserving his analogy, that these indi-
viduals whom he has been supposing are mem-
bers of the same firm, embarked in and indis-
solubly connected with the fate of the same
adventure; the ruin which impends is the ruin
of all if it shall be the ruin of one.
Now, Mr. President, taking that ground of
individuals, tell me what would be the equity?
Reduce it to the- sordid illustration of a com-
mercial partnership; and if you, Mr. President,
and the Senator from Indiana and myself are
engaged as members of a firm in an enteipiise.
only such, is it true, as the Senator from Indi-
ana argues, is it true, when tried by the enlight-
ened judgment of mankind, particularly as
tried by commercial usages, that all three of
us being compelled to advance so much of
capital to the firm, the firm is to be charged
| afterward, not as the Senator from Connecti-
j cut well said it should be; with interest upon
the money the moment it was paid, to stop
I the moment it was refunded—is it true that the
