m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL TOXftE.
[January 6,
Ho. op Heps.
Paraguayan Investigation—Mr. Orth.
41st Cong....3d Sess,,
after his Return, persecuted and driven out of
the squadron by Admiral Godon?
Mr ORTH. That appears verv fullv from
the testimony of Captain Crosby; and one rea-
son why I have not alluded to it is because it is
impossible, in the short space of time allotted
to me, to refer to anything more than the most
prominent features of this case, to show this
House that when the Committee on Foreign
Affairs ask the adoption of so simple a resolu-
tion, one merely of disapproval, the House is
fully and thoroughly justified by the testimony
in the vote we ask at its hands.
The next resolution is one to which, as I
understand, my friend from Maryland, [Mr.
Swann.] representing the minority of the com-
mittee, and, I believe himself constituting that
minority, offers no objection. It declares—
That Bliss and Masterman were members of the
personal suite of Mr. "Washburn, and were there-
fore, under the'law of nations, entitled to the pro-
tection of the officers of the United States.
Mr. Washburn returned to Asuncion in No-
vember, 1866. In the mean time, as I have
stated to the House, the war between Para-
guay and the allies had been commenced ; an
entire change had tHken place in Paraguay.
And here, by way of parenthesis, permit
me to disabuse the minds of members of this
Hou>e who before this investigation may have
rested in the innocent, belief that Paraguay was
a republic. Weusually speak of the " Republic
of Paraguay." and appropriate money to pay a
minister resident, to the " .Republic of Para-
guay." But, sir. Paraguay, as a republican
government,, hardly exists even m name. For
the last fifty years, from the days of Dr. Fratieia
down to the time when theyounger Lopez was
killed by the allies, the Government of that
country has been a pure and simple despotism,
where the word of the marshal president of
the republic has been the law of the land, there
being no legislative body, no judiciary, if we
we except the '"fiscales," who are his creatures
and do his bidding.
This has very little to do, Mr. Speaker, with
the matters under consideration, save so far
as it refers to the desolations arising from that
war. What was the effect of the despotism of
Lopez? When the war commenced with the
allies it was estimated that the population of
Paraguay was about eight hundred thousand
souls. It is estimated now, at the end of five
years of that bloody and terrible struggle, that
less than one hundred thousand people remain
in Paraguay; and of that one hundred thou-
sand five sixths are old men, women, and
children. Such lias been the desolating and
devastating effect of that war between Para-
guay and the allies. And the result of much
of that desolation is owing to the cruelty and
the blood-thirsty tyranny of President Lopez.
He put to the rack not only'his enemies, but
his own "kith and kin," murdering brothers
and brothers-in-law, whipping with the lash
his own sisters, and incarcerating the mother
who gave him birth.
I allude to these things, Mr. Speaker, for
the purpose of showing (and its applicability
■will be app'arent to the House before I close)
the character of this man, who forcibly arrested
two members of the American legation, Mr.
Bliss and Mr. Masterman, and not only impris-
oned but put them to the torture known as the
"cepo-Uruguay ana," until life itself was almost
extinct. These men were of the "personal
suite" of Mr. Washburn, the former in the
position of private secretary and translator to
the legation and the latter in the capacity of
physician. Mr. Bliss is an American citizen,
born and raised in the State of New York. He
■went to South America as tutor in the family
of James Watson Webb, minister of the United
States at Brazil in 1861. In January, 1865, he
embarked for Paraguay, and while in Asuncion
"Wa's employed by that Government to write a
history of the country from its earliest settfe-
ment down to and including the war with the
allies. Bliss declining to become the champi-on
of Lopez, in contravention to well-known facts
connected with the origin of that war, he repu-
diated the terms of his contract with him. "Be-
ing, therefore, unoccupied, he entered the'ser-
vice of the American minister as hispriv'ate sec-
retary and translator for the legation. As such
the law of nations threw around him the Sacred
character which attaches to the minister him-
self, subject only to the laws of his own country.
Mr. Masterman is a British "subject, long resi-
dent of Asuncion, and connected with the Par-
aguayan army in the character of stlrgecra. He
was imprisoned for some alleged crime, bnt
upon the intercession of Minister Washburn,
who desired his services as a physician, he was
released from prison, became a resident in
his family, and formed a part of his-personal
suite, with the knowledge and assent of the
Paraguayan Government..
In February, 1808, Mr. Washburn, accord-
ing to usage in such cases, formally notified
the Paraguayan Government that Messrs. Bliss
and Masterman were members of his legation,
and both continued to reside in his family, in
their respective Capacities, until their forcible
arrest, as detailed in the testimony.
Matters continued to progress. The condi-
tion of Paraguay became still more desperate ;
terror and alarm prevailed on every side; busi-
ness was destroyed, and all the energies and
resources of the country pressed into the pros-
ecution of the war. Lopez, always possessing
unlimited power, now used it freely to accom-
plish his purposes. As the tyrant is ever "the
slave of suspicion, he iftragi'tied himSelf sur-
rounded by personal enetnieis, and even sought
by the basest means to implicate Mr. Wush-
burn in a conspiracy for his dethronement, a
conspiracy which existed only in his diseased
imagination. Finding his residence at Asun-
cion unpleasant, if nbt hazardous, and no
longer useful to his Government, he asked
for his recall, which Was granted, and on the
10th day of September, 1868, prepared to
leave, with his family 'and'the in'embers of his
legation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I wish
to ask the gentleman from Indiana whether,
before the American minister left. Paraguay, the
charg6 d'affaires of Uruguay, Mr. Rodriguez,
had not been forced to leave the American
legation, where he bad taken .refuge, because
of an alleged corispiracy, and Whether he 'was
not imprisoned, loaded with fetters, and tor-
tured and put to death by Ldpez? I also'ask
whether Dr. Carrera8,'for!rierly'a'le'4drtig Mem-
ber of the Government of Uruguay, who had
taken refuge in the American-legation, Was not
also accused of being engage'd in corispinacy,
taken off, tortured, and afso put to death ?
Mr. ORTH. That is Very true. Andin fur-
ther reply to the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Washeurn] 1 will read for the informa-
tion of the House a portion of the testimony
of Dr. Stewart, going to show the character
of Lopez and the nature of the crimes and
atrocities which he was daily committing.
This testimony of Dr. Stewart wa:s taken by
the committee through our minister at the
Court of St. James. Dr. Stewart resided for
twelve years in Paraguay, and occupied the
position of inspector general of the hospitals
and medical adviser of the Lopez family, and
having thus full opportunity of knowing that
to which he testifies, states in %>N evidence'the
following:
"Iwas an eye-witness of the horrible atroeities
committed upon many hundreds of human beings
who were a.ecusod of conspiracy. I saw them heavily
laden with irons, and heard their cries and impiorings
to their torturers for mercy; Lopez knew all that
was ^oing on.
'".torture was almost indiscriminately applied, and
those who survived its barbarities were put to death.
No fewer than eight hundred persons, oompris-
irfrtte'tfes-aftaeafly every country in the civilized
WOrtd. were massacred during those terrible months
from Juho .to December, 1868." * * * w
"The next relative whom Lopez seized was his
own br6the"r-in-'law, Don Saturnino 13 edoya, who,
in July, '186S. \v;rs tortured to death by the cepo-
t(ru0iidy<ma—\\ pidiJe'of' torture co ■ reetly described in
t,h'e published statements of Mr. Masterman and
Mr.~151is!s.
""I-sa'w Lopez's two brothers, Venaneio and Be-
nigno, in irons, and heard, from many witnesses of
the butchery, that Benigno had been cruelly scourged
and afterward execWeu in December, 1868.
"General B irrios-attempted suicide after the im-
prisonment of his noble wife, the sister of Lopez, but
recovered, and was then laden with irons. I saw
hrm professionally before his execution, and foand
him quite insane;" ,= *■ « "and had
Mr. Washburn been thrown into prisop, as'was at one
time suggested by Mrs. Lynch and by thoiate bisnop
of Paraguay, I am convinced that h'e would h tve
been tortured and made away with like'the ofier
victims of Lopez."
And who is Mrs. Lynch?
General McMahon, recently minister to lar-
aguay, answers this question as follows:
" She is a lady of Irish parentage, of English bi *th,
and of French education. She lias lived with the
president for some fifteen years, and is recognised
an'd regarded by Lopez as the mistress of his ho. ise-
hold and the mother of his children, and is "very
much respected and ioved in Paraguay, as far au my
observation went. Lopez has no other family t mt
I'am aware of; he ha.s one son, older, who was b'u-n
beforo heknew Mrs. Lynch; but I heard of no ott er.
Mis. Lynch always presided at his table, and U ok
care of all the internal affairs of his house, educat-
ing the children, and everything of that kind."
A woman who, to the disgrace of her sej: be
it spoken, exercised an influence not only
deleterious, but wicked and cruel, to a degree
unheard of in modern history. I therefore
have no hesitation in "sa'ying to the rhembers
of this House, from the'entfre testimony, with
which I am familiar, having been connected
with this case from its inception in this House
to this date, that had Minister Washburn re-
mained at his post he, too, would have been
imprisoned and tortured to death.
Why do I entertain this belief? Mr. Wash-
burn refused to countenance Lopez in any of
the outrages in which he was engaged. To the
extent of his ability he offered an asylum to
the victims of Lopez's tyranny, endeavoring
to save Rodriguez and Carreras from unjust
persecution and punishment; and to amelior-
ate, if possible, the terrible condition in which
hundreds of innocent men were becoming in-
volved by that " era of blood " which so indel-
ibly marks this part of the history of Paraguay.
For these and other reasons Lopez sought to
throw his toils around our minister, and by
the testimony of perjured and tortured men to
implicate "and finally murder him.
When Minister YVashburn found that he was
no longer of any service to his Government:
that he could no longer, with any respect, to
himself, remain in official intercourse with this
tyrant, he asked for his passports. They wc.te
gpa,nted to himself and wife, but were refused
to Bliss and Masterman, who were a part of
his legation. The American vessel was lymg
within a few miles of Asuncion. As he wag
proceeding from the legation honsetotak'e pas-
sage upon the Wasp, one of the six vessels
forming the South Atlantic squadron, under
the command of Admiral Davis, he was sur-
rounded by the armed police of the tyrant
Lopez; and when under the protection of his
own flag, yonder glorious flag, sir, [pointing
to th'e-stars and stripes above the Speaker's
chair,.] the dignity and honor of this Govern-
ment, as represented by him and his legation,
was insulted by the forcible arrest and deten-
tion of two of its members. While he and his
wife were permitted to embark on the vessel
which brought them down to Binitio'3 Ayres,
Bliss and Masterman were placed in iroiis'and
put to the torture.
If any member of this House desirfts bo " sup
upon horrors " I advise him to read'the testi-
mony relative to their incarceration, and tire
tortures to which they were subjected. -Oite
of them was an American citizen,' entitled to
