1454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Mr BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
no other one in existence.
Mr GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
differs from the majority of his committee on
that point; but it makes no difference, not the
least in the world, whether there are others or
not. Do gentlemen say that McGarrahan had
a patent? I hold in my hand his memorial,
dated March 4, 1869, in which he says dis-
tinctly that this patent was never signed, and
therefore he wants it signed. Jf he had no
patent how can a lying record give him one?
But I will give the House not only the order
of Secretary Cox, but the letter of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office on which
the order was based. I will add also the red-
ink indorsement, which has led my colleague
[Mr. Bingham] to assail with unseeemly vio-
lence one of the most honorable citizens of
Ohio.
Here are the letters and the order:
Department op the Interior.
General Land Office, July 13,1870.
Sir: I have the honortosubmit herewith an appli-
cation, dated the 11th instant, of George W. McGill,
as attorney for William McGarrahan, for a certified
copy of the record of thePanoche Grande patent, said
patent having never been signed by the President's
secretary to sign land patents, or countersigned by
the recorder of the General Land Office, and the seal
of this office having never been affixed thereto, the
record being therefore incomplete, wanting tbe name
of the recorder or acting recorder; and respectfully
request the ruling of the Department as to whether
such copy should be furnished in view of the pro-
visions of act of July 2,1864, entitled *'An act pre-
scribing the terras on which exemplifications shall
be furnished by the General Land Office.' (Statutes,
vol. 13, p. 375.) a copy of the proposed form of cer-
tificate to be attached to the said copy, in case the
same shall be furnished, being herewith inclosed;
also the original unexecuted patent p.nd a copy of
the granting clause in the record.
I hare the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
JOS. S. WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. J. D. Oox, Secretary of the Interior,
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., July 15,1870.
Sir: I have received your letter of the 13th in-
stant, in relation to " the application, dated thellfh
instant, of George W. McGili, as attorney for Wil-
liam McGarrahan. for a certified copy of the record
of the Panoche Grande patent." You inform me
that the patent was never signed by the President's
secretary to sign land patents, or countersigned by
the recorder of the General Land Office, and that the
seal of your office was never affixed thereto. As the
record is, in your opinion, incomplete, wanting the
name of the recorder or acting recorder, you request
the ruling of the Department as to whether the copy
should be furnished, in view of the provisions of the
act of July 2,3864, entitled, "An act prescribing the
terms on which exemplifications shall be furnished by
the General Land Office." You send me the original
instrument and the proposed form of certificate to
be attached to the copy asked for, in case such copy
should be furnished.
Your statement is fully established by an inspec-
tion of the instrument, andconforms to theevidence
which the files of this Department furnish on the
subject. I perceive that, by a letter of the Acting
Secretary of the Interior, of March 13, 1863, your
office was directed to suspend the " execution and
delivery of the patent until further advised in the
case by the Secretary," No subsequent order or
direction in conflict therewith appears. The instru-
ment was never perfected in the mode required by
law, and it was, in its incomplete state, improperly
admitted to record. It cannot be considered a pat-
ent. in the legal sense of the term. A paper writing,
purporting to convey lands in fee, if never signed,
sealed, and delivered, is not a deed, nor is it effect-
ual to pass the title to the land therein described.
You informed me in our personal interview that
it had been the practice to record these inchoate
find imperfected patents, including the name of the
President's secretary, before he signed them; and
that when they were subsequently so signed the
countersigning by the-recorder of the General Land
Office was afterward affixed to the instruments, and
a corresponding change made in the record. I deem
the practice to be an objectionable one, and you will
give the requisite directions to the recorder to dis-
continue it. The instrumentshould not be recorded
until it is in all respects complete and ready for
transmission to the party who is thereunto entitled.
In every instance where record has been made of an
uiijc mipieted instrument in anticipation of the duo
execution of it, and the original is in your office
unsigned and unsealed, you will write across the
record, in red ink and in legible characters, a state-
ment of the facts attested by your signature and
countersigned by the recorder of the General Land
Office; Hadthisstateraentshould appear in thetran-
script or exemplification of the record of the instru-
ment which you deliver.
Under the circumstances of this case.Ihaveno ob-
jection to your giving the requested copy, attaching
a certificate in the form presented to me, upon the
applicant's complying in other respects with the
statute and regulations of your office. The papers
accompanying your letters are herewith returned.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. D. COX, Secretary.
Hon. Jos. S. Wilson,
Commissioner General Land Office.
[Note.—The following paragraph is written in red
ink across page 13 of the patent :]
Department of the Interior,
General Land Office, July 25,1870.
This record, from pages 312 to 321, inclusive, was
made in accordance with the custom at the time, in
anticipation of the original being submitted to the
officers whose duty it is, under the law, to sign land
patents, but an order dated March 13,1863, having
been received from the actingr Secretary of the In-
terior to "suspend the execution and delivery of the
patent under the decision of" the " Department of
the 4th" of March, 1863, "until further advised in
the case by the Secretary," theform of patent which
Jaad been prepared, and from which the aforesaid
record was made, was not submitted for signature,
and has never been dated, signed, nor delivered.
JOS. S. WILSON, Commissioner.
J. N. Granger, Recorder.
Bat my colleague [Mr. Bingham] finds more
mutilation in this record than that which was
done with red ink. A mutilating pencil has
been employed, and he sees fraud in its every
touch. This is all most fully explained in the
testimony of Lowry, the clerk who uses the
pencil. Lowry swears that when, on the 14th
of March, 1803, the acting Secretary of the
Interior ordered that the inchoate patent be
not completed nor issued, that he, (Lowry,)
finding that the recording clerk had advanced
the record beyond the condition of the patent,
drew his pencil across the parts thus pre-
maturely and improperly advanced, and wrote
with his pencil on the margin of the record
the words "not signed.'' And this is the
whole of that story. The order of Judge
Otto, acting Secretary of the Interior, was
given at the request of Attorney General
Bates, in an official letter of March 14, 1863,
informing him that the McGarrahan claim
was to be brought before the Supreme Court.
But not one word of this talk about parch-
ment and paper records is of the least possi-
ble consequence. Suppose the patent had
been signed by the President, duly sealed and
recorded, and then, in March, 1863, was deliv-
ered to McGarrahan. It could have conveyed
no title to the land until a final decree of the
court of last resort had confirmed McGarra-
han's title. Here is the law, laid down by
Chief Justice Taney, in the case of The United
States vs. Sunot, et al. (20 Howard, 264:)
"And if the appellee, after' the case is docketed
and dismissed, proceed upon the decree of the dis-
trict court and obtains a patent for the land, his
title will still be subject to the decision of this court,
if the Government shall hereafter bring up the case
within the time limited by law."
And now, Mr. Speaker, what does my col-
league [Mr. Bingham] propose? Here is his
resolution:
jResolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of (he United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he hereby
is, directed to cause the record on pages 312 to 321
inclusive, in volume four of California Land Claims,.
of the patent of a tract of land known as the " Pan-
oche Grande," as set forth therein, to be transcribed
into the records as the same stood on the record book
of thcGcneral Land Office at the time it was exam-
ined, without any mutilation or erasure whatever,
so that the legal effect of the record so transcribed
shall bo the same as if the original record had
never been interfered with or mutilated; and when
such record shall have been so made, as herein pro-
vided, it shall be marked "examined," as it was
originally marked. And the President of the United
States is hereby authorized and required to do in the
premises whatever may, in hisjudgment, be just and
equitable, without regard to any action or proceed-
ing had subsequent to the 14th day of March, 1863,
the date of the patent recorded.
That is, he will cause the record in the Land
Office, which now tells the naked truth, to be
so changed that it shall tell a falsehood. And
then he compels the President to settle the
question on the condition it was in on the 14th
of March, 1863 ; that is, he shall not take ac-
count of the utter annihilation of McGarra-
han^ claim by the Supreme Court of the
United States. The terms of the law by which
the Chorpenning claim was to have been set-
tled was clean-handed justice compared with
the settlement which the President would be
compelled to make under this resolution.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
attempts to decorate the President with his
fatal praise by intimating that he compelled
Secretary Cox to resign because of his oppo-
sition to this claim. I implore him not to put
the President in such an attitude. Ifhe could
make the American people believe that Pres-
ident Grantis fighting McGarrahan's battle, and
that tbe Secretary fell into disfavor for resist-
ing this fraud, he will have inflicted a severer
wound on this Administration than all that his
party or any enemies of the President have
ever been able to inflict, and he could confer
no nobler crown of martyrdom on J. D. Cox.
I beg him not to offer such help to the Pres-
ident. I am sure it will not be welcomed.
Non tali auxilio, non istis defensoribus.
I have but one more suggestion to make.
The gentleman from Illinois [.Mr. Cook] pro-
poses the following:
Be it resolved, <&., That the President of the Uni-
ted States shall cause the tract of land situate in the
State of California, known as the Panoche Grande,
to be surveyed and exposed to public sale in whole
or in such quantities as he may deem best for the
public interests, and that the proceeds of such sale
shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States:
Provided, That tbe rights of individual settlers, not
including corporations, on said land, under tbe home-
stead and preemption laws of the United States, shall
not be affected by the passage of this resolution.
He says he has drawn this resolution so as
to cut off any pretended rights of the New
Idria Mining Company. I know nothing of
that company or its rights. Their case has
never been lai^ before this House, and we have
no knowledge on which to base such action.
It may be that we ought to pass that very pro-
vision, but I insist that we ought to know why
before we doso. If they have any legal vested
rights they cannot be taken away by this res-
olution. If they have not, the President and
the courts will protect the Government against
any attempt at fraud by this company or any
other.
I shall therefore vote for the resolution of
the Judiciary Committee, which is the result
of six months1 careful, and, I have no doubt,
conscientious investigation. That resolution
puts an end to the greatest fraud ever recorded
in the wildest romance of rascality ; a fraud
which I am proud to say has not been defended
during this debate by any three members of the
Republican party.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will my colleague yield
to me a moment?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There never were such
misstatements as those the gentleman has
made.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot yield.
Mr. BINGHAM. Ifhe will not yield, then
let him go on with his misrepresentations.
Mr. BECK. I want the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to correct his statement.
He says this question was referred in the
Fortieth Congress to the Judiciary Committee
of the Senate, as I understand him. That is
not tbe truth. The Judiciary Committee never
saw it: it was wrongfully referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, reported by
Senator Williams, who was backed, as the
records show, by the Senators from Nevada
and California, some of whom at least hold
their places at the will of the Bank of Cali-
fornia. It is due to the House and the gen-
tleman from Ohio that he should state tbe
truth as the record shows it.
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from Ohio has expired, and the gentle-
man from Maine has only five minutes remain-
ing.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, in tlie course
of the five minutes left to me I wish to state
to the House a few positions. In tbe first
place, I advocate the amendment which i have
offered, that if the expression of sentiment pro-
posed in the resolution of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Cook] is to pass it shall be qual
