1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
firm is to bo charged, not in that way, but that
you', Mr. President, are to receive interest upon
the :rr,ney that you advanced from the time
t'cii you advanced it, that I am to receive the
same interest from the same time in the same
measure, and that then, over and beyond that,
the firm is to be liable to me for all the incon-
venience which I was put to, all the labor of
the modes that, I adopted to possess myself of
this money which I advanced to the firm ? We
all see that such a suggestion never could occur
within the philosophy or the dreams of busi-
ness transactions.
But I said that in addition to the fault I find
with the supposed relationship and personality
of these individuals whom the Senator makes
the persons in the drama, as he puts it, there
was a complete answer to his proposition. Let
me submit to him whether there is not. When
I rise here and say that the State of New York,
with one eleventh of the population of the
country, pays one third of the entire income
tax, what does the honorable Senator from
Indiana say ? He says it is all right; there is
more wealth in the Bast; there is more wealth
in New York; the East should pay in this
marvelous disproportion. Well, sir, whether
the East should or should not, tlie Bast does.
Take the State of Rhodelsland, and compare
the taxes that Rhode Island pays with the taxes
of Indiana, for example, and we see this enor-
mous disparity. The Senator from Indianasays
it should be so ; and in case of taxe3 properly
adjusted and applied I admit it: and, for the
sake of the argument here, I admit it in the
case of ail the taxes—income tax and all—
although I never mean to lose the opportunity
to say that, in my judgment, the income tax
violates both common sense and common
honesty. But concede, for the sake of the
argument, that even as to the income tax it is
all just and equitable. Very well. Do not
these younger States, abounding in men, but
without that wealth which the Senator says
is the growth of centuries, receive more than
the equivalent growing out of the inequality
between themselves and other States ? Most
certainly they do ; and accordingly we find a
State no larger than the State of Rhode Island
paying twice, thrice, and four times as much
as States of an aiea so great that Rhode Island
would be haidly a dot upon the map in com-
parison. [At this point Mr. Asthony came
into the Chamber.] That I should not have
dared to say had I seen that the senior Senator
from Rhode Island was approaching. I thought
I was enjoying the immunity of speaking inhis
abscnce, and in the absence of his colleague.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. ANTHONY. We do not reckon na-
tional greatuess by the square mile in our
State.
Mr. CONKLING. Precisely. I was arguing
that; and I thank the Senator for coming in in
time to reenl'orce me. I say to the honorable
Senator from Indiana that in paying tribute
into the national coffers those regions to which
he has referred as the wealthy ones pay for all
their wealth. I think I could show that they
do a great deal more than that; that they not
only "accept the situation," where their wealth
is to respond, but that under the adjustment of
taxation it responds in more than its just pro-
portion.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator allow
me to state just here that the congressional
district in which I live has paid into the na-
tional Treasury for internal taxes more than
four million dollars in one .year?
Mr. CONKLING. Very well, Mr. Presi-
dent; contrast it with all this ; bring it into the
dynamics of this case; introduce it among the
forces which we are discussing here; and what
does it show? That more than they lose on
the one hand they gain oil the other. And yet
we are told that interest is to be paid, which I
admit would be not an unjust principle here;
but I assert, with the Senator from Ohio and
the Senator from Connecticut, that it is to be
interest upon advances, no matter whether
obtainedby putting bonds upon the market or
by wringing from my constituents twenty-six
per cent, of their entire .substance in a single
year. I have no objection to paying interest
if it is worth while to enter upon that. My
impression is that Senators will be somewhat
astounded by results when we come to the
adjustment of an interest account between
States, based upon the sums that they have
advanced, whether paid from their treasury,
raised upon their bonds, or taken as tribute
from their people; but if we are invited to
that I do not feel, certainly, from selfish or
sectional reasons, disposed to decline the enter-
tainment. But I do wish to enter my protest
against the idea that, after accepting all the
; inequalities necessarily involved in the trans-
I action, the other members of this firm, not the
I General Government, treated as some sepa-
rate and external agency, as the Senator seems
! to treat it in his argument, but that Govern-
I ment, consisting of these very States, the mem-
bers of this same family, are to be mulcted and
punished, some of them, to pay for the misfor-
tunes of others.
This is not an application for charity; it is a
business transaction. It ia a thing to be based,
the Senator says, upon equity; and when we
come to that we have some definition of the
terms we are using; and I say that if you put
it upon the ground of equity, and take into the
account the unmistakable facts of the transac-
tion, the adjustment of interest, and that alone,
will leave a clear advantage in the case of the
newer States over the case of the older ones,
considering the money and the men both, which
they furnished, and the circumstances of all
when the call was made.
Mr. MORTON. One word in reply to the
Senator from New York. What is the drift of
his argument? That the States were equally
interested in the preservation of the Union,
and therefore they could afford to make these
sacrifices, and they have no equity in favor of
reimbursement. That was the effect of it.
He says that our house was on fire as well as
the other; we were all equally interested.
Mr. CONKLING. And all equally bound
in duty.
Mr. MORTON. And all equally bound in
duty. I want to say to my friend that he is
mistaken about one thing, and he will admit
it when he comes to reflect upon it. This
was not a war of States. It was a war of cer-
tain seceded or attempted-to-be-seceded States
against the nation. We were defending as a
nation, not as States.
Mr. CONKLING. That was just my argu-
ment.
Mr. MORTON. I thought the Senator's
argument was just the other way.
Mr. CONKLING. No. I hope the Sen-
ator will allow me a word right there. I should
not like to be put in the position of getting up
a question of States, and all that. My argu-
ment was that this was a national war ; that
all the people, no matter in what States, were
members of the nation, and that although
these calls for convenience were transmitted
by the General Government through the States,
a'man wherever residing, as I said, a man who
marched five thousand miles from Minnesota
was just as much bound and interested as the
man'who marched a less distance.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator said that; but
he spoke of these States as being equally mem-
bers of the firm; and the force of his argu-
ment was, that being thus interested there
was not that equity in favor of the proposition
that I urged. Allow me to say to him that
my house as an individual was on fire; all of
our houses were on fire as individuals^ andif
we came forward with our money as individ-
uals and loaned it to the Government, it might
be argued with equal force that we should not
have our interest npon it, because we were
interested in the preservation of the Govern-
ment. The argument would be equally good
against the national debt now in bonds, as
against the claims made by the States..
Now, Mr. President, I ask my friend from
Ohio what is the propriety in referring this bill
to the Committee on Finance ? This is a bill
concerning military expenses; expenses grow-
ing out of the war ; and it properly went to the
Committee on Military Affairs. If that com-
mittee has not done its duty, its defects can
be corrected in the Senate. I do not think it
is necessary that the bill should go to the
Committee on Finance. In my judgment, it
is not properly a bill to go to that committee.
While I have the utmost faith in the ability and
patriotism of the members of that committee,
yet it might as well, it seems to me, go to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, or the Committee
on Commerce, or the Committee on Public
Lands, as to go to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORKILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Indiana will admit that it would be well
for the Senate or any committee to know some-
thing of what we are doing—how much we are
to appropriate here—so that we shall know
after we shall have passed the bill how large
the burden is that we impose on the General
Government; and no committee is now pre-
pared to give us even that information.
Mr. CONKLING. And besides, the pend-
ing proposition is a substitute offered in tke
Senate for the whole bill reported from the
Military Committee.
Mr. MORTON. It is a substitute, but it is
just the same bill, except that it puts in dis-
count. It is in the same language with the
original bill. The original bill contained the
discount, but the clause in regard to discount
was stricken out in the Committee on Military
Affairs, and 1 propose to restore it in the Sen-
ate by offering this amendment, and that is all
there is of it. Sir, I undertake to say the bill
is just as definite as it can be made by any com-
mittee. 11 is just as definite as any bill on the
same subject that has passed heretofore. If
the Senator can refer to a bill in regard to the
Mexican war, the war of 1812, the revolution-
ary war, or any of the Indian wars, providing
for refunding principal or interest, that is more
definite than this bill, I should like him to refer
me to it. I have not found it. The bill con-
tains every element that is necessary to enable
the Government to settle with the States.
Mr. President, I heard some portion of the
argument of my friend from New York with
regret. I do not want any sectional feeling
excited here. His State pays a large propor-
tion of taxes. Itisbecauseshe has the wealth,
beeause she has the great metropolitan city,
and the great port of the United States. The
State of Rhode Island pays a large amount of
taxes because she has the accumulated wealth
of more than two centuries as an industrious
and intelligent people ; and she is justly proud
of it. But, sir, this is not a question of equal-
ity of taxation ; it is a question of contract, of
implied equity, arising under circumstances
that nobody for a moment can dispute; and
all we ask now is that it shall not be decided
by old an'd new States, but shall be decided
upon the principles of equity.
Mr. CONKLING. One word further. The
Senator says he regretted to hear me make a
sectional argument. I disclaim that I made
i any such argument. However, as he alludes
i to that subject, I say this: nothing is more
| fashionable, few things are more taking, in this
j Chamber than a sectional argument at times.
We have seen that on the occasion to which I
j have referred. It was not I who argued ela-
borately in this Chamber that it was a recom-
mendation of a tax that one third of it fell
upon a people who were only one eleventh in
number of the whole people of the Union. I
am not complaining of it at all; but the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana went elaborately
inte that argument with a tone and an emphasis
which I have not forgotten. Although not
introduced at that time by me, I thought that
it was rather a sectional argument, rather a
