1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1465
ified so as not to affect the rights of any other
persons. The Committee on the Judiciary
have never investigated whether the New Idria
Company had any rights or not. I have never
seen the papers; I have never heard the argu-
ments ; 1 do not exactly know the foundation
upon which they base them. That company
only appeared before the committee so far as
was necessary to show that McGarrahan was
not entitled to relief. The committee did
not examine their claim except so far as was
absolutely necessary to the bearing of the
question whether McGarrahan was entitled to
this property or not. I know that Mr. Evarts,
in his argument, in response to some questions
of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
kibge.] and some questions of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] entered somewhat
into a discussion of the claim of the New Idria
Company. The committee did not undertake
to settle it or hear it. My object is, that- if
they have rights they may keep them ; and if
McGarrahan has rights, he may keep them.
The effect of the amendment is as much a pro-
tection to McGarrahan, if he has rights, as to
the New Idria Company or anybody else.
Now, it is a maUer of notoriety, a matter
of history that McGarrahan actually does own
a mine within the Panoche Grande grant.
Mr. BINGHAM. I should like to ask my
friend how he owns it, if the title be not good ?
Mr. PETERS. I have not time to answer
that. It is known that McGarrahan owns un
der another title a mine covered by this grant,
and this social sentimental resolution of the
gentleman from Illinois would say that all the
territory ou<ht to be sold, that |IcGarrahan's
rights ought to be sold as well as everything
else. My resolution as much protects the one
as the other. It protects all persons in the
premises who have rights under the laws. The
New Idria claim is for four hundred and eighty
acres, while the Panoche grant contains seven
teen thousand as located. Let those who have
rights still keep them. That is all I ask.
The committee merely report that McGar-
rahan is not entitled to this grant. It does
not, however, prevent him from going to the
courts. It takes from him no rights which
the court may find him to possess. We have
expressed our opinion that he is not entitled
to relief from and through the House. If he
can get it elsewhere and through other sources,
let him obtain it.
The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
She other day, laid great stress m his argu-
ment upon the fact that it was originally de-
cided that McGarrahan had a title. As has been
stated over and over again, the Supreme Court
of the United States, in reviewing all of the
facts at a later period, with more light, unani
mously decided, on a full transcript, with every
thing before them, that he had no claim. Now,
while we differ on one side or the other here
among gentlemen, some thinking he may have a
claim and some thinking he has not, is there
not more safety, more reliance, in saying that
we will stand by the decision of the Supreme
Court? The question to-day is, shall we stand
by the decision of the Supreme Court in a-
matter of title, or shall we undertake to over-
reach them?
I come now to the resolution of the minor-
ity, submitted by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham.] I would inquire what earthly
good there is in finishing up this patent and
record of it and then not giving the patent to
McGarrahan? It is like an assassin, who
undertakes to shoot a man, and the man gets
his pistol, saying, "stop friend, give me back
tbatpistol; you have norightto my property."
[Laughter.] That is a fair illustration of the
position of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. ButleIr] who advocates restoring the
records, as it is called, and afterward refus-
ing to allow McGarrahan the benefit of the
restored records.
But, Mr. Speaker, there has been no muti-
lation—
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
has expired.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, by unanimous
consent, obtained leave to print some remarks
on the pending subject.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent,
obtained the same privilege.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to print some remarks on the
pending question, in extension of those he
had had an opportunity of delivering"during
the time alloted to him.
[The above speeches will appear in the
Appendix.]
The SPEAKER. The question is first on
the amendment of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Peters] to the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] to the
resolution reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary. The Clerk will first report the res-
olution reported by the Judiciary Committee.
•The Clerk read as follows :
Be it resolved by the House of Representatives of,
the United, btate* of America in Congress assembled
That William McGarrahan is not entitled to the
relief prayed for in his petition, and that the com-
mittee be discharged from a further consideration
of the same.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Cook] to the resolution which
has just been read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this House, there
is no sufficient evidence that either William McGar-
rahan or the New Idria Mining Company has a title,
either legal or equitable, to the land known as the
Panoche Grande, in the State of California; and
thatsuch proceedings should at once be instituted
as will recover the possession of the same and assert
the title of the United States therein.
The SPEAKER. And to this amendment
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters] pro- ;
poses the amendment which the Clerk will ;
now read.
The Clerk read as follows :
But not to interfere with the rights of settlers or
miners, or their successors, who have any rights
under the statutes of the United States.
The question being taken on Mr. Peters's
amendment, the Speaker declared that the noes
had it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the yeas and nays
on that.
Several Members. Too late.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that
the amendment of Mr. Peters was not agreed
to, and the demand for the yeas and nays
was not in time. The question is now on the
amendment of the geatlemau from Illinois
[Mr. Cook] to the report of the committee.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POTTER. I should like to hear the
amendment again reported.
The amendment was again read.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 101, nays 103, not voting
36; as follows:
YEAS-—Messrs. Allison. Ambler, Ames. Arm-
strong, Atwood, Bailey, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton,
Bethune, Blair, Booker, Buckley, Bufiinton, Bur-
chard, Benjamin F. Butler, Cessna, Churchill,
Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, jj
Cook, Crebs, Cullom. Darrall, Dawes, Degencr, \\
Dickey, Dickinson, Dox, Dyer, Ela, I'nrnsworth, if
Ferry, Finkclnburg, Fisher, GUfiUan, Haldeman, !i
Hamilton. Harris, ilawiey, Hay, Hill, Hoge, Hoi- '
man, Hotehkiss, Alexander H. jones, Thomas L. ;j
Jones,Jadd,Kelsey,Ketcham,Ivnapp, Laliin.Lash, \\
Lewis, Log.m. Lynch, Alayn&rd, MeGrew, Ehakim ;
H. Moore, Jesse H, Moore, Morgan, Daniel J. Mor- :|
rell,Samuel P.Morrill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Hal- ,,
bert E. Paiue, Peck. Phelps. Pomeroy, Porter. Pot- i;
ter, Prosser, Randall, Sawyer, Shober, John A. ji
Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, Stevens, A
Stevenson, Stiles. Stoughton, Strader, Strickland, n
Strong, Tillman, Tyner, Van Wyck, Cadvralader C. j!
Washburn. William B. Washburn, W'elker, Wells, .j
Wheeler, Whifeley, Whitmore, Wiilard, Wiliiams, i;
and John T. Wuson—101. >>
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Archer, Aspcr, Axtell,
Ayer, Barnum. Beaman, Beck, Bennett, Biggs,
Bingham, Bird, Bowen, George M. Brooks, Buck,
Bardett, Burr, Roderick R. Butler, Calkin, William
T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Conner, Corker, Cowles,
Cox, Duke, Duval, Eidridge, Ferri&s, Fitch, Fox*
Garfield, Gctz, Gibson, Haight, Hale. Hambleton 
Hawkins, Hays, Heftin, Hoar, Holmes, Hooper.
Jenckes. Johnson, Julian, Kelley, K.eilogg, "jKetTf
Lawrence, Manning, Marshall. Mayharn, Mc~
Cormtck. McCrary. MeKenzie, McNeety, Mercur,
jyulnes, William Moore, Moray, Morphia, Morris-
sey, Muneen,Myers,Negley.Niblack. O'Neill, Wil-
liam W. Paine, Palmer, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Poland,
Price, Rainey, Reeves, Rogers, Sanford, Sargent,
bchuraaker, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, 8her-
rod, Slocam, WorthiDgrton C. Smith, Starkweather,
bypher, Tanner, Townsend, Trimble, Twicheii,
Van Auken, Van Horn, Voorhees, Wallace, Wil-
kinson, Eugene M. Wilson,Winchester, Wolf,Wood,
and Young—103,
NOT VOTING--Messrs. Arnell, Banks, Barry.
Boles. Boyd, James Brooks, Cake, Cleveland, Joseph
Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Gris-
wntd, Hamill, Iogersoil, Knott, Long, Loughridge
McCarthy. MeEee, Newsham, Rice, Roots, Scofieid,
Porter Sheldon, Stokes, Stone, Swann, Sweeney,
Taylor, Up3on. Van Trump, Ward.Winans.Witcher,
and Woodward—36.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Theqnestion now recurs
whether the House will substitute for the reso-
lution of the majority the joint resolution
reported by the minority of the committee,
which the Clerk will now read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and be hereby
is, directed to cause the record on pages 312 to 321,
inelusive. in volume four of "California Land
Claims." of the patent of a tract of land known as
the "Panoche Grande," asset forth therein, to be
transcribed into the records as the same stood on
I the record book of the General Land Office at the
; time it was examined, without any mutilation or
[ erasure whatever, so that the legal effect of the rec-
j ord so transcribed shall be thesameas if the original
record had never been interfered with or mutilated;
and when such record shall have been so made, as
herein provided, it shall be marked " examined." as
it was originally marked. And the President of the
United St.ites is hereby authorized and required to
do in the premises whatever may in his judgment
be just and equitable, without regard to any action
or proceeding had subsequent to the 14th day of
March, 1S63, the date of the patent recosded.
Mr. CULLOM. I move to lay the whole
subject on the table; and on that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PETERS. i rise to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. I wish to know the effect of lay-
ing this whole matter on the table. Would it
or would it not be to carry out the views of
the majority of the committee?
Mr. DAWES. Is the motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not. Nothing is in
order except a parliamentary inquiry; but the
Chair does not see that any parliamentary
point is involved in the inquiry of the gentle-
man from Maine.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let us have a voteon the
resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Cannot the
substitule of the minority be divided ?
The SPEAKER. It cannot. A joint reso-
lution is never divisible, except one for river
and harbor improvements.
Mr, WILSON, of Minnesota. This substi-
tute contains two separate and independent
propositions.
The SPEAKER. It would make no dif-
ference if it contained twenty; it cannot be
divided. The question is upon ordering the
yeas and nays upon the motion to lay the
whole subject on the table.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were forty-eight iu
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more than one
fifth of the last vote) the yeas and nays were
ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 79, nays 124,
not voting 37 ; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, At-
wood, Bailey. Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin. Benton,
Bird, Blair, Booker, Buckley, Bulflnton, Burchard,
Cessna, Clinton h. Cobb, Conger, Corker. Cullom,
Dawes, Degener, Box, Duval, Ela, Ferriss, Ferry, i'm-
kelnbure, (iilfillan, Hamilton, llawley, Hay, Hill,
Hoar, Hoge, Holman, Hooper, Hotclikiss, Jenckcs,
Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Kelley, La5.l1,
Lawrence, Loughridge, Maynard, McCormiek, Mc-
Grew, Kliakim H. Moore, Morgan, Ortb, Packard,
Packer, Halbert E. Paine, Peck, Phelps, Potter,
Price, Rogers, Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldon, Shober,
