1871-3
APPENDED TO T® CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
W
41st Cong....3d Ssss.
Paragmyan Investigation—Mr-. Orth.
Ho. of Reps.
the protection of this Government to the same
extent that you and I are ; nay, more so, be-
cause, ag a member of the. legation, he had
thrown around him the protection of the law
of nations. The other was a British subject in
the employ of the American minister, and thus,
entitledj'to the protection of the American flag.
Tliey were seized and for over one hundred
days kept in close imprisonment, and almost
daily subjected to torture of various kinds. This,
House is called upon to declare, in the language
of the resolution which I have had the horio.r to
report—
Thai Bliss and Masterman wore mem.bers. o,f the
personal suite of Mr. Wash burn, and were therefore,
under the law of nations, entitled to tile protection
®f tile officers of the United States.
And—
That the forcible arrest and.detention of- Bliss
and Masterman by the Government of,Paraguay was
a violation of the, law of nations, and a gross insult
to the honor and dignity of the United States.
After Mr. Washburn had signified to our
Government his desire to return, the Adminis-
tration sent his successor. Before our Govern-
ment could possibly have been informed of
the condition of affairs in Paraguay; before
they could possibly have known of. the insult
offered to the American flag; before they
could have known of the incarceration of two
members of the American legation, a minister
was sent there as the successor of Mr. Wash-
burn in the person of General McMahon, of
New Yoik, so far as I know a very estimable
gentleman. As soon, however, as this matter
was brought to the attention of the American
Government, General McMahon was recalled,
and from that time forward until the death of
Lopez, it refused to have any diplomatic inter
course whatever vvith that tyrant, and this
House is called upon, in the following resolu-
tion, to indorse this, action of onr Govern-
ment:
Resolved, That we approve the action of tbe Pres-
ide!) t in withdrawing our minister (General Mc-
Mahon) from the Government of Paraguay, and in
declining to hold further diplomatic intercourse
with said Government. 6
I now come, Mr. Speaker, to address myself
to the resolution which I hive offered in my
ow.n right in reference to the conduct of Bear
Admiral Charles H. Davis, I am not per-
mitted to state what transpired in my commit-
tee-room ; it is forbidden by the rules of this
House; but! have offered for the consideration
of.the House the following resolution:
Resolved, That we disapprove of the conduct of
Rear Admiral Charles H. Davis, in delaying for an
unreasonable time to proceed to the rescue of Bliss
and Masterman, in accepting tbeir release in the
manner and under the circumstances as detailed in
the testimony, and in receiving, holding, and treat-
ing them as prisoners.
I will now present soma reasons, to this
House why that resolution should be adopted.
Admiral Godon, in the mean time, had been
relieved from the command of the South At-
lantic squadron, and was succeeded by Rear
Admiral Charles H. Davis. When Mr, Wash-
burn returned to Buenos Ayres from Asup
cion, in October, 1868, lie soon made publje
iii the papers of Montevideo and Buenos
Ayres the condition of things in Paraguay, in
a letter addressed to the. then British minister,
JJr, Stu'irt, at Buenos Ayres. That letter was
brought to the notice of Admiral Davis, who
was thfii) at Rio Janeiro, by Minister. Webb,
on the 5th of October, 1868; and the testi
mony c,how£ that General James Watson Webb,
impelled by that instinct which should ever
induie an American to go to the rescue of a
fellow citizen unjustly imprisoned, urged upon
Admiral Davis that he should,, immediately
proceed to Asuncion and effect their release,
and demand reparation for the insult to the
honor and dignity of this Government.
The nmsj. natural thing in the world_ to an
unsophisticated gentleman not belonging to
tbe Navy would be that, as we.
expensive arm of the service to subserve some
public good, and when even, the humblest of
our citizens is struck down in hfs dearest
rights, the man who for the time being con-
trols one, of the. strong arms of this Govern-
ment should control it in behalf of that citizen.
When Admiral Davis was thus informed of the
outrage of Lopez upon Bliss and Masterman,
and when he was thus urged by General Webb
to. proceed without delay to their rescue, the
inference is most natural that he would not
hesitate a moment in the discharge of his duty.
He was in command of the South Atlantic
squadron, several thousand miles from home.
The honor and dignity of the Government for
th,^ time, being were placed in his hands.
This Government had given him the means
of protecting its honor and the rights of its
citizens in the shape of six large vessels of
war; but it will appear, before I close with
this branch of my argument, that Admiral
Davis, instead of going to their rescue at once,
delayed that rescue for sixty days. Deaf to
the urgent appeals of our minister at Brazil,
and, insensible" to what should have been his
own instincts of right and justice, he for sixty,
days stood-aloof from taking any steps for the
rescue of these poor men; and yet, with all the
facts before liim, how conld he forget that
these were to Bliss and Masterman sixty days
of false imprisonment, sixty days of cruel tor-
ture?.
If conduct like this is to be tolerated by this
House, then let it be known to the American
people that they are heavily taxed every year
to support a Navy which affords a mere pleas-
ure service for our admirals at home and
abroad. If we are to continue this yearly draft
upon the tax-payers of the country to fit out
and;maintain.a N,av.y in order to protect our
citizens and preserve the honor of this Gov-
ernme.nj;, tlipn let us hold, the officers of our
Navy, to a strict accountability, to see that by
no conduct of theirs shall disrepute or dis-
credit be brought upon this branch of the
public service.
And what was the excuse, Mr. Speaker, that
this second admiral in this unfortunate .contro-
versy presented for this long and unnecessary
delay? That, forsooth, he was not to be told
by General Webb what his duty was ; that he
understood his duty without being reminded
of it by " a minister." The whole testimony
presented in this large volume shows a studied
attempt oil, the part of some of our naval com
mander? to treat lyith disrespect the civil offi-
cers.of the Government, and to remedy this evil
your committee has presented to this House a
resolution providing—
That it is clearly the duty of our naval officers on
foreign stations to render all reasonable assistance
to the diplomatic officers ot the United States in the
discharge of their duties ; and that a refusal or neg-
lect to render such assistance when required, or any
discourtesy by such naval officers toward such dip-
lomatic officers, should be thesubject of inctuiry and
punishment by. the Navy Department.
It affords me a great deal of pleasure, Mr.
Speaker, to allude to the recent annual report
of the Secretary of-the Navy, in which he states
that "during tbe last session of Congress the fol-
lowing resolution was submitted to the House
of Representatives by its Committee on Foreign
Affairs," referring to the resolution already
quoted, and very properly adding:
"On this subject it is proper to remark that the
Department tully concurs in the general views here
expressed, and has enforced them in its regulations
and orders to the command ants of the,national vesr
seis and fleets."
Mr. S WANN. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. ORTH. Certainly,
Mr. S WANN. Has not such been the usage
of this Government from its foundation? Have
not our naval officers uniformly gone out with
instructions to concur as far as possible with
Mr. ORTH. In reply to my friend from
Maryland, [Mr. Swann,] that if such has been
: the course of this Government—and 1 believe it
has been—it only shows that Admirals Godon
and Davis, in addition to conduct which is de-
picted by the testimony now before this House,
have shown an utter disregard of the long con-
tinued course of this Government and an utter
disregard of special instructions, if such have
ever been issued, as intimated by the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Swank;] hut 1 hope
and trust that this investigation, if it have no
other result, will hereafter save the American
name from scenes so disreputable as those
which are portrayed iu this record.
Now, to go back to the conduct of Admiral
Davis. On the 5th of October he was informed
of the unjust and illegal imprisonment of two
members of an American legation. On the
21st of November he left Buenos Ayres for
Angostura; then the temporary headquarters
of Lopez, in Paraguay. He received notice
of these transactions while he was lying in the
harbor at Rio. General Webb, as already
stated, immediately called upon him, and
besought him, in the name of our common
humanity, in the name of an outraged Gov-
ernment, to lose no time whatever; that he
had his ships there; that he had nothing else
to do but to protect the honor and interests of
the Government.; that he should lose no time
in proceeding at once to Angostura and effect
the release of these imprisoned men. It, was
not until the 21st of November that, be left
Buenos Ayres, and on the 3d day of Decem-
ber he arrived at Angostura, after a delay of
exactly sixty days, a mission which he ought
to have accomplished within twenty days; thus
adding unnecessarily and criminally forty days
of imprisonment, forty days of torture, forty
days of intense suffering to Messrs. Bliss and
Masterman, who could* not look elsewhere
than to our flag for their rescue and their
protection.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I wish Admiral
Davis to receive exact justice at my hands. I
have a high regard for him personally, and
trust that I appreciate his services rendered
lo the Government in our recent struggle for
national existence; but when I am called
upon to act in my official capacity as a mem-
ber of this House, in which for the time being
the American people have intrusted the safe-
keeping and custody of their honor and t.heir
rights, 1 would be unworthy of the place I
occupy did I not look into this matter fear-
lessly, and govern my action by the testimony
irrespective of persons.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. As the gentleman from Indi-
ana speaks mainly for the majority of the
committee, I ask the House to grant him a
reasonable extension of time.
The SPEAKER. Js there objection to
extending the time of the gentleman from
Indiana?
There was no objection.
Mr. ORTH. I was about to ask the Clerk
to read a portion of the report. Thanking
the House for the indulgence which it has
extended to me, I will, before the Clerk be-
gins to read, state that when Admiral Davis
arrived at the headquarters of Lopez he sent
to him the most manly, bold, and honorable
letter that I have ever read, demanding in the
name of our outraged Government the prompt
and unconditional release of those two men
thus illegally seized and detained. Lopez
received the letter, and then invited the ad-
miral to a personal conference. What trans-
pired there is known to Da^vis alone, Lopez
having gone to his reward. As a result of
that conference, however, the letter to which
1 have alluded was withdrawn, I have char-
acterized that letter as. one of the most manly
I have ever read, and I itope. that when the
