22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 5,
Eb, of Beps.
Paraguayan Investigation—Mr, Orth.
41st Cons....3d Sbss.
Clerk reads it the House will give it their
attention.
This letter, which would have stamped Ad-
miral Davis with enduring fame as the proud
vindicator of American honor, was after that
personal interview with Lopez withdrawn, and
a second letter offered—a letter modified in
its tone, shorn of those bold and manly fea-
tures which had characterized the first. To
the credit of Admiral Davis let me say here
that that first letter was undoubtedly the natu-
ral prompting of the honest heart of a man
engaged in the discharge of a high duty as the
representative of this Government in that far-
off land. The second letter was sent to the
tyrant. He was not satisfied with it. The
admiral—I blush to own it—in obedience to
the request of that tyrant, withdrew that sec-
ond letter, and then in terms of humble sup-
pliance—I will not say dictated by the tyrant
Lopez—requested that the "two persons" be
delivered into his hands—!for what purpose?
To be received as " prisoners," held as "pris-
oners," and treated as "prisoners."
Mr. WASHBURN", of Wisconsin. Prisoners
and co conspirators.
Mr. ORTH. Yes, as co-conspirators. But,
Mr. Speaker, I will not upon this occasion suf-
fer my feelings to get the,better of my judg-
ment. I desire to present this case calmly and
dispassionately to this House,' and in doing so
1 must be permitted to say—and I say it more
in sorrow than in anger—that the record which
Admiral Davis made for himself in his cor-
respondence with Lopez had better never have
been made. With these remarks I ask the
Clerk to read deliberately an extract from the
report of the committee.
The Clerk read as follows :
"It appears from the testimony that the admiral
and Mr. MeMahon. on their way to Paraguay, were
in daily consultation as to the proper course to be
pursued in reference to the release of Bliss and Mas-
termini, (being then in possession of the facts con-
nected with their arrest and detention.)and the result
of such jointdeliberation was the following letter,
which the admiral sent to Lopez immediately on his
arrival at Angostura:
United States Flag-ship Wasp, (fourth rate,)
In front or Angostura, Paraguay,
December 3, 18(38.
Sin: I havo the honor to inform your Excellency
that I have arrived in front of Angostura, having on
board his Excellency General M. T. MeMahon, the
minister ot the United States to the republic of
Paraguay.
As an indispensable preliminary step to the pre-
sentation by General MeMahon to your Excellency
ofhiscredential letters, I have to request that Messrs.
Bliss and Mastcnnan, tho persons arrested and de-
tained in Asuncion, while under the protection and
attach ed to the legation of the previous United States
minister, be restored to the authority of the United
States llag.
Knowing that before the occurrence of this arrest
and detention it was the earnest desiro of tho (>ov-
crmnontof the United States to continue, under the
existing circumstances, its friendly relations with
the republic of Paraguay, a desire sufficiently man-
ifested by the prompt appointment of General Mc-
Mulion,Hi* uiy hope t haty our Excellency will hasten
to remove the only obstacle which stands in the way
of these relations.
X h-ivc the honor to be, with the highest respect,
your Excellency's most obedient servant.
C. II. DAVIS,
Hear Admiral commanding the Naval Farce*
of the United /States in the South, Atlantic.
Ilis excellency Marshal Don Francisco Solano
Loi-icz, Pi esideat of the Republic of Paraguay.
"The manly, bold, and honorable position assumed
in this lnterreflccts great credit upon its author,
and exhibits in him at that time a due appreciation
of the rights ot' the country he represented and of
the outrage which had been perpetrated.
"Upon the receipt of this letter Lopez, instead
ofcoraplyins with its demands, requested a personal
inteiview with the admiral, which was granted, and
which is thus detailed in his dispatch to the Secre-
tary of the Navy of December 12,1868:
'"The business of this interview maybe briefly
stated: President Lopez began bysaying that, it "was
his fixed purpose to deliver Messrs. Bliss and Master-
man into my kecpiug; that he preiorred to arrange
this matter with mo in person, rather th-m it should
pas3 ibrough the usual channels of official inter-
course; that he was on this account glad I had come
xip myself, and that where both parties were so per-
fectly in harmony as to what was to be asked for and
acceded to there could be no difficulty. In this pre-
liminary conversation the president said repeatedly,
with regard to the men, u*e debe entregarloe" and
with regard to the difficulty, **se hade nrreglar
"This interview was sought by Lopez, undoubt-
edly, in the hope of evading the unconditional de-
mand of the admiral, and inducing him to change
the terms of his letter; and the sequel shows thathe
was but too successful.
"Lopez was well satisfied with the result, for Dr.
Stewart testifies that on his return to headquarters
'he was smiling and shrugging his shoulders and
asked me, * "What think you of the Yankees now?
We are to have a successor to Washburn."'
"After the interview, the admiral says, he still
regarded Bliss and Masterman ' exactly in the light
in which they were placed in Mr. Washburn's cor-
respondence.' which he describes, in said letter to
Lopez, as 'persons arrested and detained in Asun-
cion while under the protection of the previous
United States minister;' and yet he informs the
Navy Department that he 'finally assented to the
wishes of Lopez and withdrew the letter.' Is it any
wonder that this remarkable course of the admiral
caused Lopez to 'smile and shrug his shoulders;'
for in this brief interview he induced him to recede
from a position in which he was clearly right", a posi-
tion that had been taken after most thorough delib-
eration, and in which he would have been fully sus-
tained by his Government?
"Lopez knew that he had ruthlessly trampled
upon the rights of our legation, and that an Ameri-
can admiral had called upon him, in the name of the
nation he had insulted, for prompt redress, and
hence this letter, so true in its statements and so
fearless in its manner of asserting them, was dis-
tasteful to Lopez, for the very reason that the state-
ments were true.
"The admiral informs us that * the manners of the
president (Lopez) were conciliatory, courteous, and
frankthat4 ne objected to the letter because a part
of it had the air of a menace,'and, forgetful of him-
self and his Government, the admiral changed his
position, without changing his opinions, withdrew
the letter, and the next day sent the following;
United States Flag-Ship Wasp, (fourth rate,)
In front of Angostura, Paraguay,
December 4, 1868.
Sir : I have the honor to apprise your Excellency
of my arrival in front of the batteries of Angostura.
My object in placing myself in personal inter-
course with your Excellency is to request thatMessrs.
Bliss and Masterman, tho individuals arrested and
detained in Asuncion on the 10th day of Septem-
ber last, may be delivered into my keeping, sub-
ject to the order of the Government of the United
States.
It does not belong to me to define or even consider
the status of these individuals.
But on this subject your Excellency will, I doubt
not, repose confidence in the justice and friendship of
tho United States, which has afforded your Excel-
lency many recent proofs of its respect and sym-
pathy.
Any papers your Excellency may be pleased to
send with these individuals will be transmitted to
Washington by the earliest opportunity.
I have the honor to be, with the highest respect,
your Excellency's most obedient servant,
C. II. DAVIS,
Rear Admiral Commanding the Naval Forces
of the United States in. the South Atlantic.
His Excellency Marshal Don Fbancisco Solano
Lopez, President of the Republic of Paraguay.
Mr. ORTH. I wish to call the attention of
the House to these several letters of Admiral
Davis, and to the different steps, and I may
say with truth, downward steps, which he pur-
sued. It will be observed that in the first let-
ter Admiral Davis informs President Lopez
that as an indispensable preliminary to the
presentation by General MeMahon of his cre-
dentials " Blibs and Masterman, the persons
arrested and detained in Asuncion while under
the protection of the United States legation,
should be restored to the authority of the
United States flag." That is the language we
should always hear from American officers
under similar circumstances. But that letter,
as I have already remarked, was exceedingly
distasteful to Lopez, and Davis withdrew and
modified it. In the second letter, instead of
requesting the release of Bliss and Master-
man as persons, he styles them "individuals
arrested and detained at Asuncion," not that
they should be restored to the authority of the
United States flag, but that "they should be
restored to my keeping, subject to the order
of the Government of the United States."
I do not wish to make any unnecessary or any
harsh comments on this part of the case under
consideration ; bat it strikes me that the admi-
ral, in his calmer moments, reviewing this part
of his official history, may well exclaim, " Out,
damned spot! " Admiral Davis has made his
own record, and it is for this House to say
whether, under the resolution I have submitted,
they approve that record, or whether his con-
duct is deserving of disapproval and censure.
He goes further, and says in the same-letter
that it does not belong to him to define or even
consider the status of these individuals. Still
further he volunteers to be the bearer of "any
paper " which Lopez would send with these
"individuals" to our Government in Wash-
ington.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to call the atten-
tion of the members of the House to the char-
acter of the " papers " which the admiral thus
volunteered to convey from the blood-stained
hands of Lopez to the city of Washington, to
be placed among the archives of our Govern-
ment. They were the extorted confessions
of Bliss and Masterman—extorted under pains
and penalties; these "papers" were the pur-
chase paid for their lives, wrung from them
by the daily application of the "rack," ad-
ministered by the tools of Lopez, who in this
matter rivaled the darkest days of the Span-
ish inquisition. These were the "papers"
of which an American admiral volunteered to
become the bearer, with the history and con-
tents of which the admiral was fully apprised.
And what were their contents? An effort to
affix upon Mr. Washburn, an American min-
ister, the black and damning crime of engaging
in a conspiracy to dethrone and assassinate
the chief of the Government to which he was
accredited. Did it need the testimony of Ad-
miral Davis to prove that he gave no credence
to this charge? No person cognizant of these
transactions, living or dead, ever harbored the
slightest idea of its truth.
It is almost beyond belief that an Ameri-
can admiral should thus willingly prostitute him-
self and his position to bccome the bearer of
infamous papers like these. But that was not
enough. He had not y^t sufficiently humbled
himself to the earth before the mighty Lopez.
"No, you must do more, Mr. Admiral Davis ;
you must send two officers of the Navy out to
my camp to witness the verification of those
papers." Here is a scene over which, as an
American citizen, I would gladly draw the vail
of oblivion. What is that scene? Out in the
woods of Paraguay, in that country so beauti-
ful by nature, so cursed by the crimes of men,
two captains of the American Navy, Ramsey
and Kirkland, report themselves at the head-
quarters of this tyrant; and after partaking of
his hospitalities they are led into a rude log
structure known as the "council chamber."
They there seat themselves on one side of a
table; the officers of the Paraguayan inqui-
sition range themselves on the other, while
Bliss and Masterman, pale, sick, emaciated,
are brought into their presence, before that
worse than Spanish inquisition. There sat the
American captains, while those two trembling
human beings were brought into their presence
to verify "the papers" which Admiral Davis
said he would take to Washington.
Why these captains of our Navy should thus
quietly witness the degradation of men entitled
to the protection of our Government, without
so much as a protest or a dissent, may admit
of explanation at their hands. I can conceive
of no justification for their course. For the
honor of our Navy I fondly trust that this
may be the last exhibition of so humiliating a
scene.
Mr. ALLISON. I should like the gentle-
man to state who these two captains were. I
think the House should know the names of
the*e officers.
Mr. OR FFL They were Captain Kirkland
and Captain Ramsay, the latter being the fleet
captain of the squadron. To show that I have
i not overdrawn the picture, let me call the
