1458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
praying for such modification of the revenue
laws as will relieve dealers in tobacco from
the payment of special taxes or licenses, and
tax on sales.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of sundry
citizens of Missouri, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Grant City, via
Lutzton, to Hopkins.
By Mr. BECK: The memorial of William
A. Moore, Samuel B. Wallace, Warren Veley,
and a number of citizens of Woodford county,
Kentucky, protesting against congressional
interference with the rights of Kentucky by
chartering a railroad from Cincinnati through
Kentucky to the southern States.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of J. M.
B. Kelly, a citizen of Heury county, Alabama,
asking the removal of his political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution.
By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: The petition
of F. li. Melvia and others, severely wounded
and permanently disabled soldiers of Green
county, Wisconsin, for homesteads, without
being required to actually occupy them.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Emma
Booder, widow of Martin Booder, for arrears
of pension.
By Mr. HALDEMAN: A petition of numer-
ous citizens of Pennsylvania, against the fur-
ther absorption of the public lands by rail-
road and other corporations.
By Mr. JULIAN : A petition of 257 citi-
zens of Colfax county,Territory of New Mex-
ico, praying Congress to withhold a United
States pateut to a tract of mineral and agri-
cultural country known as the Beaubien and
Mirandagrant, in Colfax county, New Mexico,
and embracing an area of upward of four hun-
dred and forty square leagues, until after a
thorough investigation a3 to the right of the
Maxwell Land.'Grant and Railway Company,
to said tract of land, or "grant," or to any
portion thereof, and the boundaries of the
same be definitely defined by an authorized
Government survey. The petitioners declare
that said tract of land or "grant" has never
been legally confirmed by any act of Congress
to the extent claimed by the original applica-
tion made by the said Beaubien, Miranda,
and others; that the Maxwell Land-Grant and
Railway Company can exhibit no legal right
or title to the ground or territory embraced
withiu their imaginary lines beyond the deed
of L. B. Maxwell to them, and that the
miners engaged in developing the mines on the
grant or tract claimed by said company are
now deprived of their just and legal rights to
conduct their work unmolested, aud the agri-
cultural settlers r.re forbidden to occupy any
part or portion jf the rich and fertile valleys
embraced within the so-called boundaries of
the "grant," except undertbe most rigid rules
and restrictions imposed by said company:
also that no official survey of said tract of land
or "grant" has ever been made or ordered to
be made by the United States Government, nor
has the decision of the Secretary of the In-
terior, which clearly defines the true limits of
all Mexican land grants, been acted upon in
regard to this grant, which embraces a large i
tract of territory never intended to be granted
by the Mexican Government. The petitioners
further declare that the Maxwell Land-Grant
and Railway Company have usurped the right
to govern and control the working of all mines,
and all miners who are or may be engaged in
working mines on the said so-called "grant"
or claim, and that their rights are infringed
upon, and that they are threatened with severe
measures by the bogus claim under the afore-
said conveyance of L. B. Maxwell, and a pri-
vate survey of pretended lines defining the
boundaries of their so-called "grajit," For
these and many other good reasons, set forth
!n the petition, the petitioners pray Congress
to cause a thorough investigation of the so-
called claim, and to inquire into the amount
of the lands sold by the said L. B. Maxwell
previous to Ilia sale to the Maxwell Land-
Grant and Railway Company.
By Mr. PROSSER: The petition of R. F.
MeCanl, of Williamson county and State of
Tennessee, praying for the removal of his
legal and political disabilities.
Also, the petition of John L. Buterman and
others, owners and masters of the steamboat
Tobe Hurt, of Nashville, praying that her
name may be changed to that of Dundee.
By Mr. SCHUMAKER. The petition of
John Delaney, guardian of Mary L. Delaney,
for a pension.
By Mr. SHOBER: The following resolutions
of the General Assembly of North Carolina:
A resolution in regard to the political disabili-
ties of Hon. A. M. Waddell and Hon. Sion H.
Rogers.
Also, a resolution askiagthe Representatives
in Congress from North Carolina to use their
influence to amend the fourteenth section of
the bankrupt law.
Also, a resolution concerning internal reve-
nue on tobacco and spirituous liquors.
Also, a resolution requesting aid of Congress
in creating a library fund.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The petition of N. C. Athon apd 45 others,
soldiers of the late war, from Franklin county,
Massachusetts, .asking an amendment of the
late bounty acts so as to allow those who have
lost a leg or an arm to have the benefit of the
same without settlement.
notice of a bill.
The following notice for leave to introduce
a bill was given under the rule :
By Mr. HAMILTON : A bill to remove the
political disabilities of H. B. Grace, of Jackson
county, Florida.
IN SENATE.
Tcesday, February 21, 1871.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
D. D.
The Journ-al of yesterday's proceedings was
partly read; when, on motion of Mr. Har-
lan, the further reading was dispensed with.
petition's and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a me-
morial of citizens of the State of Wisconsin,
praying for the renewal of the grants of lands
heretofore made by the United States to aid in
the construction of a railroad from St. Croix
river or lake to the west end of Lake Superior
and to Bayfield, and also for the passage of an
act, should said grant not be renewed, author-
izing those who have selected homesteads with-
in its limits to select each eighty acres addi-
tional, and providing for the issue by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to
each settler who has paid since the passage of
the grant, June 3, 185G, double the minimum
price for land remaining to the United States
within the limits of the grant a certificate for
the excess paid over ยง1 25 per acre, such
certificate to be receivable in payment for the
public lands of the United States subject to
entry ; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will allow
me to call up House bill No. 24'J'J. I have not
asked the Senate to pass any local bill at all
this winter, and I hope they will allow this bill
to be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the
subject of the bill ?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is a bill reported from
the Committee ou Public Lands. It is a very
small bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it a land-grant bill?
Mr. RAMSEY. There ia no grant of public
lands in it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to consider a bill at the present
time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us.hear it read.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the bill, as
follows:
A bill (II. R. No. 2199) to amend an act entitled
An act making a grant of land to the State of
Minnesota to aid in the improvement of the navi-
gation of the Mississippi river," approved July 23,
1868.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmonds] shakes his
his head, which is in the nature of an objec-
tion. [Laughter.] Petitions and memorials
are no# in order.
Mr. V1CKERS presented a memorial of
citizens of Maryland, praying for the improve-
ment of the bridge at the Washington navy-
yard ; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. COKBETT. I present a petition of
citizens of Portland, Oregon, very numerously
signed, praying that a chair of homeopathy
be established in the proposed national uni-
versity. I know a great many of these per-
sons and can speak of their high standing. I
move its reference 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state in regard to such petitions that they were
referred, first, to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, which reported them ad-
versely. Since' then they have been referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor,
but yesterday they reported adversely, seeing
no probability of this institution bejng organ-
ized at the present session. The pet tions will
hereafter lie on the table, unless a Senator
desires some other reference.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petitions of
E. W. Martin and of Young M. Robb, of Con-
ecuh county, Alabama, praying the removal
of. their political disabilities ; which were re-
ferred to the select Committee ontheRemoval
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SCHUliZ presented the petition of Wil-
liam Moore, late colonel seventy-third regi-
ment Pennsylvania volunteers, praying reim-
bursement for the loss of a valuable horse,
by death, while in the service of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
He also presented a memorial of the St.
Louis Board of Trade, asking an appropria-
tion for the survey of a line of inland water
communication from the Mississippi river,
through the Mississippi and Lake Borgne
canal, to the Atlantic ocean ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petition of
J. B. Stroud, of Harrison county, Texas, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee ou
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. ROSS presented a concurrent resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Kansas, instructing
their Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress to urge the removal of the national cap-
ital to the valley of the Mississippi, and to
vote against all further appropriations for the
same in its present locality ; which wa3 ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also presented a concurrent resolution of
the Legislature of Kansas, instructing their
Senators and Representatives to urge the sale
of the Kaw Indian reserve to actual settlers
at a fair and reasonable price; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of Wil-
liam Robson, of Caddo parish, Louisiana,
praying the removal of his political disabil-
ities; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabil-
ities.
miami bbserve.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1249) to authorize the circuit court of the
United States in the Slate of Indiana to make
partition of the Miami reserve, have instructed
