1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1459
we to report it back with an amendment and
ask its passage. I have understood from the
Senator from Indiana that there is great neces-
sity for speedy action 011 this bill.
Mr. PRATT. That is true ; and I ask the
consent of the Senate that the bill be put on
its passage now.
-There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out
all after the enacting clause and to insert the
following in lieu thereof:
That the circuit court of the "United States for :
fche district of Indiana be, and hereby is, author-
ized, on petition of any of the parties in interest, to
sause partition to be made, according to the laws of
the State of Indiana, of the reservation made to the
band of Me-to-sin-ia by the second article of the
treaty of the 6th day of November, A. D. 1838, and
to Me-shin-go-me-sia, son of Ma-to-sin-ia, by the
seventh article of the treaty of the 28th of November,
A. D.1840, between the Uni.ed States and the Miami
tribe of Indians.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the clerk of said court, within sixty days
after the filing of said petition, to give notice of the
pendency thereof, by four weekly publications in
some newspaper of general circulation in each of
the counties wherein said reservation is situate, and
by posting printed notices thereof in at least five
of the most public places in said reservation; and
do hearing of said petition shall be had in said court
within twelve months from the date of making said
publication. •
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in the parti-
tion ot said reservation the homes of the several par-
ties shall be set apart to theoccupants as far as it
can be done consistently with justice, and said lands
shall not be subject to any debt contracted prior to
the partition thereof, nor to sale or mortgage, nor to
any lease for a longer period than one year, before
the year 1900, and no sale of the same after that
time by the parties to whom it shall be set apart in
severalty, or their descendants, shall be valid with-
out the consent of the President of the United States
and, on a final decree being made m said case of
partition.it shall be the duty of the clerk of said
court to cause a certified copy of the same to be filed
with the Secretary of the Interior, who shall cause
said land to be patented according to the decree of
said court.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the court, in making partition of said
reservation, to ascertain and determine whnt per-
sons, at the time said treaty of November 0,1833, took
effect, constituted the band of Me-to-sin-ia, accord-
ing to the customs and usages oi said tribe of Indians,
and wererecognizedassuch; also, what persons sincc
that time have become incorporated into said band
and recognized as members thereof; and it is hereby
declared, that all such persons and their descendants
shall be entitled to share iu said reservation in the
division thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate asatnend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JACKSON, UNSIXO, AND SAGINAW RAILROAD.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
to submit a bill from the House of Represent-
atives, which he did not submityesterday in the
morning hour, in consequence of the absence
of both the Senators from Michigan at that j
time.
The bill (H. R. No. 0035) to enable the Jack-
son, Lansing, and Saginaw Railroad Company
to change the northern terminus of its road
from Traverse bay to the straits of Mackinaw,
and for other purposes, was read twice by its
title.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that the bill be put
on its passage with a little amendment which
I submit perfecting the rights ot settlers.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas, from the Committee on Public Lands,
asks that this bill be put.on its passage, with
an amendment. The bill will be reported sub-
ject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it proposed to con-
sider the bill now ?
Mr. POMEROY. It is.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope it will pass. It
will lead to no debate, and I do not think there
can be any objection to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has it been printed?
Mr. POMEROY. With the amendment
that I propose it is precisely the same bill,
verbatim, that has been reported from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. This bill has passed
the House, and as the two bills will be alike
when my amendment shall be adopted, I
thought it best to put this on its passage at
once.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will, hear the amend-
ment and reserve my right to object.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert after the word "location," in
line thirty-six, the following words:
But this shall not be held or construed to deprive
any bona Jide settlers upon the land herein desig-
nated of any rights they have acquired under the
laws of the United States, or of the State, at the time
of the passage of this act.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask the Senator from Michigan how much more
land this company will be entitled to if this
bill passes than they would be entitled to under
the original act?
Mr. HOWARD. I think none at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Do they not
get all the land they acquired by the former act,
and something more in addition by this bill?
Mr. POMEROY. This bill allows them to
change their route inside of the grant. It does
not change the grant at all. It allows them
also to go over the northern terminus of their
grant to the straits of Mackinaw without land.
Mr. HOWARD. That is it; it is a simple
grant of the right of way. •
Mr. POMEROY. It grants the right of way
over the northern terminus of the previous
grant, but no additional land. *
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As I heard
the bill read I thought it confirmed the grant
that they already had and gave them more.
Mr. POMEROY. Not an acre.
Mr. SHERMAN. It gives them what land
they would have had if they had built the road,
and authorizes them before they reach the
terminus proposed by that law to diverge and
go in a different direction. In other words,
you take the land of a portion of the State of
Michigan that will not be improved by build-
ing the road, that is, land near Traverse bay,
and you give it to a company that is building
a road toward Mackinaw. I should like to
look into it. before that is done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The . Senator
from Ohio objects to the present consideration
of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that I
shall object to it after I shall have examined it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the bill
lie on the table, or be referred ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it lie on the table
for the present.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it had better be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. *The bill will be
printed and ordered to lie on the table.
BRITISH POSSESSIONS.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that the resolution
I offered on Saturday be taken up> for the pur-
pose of referring it to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. POMEROY. Whynotact upon it now?
Mr. HOWARD. I should have no objec-
tion to action upon it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent to consider it at this time, reports
of committees being in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I supposed that we could
act on such a resolution as that by unanimous
consent.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Clerk to read
the resolution.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
report the resolution, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That in the present disturbed relations
of the Government of the United States and Great
Britain we regard the recent appointment, of the
high commission for discussing subjects of difference
between them as a highly auspicious event, furnish-
ing a well-grounded hope of aspeedy, honorable, and
mutually advantageous settlement of all important
matters of controversy and of a cordial amity and
good feeling between the people of the two coun-
tries; that we deem it of high interest to those ends
that the commission should take into consideration
the fact that the possession by Great Britain of the
northern portion of the continent of North America,
stretching from the northern boundary of the United
States to rhe Frozen ocean, is, in its very nature, an
obstacle to the Rermanent harmony of the two Gov-
ernments and a standing incitement to persons anx-
ious to involve them in war; and we therefore earn-
estly recommend that the commission may, in any
settlement suggested by them, embrace the cession
to the United States of so much at least of such
British possessions as lies to the westward of Hud-
son bay and the main channels connecting it with
the Arctic ocean and the outlet of Lake Superior,
with the right of free navigation through all navi-
gable waters to the Atlantic and Arctic ocean.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that resolution being referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will ba so
referred.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the petition of
settlers in the Des Moines valley, Iowa, pray-
ing protection to them in their rights and the
preservation to them of their homes on the
odd-numbered sections of land in said valley,
have instructed me to report it back with the
statement that, so far as it appears from the
papers before the committee, the United States
has parted with its title to these lands, and it
is not for Congress to undertake to divest the
titles in favor of any'parties. There seems to
have been a decision of the Supreme Court
settling the titles so far as one party is con-
cerned. If these persons who have settled on
the land have done so under a mistake, and
have equitable claims to the consideration of
Congress, they are more properly addressed to
the Committee on Public Lands, than the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. So far as the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary is concerned, there is
no legal way of remedying the complaints of
these parties if they are justly entitled to con-
sideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator desire it referred to the Committee on
Public Lands ?
Mr. HARLAN. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, in view of
the statement made by the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
1327. It will take but a moment. This is a
bill creating ports of delivery at Eureka and
at Wilmington, m California, one of which
points is four hundred miles from San Fran-
cisco.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to make a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I am instructed by' the
Committee on Public Lands to move to have
printed a memorial and statement from the
Legislature of California, relating to the claim
of Messrs. Hutchings and Lamon, which has
been referred to that committee ; and I make
that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1380) to promote the construction of the
Cincinnati and Southern railway, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1852) concerning the terms of the United
States circuit court for the eastern district of
Arkansas, reported it without amendment.
Mr. RICE." While I am on the floor, I ask
unanimous consent to consider House bill No.
1582, authorizing terms of the United States
district court to be held at Helena, Arkansas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are still in order.
