1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
633
appropriated or hereafter to be appropriated
for the payment of bounties, to Henry H. Hoyt,
late a soldier of company H, fifth regiment
Wisconsin volunteers, the same bounty to
which he would have been entitled had he not
been discharged by way of favor but by reason
of the expiration of his term of enlistment.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I now call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motiow was agreed to.
sale of united states land, new york.
Mr. SLOCUM, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 2525) providing
for the sale of land belonging to the United
States situated at Sag Harbor, Suffolk county,
in the State of New York, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of War to sell, at such time and in such
manner as he may deem most advantageous
to the interests of the Government, a certain
piece of laud in the village of Sag Harbor, Suf-
folk county, State of New York, containing one
hundred square feet, as conveyed to the Uni-
ted Stales by deed from Henry P. Dering,
and Anna, his wife, bearing date the 11th day
of November, 1811, on which said laud was
erected a powder-house for the use of a bat-
tery of artillery stationed at Sag Harbor dur-
ing the war of 1812-14. It further directs
tiiat the proceeds arising from the sale herein
provided for, after paying the attendaut ex-
penses, shall be paid into the Treasury of the
United States in the same manner as the pro-
ceeds from the sale of other public lauds.
Mr. SLOCUM. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
missouri military okoanization's.
Mr. SLOCUM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2810) to pay
members of certain military organizations
therein named; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read. It provides that the mil-
itary organization known as the "Westport
police guards," " Hickman's Mills company,"
and companies A, B, C, D, and E, of the
"Kansas City station guards," having been
called into the service of the United States in
the year 1863, in the district of the border
department of Missouri, under authority de-
rived from Major General John M. Sohotield,
United States Army, be, and they are hereby,
placed on the same footing as to pay and
allowances as volunteers in the service of the
United States. The bill in its second section
provides that it shall be the duty of the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Department
to adjust the accounts of all members of the
above-described organizations, and on present-
ation of properly authenticated rolls, showing
the names of all officers and men belonging to
such organizations and the terms of service of
each, and of such other evidence as may be
required to fully prove such service, the said
accounting officers shall pay the accounts, out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the report ac-
companying the bill may be read.
The report was read.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I desire
to ask the gentleman who reports the bill a
question. Has he information how it was that
citizens of the State of Missouri were organ-
ized into companies of this character and did
not belong to the enrolled militia of the State?
Is there not a law authorizing such an organ-
ization?
Mr. SLOCUM. These troops were organ-
ized by General Schofield under a special order,
and belonged neither to the volunteers nor to
the enrolled militia.
Mr. HOLMAN. As provision has been made
for the enrolled militia of Missonri, and large
sums having been paid for the adjustment of
their claims, I think some consideration should
be given to this bill. General Schofield's letter,
I presume, will throw some further light on
this matter. I ask that that letter be read.
Mr. SLOCUM. I do not fiud the letter among ;
the papers here.
Mr. ASPEli. I believe the evidence is com-
plete that these troops were not paid by the
appropriation which has been referred to by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holmax.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask a question
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Slo-
ccm]—whether the bill will have the effect of
paying bounties to this militia force, either the
original bounty or the national bounty, or
whether it will entitle them to pensions?
Mr. SLOCUM. It does.not give them boun-
ties, and gives them no right to pensions. It
gives them right to nothing but their monthly
pay at the same rate as other soldiers during
the time they shall prove that they served.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest an amend-
ment for the purpose of making this point
clear. These troops were not liable to go out
of the State; they were mere home guards,
not liable to be called out of the neighborhood
where they were organized. I move to amend
by adding the following words:
Provided, That this act shall not be construed to
entitle the soldiers reforred to to bounty or com-
pensation.
Mr. SLOCUM. I have so objection to put-
ting that in, although the bill has been pur-
posely worded so as to avoid the construction
which the gentleman from Indiana seeks to
guard against.
The question being put on Mr. Holman's
amendment, it was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of
the following title; wheu the Speaker signed
the sslme:
A bill (H. R. No. 2252) for the relief of
Malinda Harmon, widow of Jacob Harmou,
deceased, of Greene county Tennessee.
claims of loyal citizens.
Mr. SLOCUM, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported adversely on the bill
(H. R. No. 1477) to provide for the auditing,
adjudicating, and payment of certain claims*
of certain loyal citizens of the States lately in
rebellion; and the committee was discharged
from the farther consideration of the same,
and it was laid on the table.
war with mexico.
Mr. SLOCUM also, from the same commit-
tee) reported adversely on the bill (H. 11. No.
680) to provide for the payment of certain vol-
unteer companies in the service of the United
States in the war with Mexico, and in the sup-
pression of the Indian: disturbances in New
Mexico ; and the committee was discharged
from the further consideration of the same, and
it was laid on the table.
captain hogshead's siouifted company.
Mr. SLOCUM also, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely on the bill (H. Ii.
No. 1729) for the relief of Captain Hogshead's
mounted company; and the eommittee was
discharged from the further consideration of
the same, and it was laid on the table.
other adverse reports.
Mr. SLOCUM also, from the same eom-
mittee, reported adversely on the following
cases; and the same were severally laid on
the table-:
Petition of Thomas 0. Halter;
Memorial from the ordnance sergeants of
the Army ;
Statement of Ella E. Hobart;
The memorial of Captain It. B. Cochran,
in bis own behalf and in behalf of the Coch-
ran National Guards;
The petition of William Hinshaw, private
scout with company F, independent regimeat
Tennessee volunteer infantry ; and
The petition of J. K. Stephenson, of Mis-
sissippi, for payment of services as scout and
spy in the Federal Army.
JAMES J. OILfW.
Mr. ASPER, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (II. Ii. No. 2396) for the
relief of James J. Hiles, late a private in the
third Maine cavalry.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs that there
shall be paid to James J. Hiles, out of any
money appropriated for the payment of boun-
ties, the sum of $100, being extra bounty due
him under the provisions of the act of July,
1866, be having served the term of three years
and four days as a private in the third Maine
cavalry, and been honorably discharged there-
from.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ASPER moved to reconsider the vote
by wltich the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william buck.
Mr. ASPER, from the same eommittee, re-
ported a joint resolution (H. R. No. 465) for
the relief of William Buck, late surgeon of the
sixth Maine infantry volunteers; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
and requires the Third Auditor to open the
claim of William Buck, late surgeon sixth
Maine infantry volunteers, the same being
horse claim No. 13973, and to allovy the same
upon the evidence on file in the case. It
directs the Secretary of War to pass the said
claim after being audited, and to pay the same
out of any money appropriated lor the ex-
penditures of the War Department not other-
wise appropriated.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
'time, and passed.
Mr. ASPER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
