1460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBR
February 21,
algernon s cadwallader.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred tbe bill" (S. No.
1340) for the relief of Algernon S. Cadwalla-
der, late colieetor of internal revenue and dis-
bursing agent fifth district of Pennsylvania,
have directed me to report it back without
amendment, and recommend it? passage.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask that that bill be put on
its passage at once. It is very brief, and I am
sure will not be objected to.
There being no objection, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It authorizes the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to allow
to Algernon S. Cadwallader, late collector
and disbursing agent of the fifth internal rev-
enue district of Pennsylvania, the salary, com-
missions, and proper expenses of its office,
from the 28th day of July, 1866, to the 3d day
of March, 18G7, inclusive.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
eight-hour law.
Mr. BLAIR,. Yesterday the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Sawyer] reported from
the Committee oil Education and Labor the
joiut resolution (H. R. No. 72) to regulate
the hours of labor of Government laborers,
workmen, and mechanics, with an amendment
offered by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Mokkill.] I desire to state to the Senate that
I do not- assent to the repart of the committee.
I am in favor of the resolution as it came from
the House.
bills introduced.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1360) to increase the internal revenue
derived from lotteries, and for other purposes ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1361) to aid in establishing and support-
ing public schools in the States lately in rebel-
lion : which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 825) making revolutionary
land scrip receivable in payment for lands ;
■which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
amendment to appropriation bills.
Mr. POMEROY submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(H. R. No. 3063) making, appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending 3CUh June, 1872, and for other
purposes: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
priuted.
Mr. OSBORN submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
2789) making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending June 30, 1872, and
for other purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
order op business.
Mr. COLE. I ask now that the bill to
which I before referred be taken up.
Mr. HOWARD. If the morning business
is over I ask the United States to pay an hon-
est debt due to a very worthy creditor. I wish
to call up Senate bill No. 886, authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to settle accounts
of Colonel James P. Jacques.
Mr. COLE. The United States owe more
debts than they can pay now.
Mr. HOWARD. This is a debt that ought
to be paid'. This gentleman rendered very
distinguished service as detective during the
war, and paid money out of his own pocket to
the amount of five or six thousand dollars,
and has never been reimbursed. I hope the
Senate will take it no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Californiafirstasked unanimous consent, pend-
ing the morning business, to consider the bill
to create ports of delivery at Eureka and Wil-
mington, in California, and provide for the
appointment of a deputy collector at Vallejo,
California, and to abolish the office of surveyor
of said port.
Mr. CAMERON. I object,to that.
Mr. COLE. It is a matter of public neces-
sity. The Secretary of the Treasury asks it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TbeSenator from
Michigan asks unanimous consent to consider
a bill paying a claim. Is there objection ?
Mr. COLE. There is objection.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish the Senator from
California would withdraw his objection. This
bill ought to be passed, for it is a matter of
simple justice.
Mr. NYE. A few mornings ago I had the
honor of introducing a joint resolution 
The VICE PRES1 DENT. The Senator from
'California is on the floor.
Mr. NYE. My friend from California, from
the fact that he has the appropriation bills in
charge, thinks he is charged with everything
else. I think that while he has not such a
bill up he should let us get in a word once in
a while.
•Mr. COLE. The fact alluded to crowds
off all business at California, and no attention
has been given to business of the Pacific coast
worth speaking of, while the attention of the
Senate during the morning hour and other
times has been almost exclusively devoted to
this side of the continent.
Mr. NYE. How did I lose the floor?
TheJICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada is entitled to the floor. The
Chair will hear the request of the Senator from
Nevada, and it will then be open to objection.
The Chair desires to entertain these requests
of Senators at this period of the session, but
it requires unanimous consent to take up a
bill now. It cannot be considered if there is
objection.
Mr. NYE. A joint resolution was reported
by me from the Committee on Naval Affairs
allowing certain contractors to go into the
Court of Claims. It is quite important that
it should be passed. The objectionable fea-
ture the President vetoed in the first joint res-
olution is stricken out. I hope the Senator
from California will not object to that. It has
been discussed, and I am sure there will not be
a vote against.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the request of the Senator from Nevada to
considering the joint resolution in regard to
contractors for iron-clads?
Mr. COLE. I believe the morning business
is over, and it can come up on motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
businesss is not over. Senate resolutions have
not been called for. Is there objection to the
consideration of this joint resolution?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are in order.
clerks to committees op the senate.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Ilesolmd, That clerks be allowed to the following
committees of the Senate only: the Committee on
Foreign Relations, the Committee on Finance, the
Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on
Commerce, the Committee on Military Affairs, the
Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, the Committee on Indian
Affairs, the Committee on Pensions, the Committee
on Claims, the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, the Committee on Patents, the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, the Committee on
Territories, the Committee on Printing, the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining, and to the Committee
to Investigate Alleged Outrages in the Southern
Slates.
codrts in arkansas.
Mr. RICE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 1582.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is' now concluded, and the Senator
from Arkansas moves to take up House bill
No. 1582 for consideration.
Mr. NYE. I thought I had my bill up. There
was no objection to it, I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objected. The morning business was
not then completed. It has now been com-
pleted, and the Senator from Arkansas moves
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of bill H. R. No 1582.
Mr. COLE. Have Senate resolutions pre-
cedence over the bill moved by the Senator
from Arkansas in the consideration of them?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They have.
Mr. COLE. I move, then, that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
I introduced last evenina;.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not an
original Senate resolution. Resolutions which
lie over go on the Calendar precisely the same
as bills, and are governed by the same rules.
They can be moved after the conclusion of the
morning business. The Senator from Ark-
ansas moves now that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of House bill No. 1682,
authorizing terms of the United States district
court to be held at Helena, in Arkansas.
Mr. STEWART. This is a bill simply to
regulate the time of holding the court.
Air. TRUMBULL. It makes another judge.
Mr. WARNER. I ask that the bill be read
for information.
TheVICEPRES1DENT. TheSenatorfrom
Alabama has a right to demand the reading
of the bill. It will be reported as amended
by the Senate when before under consider-
ation.
The Chief Clerk read the bill as amended
bv the Senate.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ark-
ansas, to proceed to the consideration of this
bill.
Mr. STEWART. Prom the statement of
the Senator, or the title, I thought it was an-
other bill, and my remark was based on another
bill. However I have no objection to taking
this up ; only I do not wish to have my remark
misconstrued.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Under the elev-
enth rule the merits of this bill cannot be
debated on a motion to proceed to its consid-
eration.
Mr. RICE. I will make one statement only,
and that is that I am on a committee that has
authority to sit during the sessions of the Sen-
ate, and what I cannot do during the morning
hour I cannot do at all during this session. I
hope the bill will be taken up. I presume
there will be no further argument. I have
nothing further to say about it.
The VICE PRESIDEN1'. The question is
on taking up the bill.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 24, noes 17; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (II. R. No. 1582)
authorizing terms of the United States dis-
trict court to be held at Helena, Arkansas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is still
open to amendment. It'nofurther amendment
be offered it will be reported to the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I trust that that bill will not
be reported to the Senate. ia is simply a bill
to create another district and another court,
and just in the line in which so many proposi-
tions are now being made and are likely to be
made. I think there are a great"deal too many
district courts in the United States now. lu-
stead of making more we ought to diminish
them. I myself am opposed to making any
more district courts in the United States, un-
less there is a very urgent and extreme neces-
sity shown for it.
