634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
JOHN W. CAMPBELL.
Mr. ASPER also, from the same committee,
reported a bill(H. R. No. 2811) for the relief
of John W. Campbell; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the proper accounting officers of the Govern-
ment to allow to John VV. Campbell, late lieu-
tenant, regimental quartermaster, and acting
commissary of subsistence of the seventh regi-
ment Kentucky cavalry, in the settlement of
his accounts, a credit of $500, on presentation
by him of satisfactory evidence that the said
amount was properly expended in purchasing
provisions for the use of the said regiment,
and that the vouchers for the same were lost
without fault or negligence on his part.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ASPER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to recousider bo laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
harper's ferry cemetery.
Mr. ASPER also, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the joint resolution (S. 11. No. 72)
providing for the repair of the inclosure of the
cemetery of Harper's Ferry, West Virginia.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to a third reading.
The joint resolution provides that out of the
proceeds of the sale recently made by the Sec-
retary of War of the public property at Har-
pers Perry, West Virginia, the sum of $1,500,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, shall
be appropriated to repair the inclosure of the
cemetery at Harper's Ferry, to be expended
for that purpose under the direction of the
Secretary of War.
The joint, resolution was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ASPER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed lo.
ROIiKRT K. BVRD.
Mr. ASPER also, from the same committee,
reported a hill (H. 11. No. 2812) for the relief
of lioberl K. Byrd; which was read u first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
bo engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to audit and
pay the claim of Robert K. Byrd, late colonel
of the first regimentof Tennessee infantry vol-
unteers, for one horse killed in the service.
Mr. HOLMAN. If there is a report accom-
panying this bill, I think it should be read, or
some reason given why this claim has not been
allowed by the Third Auditor.
Mr. ASPKR. The, facts in this case are
these: this horse was killed on the skirmish
line, having strayed from the camp. The
Thild Auditor refuses to pay for the horse
because it _ was not killed in actual battle.
The committee believe that relief should be
granted, and therefore have directed me to
repoit this bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ASPER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the,
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WALTER J. LEE.
Mr. STOUGHTON. from the same commit-
tee; reported ;i bill (H. R. No. 2813) for the
relief of Walter J. Lee, late second lieuten-
ant of the twenty-eighth Michigan infantry;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Pay-
master General of the Army to pay to Walter
J. Lee, late second lieutenant of the twenty-
eighth Michigan volunteers, the amount of pay
and advances withheld from him by sentence
of court-martial, and subsequently ordered to
be paid him by command of Brevet Major Gen-
eral Ruger.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill w#s passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james iiurpiiy.
Mr. STOUGHTON, from the same commit-
tee, also reported a bill (H. R. No. 2814) for
the relief of James Murphy ; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, dirscts the Secre-
tary of War to cause to be paid to James Mur-
phy, of Maine, who was improperly arrested
as a deserter and forced to serve as a soldier
in the fifteenth regiment of Maine volunteers,
although he was never enlisted or mustered
into the military service, the pay and bounty
of a private from August 22, 1863, until the
date of his discharge, such payment to be
made out of any money appropriated for the
pay of the Army.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that, the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
c0ndhmned cannon for cemeteries.
Mr. STOUGHTON, from the same commit-
tee, also reported a joint resolution (H. R. No.
•100) granting condemned cannon for certain
soldiers' cemeteries; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
the Secretary of War to issue and deliver con-
demned or unserviceable brass, bronze, or iron
cannon, as follows: four pieces of condemned
cannon and twenty-four balls to the managers of
the Lincoln Institution of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania; four pieces of cannon to the trustees
of the Riverside cemetery, or the municipal
authorities of the city of Waterbury, Connec-
ticut ; four pieces of cannon to the Soldiers'
Monument Association of Wheeling, West Vir-
ginia; and four pieces of cannon to the Michi-
gan Soldiers' Monument Association atDetroit,
Michigan. Also, that one piece of condemned
cannon be given to the corporate authorities of
each of the following cities and villages in the
State of Michigan, namely: Niles, Coldwater,
Sturgis, Constantine, Three Rivers, Kalama-
zoo, Oassopolis, Buchanan, St. Joseph's, Deca-
tur, Dowagiac, Pawpaw, and Allegan, to be
used in adorning and embellishing soldiers'
cemeteries at the said several places.
Mr. RELLEY. Would it be in order now
' to move an amendment to this joint resolution?
The SPEAKER. It is now in an amend-
able stage.
Mr. KELLEY. The ladies in charge of the
Lincoln Institution of Philadelphia have writ-
ten me that the cemetery lot, which is to be
inclosed and adorned with condemned cannon
and balls, will require twelve cannon and forty-
eight balls. I will therefore move to amend
this joint resolution accordingly.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was or-
dered to a third reading; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ANDERSON AND CRITCHFIKLD.
Mr. STOUGHTON, from the same commit-
tee, also reported, with an amendment, a bill
(H. R. No. 1809) for the relief of Henry C.
Anderson and William B. Critchlield, late sol-
diers of the thirteenth Iowa infantry; which
was read a first and second time.
The question wa3 upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read,proposes to author-
ize and direct the Secretary of War to issue
the necessary orders to secure to William
P. Critchfield and Henry C. Anderson, late
soldiers of the thirteenth regiment Iowa in-
fantry, the same pay and allowances which
they would have received had they not been
convicted upon a charge of absence without
leave from their regiment.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out "Secretary of War" and insert
"proper accounting officer."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TETEll J. KNAPP IIUGFI ALEXANDER.
Mr. STOUGHTON also, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon the following; which were laid on the
table:
A bill (II. II. No. 2432) for the relief of
Peter J. Knapp ; and
The petition of Hugh Alexander, late cap-
tain ot company G, one hundred and ninth
Pennsylvania volunteers.
WILLIAM J. mini).
Mr. ASPER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported adversely upon the fol-
lowing; which was laid on the table :
'The petition of William J. Budd, late cap-
tain of company A, Fremont rangers, asking
to be paid for horses killed in battle.
SAN JOSE MILITARY RESERVATION.
Mr. ASPER also, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it pass, the bill (H. Ii. No.
2088) for the relief of the former occupants of
the military reservation at Point San Jos6 in
the city and county of San Francisco, and for
other purposes.
The bill was read, as follows :
_ die it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives ot t he United States of America m Congress assem-
bled, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to restore the lands wilhin
the present limits of the military reservation at Point
San Josfi, in the city find county of Sun Franei«co, in
the State of California, which were taken and occu-
pied by the military authorities in the years 1863 and
I860, to the persons then in the bona fide possession
thereof, by themselves or their tenants, and who, if
said lands had not been s> taken, would have been
entitled thereto under the laws of the State of Cali-
fornia. if in his opinion the said lands are not needed
for military purposes: butif he shall deem it neces-
sary to retain possession of said lands as aforesaid,
then it shall be his duty to ascertain, as soon as may
be, the value of the said lands, together with the
value of the buildings and other improvements thet e-
upon at the time when military possession was taken
thereof,and the amonntofdamages sustained bythc
said persons by the taking thereof tor public use.
And he shall appoint a board of officers or eommis-
sionersforthepurposeof iucert.iining the said values
and dasna;es, before whom the said persons shall
