1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
havo the right to appear in person or by attorney,
and to produce proof to show the value of the prop-
' erty of which they have been deprived. And the
said board shall report to the Secretary of War the
names of the persons who have sustained losses by
the taking of the said lands, and the amount of the
losses of each of them, ascertained as herein pro-
vided, together with the evidence taken by them;
and their report, subject to such changes or modifi-
cations as the said Secretary may deem proper to
make, shall be by hii j approved. And the award of
damages so made shall be published for six suc-
cessive weeks in one or raorc of the public news-
papers printed and published in the city of San Fran-
cis-'o.
Sec. 2. Arvl be it further enar.tr.cl. That the Secretary
of War shall direet that a portion of the military
reservation at the Presidio ot San Francisco, in the
State of California, containing not le33 than two
hundred and fifty acres nor more than five hundred
acres, which, in his judgment, is notneededformili-
tary purposes, be surveyed and set apart, and he
shall cause the said portion to bo divided into blocks
and lots with public streets conforming, as near as
may be, without detriment to the interests of the
Government, to the public streets of the city of San
Francisco adjoining such ground, and sold by lots
at public auction, at the city of San Francisco, to
tho highest bidder, public notice of such salebaving
first been given for thirty days by advertisement in
at least two newspapers published in said city. And
at such sals each person whose losses shall have
been ascertained as provided in the preceding sec-
tion of this act, and whose name shall appear in the
said reportwhen approved as aforesaid, orhisor her
assigns, shall be entitled to bid and become a pur-
chaser, and the sale shall also be open to the public.
And if any of the said persons purchase more than
the amount awarded to him in said report, such per-
son shall pay the difference into the hands of the
officer appointed for that purpose by the Secretary
of War; and if any of the said persons purchase less
than the amount awarded to him in said report, the
said offieershail pay to him the difference out ot the
proceeds of said sale; and if any of the said persons
shall not become a purchaser, the said officer shall
pay to him the amount awarded to him in said re-
port outoftheproceedsofsaidsale. Andtheremain-
der of the proceeds arising from the sale herein pro-
vided lor shall be paid into the Treasury of the
United States in the same manner as the proceeds
from the sale of other public lands.
Sec. 3. And bp it further rnactr.fi. That it shall be
the duty of the President to cause patents to be
issued in due form of law for each and every such
block or pared of land as soon as may bo after tho
purchase of and the payment for the same as herein
provided.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have the consent of my
colleague [Mr. Asper] to offer the following
amendment:
In lines nineteen, twenty, and twenty-one of sec-
tion one, strike out these words: " and the amount of
damages sustained by the said persons by the taking
thereof for publio use."
In line twenty-three of the same section strike
out tho words "and damages."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ASPER. I call the previous question
on the passage of this bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Asper] is entitled to one hour, to
close the debate.
Mr. ASPER. I yield live minutes to the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Axtell.]
Mr. AXTELL. I think, Mr. Speaker, that
this bill ought to be carefully considered by
the House before it is passed. It contains two
propositions. The first of these, which I be-
lieve to be entirely proper, is to grant com-
pensation to certain persons for their houses,
gardens, and other improvements on the San
Jo.se reservation, in the city of San Francisco,
of which* they were deprived by military
authority. This proposition seems to me emi-
nently just. But the committee recommend
that the money to be used in compensating
these parties be obtained by the sale of a por-
tion of the Presidio reservation. They pro-
pose to sell from two hundred and fifty to five
hundred acres of land lying within the city of
Sun Francisco, known as the Presidio reserva-
tion, bounded by the Golden Gate on the north,
by the ocean on the west, and by the city on
the other two sides. In other words, the War
Department proposes to lay out and sell a city
contiguous to and adjoining the city of San
Francisco. It seems to me to disturb and
unhitige valu^, entirely opening the doors to
embarrass the city of San Francisco, and, in
my judgment, to injure the city.
Mr. Speaker, these Presidio public lands
were reserved for the public use; and I desire
to call the attention of the House to the fact
that the lines of that Presidio reservation have
been recently extended around and over other
improvements. Some of the very portion of
land proposed to be sold by the committee is
recommended by a Senate bill, now upon our
tables, to be restored to the owners, the men
who made settlement thereon.
Again, sir, the entire people of the city of
San Francisco unite in requesting that so much
of these lands as the Government does not
need may be given to that city for a public
park lying upon the Golden Gate on the ocean.
I ask that the land be given to the city if the
Government does not need it. It seems to me
to be a strange proceeding, after the Govern-
ment has reserved a large portion of the public
lands, that it shall cut it up into lots and sell
it as a matter of speculation.
If the Government does not need the land,
let it give it to the city of San Francisco. I
had the honor to introduce a bill, at the request
of the board of supervisors of the city of San
Francisco, that this land either should be
retained by the Government for its uses ; or, if
the Government does not need it, then that it
should be donated to that city for the purpose
of a public park; and also that the portion be
restored to those individuals, if any exist, who
had a prior right or claim to thi3 land. Now,
it is not necessary to pay to these individuals
who were wronged by their property being
taken at San Jos6. I do not say wronged; but
who have claim to this reservation, by in this
way obtaining funds to pay them. If the Gov-
ernment desires to pay them it is abundantly
able to get funds. 1 earnestly entreat members
here to let this bill at the present time be
defeated. These men can wait for their pay.
Their pay can be provided for, and it can be
paid out of some other fund instead of laying
out a new city, adjoining the city of San Fran-
cisco, at a time when real estate is not in the
best condition, and perhaps running the streets
differently, although I believe this bill provides
that they shall be run in accordance with those
streets. It seems to me this bill will not work
for good, as I know that it does not meet
with the approbation of the citizens of San
Francisco.
This large reservation is not required for
military purposes and ought to be cut down,
say to two hundred acres, and the balance, say
twelve hundred acres, conveyed to the city of
San Francisco in trust for a public park. This
bill inaugurates a vicious practice. It pro-
poses from year to year to legislate in regard
to this reservation, throwing a hundred or two
hundred or three hundred acres of land each
year upon our market. We should consider
a bill that will dispose of this whole subject at
once, and not keep it to be nibbled at by every
hungry adventurer who thinks he has a claim
against the Government. If it is to be sold,
sell it for cash to the highest bidder; if given
away, donate it to the whole people of San
Francisco for a public park.
Mr. KERR. I desire to ask of the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Asper,] who controls
this measure before the House, whether this
is the unanimous report of the Committee on
Military Affairs, or the report of a divided
committee?
Mr. ASPER. It is the unanimous report
of the committee.
Mr. KERR. I desire to say, Mr. Speaker,
that having carefully read that report, it fully
satisfies my judgment that the House ought to
pass this bill in its present form. The report
fully shows that if these claimants have not
legal titles, they have at least such clear and
strong equities as this House ought to respect
and protect. It also shows that there has
already been as great delay in the recognition
of the rights of these claimants as ought to bfe
tolerated by a just Government, and it is time
now some such action as this should be taken
and the controversy put in process of adjust-
ment and final determination.
It is said by the gentleman from California
[Mr. Axtell] that the city of San Francisco
desires a part of this reservation for the pur-
pose of a public park. That may be bo, Mr.
Speaker, but this report shows that in truth and
strict law there is no reservation here at all;
that the Government never made it effectual
as a reservation. An attempt was made to
reserve apart of this real estate, but it was not
made in conformity to preexisting law, and it
has never been made good by any subsequent
enactment. Therefore the claim of the Gov-
ernment is at best only an equity. Suppose
there is even legal title in the Government: it
has no such clear title upon which the Gov-
ernment ought to seek to oppose these indi-
vidual claimants, whose title and equities are
admitted, I believe, by all parties to this con-
troversy. It has no title of such a character
as to justify the Government in doing injustice
to any of these claimants.
Mr. AXTELL. Let me suggest there are as
equally good claims to other lauds, which it is
proposed these claimants shall take, as, I am
informed, there are to those of Point San Jos6.
Why not restore to them their old homesteads,
their old lands, to which, as the learned gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] has justiy
remarked, the Government has no legal title?
Mr. KERR. I am sure I am unable on the
record as presented to the House to answer
that question. But it is curious, it is very
strange, that such a state of facts should exist
here and no claim be made by any of these
private citizens.
Mr. AXTELL. The gentleman is ill-in-
formed as to the facts. A bill has passed the
Senate and lies on the table, as I have stated,
and there is another bill before the Military
Committee, giving back to these men their
claims on the very lands which it is now pro-
posed to take to pay somebody else with.
Mr. KERR. Then no injustice will be done.
I am free to confess in this matter that I am
following the action of the proper committee
of this House. I have not gone beyond the
action of that committee on the record which
it has made here in the investigation of this
case. And to that extent I have gone, and
upon the record I have fixed and settled opin-
ions. I agree it is possible that if I had gone
further, and investigated these collateral issues
which are suggested by the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Axtell,] I might now have
very different opinions. But how is this House
to act when a proposition of this kind comes
before it, except upon such materials as are
properly presented to the House by its proper
organ ?
I say then, again, that this subject comes
from a committee with a unanimous recom-
mendation of that committee, and the record
made by the committee shows that that recom-
mendation is just and right
Mr. AXTELL. Will the gentleman allow
me to call his attention to the proposition 
Mr. KERR. In one moment I will. I only
want further to add that if there exist other
parties who have unadjusted and unsettled
rights here, let them be referred appropriately,
and let them be appropriately reported to this
House and acted upon. I will advocate and
vote for their relief. This relief can be granted
without inconsistency with this bill and com-
plete justice can be done to all parties.
Mr. AXTELL. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman to this point. The bill
embraces two propositions. The first is that,
these lands at Point San Jose should be re-
stored or paid for. The second is as to the
fund out of which they shall be paid. Itis
provided that the Presidio reservation, a dis-
tinct reservation, shall be put up to sale—a
reservation to which there are some claims
unadjusted. I may have overstated the prop*
