636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
osition in saying that all the claims are unad-
justed, but there are certain claims in that
position.. There are thus two distinct propo-
sitions put in one bill. I ask the gentleman,
would it not be well to ascertain what are the
rights or claims of any persons to this land
before it is put up at public sale ?
Mr. KERR. If that were true as to the
existence of the reservation, if that were an
undenied proposition here, there would be
much force in the suggestion of the gentleman
from California. But the very existence of
this reservation is denied.
Mr. AXTELL, I beg your pardon ; not of
the Presidio reservation.
Mr. KERR. That is true as to the Presidio
reservation. But all objection as to that part
can readily be removed without impairing
materially the form or value  f this bill, and
1 hope that will be done, and then that the bill
will pass.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Asper] allow me to offer an
amendment?
Mr. ASPER. Not now. I yield to the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Sargent] for five
minutes.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I regret to
differ from my colleague [Mr. Axtell] on any
proposition affecting his district. By such
information as 1 can procure, I learn that the
Presidio reservation at San Francisco, in all its
boundaries, is well understood and admitted
to be the property of the United States, and
that no one disputes that. Years ago, how-
ever, when it was originally legally declared
to be a reservation, there was a mistake made
in running a certain lino by not allowing for a
variation of compass, as I understand. When
it was subsequently surveyed years after, it
was found that the line, starting at nothing at
the initial point, and going back along the line
of the reservation, made a small gore, hardly
laige enough for any independent improve-
ments except at the extreme back end; but
that if the line were corrected it would per-
haps strike through the edge of valuable im-
piovements, brick buildings, residences, &c.
On account of this great inconvenience to prop-
erty-holders the United States are aaked as a
matter of favor, as I understand, to allow the
line to remain as originally surveyed, although
there may have been an error in that survey.
The amount of land involved is very small,
and the United States could sustain no injury
by granting the request, while taking a shaving
off people's houses, &e., would be very incon-
venient.
From this circumstance arise the claims
■which my friend and colleague [Mr. Axtkll]
alludes to in his objection to the relief which
is granted in this bill The objection is not
commensurate in magnitude to the point lie
makes. We can grant thatrelief andstillgrant
the relief in this bill. The Presidio reserva-
tion is very large, some fifteen hundred and
forty-one acres in extent. It is used for acom-
pany or two of United States soldiers and for
pasturage of horses, &c. If an immense reser-
vationlikethis wereattempted to be maintained
in Boston, or New York, or Philadelphia, it
would be regarded as an intolerable nuisance.
It is entirely too big for Government purposes
and it fetters the growth of our great city. X
hope that this bill will put part of it to proper
use, and enough more of it to furnish the city
a park will be granted. But the residents at
Point Jos6 were dislodged by the Govern-
ment as a military necessity, and their property
taken for public uses under such circumstances
that it ought not to hesitate to make compen-
sation to them for the property it took from
them.
This bill provides that compensation shall
be paid to them. But how? By taking it from
the Treasury? Not at all; but by ascertaining
the valuu of the property taken from them, and
then taking a piece of this reservation and hav-
ing it sold unttfer proper guards. If they see fit,
the parties can exchange, lot for lot, the lands
of which they were dispossessed for lands on
the edge of the Presidio described in the bill ;
and if they do not see fit to do that, then the
land is to be sold to the highest bidder, and
out of the funds so created by the sale of land
for which the Government has no use as a
reservation, and which restrains the growth
of the city, the parties are to be paid.
Now, the only objection my colleague [Mr.
Axtell] raises is that to which I have referred :
that in the original survey there was a little
piece of land not taken into the reservation
which ought to have been, and that parties
who have built on that piece of land in good
faith are here asking as a favor of the Govern-
ment that the liner be allowed to stand as it was
originally run. I am in favor of that proposi-
tion, and think it a just one. It is a reasonable
request, and when that bill comes up I will
vote for it.. But that does not affect the merit
of this proposition in any degree, as I under-
stand it. If it does, it is only to a very small
extent, and we can set that right hereafter if
we find that it does. If I have leave I will do
it now, by submitting an amendment that will
leave out of the land to be sold under this bill
the gore land, and so save the rights of all
parties.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent of the House to change a single word in
the last line, to change the word "damages"
to "value so as to correspond with the other
amendments which have been made.
There was no objection; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the additional section which I send to
the Clerk's desk, requiring the Secretary of
War to report the proceedings under this
bill to Congress. ] suppose there will be no
objection to that amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
And be it further enacted. That it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of War, as soon as practicable, to
report to Congress tho proceedings that shall bo had
under the provisions of this act.
There was no objection ; and the amendment
was entertained, and agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. To obviate the objection
raised by my colleague, [Mr. Axtell,] I ask
leave of the House to offer an amendment to
insert in the second section, after the words
" San Francisco," in the third line, the words
"lying within the present fence line."
There was no objection ; and the amendment
was entertained, and agreed to.
Mr. ASPER. What portion of the hour is
still remaining ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has forty
minutes of his hour remaining. The morning
hour is expiring just at this moment, but the
bill is under the operation of the previous
question.
Mr. ASPER. I supposed that the reading
of this bill, and the reading of the report of
the Committee on Military Affairs, which I
understand has been pretty generally read by
the members of the House, would be sufficient
to introduce this as a just and equitable meas-
ure and to recommend its passage without
any remarks. I felt constrained, however, to
yield to the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Axtell,] who resides in the city of San Fran-
cisco, for the remarks which he has made ;
but it seems to me that it will be unnecessary
to occupy very much of the time of the House
in discussing the measure.
This is not a measure to build up a city
within the reservation called Presidio, at San
Francisco. Point San Jos6 is within the city
lines of San Francisco, as made in 1851; but
it has been taken possession of by the Gov-
ernment for public use, and there can be no
question but that these parties who reside
thereon should be paid for their improvements
and their property there, property which they
have held undisputed for eleven or twelve
years; and in regard to their title during all
that time there seemed to. be no question what-
ever.
In the decision of the question before the
circuit court of the United States in San Fran-
cisco an old decision of the land commission-
ers appointed by force of law, and an old res-
ervation of these lands made by the President
iti 1850, were for the first time brought forth
and referred to in the decision of that case.
This Presidio reservation has been undis-
puted ever since the acquisition of the terri-
tory of California. Its lines have been well
defined and well marked; and there is no
reason why a portion of this large reservation
should not be taken and sold by the Govern-
ment, in the usual way and according to prece-
dent, and the money applied to the payment
of these claims, when adjusted by a commis-
sion to be appointed by the War Department.
I hold in my hand a letter to the chief of
engineers of the War Department from the
board of engineers of the harbor of San Fran-
cisco, iu which they recommend the sale of
two hundred and fifty acres of this reservation.
If two hundred and fifty acres are sold there
will still remain about thirteen hundred acres ;
enough of this reservation upon which to build
a park and adorn and beautify it for the citi-
zens of California who may reside in that city,
and yet enough be left for public uses.
It is proposed in this bill only to extend the
street lines over this portion of it, and as rec-
ommended by the board of engineers in the
letter which I hold in my hand. That, was
done by the Government in an act passed
July 20, 1865, where a reservation was laid
out into plats and lots, streets laid out, and
lots sold. Then, by act of July 4, 1866,
which disposed of Fort Howard military res-
ervation, the President is directed to issue
patents for the different plots into which the
reservation was to be divided. In reference
to the sale of plats, the issue of patents, and
everything connected with this sale, this bill
follows the precedents which have heretofore
been adopted in acts of Congress.
It seems to me that if there is any dispute
as to the lines of this reservation, and if there
are citizens who properly own a portion of
this land, then that property does not belong
to this Presidio reservation, and, as a matter
of course, it must be settled in the ordinary
and proper way; and tho amendment just
moved by the gentleman from California [Mr.
Sakgent] and adopted by the House fixes the
matter, that none of the land can be sold which
is in dispute between the citizens and the Gov-
ernment.
The lines of this reservation have been well
defined, fences have been erected upon it, and
the sentries of our Army guard the fences of
the Presidio reservation. It seems to me that
nothing more need to be said in support of
this bill, and I now ask a vote on it.
The bill, as amended, was then read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. ASPER moved to feconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL HITCHCOCK.
Mr. PACKARD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Military Affairs, re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 2815) for the relief
of Samuel Hitchcock ; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The hill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of War to cause to be paid to Samuel
Hitchcock, of Illinois, who was commissioned
and served_as second lieutenant of company
B of the thirty-sixth regiment Illinois volun-
teers, the pay and allowances of second lieu-
tenant for such time as he actually served as a
lieutenant, or was a prisoner in the hands of
the enemy, after having so served," deducting
