28
APPENDIX TO C&OBE.
[January 1;1,
S®aie.
Annexation of San Domingo—Mr: Sclmris.
41st Cong....3d Sbss-.
thai, they, are prevented by themselves? Simply
because they are laboring under natural diffi-
culties which cannot.be overcome by adopting
ctytair. political forms. You cannot mention
any other reason for it. Say not that it is the
fajlingof the races livingthere alone, for,I will
proye. to you that the Anglo-Saxonshaye been
trjred, under the tropical sun, and have, in the
main points, failed in every instance.
Mr. STEWART. I should, like to inquire
of the Senator from Missouri if there was any
better condition of government in California
than in any other part of Mexico while it was
a portion of Mexico ; and if the change of
allegiance has not entirely changed the condi-
tion of the people, and greatly for the better?
Mr. SCHURZ. AY hat does, the Senator
desire to prove: that there were some disor-
derly- countries also under a, temperate climate ?
I have never, denied that. There ares other
things exercising.an influence upon the char-
acter of nations and in destinies of countries.
I acknowledge that; but I desire tp diseusi^onp
point, at a time.
Mr, STEWART. I want to prove to the
Senator that it was not the question of climat.e
that affected their condition, because there
was an illustration where they had the finest
cliiaatein the world. They were our neighbors.
AVhen it came under the United States.it turned
out that we could establish our institutions
and make them prosper there very well. So
it does not appear to have been the case in
California., which, previous to annexation, I
maintain was in no better condition than any
other part of Mexico. It docs not appear to
have been a question of climate. I,t must, have
been owing to other causes.
Mr. SCHURZ. I understand the. Sena,tor
now. Does h^ desire me to, make the differ-
ence clearer? In the first-place, California,"is
not. a tropical country. He will not assert that
it is. In the second place, there was a. sparse
Mexican population in California. Americans
went in there, and by numbers and energy
completely overwhelmed them, so that at the
present moment the Mexican race in public
life is hardly noticed—is that not so ?—so that
if they wanted to make any trouble they could
not.
Mr. STEWART. Might not that occur ia
San,Domingo, or in Sonora; or in Sinaloa, if
we were to annex it ? Is there any particular
line wh,ere that may not occur?
Mr. SCHURZ. If the Senator will be kind
enough to give me time to explain that to him
a|so I shall be most happy to do so. He will
admit., then, that the example of Califprnia,
which he has just adduced, does not fit the
case at all. 1 was just going to prove that
whenever similar attempts were made by the
Anglo Saxon race under the tropical sun they
had equally failed in the main point.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will find a
similar case "where we have tried it, very well.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Anglo Saxoi} race
established itself on the West India islands,
did, it not? the same iace which peopled this
country ? They had the government pf affairs
there. Will the Senator tell me what, became
of the English colonies in the AVesfe India
islands? Will he tell me what has become of
the. descendants of. the original Anglo-Saxon
immigrants there?
Mr. STEWART. Yes.
Mr. SCHURZ. AVell.
Mr. S PE WART. They had a miserable sys-
tem of slavery, that degraded and destroyed
them. They never tried the experiment of
free institutions there until the people got en-
tirely degenerate. The original stock started
in on the basis of slavery, and they never have
had a fair chance under free institutions.
Mr. SCHURZ. Jf the Senator will permit
me now.) I will proceed.
The PRESIDING,. OE^ICBK, (,Mrs Po^r.
ROY in the chair.) The, Senator
souri declines to h& further interrupted,
Mr. SCHURZ. I will give the necessary,
explanation to the Senator from N.ejvada.of the
facts he adduced. In the first plape, the Anglo-
Saxons on the AYest India.islands,s,ta,r.ted with
a no more miserable system of slayery than they
did here. Does, the Senator from Nevada se,e,
the difference in the results? I presume he is*
acquainted with, the fact that slavery was. long
ago abolished, on.the island, of Jamaica, and
that the condition of things in Jamaica is very
far from satisfactory, and, at any rate has, not
led to anything that might in the remotest
degree be compared with the beneficial re-
sults. of self-government as we observe them
ll6E6.
Mr. STEWART. If I do not,interrupt,the
Senafqr, I.will say, that^t the. time of,the abo:
lition of slayery, there,the.people were so de-
moralized that there was not a nucleus to form
an organization, of society, sufficiently strong
to maintain free government. There were not
enough free people there for the purpose;
there were just a few slaveholders, and a mas£
of. slaves, and not enough, free people of the
right kind.to form a nucleus for the establish-
ment of free institutions. They, hafl, not a fair
chance to inaugurate free government. They
were in the same situation as the people, of
California previous to its annexation to the
United States. There ^ere not enough of the
right kind of people there wjho kne.w, how to
es,tablis,h. free government, and they remained
in the same condition, as. before, without apy
sufficient organization.
Mr. SCHURZ. Then it would, seem that
the experiment, there failed because, they had
not the right kind of- A.ngloiSaxons there.
[Laughter.] AVill they, hav.e the right kind.of
Anglo Saxons in San Domi.ngo ? In the meiap
time let us see whether we can find the right
kind of Anglo-Saxons somewiere else. AVe
are frequently, pointed to the success of the j
great Australian colonies, some of which are
under a tropical latitude. The first colony in
Australia was planted, in New South Wales in
the year 1788. In the colony of New. South
Wales two distinct elements developed them-
selves, one of democratic instincts, which grad-
ually drifted toward the southern coast of the
Australian continent, as far toward the pole
as possible, and established there under dem-
ocratic inspirations those flourishing colonies
which Great Britain is so justly proud of. There
they w.orl> for the division of land as a basis
for democratic society,, and develop a vigorous
and free political life in every sense. Another
element, w.ent north from New. South Wales
into Queensland ; Queensland, a large part of
which lies under tropical latitudes, where the
tropical staples can be raised. AVhat has be-
come of them ? AVhy, sir, but a short,,timeago
a correspondence from there appeared in the
London Times, of wjiich I have an extract
here, describing the efforts that, were made
by, the colonists of Queensland to kidnap the
natives of the surrounding South Sea islands
for the purppse ot using them as slaves, in
working their plantations.
Is that perhaps the right, kind of Anglo-
Saxon? If so, lie exhibits just, that danger-
ous tendency, under the influ'ences-of the trop-
ical sun, which I have been describing, anfl in-
stead ot establishing and developing free gov-
ernment, justly, respecting the rights of man,
he attempts to organize labor in the direction
of_ slavery. And the colonies in Queensland
oemg still young, he does that in spite of the
light of our days, in spite of the generous
influences which the opinions and sympathies
of the rest of mankind might be presumed to
exercise upon his action ; even under suph cir-
cumstances be falls a victim to the demor^]-
ination which tropical nature.^eerns. to.inflict
upon man.
Do, you w.ant any.furthpr addition to,.t,lie his-
torical experiences I have,stated ? Lpoli, Sen-
ators, at our. oyvn. country, r£her<e.is,not one
of us who is not perfectly acquainted with the
difference, which, existed, between, the. North
and the South before, dav^ry wa§ abolished,
and which e^ist yet. We wire l'ivjng under
the same political Constitution, the two sec-
tions of the country.w^re peopled by. the same
race, and yet while in tfje. Nqrtb.tlift, 4'gn'ty
of labor, asserted itself, with its, instincts and
impulses of enterprise, of eni.ightenmpn't, of
education, of social and political e<iuality0 of
a progressive civilization, of free government,
the South developed the rule by, force, of, the
strong over the weak, and a s,ocial and polit-
ical system in which the elevation of labor, the
peaceable friction pf opinion on all. mat-l-eri^ of
public interest, and,the tpndency to raise,, by
general education, all, classes, to the highest
attainable level, had. no place. And- tp this
was added a revolutionary tendency lurking
like a chronic disease. Is not that, so ?
You wjll say it was slavery. ' Yes, it was
slavery; but it was not slavery, alqne- The
North, too, had slavery once; but. the North
abolished it at an early day. Why ? Because
itvyag.not profitable there, is the. current-reply.
AYhy was it not profitable there? Simply "for
the reason that the conditions, apd circum-
stances of labor and production,in the, North
were not congenial to slavery, and ijaturally
developed a public se,ntimenM«id,a.scjcial sys-
tem hostile to the degradation of labprl
Mr. MORTON. AV.ijl the Senatpr.aJJow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. SCHUR^. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator, if. he, is
not conscious, now that he is restating the
arguments which were made in behalf of
slavery^ in the_ southern States for fifty years
before its abolition ?
Mr. SCHURZ. No, sir; lam not conscious
of that,
Mr. MORTON. Yes, the precise argu-
ments.
Mr. SCHURZ. I am not, repeating argu-
ments at all, but I am,stating liistorical'facts
which the Senator from Indiana is conscious
of not being able to deny. I state them for
the purpose of showing what dangerous ele-
ments and tendencies we shajl have to deal
with in San Domingo and other tropical pos-
sessions. AVhile slavery could not maintain
itself at^the North why did it maintain,itself
at the South? Simply because in a hotter
climate natural causes developed those pas-
sions and propensities of human nature which,
in the gratification of its appetites, lead to the
arbitrary employment of force in preference
to a just recognition of the rights of others.
That was the reason of it. Thus slavery was
after, all not the primary, but it was only an
intermediate cause of the difference that ex-
isted between northern and southern society^
That, primary cause lies deeper, and you will
see in,future developments that that primary
causeis working still.
I will not go into a disquisition on the polit-
ical events which brought on our great, civil
war. But I may say without fear of refutation
that our civil war was not a mere historical
accident, but a conflict between two different
currents of civilization developed under differ-
ent natural influences. And these different
currents have not ceased to run yet. We heard
it said not very long ago that Virginia and
North Carolina were in a very much vvorse
social and political condition than Mississippi,
Alabama, and Louisiana. It may l\ave appeared
so at some tirae; and yet it was so only in ap-
pearance. The time is not far distant when
jqu wjll the appliances and influences
