1871.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
637
therefrom whatever.pay he received for the j
game period, the said payment to be made j
from any money appropriated for the pay of
the Army.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PACKARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid oa the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
session roil DEBATE TO-JIOHROW.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask unanimous consent
that to-morrow be devoted to debate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, no business to be trans-
a°Mr.' KELSBY. Oh, no.
Mr. DAWES. Are there any gentlemen
desiring to speak?
Mr. RANDALL. I understand there are
twenty-live gentlemen on the Speaker's list
who'desire to speak: and unless such a session
be held they will be debarred from the oppor-
tunity.
Mr. DAWES. Will those gentlemen be pre-
pared to speak to morrow?
Mr. RANDALL. That I am not able to say.
Mr. SARGENT. The Indian appropriation
bill was made a special order nearly two weeks
ago, and I am extremely anxious the House
shall proceed with its consideration. I think
that to-morrow had better be devoted to the
consideration of that bill.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. DAWES. If my friend from California
[Mr. Sargent] desires to bring up the Indian
bill to-morrow, I have nothing to say; other-
wise 1 shall not object to the proposition of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.]
Mr. SARGENT. I do not insist on my
suggestion.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
arrangement suggested by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, that to-morrow the House shall
meet as iu Committee of the Whole for debate
only?
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mi. RANDALL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House has assigned to-mor-
row for debate only; and also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to proceed to the consideration of
the consular and diplomatic appropriation bill.
election contest—beard ys. corker.
Mr. PAINE. I aak unanimous consent to
offer resolutions for reference to the Commit-
tee of Elections.
The Clerk read the resolutions as follows:
Resolved, That in the contested-election ease of
Thomas P. Beard vs. Stephen A. Corker, from the
filth congressional district of Georgia, the said
Corker be required to answer the notice of the said
Heard that he ehal 1 contest his right to a seat in this
House from said district on or betoro the 20th day
of the present month.
Resolved, That rhe testimony in said case shall bo
taken before any United States commissioner in said
congressional district, in the manner now provided
by law for taking testimony in cases of contested
election ; that said commissioner shall bo author-
ized to subpena and compel the attendance before
him of any witnesses, and examino them in respect
to the said contested election: Provided, Tbat&uch
testimony shall bo taken at such tune an-1 place
as the commissioner may determine, and without
unnecessary delay; that the said contestant may
commence to take testimony oil the 112d day of the
present month; that the said returned member may
be allowed to commence to take testimony in rebut-
tal on the 6th day ot February next; and that the
said contestant may commonco to lake testimony m
reply on the 16th day of February next.
Resolved, That the evidence, with all papers relat-
ing to said case, shall be forwarded to the Speaker
of this House by the United States commissioner
before whom the evidence shall bo taken on the
18th <iiy ot February-next.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to these resolu-
tions; but I have no objection to their refer-
ence.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Why is not
Mr. Corker sworn in?
Mr. PAINE. I would like to make an ex-
planation.
Mr. RANDALL. I am perfectly willing to
hear the gentleman's explanation.
Mr. PAlNE. Of course I do not approve
of these resolutions; but I thought it proper
they should be referred to the Committee
of Elections for consideration. I would not
myself vote for them.
Mr. YOUNG. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kelsey] is on the floor on a motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Young] rises to a
question of the highest privilege.
The SPEAKER. A question of privilege
cannot take a gentleman from the floor. It
is for the House to decide whether it will agree
to the motion of the gentleman from New
York to go into Committee of the Whole. If
the motion be not agreed to the Chair will
recognize the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It is very
hard that a gentleman who has as much right
to a seat on this floor as anybody should be
excluded from the exercise of his rights.
The SPEAKER. For anything of that kind
the majority of the House is responsible, not
the Chair.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I understand
that.
Mr. PAINE. If there is objection to my
resolution I will withdraw it.
Mr. RANDALL. We do not object to the
reference of any resolution calling for exam-
ination.
Mr. PAINE. That is all I ask.
Mr. KERR. We do not object to ths refer-
ence of the resolutions, but we do object to
the reference of the case.
Mr. PAINE. This does not refer the case.
Mr. RANDALL. That is what I under-
stand. I do not wish the House to act until
the committee has reported.
Mr. KERR. There is no objection to the
reference of the resolutions.
The resolutions W®re referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were referred ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
.be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay of a member.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am directed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to submit the fol-
lowing report;
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the following communication from the Ser-
geant.-at-Arms to Hon. James(i. Blaine,Speaker of
the House of Representatives, with reference to the
payment to Hon. John Manning, jr., of his salary
as a member of this House—
House or B,epresf\t?ativf,s.
"Washington, D. C., December—, 1870.
Sir: Hon. James Manning, jr., Representative
from the fourth district of North Carolina, desires
to know when his pay as a member commences.
Mr. Manning was elected to fill a vacancy caused
by the death of Mr. Gillam, who had been elected to
fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Mr.
Dcweese, but died before taking his seat.
The question therefore arises whether the repre-
sentatives of Mr. Gillam are entitled to a portion of
the pay which has accrued since the date of Mr.
Deweese's resignation, or whether Mr. Manning
shall receive the full amount accrued since tie
vacancy occurred.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant
N. S. ORDWAY,
&kraennt-at-Armi House of Representatives,
Hon. J amr.p G. Blaine.
speaker of the House Jirpresentaitreg.
submit the following resolution, and recommend
its passage by the House:
Resolved, That tho Serjeant-at-Arms be, and fie
is hereby, instructed to pay to Mrs. Gillam, widow
1 of It. B. Gillam, deceased, elected to fill the vacancy
i occasioned by the resignation of John T. Deweese,
the salary allowed by law to members from the date
of said Deweese's resignation up to and including
the day of the decease of said Grillam for the sole
and separate use of said widow; and. that lie pay
to the said -Manning his salary from the date of
said Gillam's decease.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
consular, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. KELSEY. Pending the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of considering the
consular and diplomatic appropriation bill, I
tnove that all debate* on the pending para-
graph in the Committee of the Whole be closed
in fifteen minutes after its consideration shall
be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the motion that the rules be suspended and
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, for the
purpose of considering the consular and diplo-
matic appropriatiou bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Allison in the chair.) and
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
2689) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending June SO, 1872, and An-
other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending
paragraph was the following, on which debate,
by order of the House, was to be closed in
fifteen minutes :
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse
proper, and all contingent expenses of all missions
abroad, ¥100,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I desire to add but a single word to
what I said last night in a very much thinner
committee. The motion of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] is an endeavor to limit
the discretion of the President of the United
States in regard to the secret-service fund.
That, as I had the honor to submit last night,
is an anomaly in the history of this country.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
affirms that the amendment ought to pass
because, as he said, he was opposed to any
secrecy in the administration of the Govern-
ment. Therein he will find himself opposed to
the traditions of the Government. I need not
call the attention of a gentleman so well learned
in the history of the country as the gentleman
from New York to the fact that ths earlier ses-
sions of the Senate were all secret; not only
the executive, but all other sessions ; and that
the convention which framed our form of gov-
ernment also sat in secret. And there has been
found to be a necessity for a secret fund, and
for secrecy in its disposition.
Many years ago, daring the Mexican war,
General Scott had the disbursement of a secret-
service fund in carrying on the operations in
Mexico. The disposition of that fund had
always been held to be secret. But after his
unsuccessful candidature for the Presidency a
Democratic Congress called upon the Govern-
ment for a publication of the disbursements
made by General Scott in Mexico. Thereupon
a statement of those disbursements was pub-
lished. Among those disbursements was on
item of $10,000 paid to high Mexican officials.
And that disclosure, thus called for by Con-
gress, caused a revolution, or at least a pTO-
nunciamieuto in the neighboring republic of
Mexico.
