1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1463
The bill provides that there shall be iri the
. Department of Justice an .additional assist-
ant of the Attorney General, who shall be
appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and shall
•hold his office until a successor shall be duly
qualified, and who shall be paid the salary of
. other assistants of the Attorney General.
Mr. STEWART. • This officer is for the
Interior Department. The report of the Sec-
retary shows the necessity for it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
DEBTS Of* SOUTHERN' RAILROADS.
Mr. THAYER. I ask my honorable friend
from' California to yield to me 'for a few
_ minutes. I ask the Senate to proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 996, to pro-
vide for the collection of debts due from south-
ern railroad corporations, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. HARRTS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
-made, the bill cannot be considered at this
time.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. POME ROY. Let us have the regular
order. If we are ever going to finish the
appropriation bill let us commence it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas demands the regular order, and
the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill is now before the Senate.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 2524) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1872.
Mr. POilEROY. We have been eleven
days on this one appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no
amendment pending to the appropriation bill;
but the Senator from California [Mr. Cas-
seri.y] is enrit.led to the floor.
Mr. CASSERLY. I propose before I take
my seat to offer an amendment in regard to
so much of the bill as relates to the Bureau
of Education. Perhaps, regularly, 1 ought to
have done so before commencing my remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
speak upon the bill without an amendment
being offered; but it is better, of course, to
have the amendment before the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I propose to offer the
amendment before I take my seat. Among
other things, the amendment will propose to
substitute for the appropriation in the bill to
the Bureau of Education the appropriation of
last session.
Mr. CASSERLY resumed and concluded
his remarks on the subject of the appropria-
tions for the Bureau of Education. [Ili^ re-
marks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. THURMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I appeal to
the Senator from Ohio to allow this question
to be taken before the hour of half past two
o'clock shall have arrived, if the debate shall
become exhausted before that time.
Mr. THURMAN. I shall have no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I see no occa-
sion for our remaining here until half past two
o'clock for the sake of taking this question
after th« debate has been exhausted.
Mr. THURMAN. As far as 1 am concerned
I will consent to that. Mr. President, it is not
my purpose to occupy 
Mr. COLE, if we are to go on until half
past two o'clock will the Senator allow me
now, or when he is through, a few minutes
only to say a few words?
Mr. THURMAN. I shall not speak more
than five minutes, I think.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I appeal
to tbe Senate to change the hour for taking
the vote from half past two o'clock to two
o'clock.
Mr. STEWART. I object to that.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I shall
occupy but a few moments of the time of the
Senate, and rather for the purpose of entering
a protest on,this subject than of making an
argument. I have never yet heard any one
point out one line or one word in the Constitu-
tion of the United States that authorizes Con-
gress to take the subject of education in the
States under its control or into its charge. If
there is such a provision in the Constitution
it never has been pointed out as far asl know.
I find no such power, nor do I believe that any
such power ought to exist. I do not believe it
consistent with the welfare of the country; I do
not believe it to be consistent with the liberties
of the country that the subject of education
should be taken charge of by the Congress of
the United States. It properly belongs to the
States and to the people of the States; and it
would be, in my judgment, the worst possible
policy, the most dangerous policy, for Congress
to assume jurisdiction over that subject. The
only power granted to Congress in the Consti-
tution upon the subject of science is this:
" The Congress shall have power to promote the
progress of science and useful arts "—
How?
"by securing for limited times to authors and
inventors the exclusive right to their respective
writings and discoveries."
There is all the power you have over the
subject. It is not a power in general terms to
promote the progress of science' and useful
arts; but it is a power to promote it in one
particular way, and one particular way alone.
So that there is not only the absence of any
express power to take the subject of education
under your control, but there is that negative- :
pregnant, as lawyers call it, arising from the i
fact that you are specially authorized to do one ;
i| thing, which implies that you are not auihor- j
ll ized to do any other. j
!| Now, sir, this Bureau of Education which ;
ii first started out as a department, and which is •
;j intended for a department again, if those who
!! promote it can make it so, is not designed by
ii those who favor it to stop with the collection
li of statistics. There is no ground upon which
the law can now be sustained, unless it is that
!' Congress has power to colleot statistics to aid
ii Congress in its legislation. I grant that Con-
gress has the power to collect statistics in
|| reference to any subject over which Congress
has power of legislation; but I doubt very
|j much whether it has power to collect statistics
| in regard to a subject over which it has no
P power of legislation. Where it has power of
i! legislation, then as incidental to that power,
;! and as necessary to enable Congress to exer-
|. cise it intelligently, it may collect all tbe sta-
j! tistics that are necessary, and it may provide
j| for their collection by a bureau of statistics,
I; or any proper instrumentality it sees fit to
!i adopt; but where it has no jurisdiction over
]l a subject at all, I do not see that there can be
Ij any incidental right, even to collect statistics
ji in reference to it.
But if it be said that the extent of knowl-
1! edge in the country, the degree of education
of the people, is intimately connected with the
education which we are authorized to adopt,
then if that argument can be sustained, and
possibly it may, you may collect statistics in
regard to the information in the coHntry ; but
there you must stop ; that is all you bave any
right to do. The object is simply to collect
the materials of information which shall en-
able you to legislate correctly; and when you
have arrived at that you have the end of your
power.
The law establishing this bureau was framed
with that idea, that it was to be simply a bureau
of statistics on the subject of education. It is
true there is a provision for distributing the
information among the people, with a view to
the promotion of common schools, or to the
welfare of the common-school systems. I
doubt whether that should have been in the
law at all. I doubt whether it should have
gone one step further than to organize the
bureau for the purpose of collecting statistics
to enable Congress to legislate intelligently
upon such matters as should come before them.
Then if a very valuable report were made to
Congress we might print extra copies, just as
we do of any other valuable report; but that we
should establish a bureau, to be issuing its cir-
culars, to be giving instructions upon the sub-
ject of education, to educate the people, in other
words, much less that we should do what the
Commissioner proposes we should do, estab-
lish an American university here at Washing-
ton—not a college merely, but a university, a
collection and aggregation of colleges—for the
purpose of taking charge, or in any degree
taking charge of the education of the Ameri-
can -people, is a thing which in my judgment
Congress ought never to agree to.
What I rose chiefly to say is this: I know
very well that the law establishing this Bureau
of Education is a mere entering-wedge. We
have propositions to have departments upon
almost every subject; a department on this
subject and thai subject and the other subject,
multiplying departments and multiplying offi-
cials almost without limit. Some of those
might be very well, perhaps; but when you
come to a department of education, which
assumes that Congress is to take the educa-
tion of the people in its charge, then I desire
to enter my piotest at th« very outset, that
you have no power to do any such thing;
and therefore 1 want to say that, so far as my
feeble efforts can avail for the purpose, I shall
oppose extending the provisions of this law
now and hereafter one single iota.
I am willing, if it is the sense of Congress,
that the law may stand simply to enable us to
collect statistics; but, so far as undertaking
the education of the American people is con-
cerned, I deny the power of Congress over
the subject, and shall oppose it whenever it is
proposed.
It is not my purpose to say anything in
detail about the report of the Commissioner,
which has been drawn into this discussion. I
have not been able to read it with that care
which would enable me to criticise it, perhaps,
as intelligently as one ought to do before he
attempts to criticise it at all; but I have a
general impression that it is a very worthless
document. I have an impression, from look-
ing at it, that there is not one valuable thing
in it that is not already in print. A report
which simply copies by the page the reports
of superintendents of the common schools or
the commissioners of common schools in the
States, that simply picks them out and puts
them here iu the form of a report, and makes
a book in that way, with scissors and paste, is
not a very creditable production for the chief
educational officer of the United States of
Ameiica. I do not think this book is one
that a learned and intelligent American in
Europe would hand to any European as a
specimen of the education, the learning, and
the literature of America.
But it is not my purpose to go into that.
If the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Ax-
tboxy] shall ever press his resolution to print
extra copies of tlie report, then will be the
proper time to examine the report more iu
detail. All that I wish to say I have already
said, and that is, that if this bureau is to be a
mere bureau for collecting statistics I am will-
ing to let it alone, if such be its object; but
whenever there is any attempt made to build
up a great department of education, and take
the education of the American people into the
hands of Congress, then I am bound to oppose
it, because you have no right to do any such
thing, and it would be nothing but evil if you
had.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to know what
the question before the Senate is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
pexteb in the chair.) If no further amend-
