30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 11,
Senate.
Annexation of San Domingo—Mr. Schurz.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Latin cross-breeds, that hybrid population,
which propagates itself and flourishes there.
They will, therefore, if we may judge from the
past, remain the prevailing element.
Now, whatever means and remedies you may
devise—emigration, education, or whatever
else—you will in all probability not be able
seriously to change the characteristics of the
people inhabiting the American tropics, and
they will remain the assimilating force. And
here I desire to claim the attention of my friend
from Indiana for a moment, for I am going to
allude to a remark he made the other day in
this debate. He said to us that the people of
San Domingo would easily fuse with our polit-
ical system, for the simple reason that they
were our friends and wanted to be annexed,
and that that process would be infinitely more
easy than the absorption of the Canadian peo-
ple, if the English possessions on this conti-
nent were annexed, for the reason that the
Canadians during the war had been our ene-
mies, had been sympathizing with the South,
and at the present moment entertained any
but kind feelings toward Americans.
• Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to correct him ?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I did not say anything
about their sympathizing with our enemies
during the war. The Senator is in error in
regard to that.
Mr. SCHURZ. Well, I take the Senator's
word for it. But that point is immaterial.
Mr. MORTON. What I spoke about was
■the inclination of the Canadians to be annexed.
I meant to intimate that we were deluding our-
selves on that subject, that they were further
from annexation now, that there was less an-
nexation feeling in Canada now, than there
was thirty years ago.
Mr. SCHURZ. Do I understand the Sena-
tor to deny that he said in the debate the other
day that the people of San Domingo would
much easier become Americans and be fused,
or something to that effect, with our political
system, than the Canadians, because the latter
cherished sentiments unkind to us?
Mr. MORTON. I referred to the fact that
the tendency toward annexation in Canada
had diminished instead of increased ; that the
people of Dominica, and of all the West India
islands, referring particularly to Cuba and
Porto Rico, were now our friends ; that the
great body of them desired annexation, and
that they would readily adopt our institutions.
So far as the institutions of Canada are con-
cerned, the body of the law is very similar to
ours; but in speaking of consolidation and
Absorption I referred to the people of the
Isiands. But speaking of the desire for an-
nexation, I said Canada was further from it
than it was thirty years ago; and so I say now.
Mr. SCHURZ. Very well; I understood
•the Senator to say that the assimilation of the
Canadian population would be more difficult
than the assimilation of the Dominican popu-
lation. I am very glad he did not make that
remark, for I was going to observe that, Con-
sidering that the people of Canada speak the
same language, have the same habits, social
and political, have the same common law, the
same traditions, the same ways of thinking,
.almost the same experience of self-govern-
ment., if we annex thetn to-day they would be
■good Americans and republicans to-morrow.
■On the other hand, if the people of the West
India islands even desired at this moment
annexation it does not have the least effect
iiipon their capability of being assimilated with
us, of being absorbed by our population, of
being fitted for our institutions, any more than
if they were ever so hostile to us. The main
question would remain absolutely the same.
Well then, sir, assuming that we are to annex
those islands, San Domingo, Cuba, and Porto
Rico, the West Indies, and possibly the con-
tinent also down to the isthmus of Darien, I
ask you what will you do with them ? Will you
govern those countries as provinces, as colo-
nies, dependencies? Will you make satrapies
of them ? Do you not consider that that
would be a thing entirely foreign to our
political system ? And what would be the
consequence ? You might leave those posses-
sions for a time in a territorial condition ; but
reduce this to a permanent system, or merely
continue it ten years, and the satrapies you
erect will be so many nurseries of rapacity,
extortion, plunder, oppression, and tyranny,
which will, with the certainty of fate, demor-
alize and corrupt our political life beyond any
degree yet conceived of, and impart to our
Government a military character most destruct-
ive of its republican attributes. That plan,
then, cannot be thought of.
What, then, are you going to do with those
countries and people? You must at last ad-
mit them as States, such as they are, upon an
equal footing with the States you represent;
you must admit them as States, not only to
govern themselves, but to take part in the
government of the common concerns of the
Republic. Have you thought of it, what this
means ? Let us carry the business to its final
consummation. Imagine "manifest destiny" to
have swallowed up Mexico also ; and you will
not be able to stop when you are once on the
inclined plane. And then fancy ten or twelve
tropical States added to the southern States
we already possess; fancy the Senators and
Representatives of ten or twelve millions of
tropical people, people of the Latin race mixed
with Indian and African blood; people who, as
I already have stated, have neither language,
nor traditions, nor habits, nor political insti-
tutions, nor morals in common with us ; fancy
them sitting in the Halls of Congress, throwing
the weight of theirintelligence, their morality,
their political notions and habits, their preju-
dices and passions, into the scale of the desti-
nies of this Republic; and, what is more, fancy
the Government of this Republic making itself
responsible for order and security and repub-
lican institutions in such States, inhabited
by such people ; fancy this, and then tell me,
does not your imagination recoil from the
picture?
1 ask you, sir, did I overstate anything? Are
not the consequences of the step that is con-
templated just as I pointed them out? Did I
state a single fact—and as I see the Senator
from Indiana before me I may address that
question personally to him—did I state a single
historical fact which he is able to deny?
Mr. MORTON. -I think so.
Mr. SCHURZ. Which?
Mr. MORTON. If I have an opportunity I
will tell the Senator several which 1 can deny
very successfully.
Mr. SCHURZ. Well, sir, the Senator has
that opportunity now; he had that opportunity
all the time, but I have not heard the denial
yet, and I doubt whether it will ever come,
and upon what authority it will rest. But
until it comes, I have a right to ask you, sir,
is it not well for us to ponder well before we
take a step of such tremendous importance?
Our semi tropical States we have. Thank
heaven and the great spirit of the American
people—and I claim the attention of the Sen-
ator froin Indiana again—thank heaven we
have abolished slavery there in spite of the
natural influences which seemed to be working
in its favor ; and I trust the attempt will never
be made to reestablish it. And if the Senator
from Indiana ever misunderstood my feelings
in that respect, I will console him with the
solemn assurance that he would no more zeal-
ously struggle against it than I.
Mr. MORTON. 1 desire to say to my friend
that I do not distrust his purpose or distrust
his hostility to slavery ; but I do desire to
say to him that every argument he has made
goes to show that it was wrong to abolish
slavery in the South and especially in the
West Indies.
Mr. SCHURZ. No, sir ; that is a miscon-
struction of what I said. I did not argue that
the abolition of slavery was wrong there, for
the abolition of a great wrong cannot be a
wrong anywhere. But I did say that the
organization of labor by which it was sought to
develop the resources of those tropical coun-
tries ran in the direction of slavery, and that
this tendency is characteristic of tropical lati-
tudes. I challenged the Senator from Indi-
ana to deny it and he failed. I stated facts aa
such : ugly facts, which I deplore, but facts; I
did not argue a theory ; and 1 said further, and
I repeat it again, that rather than reintroduce
any organization of labor in the remotest de-
gree akin to slavery anywhere I would much
rather and with gladness abandon the enjoy-
ment of any and all of the tropical luxuries
which we are now so fond of enjoying. The
question of freedom or slavery stands far above
the question of coffee or no coffee. But what-
ever our feelings may be they do not alter the
facts of history which I have stated, nor do
they neutralize the natural influences under
which those facts have arisen.
Sir, our semi-tropical States we have, and
we must keep them ; it is a continental neces-
sity ; and I indulge in the fond hope that a
wise policy will mitigate the evils existing and
troubles still brewing there. But do these evils
not impose problems upon us sorely taxing our
ingenuity and violently straining the elasticity
of our institutions? Can we multiply these
disturbing elements with impunity? I asked
you once, Senators, and I repeat the question,
have we not enough with one South? Can we
afford to buy another one? Are there not dis-
turbing elements enough in this country that
we should artificially increase them ? Is there
not a mass of ignorance great enough here that
we should by such means try still further to
augment and accumulate it?
Again I ask, have we not enough with one
nursery of trouble and embarrassment, and
should we squander the money of the people
to purchase leu more?
Sir, what are the inducements that,are offered
to us in this insane bargain? Do we really
need the West India islands? I read in the
President's messageof a great calamity, which
consists in not possessing San Domingo. How
fortunate is it that, the people of the United
States were so happily insensible of their dis-
tress, so entirely unconscious of their calam-
itous privation I They do not seem to feel the
want of San Domingo at all. Did you ever
hear a voice in the country clamoring for the
annexation of those islands before the treaty
was presented to the Senate ? Notone. What
the people of this country desire under exist-
ing circumstances is to develop the resources
of their own country; to get rid of the bur-
dens of taxation that are imposed upon them ;
to increase their prosperity athoine ; and 1 have
still to hear of the first voice in favor of the
annexation of San Domingo that was raised
before the treaty of purchase was negotiated.
What other inducement, then? Wealth.
True, those^countries are rich. And here let
me claim the attention of the Senator from
Indiana again, for I desire to tell him now why
I made that argument and stated those facts
which seem to have alarmed him so much con-
cerning my anti-slavery sentiments. With
the principles we cherish, and which I trust
we shall never abandon, if we should go to San
Domingo and attempt to develop her resources,
those gorgeous visions of wealth, of untold
millions to be gained every year, will soon turn
out to be somewhat airy. That is what I desired
to suggest to him. The greater the opportune-
