1464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
ment be offered, the question is on ordering
the amendments to be engrossed and the bill
to be read a third time.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to move the
amendment that I gave notice of. I was so
much put out by the amount of time I had
taken that I forgot to move it when I sat down.
Mr. SAWYEU. I assume that the Senator
is about to move to strike out the appropri-
ation for the Bureau of Education. Am I
correct?
Mr. CASSEELY. I am about to move, as
an amendment, the appropriation of last ses-
sion in identical terms.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, the ques-
tion, then, being on reducing the appropria-
tion which has been recommended by the
committee, from $26,500 to about fourteen
thousand dollars, I suggest that the Senator
from California has made one of the ablest
arguments in favor of the report of the com-
mittee that could possibly be made. With an
acumen in which few men surpass him, he has
shown us the great defects of this report to
be a want of proper digestion of the material
which it contains; that it is crude, a mere
rehash of reports from various educational
authorities; and he says it is very well paid
ior at $14,000. The precise reason for raising
this appropriation this year is to place in the
bands of the proper officer of the Government
such clerical force that he will be enabled
to give us, when he has* occasion to present
another document of this kind, a report which
does what the Senator from California desires
to have done, and that 13, to present a well-
digested report which embodies results rather
than details, which gives the final conclusions
at which he has been enabled to arrive by a
consideration of this great variety of matters
which is submitted to his inspection and exam-
ination : and then the Senator from California
will not be redueed to the painful necessity of
making a two or three hours' speech next year
in criticising the results of the labors of the
Commissioner of Education.
But, Mr. President, I assume, notwithstand-
ing the criticisms which the Senator from Cali-
fornia has given us, that it is a pretty clever
reoort after all; for when a gentleman of his
acuteness has to search page after page and
almost quire after quire to find single lines
upon the language of which he is obliged to
criticise and comment; when he does not go
to the substance of the book at all, but to the
mere accident of the expressions which some
of the persons whose language is there quoted
have used, I assume it is because there were
no radical faults in the book which would
justify the attack he has seen fit to make.
To show the spirit in which the Senator has
chosen to criticise this book, I beg to call at-
tention for a moment to one of his criticisms.
He lias referred to about a page of small type 011
the fifty-fourth and fifty fifth pages of the book
as to the Government institutions in France
affecting the industrial classes. He has called
attention to some discussion there of an insti-
tution for children of extremely tender years,
of an institution for the education of children
of both sexes from two to seven years of age,
and then for children a little older, &c. He
asks, what has this to do with common-school
education? And he assumes that it is put in
here without the slightest relevance to the
subject of which the book treats. Now, it is
introduced by the Commissioner with these
words:
"As showing the extent to'which efforts are made
by a modification of the regular school system, and
by the establishment of schools of a peculiar char-
acter to accommodate the laboring and depressed
classes in Europe, I introduce the following extract
from the reports of her Majesty's diplomatic and
consular agents abroad, respecting the condition of
the industrial classes in foreign countries in 1870."
He has been speaking of the necessity of
special provision lor special classes of chil-
dren, and he quotes very properly, entirely
appositely, the things which have been done in
other countries with the same object in view.
So far from its being a fair criticism which
has been made in this regard by the Senator
from California, it seems to me quite the oppo-
site. If the Senator bad stated the purpose
for which the Commissioner had inserted that
extract the Senate would at once have -seen
the relevancy of the quotation to the subject-
matter in hand. He chose rather to take out
general condition of the colored schools under
the supervision of the Freedmen's Bureau,
and the general condition of education among
the Indians. These two classes of people
especially are, in one sense, the wards of the
Government. It was proper that the Com-
missioner of Education should treat tf'pon the
condition of education among those races.
He has then given us a paper upon what is
here and there a passage which seemed, in the jl called the Kindergarten culture, a system of
education which has been extensively intro-
duced in Germany; which promises to do for
children what almost no other system has been
able to do. He has then given us a very learned,
carefully written, instructive essay upon the
principles which have governed Hebrew edu-
cation ; apd to any one who is familiar with the
thoroughness with which the Hebrews educate
their children, and with the in general very
satisfactory results which have folfowed the
adoption of the system they have so long pur-
sued, no apology for its introduction here will
1 be necessary. Then here is a small space given
to the education of the deaf and dumb. Cer-
tainly that subject is worthy of some notice in
making np the statistics of education in f.his
country. Then conne papers on " educational
connection which he choose to give it in his
speech, to have 110 proper place in this volume;
and I assert that his criticism on the selection
of topics in this volume, when examined
through-and through, wili prove to be anything
but an impartial statement of its contents.
Now, Mr. President, itis proper to state that
the Commissioner of Education, who compiled
this report, went into office at a late period, I
think about the close of the last session of
Congress; that he had to eompress into the
last quarter .of the year all the labors which
would naturally be distributed over the entire
year; that he had to do his work with a paltry
clerical force and with an insufficient appro-
priation. The $14,000 which was appropri-
ated in the bill of last year must be made to  „ _ . . „
pay the expenses of the bureau for the year 1 progress in England," on education in.Bengal,
ending June SO, 1871. The $26,500 which ii in Austria, in Australia, in Ecuador. The Sen-
  ator has told us that these subjects have noth-
j ing to do with common-school education in
the committee propose by this bill to appro
priate will be used to meet its expenses for
the entire year beginning with the 1st of July,
1871, and ending with the 30th of Juue, 1872.
The Senator, in a similar spirit to that which !
governed his criticisms on the report gen- j
erallv, would apparently .have the Senate un- .
derstand that the $14,000 was appropriated i
and used for only half a year. Every Senator !
should know that such is not the fact. .
The Senator has seen fit to go over the ex- I
tracts from the Massachusetts school reports,
occupying several pages of this report, and
he has culled out here and there a platitude, ;
forsooth, or a truism; and he has given the ,
dignity of a senatorial comment 011 a line here ;
and there, written, perhaps, by some obscure I
individual of some school district in Massa- '
chusetts, and though not always new, nor
expressed with force or elegance, containing, i
nevertheless, some sound truths. Doubtless !
in the twelve or fifteen pages that are quoted j
there from the educational reports of Massa- 1
chusetts there are several things which the
Senator knew, before; there are several things
which the whole v/orjd, perhaps, have known
for a great while. But I ask him what speech
delivered 011 this floor'what document pub-
lished by any bureau officer of this Govern-
ment, would not be susceptible of similar com-
ment, if the spirit to comment thus existed in
| the mind of any Senator?
| This book should not be judged in this spirit,
j It should be valued by its contents as a whole,
j We should not be peering about here and there
i with magnifying glasses to find, perchance,
j some platitude or truism which may perhaps
1 have escaped the scissors of the compiler of
j this vast amodnt of statistical information.
The book is full of valuable information, and
the United States. Why, Mr. President, this
bureau was established—
" For the purpose of collecting sueh statistics and
facts as shall show the condition and progress of
education in the several States and Territories, and
of diffusing such information respecting the organ-
ization and management of schools aud school sys-
tems, and methods of teaching asshallaid the people
ot the United States in the establishment and main-
tenance of efficient school systems, and otherwise
promote the cause of education throughout the
country."
If the Commissioner of Education has been
able to find in the educational system of Eng-
land, of Bengal, of Austria, of Ecuador, of
New Zealand, or even of China, facts which
would be useful in the United States, I am
willing, as my friend is not, to go there to look
for them.
The Senator has chosen to sneer at the fact
that medical education has been treated of in
this report. There is a very small space given
to the statistics merely of medical education
in the United States. They might have been
left out, and perhaps the omission to place
them there would not have been a serious
injury to the book; but they do 110 harm, it
is not an enormous expense to print in this
report the statistics regardiug medical educa-
tion in the United States. Those statistics
have an interest for a very large class of our
people, and their publication is not half so
expensive as the printing of a three hours'
speech in the Globe.
Again, Mr. President, there is an article on
the normal schools of the United States. Was
it not proper to give the facts about these nurse-
ries of teaching? There is also an account
of the proceedings of educational conventions.
The Senator has seen fit to sneer also at the
j the only reason why it is not what the Senator proceedings of educational conventions ; but
~ ---- - - - 11 let me tell him that that great authority whom
he has quoted with so much respect, Horace
Mann, had some opinion of the value ot edu-
cational conventions. That great man (and
every other man who has been entitled to the
name of an educator or a friend of education
in this country) entertained a high opinion
of the value of educational conventions; and
let me tell the Senator that the great advance
which lias been made in the educational sys-
tems of the United States has not come so
much from the efforts of Horace Mann and
similar men, though they have done a noble
work, as it has come from the efforts of school-
mistresses and schoolmasters who have labored
for perhaps twenty or thirty dollars a month;
men and women who have assembled in edu-
cational conventions and there interchanged
thoughts,compared systems, and matured plans
from California and every Senator here de>
sires that it should be is because of tho stingy
appropriation which we made last year; be-
cause, instead of $14,000, the Commissioner
did not have twice as much money to spend in
collecting, collating, and tabulating statistics
which are necessary to make up this report.
It is but necessary to call attention to the tabie
of contents in this volume, to see what subjects
it treats upon and how. important they are in
view of the objects which were proposed to be
accomplished when this bureau was estab-
lished.
What are the contents of the-volume? First,
there is the report of the Commissioner him-
self, being eighty pages of well-digested, care-
fully written, and excellently conceived matter.
Then there is an appendix containing a large
amount of matter. There is a statement of the
