1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Annexation of San Domingo—Mr. Schurz.
Senate.
ties of gain may appear to the greedy specu-
lator invading that country the greater will be
the temptation to encroach upon the rights of
the laborer to develop those resources. That is
what I as a man and a citizen of the American
Republic am opposed to. Whether means can
be discovered to develop them fully without
encroaching upon the rights of the laboring
man I know not; but they are not found yet;
and until they are we shall have to choose
between a tyrannical policy, hostile to the great
principles upon which this Republic now stands,
on one side, and great disappointments on the
other. Is this an alternative we should be
eager to buy with money?
Moreover, Senators, did you consider what
the dangers connected with tropical wealth
are, and how precarious is its possession?
Can you point out to me a single nation that
grew and remained rich by tropical wealth?
Look at France. France possessed the island
of San Domingo, and we are told wonders of
the many millions French proprietors drew
annually from the soil of the island. What
has become of that wealth? All the millions
ever gained there out of it, and more too—per-
haps twice, three times as many—were swal-
lowed up by a few years of war on that very
island.
Mr. MORTON. What do you say to
England and India?
Mr. SCHURZ. I am going to speak of
India. India is not, properly speaking, a col-
ony; it is an empire. Do you want to rule
the West India islands as England rules
India?
Mr. MORTON'. That is not the question.
Mr. SCHURZ. I know. But let me tell
the Senator from Indiana that we have had in
India but one symptom of the storms which are
brewing, one puff of smoke from the volcano
which may break out at any moment there.
Does he forget the Sepoy insurrection? Does
he not know that worse things than happened
then may happen any day again ? I was going
to speak of India without being reminded of
it. England has not seen the last days yet of
her Indian dominion, and the Senator is cer-
tainly not prepared to assert that the wealth
which is gained from India will not be con-
sumed again by the conflagrations for which
the fuel lieg already mountain high.
Mr. MORTON. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. The question of the Sen-
ator was : what country had drawn wealth or
grown rich from tropical possessions? I might
refer him to the possessions that England has
in India, and from which she has drawn count-
less millions, I might say billions of wealth, for
the lastone hundred and twenty five years. I
might further say that the Anglo-Saxon race
have not failed in India. While about one
half or two thirds of India, perhaps, is within
the tropics, yet nearly all of India has a trop-
ical climate and tropical productions; but the
vigor of the Anglo-Saxon race in that country
is such that a few thousand or a few hundred
thousand govern two hundred and fifty millions
of native Hindoos.
Mr. SCHURZ. I am very glad to hear the
Senator make that statement, for I was going to
come to that point myself. He has merely
anticipated me. I was pointing out to him
that England has not yet seen the last days
of her India dominion, and when finally the
balance shall be cast he cannot foretell where
will be the profit and where the loss.
But the Senator says that England has not
failed in India. In what has it not failed ? It
has not failed in starting and carrying on a
rapacious tyranny. Does the Senator call that
success? It is the kind of success character-
istic of tropical latitudes. Is it the kind of
success the Senator desires to achieve in the
American tropics? Is it the kind of rule he
desires us to succeed in establishing over the
West India islands? Yes; England has riot
failed in India in extorting with an iron hand
from the laboring masses by force, illy if at
all disguised, .the fruits of their labor. But
has England succeeded in developing there the
blessings of free government ? It has not even
attempted it.
Mr. MORTON. Will my friend allow me
to say that he evades the point? His proposi-
tion was that Anglo-Saxons had failed from
deterioration in tropical climates and that they
had never drawn wealth from tropical posses-
sions. Now he refers to the form of govern-
ment. That was not the proposition which
he made and to which I replied.
Mr. SCHURZ. I do not think that the Sen-
ator from Indiana desires to misrepresent me.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly not at all.
Mr. SCHURZ. But most certainly he does
so at the present moment. What I was prov-
ing was this: that whenever the Anglo-Saxon
race went into a tropical climate it did fail to
establish those institutions which we are here
enjoying upon our soil; and if there is a glar-
ing proof of it he will find that proof in the
very country of which he now is speaking—
India; fori repeat there never was a more
rapacious despotism than the one carried on
in that country. There never was a more
heartless and more unscrupulous practice to
wring from the hands of a subjugated people
the fruits of their labor. Is it not so?
Mr. MORTON. That was not the fault of
the climate.
Mr. WARNER. If the Senator from Mis-
souri will allow me, before he gets away from
this point,, I should like to ask him a question
in perfect good faith and for information.
Mr. SCHURZ. Very well.
Mr. WARNER. I understand the Senator
to say that the material prosperity of the West
Indies has been in a large degree destroyed by
the abolition of slavery. I understand him to
maintain, and we all know that he does main-
tain very firmly, that slavery was a wrong.
Now, 1 should like to ask him this—and I
wish his explanation—how it occurs in the
economy of a wise Providence that the aboli-
tion of a wrong works to the injury of the
people?
Mr. SCIIURZ. I suppose the Senator from
Alabama, who is a pious man, does certainly
not expect me to go behind those mysterious
reasons upon which the decrees of Providence
rest. I do not take upon myself that office.
I was merely stating facts, and I desire the
Senator from Alabama to tell me whether he
denies those facts. I attempted their explan
ation. I said that, as a matter of experience,
whenever the attempt was made at organizing
labor under a tropical climate for the purpose
of realizing large gains the tendency was to
do it in a manner inconsistent with the free-
dom of labor, while, on the other hand, there
was a tendency to shiftlessness, when labor
was left entirely to itself. Does the Senator
deny it?
Mr. WARNER. The Senator does not an-
swer my question, but asks me one. Still I will
answer it. I think what he calls the destruction
of the material prosperity of the West India
islands has been but a temporary suspension.
We had a fair illustration of it in the South,
where the abolition of slavery did for a time
suspend material development, but we have
seen in the past year, made by free labor, de-
spite of all the difficulties in our way, and the
fact of the withdrawal of perhaps one third of
the actual laboring population, a cotton product
equal to the average product before the war;
and that I think will eventually be the result in
the West Indies.
Mr. SCHURZ. I am sure the Senator from
Alabama does not impute to me the opinion
that in our southern States successful labor
is inseparably united with slavery, in the first
place.
Mr. WARNER. Certainly not.
Mr. SCHURZ. In the second place, I am
sure the Senator will not assert that the south-
ern States of this Union are in a tropical lati-
tude, and that people there labor under the
same circumstances and natural influences
under which they labor in San Domingo, Cuba,
and Jamaica. Does he?
Mr. WARNER. No.
Mr. SCHURZ. Very well, then ; that case
is disposed of. [Laughter'.] But I come back
to the assertion made by the Senator from
Indiana. He asks, has the-Anglo-Saxon race
degenerated in India? I say it has; and it is
a notorious fact that it is continually doing so.
We learn that the soldiers who are sent to
India are relieved now every six or eight years
because the former theory that they could be-
kept in the best state of health by acclimatiza-
tion has been abandoned, and it is now found,
that it is best to withdraw them from time to-
time and send fresh men there, because in their
full vigor the latter can endure the influences
of the climate much better than if they live
there longer. It is also a notorious fact that
the descendants of English people born in India
and remaining there are degenerating about as
much as they are on the West India islands.
Mr. MORTON. The British do not enlist
their soldiers for more than six years gener-
ally to serve anywhere.
Mr. SCHURZ. They serve a long time, I
think.
Mr. MORTON. They may reenlist.
Mr. SCHURZ. At any rate, the practice with
regard to service in India is as I have stated.
I have seen these things discussed in English
newspapers and periodicals. But, however that
may be, it is not denied that the descendants
of Englishmen, born in India, and remaining
under the influences of that climate, do degen-
erate. No well-informed man will deny it.
I was, 1 believe, interrupted when I was ar-
guing that tropical wealth is a very deceptive
possession. I was stating that France had,
indeed, drawn a great many millions from the
fields of San Domingo, aud that all it had
gained was swallowed up by a short period of
war—armies, vessels, money, men, and all.
We know also that Spain derived great gains
from her West Indian possessions; yes, her
colonies made her once the richest nation on
the globe. Where is her gold now? Sunk
where it was found. Why, bat a few years ago
the attempt to repossess San Domingo cost her
$40,000,000 and ten thousand soldiers. And
is not the wealth which Spain has derived from
Cuba about being consumed now in revolution-
ary convulsions?
And, sir, must I refer you to our own coun-
try ? Here we had our semi-tropical staple,
cotton. What a mine of wealth! We boast-
ingly counted it by hundreds and thousands of
millions. Do you know what it has cost u$ in?
four years of war ? Half a million of our sons;
eight thousand millions of money. Is our mem-
ory so short that we should forget it? But you
may say that all. that arose from slavery and
despotism. Possibly it did, but the tropical
sun will breed attempts at despotism. And
look at the tropical countries in which there is
no slavery now. Look at Mexico, look at Sait
Domingo, at Hayti, at the Central American
republics, and compare the development of
their resources and the wealth that is produced
with the cost of the continual civil convulsions
going on there. Draw the balance. Do those
countries grow rich?
What other inducement is there? It is said
that San Domingo is offered cheap. Cheap,
sir! If we could have the island for nothing,
and twenty millions to boot, I would consider
it a ruinous bargain.
