640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL'OBE.
January 20,
ond proceedings of the Legislative Assembly herein-
after constituted, and all the acts and proceedings
of the Governor in his executive department, lie
shall transmit one eopy of the laws and journals of
the Legislative Assembly within thirty days after
the end of each session, and one copy of the execu-
tive proceedings and official correspondence semi-
annually, on the 1st day of January and July in each
year, to the President of the United States, and four
copies of the laws to the President of the Senate and
to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, for
the use of Congress. And in case of the death, re-
moval. resignation, disability, or absence of the Gov-
ernor from the District, the secretary shall be, and
he is hereby, authorized and required to execute and
perform all the powers and duties of tho Governor
during such vacancy, disability, or absence, or until
another Governor shall be duly appointed and qual-
ified to fill such vacancy. And in case the offices of
Governor and secretary shall both become vacant,
the powers, duties, and emoluments of the office of
Governor shall devolve upon the presiding officer
of the council; and in case that office shall also be
vacant, upon the presiding officer of the house of
representatives, until the office shall be filled by a
new appointment.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That legislative
power and authority in said District shall be vested
in a Legislative Assembly, as hereinafter provided.
The Legislative Assembly shall consist of a council
andhouseofrepresentatives. Thecouncilshall con-
sist of eleven members, having the qualifications of
voters, as hereinafter prescribed, whoso term of ser-
vice shall continue two years. The house of repre-
sentatives shall consist of twenty-two mcmbeis, pos-
sessing the same qualifications as prescribed for the
members of the council, whose term of scrviee shall
continue oneyear. An apportionmentshall bemado,
as nearly equal as practicable, into eleven districts,
for the appointment of the council, and into twenty-
two districts for the election of representatives, giv-
ing to each section of tho District representation in
tho ratio of its qualified voters, as nearly as may be
And the members of tho council and of the houso of
representatives shall resido in and bo inhabitants
of tho districts from which' they are appointed or
elected, respectively. Tho first election for Gov-
ernor, secretary, and members of tho house of rep-
resentatives shall be held at such time, within sixty
days from the passage of this aot.and at such places,
and ho conducted in such manner, both as to the
persons who shall superintend such election and the
returns thereof, as tho Governor shall appoint and
direct. And the persons having tho highest num-
ber of legal votcH for tho house ofrepresentatives in
each of said representative distiieis, respectively,
shall be declared by the Govornor to bo duly elected
members ot said house: Provided, That in ease two
or more persons voted for shall have an equal num-
ber oi votes for tho same oiliee, or if a vacancy shall
occur in the houso of representatives, tho Governor
shall order a now election. And tne persons thus
appointed and clectcd to the Legislative Assembly
shall meet at such time and at such place as the
Governor shall Appoint; hut thereafter the time,
place, and manner of holding and conducting all
elections by the people, and the formation of the
districts for members of the council and house of
representatives, shall bo prescribed by law, as well
as tho day of the commencement of tho regular ses-
sions of tho Legislative Assembly; Provided, That
no session m any one year shall exceed the term of
sixty days, except the first session, which may con-
tinue one hundred days.
Skc, 0. And be itfurther enacted, That all malo citi-
zens of tho united States above tho age of twenty -
one years, who shall have been actual residents of
saul District lor twelve months prior to the first
election, except such as arcwoa compos mentis and
persons convicted of infamous crimes, shall be enti- *
tied to vote at said election, m tho oleetion district
or precinct m which he shall then reside, and shall
have so resided for thirty days prior lo said election, I
and sualI ho eligible to any office within tho said
District, but the Legislative Assembly shall have no
right to abridge or 1 tinit the right of suffrage.
SEC. 7. And be it futther enacted, That no person
who has been or hereafter shall be convicted of
bribery, perjury, or other infamousorime, nor any i
person who has been or may be a collector or holder !
ot public moneys who shall not have accounted tor
and paid ove.r according to law, all such moncysduo
rom hun, shall be eligible to the Legislative Assem-
bly oi to any office ol profit or trust in said District.
&KC. o: And be u further enacted, That members of
the Legislative Assembly before they enter upon thoir
official duties shall take and subscribe the following
oa th or a format ion: " I do solemnly swear (or aihrm)
that 1 will support the Constitution of tho United
States and will faithfully discharge the duties of the
othcc upon which X am about'to enter, and that I
have not knowingly or intentionally paid orcontub-
uted anything or made any promise in the natureof
& bribe to directly or indirectly influence any voleat
the election at which I was chosen to fill the said
ofhco, and.have not accepted, nor will I accept, or
receive, directly or indirectly, any money or other
valuable thing lor any vote or influence that I may I
give or withhold on any bill, resolution, or appro- '
pi iation, or tor any other official act." Any member
who snail rejuso to take the oath herein prescribed
MiaiUuiieit. his ollice, and ovoiy person who shall be
convicted of having sworn falsely to or of violating
hu  said oath shall forfeit his ofhee and bo disquali-
fied thereafter fiom holding any office of profit or
trust id said District.
AnAke it further enacted. That a majority
Legislative Assembly appointed or elected to
each house shall constitute a quorum. Th© house
of representatives shall be the judge of election re-
turns and qualifications of its members. Each house
shall determine the rules of its proceedings, and
shall choose its own officers. The secretary of the
council shall call the council to order at theopening
of each new assembly; and the secretary of the Dis-
trict shall call the house of assembly to order at the
opening of ea«h new Legislative Assembly, and shall
preside over it until a temporary presiding officer
shall have been chosen and shall have taken his
seat. No member shall be expelled hy either house
except by a vote of two thirds of all the members
appointed, or elected to that house. Each house may
punish by imprisonment any person not a member
who shall be guilty of disrespect to the house by dis-
orderly or contemptuous behavior in its presence;
but no such imprisonment shall extend beyond
twenty-four hours atone time. Neither houseshall,
without the consent of the other, adjourn for more
than two days, or to any other place than that in
which such house shall be sitting. At the request
of any member, the yeas and nays shall be taken
upon any question and entered uponthejournal.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That bills may
originate in either house, but may be altered,
amended, or rejected by tho other; and on the final
passage of all bills the vote shall be by yeas and
nays upon each bill separately, and shall be entered
upon the journal, and no bill shall become a law
without the concurience of a majority of the mem-
bers elected to each house.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That every bill
shall be read at large on three different days in each
house. No act shall embrace more than one subject,
and that shall he expressed in its title; but if any
subject nhall be embraced in an act which shall not
be expressed in the title, such act shall be void only
as to so much thereof as shall not be. so expressed in
the title; and no act of the Legislative Assembly shall
take ellect until thirty days after its passage, unless
in caso of emergency (which emergency shall bo
expressed in the preamble or body of tho act) the
Legislative Assembly shall, by a vote of two thirds of'
all tho members appointed or elected to each house,
otherwise direct.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That no money
shall bo drawn from the treasury of tho D:,triet
exccpt in puisuance of an appropriation made by
law, and no bill making appropiiations for the pay
or salaries of tho officers of the District government
shall contain any provision on any other subject.
Sec. 13. And beit further enacted. That each Legis-
lative Assembly shall provide for all the appropria-
tions necessary for the ordinary and contingent ex-
penses of tho government of the District until the
expiration of the fust fiscal quarter after the ad-
journment of the next regular session, tho aggregate
amount of which shall not be increased without a
vote of two thirds of the members elected to each
house, noroxceed theanjountof rcveuue authorized
by law to be raised in such time, and all appropria-
tions, general or special, requiring money to be paid
out of the District treasury, from funds belonging
to tho District, shall end with such fiscal quarter;
and no debt, by which the aggregate debt of the
District shall exceed five per cent, of tho assessed
property of tho Distiict, shall bo contractcd, unless
the law authorizing the same shall at ageneral elec-
tion have been submitted to the people and have
received a majority of the votes cast for members of
tho Legislative Assembly at such election. The Legis-
lative Assembly shall provide for the publication of
said law for three months at least before tho vote
of the people shall bo taken on the same, and pro-
vision shall be made at tho time for tho payment of
theintercst annually as it shall accrue, by a tax levied
for tho purpose, or from other sources of revenue,
which law, providing for tho payment of such inter-
est b^ such tax, shall be irrepealableuntilsuch debt
be paid: Provided, That the law levying the tax shall
bo submitted to the people with the law authorizing
the debt to be contracted.
Sec. 14. And beitjurther enacted, That the Legis-
lative Assembly; shall never grant or authorize extra
compensation, foe, or allowance to any public offi-
cer, agent, servant, or contractor after service has
been rendered or a contract made, nor authorize the
payment of any claim, or part thereof, hereafter
created against the District under any contract or
agreement made, without express authority of law;
and all such unauthorized agreements or contracts
shall be null and void.
Sec. li. And be it further enacted, That the Dis-
trict shall never pay, assume, or become responsible
for tho debts or liabilities of, or in any manner give,
loan, or extend its credit to, or in aid of, any public
or other corporation, association, or individual.
Sec. 1g. And be it further enacted, That the Legis-
lative Assembly shall not pass local or special laws
in any of the following cases, that is to say: for
granting divorces; rcgulating the practice in courts
of justice; icgulating the jurisdiction or duties of
justices of the peace, police magistrates, or consta-
bles; providing for changes of venue in civil or
criminal cases, or swearing and impaneling jurors;
remitting fines, penalties, or forfeitures; the sale
or mortgage of real estate belonging to minors or
others under disability; changing the law of de-
scent; increasing or decreasing the fees of public
officers during the term for which said officers are
elected or appointed; granting to ar.y corporation,
association, or individual any special or exclusive
privilege, immunity, or franchise whatsoever. The
Legislative Assembly shall have no power to release
or extinguish, in whole or in part, the indebtedness,
liability, or obligation of any corporation or indi-
vidual to the District or to any municipal corpora-
tion therein,norshall t^ie Legislative Assembly have
pofaer to establish any bank of circulation, nor to
authorize any company or individual to issue notes
for circulation as money or currency.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That the legis-
lative power of the District shall extend to all right-
ful subjects of legislation within said District, con-
sistent with the Constitution of the United States
and the provisions of this act; but all acts of the
Legislative Assembly shall at all times be subiect. to
repeal or modification by the Congress of the United
States, and nothing herein shall be construed to
deprive Congress of the power of legislation over
said District in as ample manner as if this law had
not been enacted,
Sec. 18. Aitd be it further enacted, That no member
of the Legislative Assembly shall hold or be appointed
to any office which shall have been created, or tho
salary or emoluments of which shall have been in-
creased while ho was a member, during the term for
which he was appointed or elected, ami for one year
after the expiration of such term; and no person
holding any office of trust or profit under the Gov-
ernment of tho United States shall be a member of
the Legislative Assembly.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted. That the said
Legislative Assombly shall not have power to pass
any ex post facto law, nor law impairing the obligation
of contracts, nor to tax the property of the United
States, nor to taxthelandsor other property of non-
residents higher than the lands or otherproperty of
residents; norshall lands or other property in said
District bo liable to a higher tax in any one year for
all general objects, territorial and municipal, than
two dollars on every $100 of the eash value thereof;
but special taxes may be levied in particular sec-
tions, wards, or districts for their particular local
improvements; norshall said territorial government
have }<>ower to borrow money or issue stock or bonds
lor any object whatever, unless specially authorized
by an act of tho Legislative Assembly, passed by a
vote of two thirds of the entire number of the mem-
bers of each branch thereof, but said debt in no case
to cxceed five per cent, of the assessed value of the
property of said District, unless authorized by a vote
of the people, as hereinafter provided.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That the prop-
erty of that portion of the District not included in tho
corporations of Washington and Georgetown shall
not be taxed for the purposes either of improving the
streets, alleys, public squares, or other public piop-
erty of the said cities, or either of them, nor for any
other expenditure of a local nature, for the exclusive
benefit of said cities, or cither of them, nor for the
payment of any debt heretofore contracted, or that
may hereafter be contracted by either of said cities
while remaining under a municipal government not
coextensive with the District.
Sec. 2l% And be it further enacted. That the prop-
erty within the corporate limits of Georgetownshall
not be taxed for the payment ot any debt heretofore
or hereafter to be contracted by the corporation of
washington, nor shall the property within thecor-
porate limits of Washington be taxed for the pay-
ment of any debt heretofore or hereafter to be con-
tracted by the corporation of Georgetown; and so
long as said cities shall remain under distinct muni-
cipal governments the property within the corporate
limits of cither of said cities shall not be taxed for
the local benefit of the other.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
the duty ofsaid Legislative Assembly to maintain a
system of free schools for the education of theyouth
of said District, and all moneys raised by general
taxation or arising from donations by Congress, or
from other sources, except by bequest or devise, for
school purposes shall be appropriated for the equal
benefit of all the youths of said District between
certain ages, to be defined by law.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That the said
Legislative Assembly shall have power to provide for
the appointment of as many justices of the peace
and notaries public for said District as may be
deemed necessary, to define their jurisdiction and
prescribe thoir duties; but justices of the peace shall
not havejurisdiction of any controversy in which the
title of land may bo in dispute, or in which thedebt
or sum claimed shall exceed one hundred dollars:
Provided, hotoever, That all justices of the peaceand
notaries public now in commission shall continue in
office till their present commissions expire,unless
sooner removed pursuant to existing laws.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, Thatthe judicial
courts of said District shall remain as now organized
until abolished or changed by act of Congress: but
such Legislative Assembly shall have power to pass
laws modifying the practice thereof, and conferring
such additional jurisdiction as may be necessary to
the due execution and enforcement of the laus of
said District, and shall have power to prescribe the
jurisdiction of the police court of said District, the
manner of appointing the judge and all other officers
thereof, and to fix the terms of their offices, respect-
ively.
Sec. 25. And he it further enacted. That the offices
and duties of United States'attorney and United
States marshal ior said District shall remain as un-
der existing #laws till modified by act of Congress;
but said Legislative Assembly shall hove power to
impose such additional duties upon said officers, re-
spectively, as mav be necessary to the due enforce-
ment of the laws of said District.
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted. That tho said
Legislative Assembly shall have power to create, by
general law, modify, lepeul, or amend within said
District, corporations aggregate for religious, chari-
table, educational, industrial, or comuierc;al pur-
poses, and to define their powers and liabilities.
Sec. JI. And be it further enacted. That all acts and
parts of acts of Congress relating to said District of
Columbia, not mcoaisisten t with the pro visions of this
