Avmmm m fit ^messional globe.
[January 11,
Senate.
Annexation of San Domingo—Mr. Sch-urz.
41st Cons....3d Sess.
What else? They say we must have what
they designate by the mysterious word "out-
post;" we must have a harbor for our fleet
in the West Indies. Do we not know that
outposts are the weakest points a country can
have? Do we not know also that in point of
economy if we buy among the West India
inland harbors for our fleets we shall have to
boild fleets for those harbors to protect them?
If We were really in need of a naval station
there, then I would ten thousand times rather
have St. Thomas, or a barren rock with no
back country behind it, fortwenty millions, than
San Domingo for nothing, with all its resources
of wealth and danger.
And finally, the great bugbear of foreign in-
terference is again raised up before our eyes.
We are told that if we do not take San Do-
mingo, some foreign Power will do so and in
annoying proximity enjoy all the sweets we
reject. Why, sir, is there a sensible man will-
ing to believe it? I am ready to assert here,
on tny responsibility as a Senator, toy confi-
dent belief that there is no European Ptiwer
that will ever dare again to set its foot upon a
square inch of American soil in the northern
hemisphere against our pleasure.
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend allow tne
to interrupt hitn there?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. It is reported that North
Germany may 
Mr. SCHURZ. I was about to come to that.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask my friend's
attention to that, and I hope he will be good
enough to state whether in his judgment North
Germany would do such a thing.
Mr. SCHURZ. I intend to refer to that.
WhatPower is to do it? England? England
is growing wise with age, and English states-
men have before this day come to the conclu-
sion that their old colonial system has ceased
to be profitable, and whenever they can get rid
of the colonies with honor, in most cases they
will be very glad to do so. At any rate, I
think if Jamaica did not belong to the Eng-
lish Crown now England would not a moment
think of acquiring it. No, sir, from thatquar-
ter we have to fear nothing.
Is it France, then ? Why, sir, France has
had her experience in America. In the first
place, France once possessed San Domingo ;
and after having lost on Haytian soil the flower
of her revolutionary armies, the army of the
Rhine, and untold millions of dollars, and a fleet
in the bay of Samaria, France will never be
tempted to burn her fingers again on that spot.
France made an attempt on Mexico once,
under very favorable circumstances, it was
thought, and what has been the consequence?
Just while France was frittering away her
strength there, disorganizing her armies for
the purpose of keeping up the Mexican expe-
dition, just at that time it was that Germany
executed her tremendous stride into the front
rank of the European Powers, and France
found herself unable to stop her. I need only
point out the present condition of France and
every man will acknowledge that from that
quarter there is nothing to fear.
Do you think that Spain will attempt any-
thing of the kind? Spain has had her expe-
rience too on the very island of San Domingo,
and after having lost $40,000,000 and ten
thousand soldiers, having been invited by the
Dominicans to take possession of the country,
I think you cannot bribe Spain to set her foot
upon that island again.
Finally, I come to Germany. Will Germany,
in her new ambition of power, attemptany such
thing? I think not; and I will tell the Senate
why. In the first place, under the guidance
of the enlightened statesmen who now guide
the destinies of that empire, there is not a
single Power in Europe, perhaps not on the
globe, that is so careful to keep on terms of
friendly understanding, and to cultivate the
kindest relations With the United States, as
Germany; and I am sure the knowledge that
any such step Would be looked upon with dis-
favor by the United States would alone have
the effect of making the German Government
defcsist from the attempt.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator if his
argument does not fail completely? After San
Domingo offers herself to us, and we reject her,
have we a right to Say one word against any
other nation taking her? Put it on the hypoth-
esis now that the people of San Domingo want
tb be annexed, a thihg we propose to investi-
gate; if we reject San Domingo, reject her
advances, can we then assert the Monroe doc-
trine against any other nation?
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir; I think we can.
Mr. MORTON. I do not thiilk we can in
justice.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think we can with abso-
lute consistency assert the Monroe doctrine
with regard to the colonization of foreign Pow-
ers upon American soil, upon soil which we
neither possess nor covet.
Mr. MORTON. Not after that.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think that the Monroe
doctrine has nothing to do with the acquisition
of territory by us at all. I maintain, and every
Senator knows, that the Monroe doctrine refers
to nothing else but to the establishment of new
colonies by European Powers upon American
soil. The Monroe doctrine is a veto against that
and nothing else ; it has no connection what-
ever with the acquisition of territory by the
United States. If the Senator pretends that
my argument fails, he shows only how weak
his is and to what desperate straits those are
reduced who want to frighten us with the
European bugbear into an improper enter-
prise.
There is another reason why I think Ger-
many will not covet that possession, and I will
state it. Germany has already the very best
system of colonization that ever existed in the
history of the World. While Germany does not
own a single square foot of ground outside of
her continental possessions, with the excep-
tion of the little islands on her coast—-not
one—yet, 1 fepeat, she has the most perfect
and most beneficial colonial system that ever
existed. It will have been noticed that of
late years the German commercial marine has
developed in a greater proportion, perhaps,
than the commercial marine of any of the
maritime nations. Germany had no numerous
fleet of WSr vessels w protect her commerce.
Germany had no colonies, in the ordinary
senSe of the term, to nourish that commerce'.
But Germany bad something far better. In-
stead of keeping up colonial establishments,
for whioh the home Government is politically
responsible, and which it is bound to protect
and defend with arms, Gernlany has clu'sfefs
of mercantile establishments in every com-
mercial town on the globe—in Europe, Amer-
ica, Asia, Africa, and Australia—colonies not
political, but colonies commercial, which pro-
tect themselves, regulate themselves, and feed
German commerce of their own motion, with-
out imposing upon the mother country the
remotest political responsibility.
This colonial system has proved of infinitely
less trouble to the German Government and
has yielded greater benefit to the commercial
interests of' that country than any colonial
establishment in the ordinary sense of the
term, however splendid in appearance, could
ever confer; and I trust the statesmen of that
nation will never fail to see that it would be
most unwise for them to adopt the old colo-
nial policy, which has already exploded and
failed under the auspices of other Powers, and
that the policy inaugurated for them by the
enterprising citizens of the Fatherland, a
policy which confers such immense benefits
with'otit i'mjd-ying the least shadow of polit-
ical r'esptirtMbility, without exposing a single
vtilhfet'able p6i'nt, is the Safest and the most
advantageous system they can devise. I there-
forte am quite confident that the statesmen of
Germany db hot. feel tempted to commit a
mistake as to San Domingo which other nations
will be equally careful to avoid.
Mr. MORTON rose.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator desire to
interrupt me?
Mr. MORTON. One SiSni'ent. I shall not
have an opportunity of replying to the Senator.
He denies that Germany, that Prussia, has
any disposition to acquire this isl'and, or any
other possession in the West Indies. He has
a greater knowledge of the people of Germahy,
of course, than I can have ; he understands
her language and institutions much better than
I do. But I beg leave to say to the Senator,
notwithstanding, that there is good reason
to believe, as 1 think, that Germany does
desire to acquire this island, or some other
rich possession in the West Jndies.
Mr. SUMNER. Can the Senator state the
reason ? The Senator says he has good reasons
for that belief. Will he do us the favor to state
them? Then we might judge of them.
Mr. MORTON. 1 do not know that I am
at liberty to state the particular reasons which
lead me to think so ; but I am of that convic-
tion. In fact, I entertain no doubt about it;
and I think all that has made Germany hesi-
tate heretofore in attempting this acquisition
is because it would be regarded as unfriendly
to the United States and a violation of our
traditional policy. But, sir, if it should turn
out that Dominica desires to be annexed to
this country, and we refuse her, then that tra-
ditional policy fails, and we have no right to
say one word against Germany, or any other
European country acquiring Dominica, or any
othef1 West India possession.
Mr. SCHURZ. I have already replied to
that argument once.
Mr. SlORTON. Not successfully.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think I have most success-
fully and incontrovertibly shown that whatever
the construction may be which we or other
people* put Upon the act of rejecting the ac-
quisition of San Domingo, the Monroe doctrine
stands absolutely untouched; and besides,
other nations will not be foolish enough to do
what the Senator wants to make us believe
they will do; for it may justly be assumed that
they understand their own interests better than
the Senator does.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow me to say one word?
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. The argument of the
Senator from Indiana is, that if San Domingo
i's offered to us and we decline to take her our '
months are closed against enforcing the Mon-
roe doctrine in respect to that island against a
European Power.
Mr. MORTON. On all principles of justice,
certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. Clearly the result of
that position of the Senator is that we are
debarred from enforcing the Monroe doctrine
against any country on this or the South
American continent which we are not willing
to take in as a part of our territory. That is
his argument. It only requires to be stated to
show how untenable it is.
Mr. SCHURZ. And now, when the Senator
comes to me and says that he is convinced
that Germany intends to do any such thing,
I may say that against such a faith there is no
weapon, no argument.
Mr. MORTON. Ihavesimplyputmyopinion
against yours ; that is all.
Mr. SCHURZ. I will reiterate my own,
then; that I am profoundly convinced that
there is nothing in it: and I believe if the Sen-
