1466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
The amendment I wish to offer I have here,
and will send it to the desk. It is the appro-
priation of last session for this same bureau,
made in July last.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves to strike out all of the
bill from line ten hundred and sixty-six to ten
hundred and seventy-six and to insert in lieu
thereof what will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the matter proposed
to be inserted, as follows:
For Commissioner of Education, $3.0"<0; one clerk,
at$l,800: one clerk, at S1.60J; one clerk, at$l,400;
ono messenger, at $340; stationery, §600; library,
$1,000; collecting statistics and writing and compil-
ing matter for annual and special reports, $3,000 ;
contingencies, $1,260; in ail, $14,500.
Mr. STEWART. I do not wish to prolong
this discussion. I simply wish to remark that
I am in favor of common-school education
and anything that will further that object. I
shall toerefore vote for the appropriation as it
stands in the bill, and also for printing the
report which has been referred to.
Mr. POMEROY. I wanted to move an
increase of this appropriation. I am sorry
there is not time to do that. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thcrmax] very justly remarked
that he thought we had the right at least to
collect statistics and do a great deal, although
we had not the right to do everything the
bureau might contemplate. I wanted to add
about three thousand dollars to this appropri-
ation to enable the Commissioner to send out
an agent to visit those States where common
schools are established and to suggest improve-
ments, to make a uniformity, to some extent,
of education, especially in the South; to en-
courage the establishment of schools in dis-
tricts where they are not established. Now
the Commissioner has not any agency of this
sort. He can collect statistics if he can find
them, but he is not authotized to send any-
body out to obtain them.
I think if we have a right to collect statistics
we have a right to use the proper agencies for
that collection. I was going to move to add
$3,000 to the appropriation, which would en-
able the head of the bureau to employ a suit-
able person to visit all the States, or if not ail,
at least those States from which he did not
obtain such information as he desired, and
have the schools inspected—you might call him,
if you please, the inspector of schools—and
have them organized in States where they are
neglecting the subject of education. If there
are any States that neglect the cause of edu-
cation let this Commissioner send an agency
there. Let him see to it that there is more
uniformity and more system in the schools.
That would be an incalculable advantage ; but
to shut up a man in an office here and tell him
to collect statistics, without authorizing him to
employ any agents to do it, giving him no
facilities, is not carrying forward this bureau
in an intelligent manner. No individual would
prosecute his business in that way. If he had
work to accomplish in several States he would
appoint an agent.
1 say, therefore, that Congress ought to put
it in the power of the Commissioner to have
one agent at least. You may call him an in-
spector ; you may call him a person to collect
staiistics ; I do not care about the name; it is
the thing we ought to have; and instead of
reducing this appropriation—I do not know
whether it is in order to move it, but I suppose
it must be—we ought to add S3.000 to enable
the Commissioner to do this work. It is
admitted by the Senator from Ohio that he
has the right to do it.
I do not desire to go into this subject in
detail, because I have said nothing or next to
nothing on this appropriation bill; but 1 do
want this appropriation to be something equal
to the work in charge. The report will prove
to be as bad next year as it is now if we do
not allow the Commissioner more money. If
the appropriation was $100,000 it would not
be equal to the emergency. Schools should
be established in every one of the States that
neglects to organize a proper system. A great
many of the southern and western States have
not a system organized, and they ought to have
a system well organized and we ought to have
$100,000 for that work.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senator from Kansas
to give way to me for one moment.
Mr. POMKIiOY. I will give way to anybody.
Mr. COLB. lunderstood my col league to state
a moment ago that he made his remarks yes-
terday in consequence of an incivility of which
I was guilty toward him. I have before me the
reportj I presume, of what took place. My
colleague asked a question, and then said:
"My colleague says, in other words, the appro-
priation is nearly double what it was last year. I
ask my colleague to state upon what ground he justi-
fies that increase.
" Mr. Cole. My colleague may not comprehend
the ground for increasing the. educational inter-
ests of the country, but almost everybody else will.
I think it is one of the leading interests of our
Republic."
Whether that is an incivility or not is, of
course, a matter to be judged of by the Sen-
ate and by individuals. 1 think he is mistaken,
however, iu his conclusion. What I complain
of'him is in suppressing his remarks from the
Globe this morniug, so that I was unable to
take notice of them during the consideration
of this bill.
Mr. C ASSERLY. I am perfectly content
to leave the controversy where I left it yes-
terday afternoon. I am satisfied with it if
the Senator is. He ought not to speak of my
suppressing the report. It is a very common
thing, especially where a speech is broken off
in the middie by an adjournment, to reserve
the first part until the whole is published to-
gether. There is no suppression in that. It
is done every day.
Mr. COLE. It is suppressed in order that
this subject may pass away before any notice
can be taken of if.
'Mr. CAS3ERLY. My colleague will see it
soon enough. If he has anything else to say
at a future time I shall be ready to notice it
if I deem it proper to do so.
Mr. COLK. i will look at it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the unan-
imous consent of the Senate the hour has
arrived at which debate is to terminate'on this
bill; but amendments are still in order. The
question now is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. CaSSErly.J to strike
out the paragraph in regard to the Bureau of
Education and insert a paragraph similar to
that contained in last year's appropriation bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. I will inquire if it be
in order to amend that portion of the bill by
adding to it before we take a vote on striking
it out.
Mr. EDM USDS. No, sir; you cannot
amend amotion to strike out and insert.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to
strike out and insert is indivisible; but a mo-
tion to perfect the part proposed to be stricken
out has priority before the questiou is taken
on striking out.
Mr. POMEROY. Senators suggest that we
take a vote on this amendment first, and I have
no objection to that; but I desire to add §3,000
to the appropriation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That can bemoved after-
ward.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment will be in order afterward.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, 1 ask that the par-
agraph proposed to be stricken out, and the
paragraph proposed to be inserted, be read in
order that we rnav'understaud the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT.' They will be
read.
The Chikf Cleiik. The amendment is to
strike out the following clause of ihe bill, after
line ten hundred and sixty five.
For Commissioner of Education, 83,000; one elerk,
at $1,800; one clerk, at $1,603; one translator, $1,600;
one elerk. at $1,400; one messenger, at $840; station-
ery, $1,000; library. $1,000; collecting statistics and
writiug and compiling matter for annual a«d special
reports, and editing and publishing circulars of
information, $10,000; contingencies, $1,280: in all,
$26,500.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
For Commissioner of Education, $3,000: one clerk,
at $1,800; one clerk, at $1,600: onecierk, at $1,400;
one messenger, at $810: stationery, $600: library,
$1,000; collecting statistics and writing and compil-
ing matter for annual and special reports, $3,000;
contingencies, $1,260; in ail, $14,500.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask if that
amendment is reported by the committee? I
do not recollect it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. It is
an amendment proposed by the Senator from
California, [Mr. Casseblt,] on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by. yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Blair. Casserly. Davis,
Hamilton of Maryland, McCreery, Stockton, Thur-
inan. and Vickers,—0.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott. Arn-'S. Anthony, Bore-
raan, Brownlow, Ch mdler. Cole. Conkling, Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds, Kenton, Hamilton of Texas, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Harris. Hill. Howard. Howell, Kellogg,
Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patter-
son, Poraeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey. Rice, Robertson,
Ross, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague,
Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—44.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham, Cameron. Car-
Senter, Cattell, Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert,
lows. Johnston. Morrill of Maine, Morton, Osborn,
Revels, Saulsbury, Schurz, Stearns, Suuuier, Thayer,
and Yates—20.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I renew the amend-
ment I proposed in Committee of the Whole
in reference to the bureau officers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Oregon renews the amendment which he moved
by direction of the Committee on Finance, and
which was rejected in Committeeofthe Whole.
The Secretary will report it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows;
And be it further enacted. That from and after the
1st d.iy of July, A. D. 1871, the annual salaries of the
Assistant Secretaries, and a'so of the Second Comp-
troller, the Solicitor, the Register, the Auditors,
the Commissioner of Customs, and the supervising
archi ectof the Treasury Department, the Assistant
Postmasters General of the Post Ofhee Department,
ihe Commissioner of the General Land Office, the
Commissioner of Pensions, the Commissioner of
Indian Aff.nrs of the Intel lor Department, and the
Commissioner of Agriculture, shall be S4,50l).
And be it further enact^t, Tbivt such sum as is
necessary to carry into effect the provisions of the
foregoing section, is hereby appropriated out of aDy
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking.out ••'five hundred,"
so that it shall read $4,000.
Mr. THUR.UAN. I wish to inquire what is
the present salary of these officers ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. They vary; some are
$3,000, some are $3,500. The object is to put
them upon a footing of equality, as their duties
are very much alike.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa
to the amendment of the Senator from Oregon,
to strike out "live hundred."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on the amendment, as amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays; and they wtre ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend the
amendment by including the Congressional
Printer. I am going to vote against the whole
amendment myself, but I think he should be
put on the same footing with the others.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
opinion that the salary of the Congressional
Printer has been raised to $4,000, but he is
not positive.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then thereis no object
in putting Inm on.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It can do no harm.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
