1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Annexation of San Domingo—Mr. Schurz.
Senate.
ator would approach any German statesman
and express that opinion to him he would
be received with a very benevolent smile.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend allow me
to make a remark there?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. As I took the liberty of
addressing the inquiry to the Senator from
Indiana as to his reasons for supposing that
Germany or some European Power would take
possession of a portion of this island if we
declined it, and he declined to give his rea-
sons, but fell back upon his convictions, I
ask the same privilege to express my con-
viction that there is nothing in it. Germany
is too wise, too civilized, too glorious, to
think of doing what the Senator from Indiana
imagines. There is nothing in it.
Mr. MORTON. I will say that as a general
thing the convictions of the Senator are better
than his reasoning, especially on the subject
of San Domingo.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says that my
convictions are better than my reasoning. I
am glad that he approves my convictions.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, I will now
take leave of the bugbear that cannot stand on
its own feet. I think I may repeat what I said
before, that there can hardly be a sensible man
in this country who will in any way feel fright-
ened by that specter of foreign interference
which is so artfully held up before us.
_ What else, then, is urged? " Manifest des-
tiny." "Manifest destiny" is a great cry;
and that cry has played a sinister part in the
history of the world before this. "Manifest
destiny " is written upon some of the saddest
pages of the history of nations. And I might
here recall some of the memories which will
crowd upon the minds ofthose who have sprung
from the nation of which I am a son. Itis one
ofthe most remarkable pathological phenomena
in the history of the world that northern nations
are so frequently haunted by a romantic long-
ing for the South. And how often has that
vague dream brought forth deplorable disas-
ter! You have read the history of Germany in
the Middle Ages. There was the great power
of what in ig'n t then be called the civilized world;
and that power abandoning itself to the fatal
dream of southern dominion. It was on the
beautiful plains of Italy that the German empire
spent its strength. It was hunting after south-
ern shadows that it frittered away its great
opportunities of home consolidation. It was,
so to say, in the embraces of that beautiful
southern siren that the German empire lost its
manhood.
That, was "manifest destiny," if you will
call it so. And here now stands the American
Republic; so vigorous, so beautiful, so great,
so hopeful on the ground of her strength ; and
she, too, is to be seduced with the treacherous
charm 1 And the cry of " manifest destiny "
is raised by the thoughtless spirit of adventure
hurrying her on to take the fatal leap into a
region far mora dangerous than Italy, where
her very vitality, perhaps, would meet with
deadly contamination.
Sir, if that were manifest destiny, then I
should be seriously tempted to call it manifest
doom. But is it, indeed, manifest destiny?
What is destiny for a country and a people like
this? Sir, the reason, the good sense, the
conscience, the enlightened will of the Amer-
ican people is their destiny. Let them ac-
knowledge no other. And I fondly trust that
reason, that sound sense, that conscience, that
enlightened will, will never be seduced by the
deceptive allurements of tropical splendor!
Away, then, with the wild cry for tropical pos-
session, which was once raised by the slave
power, and was, indeed, within the line of its
cruel and dangerous logic, but which is devoid
of sense now, since it is liberty and civiliza-
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 3.
tion in the best form of their development to
what we aspire.
The Senator from Nevada tells us that all
public men who oppose the annexation of any
country to this must go down. If that is true,
then I am ready to go down, holding fast to
my convictions, for those convictions are strong
within me. But is it so?
Mr. STEWART. TheSenatordid notunder-
stand me to say that all public men opposed to
annexation must go down. They are going
to be beaten on that issue beyond any doubt.
I suppose the Senator from Missouri can stand
one or two defeats, and still survive. He is
going to be defeated on that issue, if he tries
to stop annexation.
Mr. SCHURZ. I am ready to admit now
that the Senator from Nevada is not as danger-
ous as I thought he was. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. I am sorry I alarmed the
Senator so much.
Mr. SCHURZ. Nevermind; lean endure it.
What then, sir, is the true destiny of this
country ? Can we fail to see it ? Here, on our
northern ground, we stand in our strength.
Here are congenial circumstances surrounding
us. Here the genius of our race is fed by the
very air we breathe. Here our free institu-
tions are the natural growth of our soil. Here
is the true seat of our empire.
Our country extends at present to a region
which is already in some degree infected by
the moral miasma of the tropics. The influ-
ence of northern civilization in close conti-
guity may, by its preponderance, be strong
enough to control the disturbing elements, and
thus to impart to our South, in its present lim-
its, a reasonable measure of the peculiar bless-
ings we enjoy. But to secure that beneficent
result it is absolutely necessary .to preserve the
preponderance of northern civilization to such
an extent, that the southern weight cannot
seriously disturb the balance. That balance
was disturbed once, and the Republic was in
danger of perishing. That balance is suffi-
ciently disturbed now to put our republican
institutions sometimes to a dangerous strain.
Disturb it still more by adding to the southern
weight.,'by adding the tropics, and in the same
measure in which the anarchical element will
grow in one part of this Union, iu the same
measure the development of our political life
will tend to the arbitrary assumption of power
by the national Government, and perhaps to
military usurpation. In fact, the very acqui-
sition of that territory would put us on the high
road to military rule. And here I do not hes-
itate to express my pr'ofoundest conviction:
incorporate the tropes, with their population,
with their natural influences, in our political
system, and you introduce a poison into it
which may become fatal to the very life of this
Republic.
What, then, is the true American policy?
It seems to me clear. Let the American peo-
ple devote their great energies to the vast
domain we possess, to that magnificent field
of labor and of enterprise where the genius
of our race, as I said before, is fed by the
very atmosphere. Do we feel cramped in our
domain? Let us expand, then, where we are
healthy and strong. Is not there a magnifi-
cent field left for our ambition of aggrandize-
ment? Yes, and it fills my soul with delight
when I see events preparing themselves which
will lead the whole continent north of us into
our arms. That will indeed be a natural, con-
genial, and happy association. And the day
when that great consummation takes place this
Republic will be stronger than ever before;
stronger, for the very seat of her empire, the
center of gravity, will then be more firmly
fixed than ever under the healthful influences
of the northern sky. But beware of every
addition in that quarter where the very sun
hatches out the serpent's eggs of danger to our
republican institutions; beware until by fur-
ther development and accretion the prepon-
derance of northern civilization becomes so
firmly fixed that nothing in the woild can
shake it.
When that moment will come, whether it will
ever come, I know not; but of one thing I am
sure, that moment has not come yet. And I
must confess it is incomprehensible to me how,
in days like ours, when these legislative halls
so frequently resound with propositions for the
enlargement of the military power, proposi-
tions sprung indeed from honorable sympathies
and motives, but at the mere sound of which
the fathers of the Republic would have stood
aghast—and those propositions prompted by
the very southern distemper I have described;
and when the most exciting struggles we wit-
ness here have just this meaning, how we may
maintain the integrity of our republican insti-
tutions against the pressure of the necessi-
ties growing out of that distemper—I say it
is incomprehensible to me how, under such
circumstances and with that voice of warning
ringing in our ears, a plan to augment all
these dangers a hundred-fold can find a single
advocate upon the floor of the American
Senate.
I am asked, are we to turn our backs upon
the people of that region entirely? Are we to
waive them off with cold indifference? Are we
to have no heart for our brothers in the Ameri-
can tropics? No, sir; I do not say that. The
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] has
expressed tjie idea that the tropics should
belong to the colored race. Yes, let that region
belong to them; let them cultivate that soil ia
freedom; let them be happy there 
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator whether he, in common with the Senator
from Massachusetts, is in favor of this Gov-
ernment establishing a protectorate over the
island?
Mr. SCHURZ. I was just going to say what
I am in favor of: and if in the course of time
it should come to pass that those West India
Islands should form a confederation of their
own under a common flag, and the Govern-
ment of the United States can do anything to
promote that object in a kind way by offering
its friendly offices, certainly I should hail the
opportunity with sincere satisfaction; I should
be the last man on this floor to stand in the way
of such a consummation.
Mr. MORTON. Do you mean a protect-
orate ?
Mr. SCHURZ. Isaid,if the Governmentof
the United States can do anything in the way
I have described ; and I add, if those States
should be attacked by a foreigu Power, and the
Government of the United States should find
it convenient to secure them against foreign
aggression, I should not stand in the way even
of that.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator has substan-
tiallyavowed himself in favor of a protectorate.
I understand that to be his sentiment. Now,
I ask him if a protectorate would not be the
worst possible, form of connection that we
could have with any West India island?
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator says. I have
substantially announced myself in favor of a
protectorate. The Senator will permit me to
inform him that I have said no such thing ;
and he will please not fo put words into my
mouth which I did not use.
Mr. MORTON. I understand him to mean
that.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator should not
find it difficult to understand my meaning as
I express it
Mr. President, I have been interrupted so
often that I have spoken much longer than I
intended. I beg the pardon of the Senate for
having taxed their kind patience. I am com-
ing to a close. There was a time, sir, when
