1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1469
and lawful authority to purchase the stock, land
grants, franchises, and appurtenances of, and con-
solidate on such terms as may be agreed upon
between the parties, with any railroad company,
or companies, heretofore, or that may hereafter be
chartered, by congressional. State, or territorial
autboritj ; but no such consolidation shall be with
anycompeting through Hue of railroads to the Pacific
ocean.
. Sec.5. Andbeit further enacted, That the said com-
pany shall have power and authority to make run-
ning arrangements with any railroad company or
companies*, heretofore chartered, or that may here-
after be chartered by congressional, State, or terri-
torial authority; also, to purchase lands, or to accept
donations, or grants of land, or other property, from
States or individuals, for the purpose of aiding in
carrying out the object of this company.
SEC. 6. And be it farther enacted. That the rights,
lands, land'grants,franchises, privileges,and appur-
tenances, and property of every description, belong-
ing to each of the consolidated or purchased railroad
company or companies, as herein provided, shall
vest in and become absolutely the property of the
South Pacific Railway Company: Providrd, That in
all contracts made and entered into by said com-
pany with any and all other railroad company or
companies to perfect such aforesaid consolidation
"or purchase the indebtedness or other legal obliga-
tionsofsaid company orcompanies shall be assumed
b^ the said South Pacific Railway Company, as may
be agreed upon; and no such consolidation or pur-
chase shall impair any lien which may exist on any
of the roads so consolidated or purchased; but said
company shall not assume the debts or obligations
of afcy company with which it may consolidate or
purchase, as aforesaid, to an amount greater than
the cash tfalue of the assets received from the same.
SEC. 7. Andbeit further enacted. That the said South
Pacific Railway Company shall have power to make
and enforce rules and by-laws for the election of its
officers and the government and management of the
business of the company, and to do and perform all
needful and proper things to be done and performed
to promote the objects of the company hereby incor-
porated, not inconsistent with the laws of the Uni-
ted States and the provisions of tbis charter.
SeC. 8. And be it further enacted, That the right of
way through the public lands be, and the same is
hereby, granted to^the said company for the con-
struction of the said railroad and telegraph line;
and the right, power, and authority is hereby given
to said company to take from the public lands adja-
cent to the line of said road earth, stone, timber,
and other materials for the construction thereof;
said right of way is granted to said company to the
extent of two hundred feet in width on each side of
said railroad where it may pass over the public
lands; and there is also hereby granted to said coui-
"pany grounds? for stations, buildings, workshops,
wharves, switches, side-tracks, turn-tables, water-
stations, and such other structures as may be neces-
sary for said railway, not exceeding forty acres of
land at any one point.
Sec. 9. And be itjurther enacted. That for the pur-
pose of aiding in the construction of therailroad and
telegraph line herein provided for there is hereby
granted to thesaid South Pacific Railway Company,
its successors aud assigns, every alternate section of
public land, not mineral, designated by odd num-
bers, to the amount ot twenty alternate sections per
mile, on each side of said railway line, as such line
may be adopted by said company, through the Terri-
tories of the United States, and ten alternate sec-
tions of land per mile on each side of said railway in
California, where the same shall not have been sold,
reserved, or otherwise disposed of by the United
States, and to which a preemption or homestead
claim may not have attached at the tiuio the line of
said road is definitely fixed. In case any of said
lands shall have been sold, reserved, occupied, or
preempted, or otherwise disposed of, other lands
shall be selected in lieu thereof by said company,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
in alternate sections, and designated by odd num-
bers, not more than ten miles beyond the limits of
said alternate sections first above named, and not
including the reserved numbers. If in the too near
approach of the said railway line to the boundary
of Mexico the number of sections of land to which
the company is entitled cannot be selected imme-
diately otrthe line of said railway, or in lieu of nun-*
eral lands excluded from this grunt, a like quan-
tity of unoccupied and unappropriated agricultural
lands, in odd-numbered sections, nearest the line
of said railway may bo selected as above provided:
md the word "mineral" where it occurs in this act
shall not be held to include iron or coal: Provided,
however. That no public lands are hereby granted
with'ra the State of California further than twenty
miles on each side of said road, except to make up
deficiencies as atoresaid. and then not to exceed
twenty miles from the lands original ly granted. The
term "ship's channel," as used in this bill, shall not
be construed as conveying any greater right to said
company to the wnter'front ot Sftn Diego bay than
it may acquire by gift, grant, purchase, orotherwise,
except the right of way, as herein granted: Ana
provvted further, That ail such lands so granted by
tbis section to said company which shall not be
sold* or otherwise disposed of, as provided in this
&ot. within three years after the completion or the
entire road, shall be subject to settlement and Pre-
emption like other lands, at a price to be fixed by
and paid to said company, not exceeding an average
of $2 50pcr acre for all the lands herein granted.
Sec. 10. And be it Jurther enacted, lhat when the
route of said railway and telegraph line shall pass
through the lands of private persons, or where it
may be necessary for said railway company to take
any lands belonging to private persons for any of
the purposes herein mentioned necessary to said
road, such right of way through or title to such
lands shall be secured in accordance with the laws
of the State or Territory in which they may be
situated.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the South
Pacific Railway Company shall have power and
authority to i*sue two kinds of br>nds, secured by
mortgage, namely: first, construction bonds; second,
land bonds. Construction bouds shall be secured
by mortgage, first, on all or any portion of the
franchises, road-bed, or track ot said railway, and
all the appurtenances thereto belonging, when con-
structed or in the course of construction, from a
point at or near Marshall, to ship's channel, in the
bay of San Diego, in the State ot California, as afore-
said. Land bonds shall be secured by mortgage,
first, on all or any portion of the lands hereby"
granted in aid of the construction of said railway,as
is provided for in this aet; second, on lands acquired
by any arrangement or purchase, or terms o£ con-
solidation with any railroad company or companies
to whom grants of lands may have been made, or
may hereafter be made, by any congressional, State,
or territorial authority, or who may have purchased
the same previous to any such arrangement or con-
solidation : Provided, Tnat ail the mortgages made
and executed by said railway company shali be filed
and recorded in the Department of the Interior,
which shall be a sufficient evidence of their legal
execution, and shall confer all the rights and prop-
erty of said company as therein expressed: And
provided also. That the proceeds of the sales of the
aforesaid construction and land bonds shall be
applied only in the construction, operation, and
equipment of the contemplated railway line: And
provided further. That said mortgage shall in nowise
impair or affect any lien existing on the property of
said company or companies, at or before the time
of such consolidation.
Sec. 12. A>xd be it further enacted. That whenever
the said company shall complete the first and each
succeeding section of twenty consecutive miles of
said railway, and put it in running order as a first-
class road in allits appointments, it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the^Interior to cause patents to
be issued conveying to said company thenumberof
sections of land opposite to and conterminous with
said completed road, to which itshall be entitled for
each section so completed. Said company, within
two years after the passage of this act, shall desig-
nate the general route of its said road, as near as may
be. and shall file a map of the same in the Depart-
ment of the Interior: and when the map is so filed,
the Secretary of the Interier immediately thereafter
shall cause the lands within forty miles on each side
of said designated route within the Territories, and
I twenty miles within the State of California? to be
j withdrawn from preemption, private entry, and sale:
i Provided, however. That the provisions of the act of
! September, 1841, granting preemption rights, and
, the acts amendatory thereof, and of the act entitled
"An act to secure homesteads to actual settlers on
the public domain," approved May 20,1862, and the
amendments thereto, shall be, and the same are
hereby, extended to all other lands of the Lnited
States on the line of said road when surveyed, ex-
cept those hereby granted to said company.
Sec. 13. Andbeit further enacted, That the presi-
dent of the company shall annually make a report
and hie it with the Secretary of the Interior, which
report shall be under oath, exhibiting the financial
situation of the company, the amount of money re-
ceived and expended, and the number.of mile3 of
road constructed each year.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted. That the certifi-
cates of the capital btock must be signed by the
president and secretary and attested by the seal of
the company, and shall contain an eitract from the
proceedings of the board of directors, fixing the
amount thereof, as well as from this act authorizing
such issue. All the bonds and mortgages issued by
said company must be signed by the president and
secretary and attested by the seal of said company,
and shall contain an extract from the law author-
izing them to be issued. The face value of said
bonds shall be $1,000 in gola, and shall be redeem-
able at.such times and to bear such rate of interest,
payable semi-annually in gold, as may be determ-
ined by the directors. The total value of the con-
struction bonds to be issued shall not exceed §30,000
per mile of said railway, and the total face value ot
the land bonds shall not exceed $2 50 per acre for
all lands mortgaged, the total amount of each to be
determined by the board of directors.
Sec. 15. And be it fmther enacted. That all rail-
roads constructed, or that may be hereafter con-
structed, to intercept said South Pacific railway
shall have a right to connect with that line; that no
discrimination as regards charges for freight or pas-
sengers, or in any other matter, shall be made by
said South Pacific; Railway Company against any of
said connecting roads, but that the same charges per
mile as to passenger* and per ton r>er mile as to
freight passing from the said South Pacific railway
over any of said connecting roads, or passing from
any of said connecting roads over any pare of said
South Pacific railway, shall be made by said com-
pany as they make for freight and passengers oyer
their own road: Provided also. That said connecting
roads shall reciprocate said right of connection and
equality of charges with said South Pacific railway:
.Awti provided further, That the rates charged for
carrying passengers and freight per mile shall not
exceed the prices which may be fixed by Congress
for carrying passengers and freight on the Union
Pacific and Central Pacific railroads.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That said road
shall be constructed of iron or steel rails manufac-
tured from American ore, except such as may have
heretofore been contracted for by any railroad com-
pany which may be purchased or consolidated with
by the company hereby incorporated as provided in
this act.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted. That the said
South Pacific Railway Company shall commence tne
construction of its road simultaneously at San Diego,
in the State of California, and from a point at or
near Marshall, Texas, as hereinbefore described, and
so prosecute the same as to have at least fifty con-
secutive miles of railway from each of said points
complete and in running order within two years
after the passage of this act, and to so continue to
construct each year thereafter a sufficient number
of miles to secure the completion of the whole line
from the aforesaid point ou the eastern boundary of
the State of Texas to the bas^of San Diego, in the
State of California, as aforesaid, within ten years
after the passage of this act; and upon failure to so
complete it Congress may adopt such measures as it
may deem necessary and proper to secure its speedy
completion.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted. That the Presi-
dent of the United States, upon the completion of
the first section of twenty miles, shall appoint one
commissioner, whose duty it shail be to examine the
various sections of twenty miles as they shall be
completed, and report thereon to him in writing;
and if, from such report, he be eati-fied that said
company has fully completed each section of its road,
as m this act provided, he shall direct the Secretary
of the Interior to issue patents to said company for
the lands it is entitled to under this act as fast as
each section of said road is completed.
Sr.c. 19. And be it fu) ther enacted, That the South
Pacific R lilway Company shall be, and it is hereby
declared to be, a military and post road; and for tho
purpose of insuring the carrying the mails, troops,
munitions of war, supplies and stores of the United
States.no act of the company nor any law of any
State or Territory shall impede, delay, or prevent
the said company from performing its obligations to
the United States in that regard: Provided That
said road shall be subject to the use of the United
States for postal, military, and all other govern-
mental services, atfair and reasonable rates of com-
pensation, not to exceed the price paid by private
parties for the same kind of service; and the Gov-
ernment shall at all times have the preference in
the use of the same for the purpose aforesaid.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That it shall not
be lawful for any of the directors, eithf? in their
individual capacity or as members of fin incorpo-
rated or joint stock company, to make any contracts
or agreements with the said South Pacific Railway
Company for the construction, equipment, or run-
ning of its road, or to have any interesttberein : and
all such contracts or agreements are hereby declared
null and\oid, and all money or property received
under such contracts or agreements may bo recov-
ered back for the benefit of the company by any
stockholder.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That any rail-
road company whose route lies across the route of
the South Pacific railway may cross, the same, and
for the purpose of crossing shall have the rigbfc to
acquire, at the double minimum price, all fands,
whether of the United States or granted by this act,
which shall be needed foraright of way two hun-
dred feet wide through said lands, and for depots,
stations, side-tracks, and other needful purposes,
not exceeding for such purposes forty acres at any
one station.
sec 22. And be it further enacted, That Congress
may at any time alter or amend this act, having due
regaid to the rights ot tho railroad companies herein
named, and all other parties in interest.
Sec. 23, And be it Jurther enacted, That this act
shall be in force from and after its passage.
Mr. ELA. I move that the House do now
adjourn. _ J think members would like to have
j an opportunity of attending the carnival.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Ela] is not in possession of
the floor to move an adjournment. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler] who
is in charge of the bill is recognized.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask the gentleman from
New York, the chairman of the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, to yield to me that I
may offer an amendment.
Mr. WHEELER. I must respectfully de-
cline acceding to the request of the gentleman
from Indiana. I cannot yield to him.
Mr. HOLMAN. May I not now raise the
question of consideration? I reserved tiie
right to do so pending the reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Holmax] raises the question of con-
sideration at the present time.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Before that question is
voted on I wish to ask the gentleman from
