1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Ohio Soldiers' Home—Mr. Carpenter.
Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator appeals
to me as a man and as a lawyer. As a man
I am with hiin; as a lawyer I am with the
supreme court of Ohio on that point. I think
their decision is sound. I think the cession
of jurisdiction by the State of Ohio to the
United States was valid, and that the proviso
which they attempted to put upon it was void.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I ask my friend one
other question: whether he, representing the
United States, now is not bound in honor to
recede to the State of Ohio this property
which you got on conditions which you cannot
comply with ?
Mr. CARPENTER. However that may be,
that is not what the Senator proposes to have
ceded back.
Mr. SHERMAN. Precisely.
Mr. CARPENTER. Not at all. We got
from Ohio—what? Not the title to this land,
hut the jurisdiction. This bill, as originally
drafted, provided that the jurisdiction over
the place should be ceded back ; but that is
amended, and now instead of ceding back the
jurisdiction, it is proposed to grant the title
to the property to the State of Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I have got my friend
precisely where I wanted to get my colleague.
My colleague insists that we have no right to
recede the jurisdiction, and insists that the
cession of jurisdiction was a mere legal con-
stitutional consequence of the cession of the
land; and to meet his view we have made a
proposition to recede not only the jurisdiction
but the land itself, whatever it is. If the ces-
sion of jurisdiction alone will accomplish what
we desire, 1 am very willing to take that. That
is the bill precisely as it passed the House
of Representatives; but as the Senator from
Wisconsin and my colleague differ upon that
subject, I should like to have them reconcile
the matter between them.
Mr. CARPENTER. I fear that my friend's
colleague dealt with him in a double capacity,
as a politician and as a lawyer; and that that
advice was given as a politician and not as a
lawyer. 1 do not know, however, how that
fact is. I suppose that the United States of
course could relinquish jurisdiction over any
territory it pleases ; so it can relinquish title
to the land if it pleases ; but it should under-
stand which it is doing, and not do one when
it means to do only the other. Now. as I
understand this act, its legal effect would be
to put the State of Ohio in precisely the posi-
tion which this Government now occupies in
reference to this charter; and if I am not mis-
taken in saying, and I think I am not, that
Congress might to-day repeal the charter and
resume the property and appropriate it to any
other use, or devote it to a continued applica-
tion to this use through other means and
agency, then the State of Ohio, if this bill
passes, may do the same thing.
But the Senator may say we have guarded
against that by the proviso to the bill which
declares—
That nothing contained in this act shall be con-
strued to impair the powers and rights heretofore
conferred upon the boaid of managers of the
National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers,
incorporated under said act, in and over said
territory.
Now, what does this bill accomplish, if the
proviso saves what must be saved to save any-
thing valuable in the charter ? So far as 1 can
see, it is exactly two on one side and two on
the other. Two are granted and two reserved.
In other words, the proviso is a dead logger-
head to the grant of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I will ask my friend
another question, which will settle thaUnatter.
Suppose the State of Ohio had never ceded
this jurisdiction, could not the board of man-
agers have purchased the property, under the
laws of the United States, and managed this
institution, and carried it on, without any ces-
sion of land or jurisdiction from the State of
Ohio? What I ask is not that you interfere
with the charter, but that it shall go on as it
was before the State of Ohio ceded jurisdic-
tion ; and as difficulty arises in this case from
the cession of jurisdiction by Ohio two years
after this charity was full-fledged, all I ask is a
repeal of that cession oraconsentby Congress
to a repeal of that cession.
Mr. CARPENTER. The last question put
by the honorable Senator opens up a vast field
for discussion, and sounds-some of the deepest
abysses of constitutional doubt. I do not pro-
pose to discuss all the question involves, and
I may say that the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] has trodden very tenderly in this
field.
[At this point Mr. Carpenter yielded to a
motion that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.]
Tuesday, January 17, 1871.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the same
subject.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, when
the Senate went into executive session yester-
day, I was about to referto the provision of the
Constitution in relation to places needed for
public buildings required within the States.
That provision is as follows :
" The Congress shall have power " * * *-
* "to exercise exclusive legislation in all cases
whatsoever over such district (not exceeding ten
miles square) as may, byeession of particular States
and the acceptance of Congress become the seat of
the Government of the United States, and to exercise
like authority over all places purchased by the con-
sent of the Legislature of the State in which the
same shall be. lor the erection of forts, magazines,
arsenals, dock-yards, and other useful buildings."
It is manifest, I think, that the moment the
Government of the United States acquires,
either in its own name or in the name of a
corporation which it has created for the pur-
pose of taking and holding the title, a piece
of land for one of the purposes mentioned in
this section, and the State gives its consent
to such acquisition, the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States then applies to the subject-matter
ter, and vests in Congress the exclusive power
of legislation over the same. I was under the
impression, however, without any reflection
upon the subject, that it was to this clause of
the Constitution that we owed the power to
pass the provision found in the ninth section
of the act incorporating this asylum, which
provides—•
"That all inmates of the asylum shall be, and are
hereby, made subject to the ltules and Articles of
War, and will be governed thereby in the same
manner as if they were in tho Army of the United
States."
But a little reflection satisfies me that such is
not the case. The legislative authority of Con-
gress over these places acquired in the States is
precisely the same authority which it exercises
over the District of Columbia; and no one
would pretend that Congress had the power to
declare that all persons residing in this Dis-
trict or coming temporarily within the District
should be subject to the Rules and Articles of
War. Article five and article six of the amend-
ments to the Constitution read as follows :
"Art.5. No person shall be held to answer for a
capital or otherwise ill famous orime, unless on a pre-
sentment or indictment of a grand jury, except in
eases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the
militia when in actual service in time of war or pub-
lic danger.''
•' Art. 6. In all criminal prosecutions, theaccused
shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by
an impartial jury of tho State and district wheiciu
the crime shall have been committed, which district
shall have been previously ascertained by law, and
to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusa-
tion," &c.
From these provisions taken together, it
results that if this ninth section of tho act of
incorporation be constitutional, it is because
the inmates of this asylum are to be regarded
as a part of the land forces That act does
not seem in its phraseology so to consider
them, but apparently means to attach to them
the same jurisdiction as though they were in
the land forces. Perhaps that is hypercritical;
and a fair construction of this section may
lead to the conclusion that voluntarily going
to reside in the asylum is equivalent to an
enlistment, and if so a man goes to the asylum,
knowing of this provision, thereby subjects
himself to military control. It is upon that
ground, undoubtedly, if at all, that the power
of Congress to govern the inmates of this asy-
lum by the Rules and Articles of War is to be
derived. That removes, therefore, one of the
objections which I had yesterday to the pas-
sage of this bill.
There remains, however, the further objec-
tion which I made to the bill yesterday, that
it transfers whatever rightand title the United'
States now possesses in this property to the
State of Ohio. For one, sir, I cannot vote to
make that transfer. I believe that, after all,
these soldiers and the funds set apart for their
maintenance are only safe while they are in
the exclusive control of the United States;
and it seems to me that if we pass this bill we
delegate to Ohio, if we can do so constitution-
ally, precisely the control over it which Con-
gress might to-day exercise, and that that
State might take the property from the charity
to which it is devoted and apply it to any other
use. That is my objection now to the passage
of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have this
bill passed by the unanimous vote of the Sen-
ate if I could, and I think I can make a sug-
gestion which will meet the difficulty now
raised. The whole trouble in this case arises
out of the unnecessary act of the Legislature of
Ohio in ceding jurisdiction. That was not
asked for by Congress, and it was done prob-
ably without a suggestion from anybody in
Congress, but simply to promote the execution
of this charity. Now, I am satisfied that a
rescission of this jurisdiction in the very words
contained in the first section of the act would
be sufficient. The act of the "Legislature of
Ohio ceded jurisdiction over that land upon
two conditions. It is manifest that Congress
ought not to enforce the cession unless those
two conditions are complied with. It would
not be right nor honorable to do so. Now, if
we recede what is granted by the first section
it will accomplish all that I desire to accom-
plish.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I am
as anxious as the Senator is to accomplish
the object that he has in view ; but it seems
to me that what he now proposes cannot be
done; in other words, that it is impossible
for us under the Constitution of the United
States to cede away that jurisdiction which
has become vested in the United States by the
purchase of this land and the consent given
by the State of Ohio. The Senator, I think,
misapprehends the effect of the act of Ohio.
They may have said in terms that they con-
veyed to us the jurisdiction over this place;
but that was of no consequence and wholly
unnecessary. If they have consented to the
United States acquiring that property for this
purpose it was not necessary that they should
cede that jurisdiction to us; the Constitution
of the United States confers the jurisdiction
upon Congress the moment the State con-
sented to the purchase by the United States
for this special purpose. That being so, I do
not think we can relinquish it.
Mr. SHERMAN. But my friend will see
that Ohio never consented.
Mr. CARPENTER. ,If Ohio has not con-
sented, there is an end of the whole thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; 'Ohio never con-
sented to the establishment of this asylum
except upon the conditions named in the act.
Mr. THURWAN. 1 wish to say to my col-
