1470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
New York [Mr. Wheeler] if he designs to
admit any amendment or to allow auy oppor-
tunity for discussion ?
Mr. WHEELER. In reply to the inquiry
of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Bock-
ley] I beg to say that I design simply to offer
one amendment myself, and then to test the
sense of the House by calling the previous
question; and if the previous question is sec-
onded there will then be an hour for debate.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Does the gentleman
intend that the southern members shall vote
what is an act of injustice to their section of
the country without giving them an oppor-
tunity of discussion?
Mr. WHEELER. The southern members
must be their own judges as to what shall be
their action in this matter.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I desire to ask the
gentleman from New York whether the amend-
ment he has reported proposes to change the
gauge of the road as provided in the Senate
bill?
Mr. WHEELER. The Senate bill provided
for a gauge of five feet for this line. The bill
tif the committee simply provides that it shall
have a uniform gauge.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Will I be permitted to
offer an amendment changing the gauge back
to what it is in the Senate bill ?
Mr. WHEELER. I would have pleasure
in yielding to the gentleman to offer au amend-
ment but for the positive instructions of the
committee.
Mr. DEGENER. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to exclude from any opportunity of dis-
cussion the Representatives of Texas, through
whose territory one half Of this road passes?
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the regular
ord">r.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
question of consideration. "Will the House at
this lime consider this bill
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is it not too
late to raise that question? The bill has been
debated.
The SPEAKER. It has not been debated.
There has been some conversation by unan-
imous consent, but the bill itself has not been
debated.
The question was taken, aud there were—
ayes 107. noes 43.
Mr. H0 LAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
aud na;s. and there were—ayes twenty-six.
Ti'e SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
that is a sufficient number.
Mr. HOLMAX. Count the other side.
The other side being counted, there were—
noes one hundred and one.
Mr. AMBLER. 1 ask for tellers on order-
ing the yeas aud nays.
The question being put, there were—ayes
thirteen, not one fifth of a quorum.
So tellers were not ordered : and (more than
one fi'tii of those present having voted affirm-
atively) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 143, nays 50, not
voting 47 ; hs follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Amef, Archer, Arm-
strong. Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Bar-
num, Barry, Beuuian, Beck, Benjamin, Bennett,
Beiiiuue, Bird, Blair, Boles, Booker, Bowen,George
M. Brooks, Buck, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Kodeiick li. Butler. Caikin, Cessna. Churchill, Wil-
liam T. Cl.dk, Clinton L. Cobb. Conger, Conner,
Corker, Cowles. Darrali. Dawes,Donley, Dox, Duke,
Duval, Dyer, Fevriss, Fisher, Fox, Garfield, Gibson,
fiillillan. llamill. Hamilton. Harris, Hawkins, Hays,
Hellin, Hoar, Hoge, Holmes. Hooper. Hotehkiss,
Jenekes. Johnson, Alexander It. Jones, Thomas L.
Jones. Jndd, Keiley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham.
knapp. La«h, Lewis, Logan. Long, Lynch, Man-
nine, Majbam, Maynaid, McCarthy, McCormick,
McGrew, Mclvee. McKenzie, Milnes, William
Moore, Morey, Morphis, Duniel J. Morrellv Sam-
uel P. Morrifl. Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Negley,
Xewshuin, O'Neill, Halbert E. Paine. William W.
Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Phelps. Piatt, Poland,
l'oni eroy. Porter, Price, Prosser, Rainey, Rogers,
Hoots, Sanf'ord, Sargent. Sawyer, Sehuniaker,
Slianks, Lionel A. Sheldon. Sherrod. Shober, Jo-
eeth S. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Stokes, Stone, Strader, Strickland, Swann,
Taffe. Tanner, Tillman, Townsend.Trimble. Twich-
ell. Van Horn. Wallace. Wells. Wheeler, Whiteley,
Wbitmore, Wilkinson. Williams, Eugene M. Wil-
son, Witeher. Wolf, and Woodward—143.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Beatty, Buck-
ley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burr, Sidney Clarke,
AmasaCobb, Coburn, Cook, Cox, Cullom, Deeener,
Dickinson. Ela, Finkelnbure, Gets, Haight, Halde-
man, Hawley, Hay, Hill, Holman, Julian, Kerr,
Lawrence, Marshall, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore,
Nibl&ck, Orth. Packard, Randall, Reeves, Scofield,
John A. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Steven-
son, Stiles. Strong, Tyner. Van Trump, Voorhees,
Welker, Willard, John T. Wilson. Winans, and
W ood—50.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Amell, Asper, Benton,
Biggs, Bingham. Boyd, James Brooks, Cake, Cleve-
land, Crebs. Dickey. Joseph Dixon, Nathan F.
Dixon. Dockery, Eldridge. Farnsworth, Ferry,
Fitch. Griswold, Hale. Hambleton, Ingersoil,
Knott, Iinflin. Loughridge. McCrary, McNeely,.
Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Packer. Peters, Potter,
Rice, Porter Sheldon, Slocum, Stoughton, Sweeney,
Svpher. Taylor. Upson. Van Auken, Van Wyck,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn. WilliamB. Wash-
burn, Winchester, and Young—47,
So the House voted to consider the bill.
During the roll-call,
Mr. PECK stated that upon all votes in rela-
tion to this bill he was paired with Mr. Laf-
lih. Mr. Laflix would vote "ay," and he
(Mr. Peck) "no." He also stated that Mr.
Stoughton had been obliged to leave the
House on account of sickness.
Mr. CREBS stated that he was paired upon
all votes upon this bill with his colleague,
Mr. Moore, who- was for the bill and he (Mr.
Crebs) against it.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
state very summarily the difference between
the amendment offered by the committee of
the House and the Senate bill. The Senate
bill comes here with six different branches
upon it, for six different lines, aggregating in
their length almost double the length of the
main line, and providing for more than double
the subsidy. The amendment I have reported
from the Committee on the Pacific Railroad
provides for a simple, naked trunk line from
Marshall, Texas, to San Diego, in California.
The Senate bill fixed the gauge at five feet.
The bill, as I have reported it, simply states
that the road shall have a uniform gauge.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask htm a question ?
Mr. WHEELER. Certainly.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Is not the gauge of all
the southern States five feet?
Mr. WHEELER. I am so informed.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Then why fix this at
a different gauge?
Mr. WHEELER. The gauge is not estab-
lished in this bill. It is only provided that
the road shall have a uniform gauge. The
committee thought that the matter ought to be
left to the men who are to build the road.
Mr. PLATT. May I ask the gentleman a
question ?
Mr. WHEELER. Certainly.
Mr. PLATT. Will the gentleman state the
reasons which induce the committee to strike
out of this bill the provision requiring a gauge
of five feet?
Mr. WHEELER. The only reason that
actuated the committee was that it is not
within our knowledge that any statute has ever
undertaken to fix the gauge of a railroad.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Oh, yes ; the act in rela-
tion to the Central Pacific railroad, passed
March 3. 1863, did.
Mr. WHEELER. I repeat that this bill
provides simply that there shall be a uniform
gauge. The committee thought this matter
ought to be left to the men who construct the
road, and that it should be regulated according
to the business ot the road.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I would ask the gen-
tleman, if it is not essential to the commercial
interests of the South that the gauge of this
road Bhould correspond with the gauge of all
the southern roads ?
Mr. WHEELER. That is a practical ques-
tion for the business men who shall build the
road.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. It is a question that
ought to be decided by Congress.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to have read the act in relation to the Cen-
tral Pacific road ?
Mr. WHEELER. I cannot yield now. I
have stated the differences between the Sen-
ate bill and the bill as the committee propose
to make it. The main difference is that which
strikes from the Senate bill all those branches
which call for over thirteen million acres of
land. The Senate bill, as it came to this
House, called for over twenty-six million acres
in the aggregate. The bill, as it is proposed
by the Committee on the Pacific Railroad to
have it amended, calls for about thirteen mil-
lion acres of land.
My attention has been called by the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. J odd] to the fourth
section of the amendment, relative to consoli-
dation. He thinks the power conferred by
that section is too broad. And at his sugges-
tion, and upon hisrequest, and for his benefit,
I propose to amend the fourth section of the
amendment by inserting after the word " au-
thority," near the close of the section, the
words " on the route prescribed in the first
section of this act."
Mr. RANDALL. How will the section then
read ?
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said
South Pacific Railway Companysh*all have power and
lawful authority to purchase the stock, land grants,
franchises, and appurtenances of, and consolidate
on such terms as may be agreed upou between the
parties with, any railroad company or companies
heretofore, or that may hereafter be, chartered by
congressional. State, or territorial authority, on tho
route prescribed in the 6rst section of this act; but
no such consolidation shall be with any competing
through line of railroads to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. PERCE. Will the gentleman yield to
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Buckley]
to offer his amendment?
Mr. WHEELER. In obedience to the in-
structions of the committee, I must decline to
yield.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire, for
myself, and I believe, also, for many others
on this floor, to ask the gentleman a question
that will include in it three specific points;
and I ask it in order that his answers may
become a part of the record, and show the
intentions of those who shall aid to make this
bill a law. But, before I ask the question, I
desire to say that while I fully share in the
general sentiment of the country, that we
ought to put a speedy and effective end to
the policy of granting the public lauds to rail-
way corporations, yet I say now, as I have
repeatedly said in the presence of the citizens
of my own and other States, that, as a great
act of commercial justice to the South, Con-
gress should, by a grant of public lands, aid
the people of the South and Southwest to build
a great continental line of road, as we have
aided to build a line across the North and the
center. But, I will not vote for any such
measure unless three conditions are absolutely
secure: first, that no public land shall be
granted for any branches, cross roads, or local
roads whatever; and that the bill shall con-
fine the grant to the great national purpose
of a southern trunk line to the Pacific ocean ;
and I ask the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wheeler] if this bill is so complicated with
any branch roads?
Mr. WHEELER. It is not; it has been
the aim of the committee to strip this bill of
everything of the kind.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In the second
place, I ask the gentleman if this bill grants
any subsidy or in any way loans the credit of
the Government to aid this railroad?
Mr. WHEELER. Not one dollar, directly
i or indirectly.
