1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
41st Gong....3b Sess.
Revenue Reform—Mr. Asper*
Ho. 01? Reps.
lions, this treasonable disregard and viola-
tion of the organic law by men in high official
position, sworn to obey, maintain, and en-
force it, he is told to keep quiet; that it is all
done in the name of loyalty, and that loyalty
should flourish, while " treason shall be made
odious."
I am a law-abiding man. I always obey the
law, and am always ready to assist the consti-
tuted authorities in its enforcement; but I have
said to the Texan people, and wish to repeat it
here, that the enactment referred to is not law,
because it is in known conflict with several
expressed provisions of the Constitution of the
United States. The Legislature that presumed
to enact it and the Governor that approved
it, in common with every other person of any
judgment or intelligence whatever, know this.
Therefore, should the Governor attempt to
quarter upon me his white and black lazza-
roni, to insult my family and oppress me with
taxation, I will meet him upon the threshold,
as I would meet any other desperado, with the
rifle.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have referred to an
existing statute in my own State in no spirit
of unkindness for the Legislature or the Gov-
ernor, for I hope and believe they intend to do
better. But, sir, 1 have spoken of it to illus-
trate the character of legislation we are forced
to endure in consequence of the prescriptive
p-olicy of disfranchisement persisted in by this
Congress and this Administration. What is
true of Texas is true of most of the southern
States.
These are the results of those measures of
bate which call for relief, and to which we can
find no parallel in the history of any country.
I am glad to see on the part of my Repub-
lican colleagues here a disposition to assist ia
wiping those odious measures from the na-
tional statute-books. But they have gathered
their faith very lately, and I suspect that they
are not sincere. Only last summer, when the
gentleman from New York, not now in his
seat, offered to the House a resolution instruct-
ing the Committee on Reconstruction to report
a bijl for general relief from all political dis-
abilities, on the calling of the yeas and nays
all of my colleagues, and especially the one
[Mr. Degener] who talked so muoh this morn-
ing about geneval enfranchisement, recorded
their votes against it. But the verdict of the
people has been given since then. Elections
have been held generally throughout the coun-
try. On the 4th of March the Republican
two thirds upon this floor will be buried, to be
resurrected never more forever. Times change,
the fortunes of political parties change, and
why should not men change? I congratulate
the country upon the change of the -political
complexion of this House, and I congratulate
my colleague [Mr. Degener.] upon the change
that has come over the spirit of his amnesty
dream. Truly,
" For ways that are dark,
And for tricks that are vain,"
my friend and colleague is peculiar.
Mr. Speaker, I read in the result of the
late elections the sure and inevitable over-
throw of Republicanism and Radicalism in
America. It is written in letters of flaming
fire, more ominously terrible of human destiny
than the handwriting which appeared on the
wall at the feast of Belshazzar, foretelling the
downfall and the overthrow of the Babylonian
dynasty.
My colleague says that he is perfectly will-
ing now to let confederates come here, be-
cause he knows they will come anyhow; that
he prefers them to " cat's-paws." That was
doubtless a fling at me. Sir, a man is not very
likely to become the cat's-paw of a party that is
powerless. It is not around the weak that, cat's-
paws hover, but around the strong and the
powerful. Cat's-paws are rarely found defend-
ing the cause of innocence and virtue, or advo-
cating the rights of a slandered and oppressed
people, but are_ often found in the service of
the Administration, fawningly gathering the
crumbs that fall from the table of this rich
man, the President.
When I went to Texas I found anarchy and
corruption pervading every department of its
State government. I saw the best men
oppressed. The very walls echoed to the
muffled tread of paid spies in the service of
the authorities. Patriots bowed their heads
with shame and trembled, while brave men
talked in bated whispers. Soldiefs wearing
the uniform of the Army of the United States
would go, and did go, into the stables of
private citizens, and without authority of law
take out a horse, private property, and claim
it as a military necessity. These are the cir-
cumstances under which I became the cat's-
paw of the "rebels " of Texas.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Revenue Reform.
SPEECH OF HON. JOEL F. ASPER,
OF MISS0UIU,
In the House or Representatives,
January 21, 1871.
The House, as in the Committee of the Whole,
having under consideration the President's annual
message—
Mr. ASPER said:
Mr. Speaker : As the House is in session
to-day as in Committee of the Whole for the
consideration of the President's message, I
propose to address myself to that portion of
the message which relates to revenue reform.
And in order that there may be no misunder-
standing as to the terms of that portion of the
message under consideration, I send to the
Clerk's desk, to be read, an extract from the
President's annual message.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The evils of a depreciated and fluctuating cur-
rency are so great that, now, when the premium on
gold has fallen so much, it would seem that the time
has arrived when, by wise and prudent legislation,
Congress should look to a policy which would place
our currency at par with gold at no distant da.y. The
tax collected from the people has been reduced more
than eight million dollars per annum. By steadi-
ness in our present course there is no reason why,
in a few short years, tlio national tax-gatherer may
not disappear from the door of the citizen almost
entirely. With the revenue stamp dispensed by
postmasters in every community, a tax upon liquors
of all sorts, and tobacco in all its forms, and by a
wiso adjustment of the tariff, which will put a
duty only upon those articles which we could dis-
pense with, known as luxuries, and on those which
we use more of than we produce, revenue enough
may be raised after a few years of peace and conse-
quent reduction of indebtedness to fulfill all our
obligations.
"a further reduction of expenses, in addition to a
reduction of interest account, may be relied on to
make this practicable. Revenue reform, if it means
this, has my hearty support. If it implies a col-
lection of all revenue for the support of Govern-
ment, for the payment of principal and interest on
tho public debt, pensions, &c„ by directly taxing
the people, then I am against revenue reform and
confidently believe the people are with me. If it
means failure to provide tho necessary means to
defray all the expenses of Government, and thereby
repudiation of the public debt and pensions, then
I am still more opposed to such kind of revenue
reform. , ,, ...
"Revenue reform has not been denned Dy any oi its
advocates to my knowledge, but seems to be accepted
as something which is to supply every man's wants,
without any cost or effort on his part. A true reve-
nue reform cannot bo mado in a day but must be tho
work of national legislation and of time. As soon as
the revenue can be dispensed with all duty shcrtild
be removed from coffee, tea, and other articles of
universal use, not produced by ourselves, lh©
necessities of the country compel us to collect rev-
enue from our imports."
Mr. ASPER. Mr. Speaker, I am not insens-
ible to the gravity of this question. I know
very well that it is one which comprehends a
great deal, not only in its effects but also in
its application to the industries of the country.
Revenue reform, as I understand it, does not
apply merely to the reform of the manner of
collecting the revenue, whether it shall be
collected from internal duties, or from impost
duties, but it comprehends an adjustment of
the revenue in such a way as to relieve the
pressure and the restrictions which no# rest
upon trade, and to relieve the burdens which
rtest upon the great masses of the people of the
counter. To-day, sir, the farmer is oppressed
and the laborer is oppressed by the manner in
which our impost duties are adjusted, and rev-
enue reform comprehends a relief to them and
to the labor of the country and all its varied
industries.
Now, I am aware, sir, that the revenue
reformers are called free-traders. We do not
propose, I do not propose, sir, to do away with
custom-houses. I do not propose, so far as I
am concerned, to do away with an impost
duty; for I believe that that affords the best
and the easiest way of raising the revenue. I
desire, sir, for one, as a revenue reformer—
and I am proud to acknowledge the applica-
tion of the term to myself as a resident of the
great western portion of the country; I desire
that in its application it should be applied 10
those articles of import which we do not pro-
duce ourselves and which enter into general
consumption throughout the country, and not
as a general tiling to those articles which we
produce and manufacture here within our-
selves. This adjustment would be on a lev-
enue basis purely, and could in no way give
bounties to any special interests.
I do not propose, sir, to be a repudiator. 1
am not a repudiator. I am not to be reckoned
in that class, if there be any such, and I believe
that generally the repudiators have been re-
pudiated throughout the entire country. I am
not one of those. I am not insensible to the
fact that it is necessary to raise revenue not
only to pay the interest on the debt, but that
it is necessary to raise revenue to discharge
the ordinary and the extraordinary expenses
of the Government; and in raisingthat amount,
I believe that we should so adjust the burdens
of taxation that they should rest squally upon
all the citizens of the country.
Now, how much revenue is "it necessary to
raise in order to discharge the obligations of
the Government? I find, by reference to our
book of estimates, prepared at the Treasury,
that in 1870 the estimates were $328,360,350 OA
The appropriations were $300,337,086 44. Of
this there was for interest $117,469,959; for
the sinking fund there was $28,328,749; for
collecting impost duties the appropriations
were $5,000,000. Now, the estimates for the
present year, upon which Congress is to pass
in the appropriation bills which are how being
run through this Congress are $309,635,319. I
find, by reference to the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, that we collected during the
last year from impost duties $194,538,374 44;
from internal revenue, $185,128,859 37 ; from
the sale of the public lands, $3,350,481 7(3;
from miscellaneous sources, $28,237,762 01;
in all, $411,255,477 63. The expenditures for
the same period were, according to this report,
$309,653,560 75; and during that year there
was paid upon the national debt, including
the sinking fund, $101,601,916 88; and the
Secretary says " the currency balance in the
Treasury has been unusually and for imme-
diate purposes unnecessarily large."
Now, then, it seems to me, from these figures,
that we can readily form an estimate of the
amount it will be necessary to raise. Is it
necessary for us to raise this large amount of
revenue 1 Ought we to be taxing the people
in the manner in which we have been doing
for the last five or six years through impost
duties, in order to raise $200,000,000 year by
