1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
645
authority is carefully reserved and confided to
the legislative discretion of the General Gov-
ernment.
Mr. COOK. I want to say to the House, in
this connection, that I especially asked the
opinion of some of the judges of the Supreme
Court, and of some of the most distinguished
lawyers in this District, on this point.
Mr. POLAND. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. COOK. Certainly.
Mr. POLAND. The construction of this
section of the Constitution was one which was
very much debated at the time of the forma-
tion of the Constitution. I would refer to the
forty-third number of the Federalist, where it
is declared that there is no question but what,
under this clause of the Constitution, Congress
has the power to delegate legislative power to
a local Legislature. And Judge Story, in the
third volume of his Commentaries on the Con-
stitution, cites approvingly this declaration of
the Federalist. There is therefore very weighty
authority in <avor of this power.
Several Members. Bead it.
Mr. POLAND. In No. 43 of the Federalist
Mr. Madison says:
"The extent of this Federal district is sufficiently
circumscribed to satisfy every jealousy of an opposite
nature. And as it is to be appropriated to this^use,
with the consent of the State ceding it; as the State
will no doubt provide in the compact for the rights
and the consent of the citizens inhabiting it; as the
inhabitants will find sufficient inducements of inter-
est to become willing parties to the cession; as they
will have bad their voice in the election of the gov-
ernment which is to exercise authority over them;
:ts a municipal legislature for local purposes derived
from their own suffrages will of course be allowed
them," &c.
Mr. COOK. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] insist on a vote
upon his amendment?
Mr. IIOAK. No, sir; I withdraw it.
The next section was read as follows;
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be appointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, a secretary of said District,
who shall reside therein and possess the qualification
of an elector, and shall hold his office for four years,
and until his successor shall be appointed and qual-
ified. lie fchall record andprescrve all laws and pro-
ceedings of the Legislative Assembly hereinafter
constituted, and all the acts and proceeding?
Governor in his executive department. He shall
transmit one copy of the lavr^ and journals ot the
Legislative Assembly withm thirty days alter the
end of each session, and one copy of the executive
proceedings and official correspondence semi-annu-
ally, on the 1st days of January and July in each
year, to the President ol the United btates, and four
conies of the laws to the President of the Senate and
to'the Speaker of the House of Representatives, for
the use of Congress. And in case ot the death, removal,
resignation, disability, or absence of the Governor
from the District, the secretary shall be, and ne is
hereby, authorized and required lo execute and per-
form allthe powers and duties of the Governor during
buch vacancy, disability, or abscnee, or until another
Governor shall be duly appointed and qualified to till
such vacancy. And in case the oiSces of Governor
and secretary shall both become vacant, toe powers,
duties, and emoluments of the oih.ee of Governor
shall devolve upon the presiding officer oi tne coun-
cil, and in case that office shall also be vacant, upon
the presiding officer of tiie house of representatives,
until the office shall be filled by o new appointment.
Mr. COOK. I move to amend the section
just read by striking out in the last clause the
word " representatives," and inserting in lieu
thereof "delegates/'
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read as iollows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That legislative
power and authority in said District shall be vested
m a Legislative Assembly, as hereinafter provided.
The Legislative Assembly shall consist of a council
raid house ot representatives.^ Ihe council shall
ousir-t of eleven members, 1^ ing the qualifications
oi voters, as hereinafter prescribed, whoso term ot
.service -ii:: i 1 continue two years. The liouse of rep-
rofer.ialives thai) eonnat of twenty-two members,
roi-sessinsj the same qualifications as prescribed lor
tne members ot the council, whose term ol service
>ua\l continue one year. An apportionment snail be
made, nearly equal as pi-icne-ible, into eleven dis-
tiiets. for the appointment of tne council, and into
r\Yent\-two district:* for tbe ckeuon ot represcnta-
lives, giving to ei.-U f; ctlon -f.tho Lhetiu-t reprc-
.-entationhi the rMi,t t's ouuluicu voters, ft.'iieaiiy
as may be. And the members of the council and of
the house of representatives shall reside in and be
inhabitants of the districts from which they are
appointed or elected, respectively. The first elec-
tion for Governor, secretary, and members of the
house of representatives shall be held at such time;
within sixty days from .the passage of this act, and
at suck places, and be conducted in such manner,
both as to the persons who shall superintend such
election and the returns thereof, as the Governor
shall appoint and direct: and the persons having the
highest number of legal votes for the house of rep-
resentatives in eaeh of said representative districts,
respectively, shall be declared by the Governor to
be duly elected members of said house: Provide<J,
That in case two or more persons voted for shall
have an eciual number of votes for the same office,
or if a vacancy shall occur in the house of repre-
sentatives, the Governor shall order a new election.
And the persons thus appointed and elected to the
Legislative Assembly shall meet at such time and at
such place as the.Governor shall appoint; butthere-
after the time, place, and manner of holding and
conducting all elections by the people, and the form-
ation ot the district for members of the council and
house of representatives shall be prescribed by law,
as well as the day of the commencement of the reg-
ular sessions of the Legislative Assembly : Provided,
That no session in any one year shall exceed the
term of sixty days, except the first session, which
may continue one hundred days.
Mr. COOK. I move to amend the section
just read by striking out the word "represent-
atives" wherever it occurs and inserting in
lieu thereof " delegates."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COOK. I move to amend, by striking
out in the clause of the bill with reference to
the election of members of the house of dele-
gates, the words " Governor, secretary, and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COOK. I move to amend by striking
out in the third clause of the section, after the
words "eleven members," the word "hav-
ing," and inserting the words "who shall be
appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and who
shall have;" and further to amend the third
clause by inserting after the words "herein-
after prescribed" the words " five of whom
shall be first appointed for the term of one
year and six for the period of two years; pro-
vided that all subsequent appointments shall
be for the term of two years." I call the
previous question on this amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the gentleman
will not call the previous question without
giving us an opportunity for at least a few
words of discussion on this proposition. There
is one point to which I wish to direct the at-
tention of the House. I assume that the con-
struction adopted by my colleague [Mr. Wood-
ward] and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bixgham] is correct. I am inclined to believe,
judging the question by the rules of common
sense, that they are correct, especially in view
of the citation from Judge Story, which clearly
establishes the right of Congress to delegate
the legislative power with reference to this
District. Yet I am unwilling to delegate this
legislative power in a manner which seems to
me objectionable. My objection is not founded
upon any personal or partisan reason ; for it is
likely that this bill, it" passed, will remain
upon the statute-book long after the present
incumbent of the presidential office shall have
retired. But I do object to delegating this
legislative power in any other manner than we
have adopted with reference to all the Terri-
tones.
It is an entirely new feature for Congress to
delegate legislative powers in the manner here
pronosed. So tar as I know, there has been
no instance where the President of the United
States has been intrusted with the appoint-
ment of either branch of Legislative Assembly
of any Territory. I insist that if we do dele-
gate this power of legislation, we shall delegate
ft directly to the people, so that both branches
of the legislative body shall emanate from the
popular suffrages. Nothing can be feared, m
my judgment, from delegating this power to
the people. If either branch of the Legislative
Assembly shall fail to perform its duty, the
remedy will be in the hands of the people, i
hope, therefore, the House will duly and amy
consider the proposition in the amendment af
the committee, which gives to one person the
right of appointing the entire body of the
highest branch of the Legislature, as provided
in this bill for the government of the District
of Columbia.
enrolled bills.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled the following bills and
joint resolution ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 2252) for the relief of
Malinda Harmon, widow of Jacob Harmon,
deceased, of Green county, Tennessee ;
An act (H. R. No. 2355) for the relief of
Pierpont Seymour, of East Bloomfield, New
York; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 368) for the
relief of Charles P. Elgin.
goyernmekt foe the district 01? columbia.
Mr. BLA. I propose in section five, line
twelve, to strike out the words " for the
appointment of the council'' and insert "for
the election of councils and in line thirty-
one, same section, to strike out the words
"appointed and."
Mr. Speaker, I do this for the reason that I
wish to present the question fairly to the House,
whether they are ready to enter upon the pro-
mulgation of the doctrine that the people shall
have no voice in the government under which
they are to live, or whether the people shall
have a voice in the selection of those who are
to administer tbe government for them. This
bill, as it now stands, will not allow the elec-
tion by the people of the members of their own
Legislature ; and that being so, I ask gentle-
men why not come to it directly and provide
for the establishment of a commission for the
government of the people, instead of going
through the farce of electing one body which
can have no voice unless agreed to by another
body appointed by the President, and which
may then be vetoed by still another appointed
power, which requires a two-thirds vote of
both the others before it can be overcome.
I am surprised that the Democrats on this
floor advocate the doctrine that the appointing
power shall appoint the officers who are to
control the government of the District. That
doctrine carried out would provide that the
Governor of the State of New York should
appoint all the officers of the city of_ New
York and the officers Of every othercity in
that State : and so it would be with the Gov-
ernor of every other State in the Union. If
we are not to allow the people the choice of
their own legislative body, why not put this
city under the government of a commission at
once and trample out the idea of the people
having a voice in their own affairs by direct
action? I can see that the advocacy of this
measure comes largely from the other side of
the House, from the men who have uniformly
resisted the elevation of the colored men ol
this country to the right of suffrage, and to get
rid of which they are putting the legislation
of the District in the hands of the President,
which will prove to him ail embarrassing and
uncomfortable work.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COOK. I wish to say one word. This
proposition allows the United States to have a
voice in the control of this District, to whom
it belongs, and it does not, as the gentlemen
would seem to have it, subject it exclusively
to the control of an accidental majority ot the
voters here. If we are not prepared now to
surrender all interest in and all control oyer the
property of the United States in this District,
this provision of the bill will be sustained,
now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; which was first on Mr.
Ela's amendment.
The question beingput on Mr. Ela s amend-
ment.
