648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the communication will take the usual course,
and be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
There was no objection : and it was ordered
accordingly.
sale of mbnomonee indian lands.
On motion of Mr. ARMSTRONG, and by
unanimous consent, the House took from the
Speaker's table a bill (S. No. 849) to author-
ize the sale of certain lands reserved for the
Menomonee Indians in the State of Wiscon-
sin, returned from the Senate with a message
of non-concurrence in the amendment of the
House.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection a
committee of conference will be requested on
the part of the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER appointed as the managers
of said conference on the part of the House,
Mr. Armstrong, Mr. Beck, and Mr. Sar-
gent.
swamp and overflowed lands.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous con-
sent to present an amendment to House bill
No. 14C0, to define swamp and overflowed
lands, in order that it may be referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands and ordered
to be printed.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
reconsideration of references.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider all
references and recommittals to-day; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on iho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
education in the district.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is the consideration of House bill
No. 20CG, providing for a uniform system
of education for the District of Columbia,
reported back from the Committee for the
District of Columbia by the gentleman from
Florida, [Mr. Hamilton.]
Mr. SCOFIELD, I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. WELKER. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. If we now adjourn, what will become
of the pending bill?
The SPEAKER. It will go over to the
third Friday in February and come up as un-
finished business at two o'clock on that day.
The Chair will further state that, by order of
the House, the session to-morrow will be for
debate alone, no business whatever to be trans-
acted, and that the gentleman from Indiana,
Mr. Tyner, will occupy the chair.
Mr. Scofibld's motion was agreed to; and
then (at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c.,were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. DICKINSON: The petition of B.
Schinness and others, citizens of Tiffin, Ohio,
praying for the repeal of the special tax on
sales of manufactured tobacco, snuff, and
cigars.
By Mr. DOX: A petition of sundry citi-
zens of Ashville, St. Clair county, in the State
of Alabama, asking for establishment of a mail
route between Ashville and Ashville Depot, on
the Alabama and Chattanooga railroad, in
said State.
^ By Mr. I-IOLMAN: The petition of J. P.
Chew, William H. Lyons, Samuel Chapman,
and E. F. Sibley, of Indiana, protesting against
the Post Office Department manufacturing and
selling envelopes at or below cost to the Gov-
ernment and delivering the same free of charge
and printing business cards on the same gra-
tuitously as an unjust interference with the
business of private citizens.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
memorial and petition of certain dealers in
cork wood and corks, of New York, praying
Congress to place imported corks on the free
list.
By Mr. MAYHAM: The petition of John
Ahearn, praying to be indemnified for losses
sustained by him on contract made with the
acting assistant provost marshal general of the
northern district of New York.
By Mr. McKENZlE: A petition of a num-
ber of citizens of Stafford county, Virginia,
asking for an appropriation for the purpose
of cleaning out and improving Aquia Creek.
By Mr. NEGLEY: The memorial of Nicho-
las J. Bigley, of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, for
payment of steam-tug and coal furnished to
United States Government in pursuance of
orders of assistant quartermaster United States
Army.
By Mr. PHELPS : The petition of John E.
I Parr, late lieutenant colonel one hundred and
| thirty-ninth Pennsylvania volunteers, asking
for increase of pension.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of Samuel
M. Bailey and 71 others, citizens of Rich-
mond, Virginia, praying the removal of the tax
on sales of manufactured tobacco, snuff, and
cigars.
Also, the petition of David Norvell, post-
master at Bremo Bluff, Fluvanna county, Vir-
ginia, praying compensation for the value of
United States postage stamps destroyed by the
late freshet.
By Mr. REEVES: A petition of citizens
of Jamaica, Long Island, for a pension to Jane
Asaph.
By Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee: A petition
of deputy United Stales marshals, for increase
of pay for taking the census.
Also, a petition of citizens of Tennessee,
asking for common schools at the South.
By Mr. TW1CIIELL: The petition of
Thomas Groom & Co. and others.
By Mr. UPSON : The petition of li. K.
Winslow and 21 others, members of the Board
; of Trade of Cleveland, Ohio, for the passage of
| a joint resolution to secure eligibility to Amer-
! ican ships for foreign trade and to encourage
j ship-building in the United States.
Also, the petition of S. F. Drake and 10
others, citizens of Cleveland, Ohio, on the
same subject.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 21, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order of business.
'i'ho SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Tyner in
the chair.) By order of the House, the session
of to-day is for debate only, as in Committee
of the Whole, no business to be transacted.
message from this senate.
A message from'the Senate, by Mr. Sy.mpson,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, a bill
of the following title:
A bill (H. R. No. 2777) for the relief of Henry
H. Hoyt, late of the fifth regiment of Wisconsin
volunteer infantry.
revenue reform.
Mr. ASPER addressed the House on the
subject of revenue reform. [His remarks are
j in the Appendix.]
the overshadowing question.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, nothing is more
li remarkable than the growing tendency of i
legislation in this country to lend itself to the
service of capital, of great corporations, of
monopolies of every sort, while too often turn-
ing an unfriendly eye upon the people, and
especially upon the laboring poor. The cause
of this may fairly be traced to the evil genius
of the times, which makes the greed for sud-
den wealth a sort of devouring passion, and
thus naturally clutches the machinery of gov-
ernment in the accomplishment of its pur-
poses. This bad spirit, which has been stead-
ily marching toward its alarming ascendency
since the outbreak of the late civil war, writes
itself down upon every phase of society and
life. It breeds political corruption in the most
gigantic and frightful forms. It whets the
appetite for public plunder, and through the
aggregation of capital in the hands of the
cunning and the unscrupulous it menaces the
equal rights of the people and the well-being
of society. So malign a spirit must be reso-
lutely confronted. It is no mere question of
party politics, for it threatens the life of all
parties, and the perpetuity of the Government
itself. It not only invokes the saving offices
of the preacher and the moralist, but it sum-
mons to new duties and increased vigilance
every man who really concerns himself for the
welfare of liis country.
Mr. Speaker, I believe the evil to which I
refer finds some explanation in the false teach-
ing of political economy. According to many
of the leading writers oil this science, its fund-
amental idea is the creation and increase of
productive wealth. If farming on a great
scale, carried on with the skill and appliances
which concentrated capital can command and
methodize, will yield greater results than the
tillage of the soil in small homesteads and by
ruder methods, then the system of large farm-
ing must be preferred, though it deprives mul-
titudes of the poor of all opportunity to acquire
homes and independence, and entails the
appalling evils of landlordism and the whole
brood of mischiefs with which the monopoly
of the soil has scourged the people in every
age of the world. So, if manufacturing on a
grand scale, with the perfected machinery and
cheap labor which capital can wield will turn
out a larger product and a-t lower rates than
numerous small industries, then such manu-
factures must be fostered, though the policy
pauperizes and brutalizes thousands of human
beings, who take rank as " operatives," and
whose existence is thus made a curse rather
than a blessing. Sir, I protest against such
principles as both false and unjust. "The
increase of wealth," says Sismondi, "is not
the end in political economy, but its instru-
ment in procuring the happiness of all. It
has for its object man, not wealth. It regards
chiefly the producer, and strives for the wel-
fare of the whole people through a just dis-
tribution. It is not the object of nations to
produce the greatest quantity of work at the
cheapest rate."
In the light of these broad and humane
principles I interpret the duty of the Govern-
ment. Its mission, within the sphere of its
just powers, is to protect labor, the source
of all wealth, and to seek constantly the well-
being of the millions who toil. Capital can
take care of itself. Always sagacious, sleep-
less, and aggressive, it holds all the advantages
in its battle with labor. The balance of power
falls so naturally into its hands that labor ha-;
no opportunity to make a just bargain. The
labor market, it has been well observed, differs
from every other. The seller of every other
commodity has the option to sell or not; but
the commodity the workingman brings is life.
He must sell it or die. Labor, therefore,
should not be regarded as merchandise, to be
bought and sold, and governed entirely by the
law of supply and demand, but as capital, and
its human needs should alwaj's be considered.
"The rugged face of society," says a cele-
brated writer, "checkered with the extremes
of affluence and want, proves that some ex-
