1474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
disagreement to the amendments of the Senate and
agree to the same.
L. P. POLAND,
GEO. F. HOAR,
CLARKSON N. POTTER,
Managers on ike part of the House.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
H. B. ANTHONY,
GARRETT DAVIS.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, before asking
the House to agree to the report of the con-
ferees agreeing to the Senate amendments
to this bill, I desire to say a few words in ex-
planation. The managers on the part of the
House have agreed to recommend concurrence
in one amendment of the Senate, against their
own wish and judgment as to its propriety,
and the judgment of the House as expressed
in the passage of the bill. The importance of
the whole bill arises mainly from the fact that
all our national statutes are now in process of
revision, and in such a state of forwardness as
to warrant the expectation that we may soon
have a well-arranged and compacted body of
operative statutes.
The first section of the bill proposed to sub-
stitute an enacting clause in the words " Be it
enacted by the Congress of the United States,"
in lieu of the present voluminous and cum-
brous form, " Be it enacted by the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States
of America in Congress assembled," and that
no further enacting words shall be used except
in the first section of a bill. The other sec-
tions established a few general rules for the
construction of statutes, and the effect of re-
pealing statutes, all designed to avoid prolixity
and tautology in drawing statutes and to pre-
vent doubt and embarrassment in their con-
struction.
The amendments of the Senate to all the
sections of the bill except the first were merely
verbal, and were readily agreed to. The
amendment proposed by the Senate to the
first section is to restore the old form of enact-
ing clause. The reasons urged in the Senate,
and repeated in our deliberations, for adher-
ing to the old form, and refusing to agree to
the change proposed by the House, were two:
First. That this form was adopted by the
fathers and framers of the Constitution : that
ithas become time-honored and historical, and
should therefore be preserved and held in rev-
erence.
Second. That the existing form enunciated
a great constitutional truth to all people in
every enactment, to wit, that the Congress of
the United States is composed of two bodies,
a Senate and a House of Representatives, and
that so long as this form shall be kept in use
this great fact will never be lost sight of. It
was suggested, too, that in this seemingly inno-
cent act there is a lurking purpose, at some
time and in some way, without anybody know-
ing when or bow, one of these bodies is to be
dispensed with and all legislative power be
usurped by the other.
The managers on the part of the House
were not so deeply impressed with the force
of these reasons as perhaps they ought to have
been. The short and comprehensive form pro-
posed by the House bill they thought in better
accord with the language and spirit of the Con-
stitution itself, which declares that the legis-
lative powers hereia granted " shall be vested
in a Congress of the United States, which shall
consist," &c. In all the subsequent parts of
the Constitution, where the powers, duties, and
limitations upon Congress are spoken of, only
the words " Congress " or the " Congress " are
used. It did not soem to us more needful to
express how the Congress is composed than to
give the particulars of the organization of the
respective Houses. It cannot be denied that
the new form proposed contains every idea
expressed in the old; the objection is that it
uses only half the number of words. During
the last quarter of a century great efforts have
been made both i  England aud ia this coun-
try, by the makers and administrators of the
law, to get rid of the oppressive verbosity and
tautology which once seemed almost inherent
in all legal proceedings, and to make not only
statutes, but all legal forms, as simple as pos-
sible.
The age has become so utilitarian in this
respect that your committee thought they might
well urge so mild a reform without being re-
garded as ruthless violators of the work of the
revered constitutional fathers. In looking
into the origin of the present form of enacting'
clause we found that the fathers had the same
disagreement with their descendants. Upon
the first bill ever passed by Congress the two
Houses disagreed, the House proposing the
same form which they now propose, and the
Senate insisting and prevailing in the adop-
tion of the form which has been thus far used.
An examination of the early proceedings of
Congress shows a much stronger attachment
to high-sounding and monarchical forms on the
part ef the Senate than of the House, although
the House contained several constitutional
fathers, among them Mr. Madison.
One difference between the Houses was the
official title to be given to the President. The
Senate proposed he should be styled "His
Highness the President of the United States
of America and Protector of their Liberties."
The House disagreed to this, and it had
finally to be settled by a committee of con-
ference between the Houses. In this contro-
versy the House prevailed. If the Senate had
been equally fortunate in this disagreement
as in the other we should be now addressing
President Grant, and should lately have been
addressing his predecessor, as " His Highness
the President of the United States of America
and Protector of their Liberties;" and as this
would have been sacred against change, we
should continue s® to address all future Pres-
idents, male or female. Although your com-
mittee remained unconvinced (and we fear the
House will) by the arguments named, a ma-
jority of the Senate managers were entirely
unyielding; and the result must be either a dis-
agreement or an assent upon ourpart. Though
regretting that this change could not now be
made, at a time when it could at once be in-
troduced into the whole body of our statutes,
we still deemed it so desirable that the residue
of the bill should be adopted at this time, that
the revision may be made to correspond there-
with, that we yielded a reluctant assent, and
presume the House will do the same.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION CONTEST SHIELDS YS. VAN HORN.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I rise to a question of
privilege, and call up the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections on the case of Shields
vs. Yan Horn, from the sixth district of Mis-
souri.
The resolutions reported by the committee
were read as follows :
Resolved, That James Shields is not entitled to a
seat in the House of Representatives in the Forty-
First Congress from the sixth district of Missouri.
Resolved, That Robert T. Van Horn is entitled to
his seat in the House of Representatives, in the
Forty-First Congress, from tho sixth congressional
district of Missouri.
Resolved, That the Eum of $5,000 be paid to James
Shields out of the contingent fund of the House, in
full for time spent and expenses incurred in contest-
ing the right of Robert T. Van Horn to a seat in
the Forty-First Congress from the sixth district of
Missouri.
Mr. BURR. On behalf of the minority of
the committee I obtained leave to file a dis-
senting report in this case ; but I will not
press that matter, as the sense of the House
can be clearly indicated by a vote on the reso-
lution of the majority.
Mr. KELSEY. I move an amendment, to
strike out"$5,000" in the last resolution aud
insert in lien thereof " $2,500."
Mr. CHURCHILL. I call for the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. If the House should not
second the demand for the previous question
the Chair will recognize the right of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Kelsey] to offer
the amendment.
The previous question was seconded and
the mam question ordered ; which was upon
agreeing to the resolutions.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask for a separate vote
on the last resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. DAWE3. I hope the gentleman will
not press that motion. Let us stay here aud
work.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to ;
there being—ayes 62, noes 77.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the resolutions reported by the Committee of
Elections. The gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Benjamin] has asked a separate vote on the
last resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask for a separate vote
on the other two resolutions.
The first resolution was agreed to.
The second resolution was also agreed to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to
the third resolution.
Mr. VAN HORN. I hope that everybody
will vote for this resolution.
On agreeing to the resolution there were—
ayes 93, noes 52.
Mr. McGREW. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BURR. The whole Missouri delega-
tion indorse this resolution.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The whole Missouri dele-
gation do not indorse it.
Mr. BURR. The gentleman is the only
exception.
The yeas aud nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 53, not voting
79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Asper, Axtell, Banks,
Barnum, Beck, Bennett, Bethune. Biggs,Bingham,
Bird, Boles, Booker, George M. Brooks, Buckley,
Burdett, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick 11.
Butler, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill,'William T. Cijrk,
Sidney Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Conner,
Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Dickinson, Box, Dyer, Finkcln-
burg, Fisher, Fox, Garfield, Getz, Gibson, Halde-
man, Hambleton, Hamill, Harris, Hose, ilolman,
Hooper, Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr,
Lewis, Logan, Long, Manning, Marshall, Maymuu,
McCarthy, McCormick, McNeely, Milnes, Morey,
Morgan, Morphis, Daniel ,J. MorreJl, Morrissey,
Mungen, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Malbert
E. Paine, William W. Paine, Palmer, Poland, Put-
ter, Price, Randall, Reeves, Rogers, Sanford, Sar-
gent, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Shcrrod,
Shober, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Stevens,
Stevenson, Stiles, Stone, Strader, Strickland, Swann,
Taffe. Trimble, Van Auken, Van Horn, Van Trump,
Voorhees. Wallace. Wells, Whiteley, Eugeno M-
Wilson, Witeher, Wood, and Young—10S.
NAYS — Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong. Atwi>od,
Bailey. Beaman. Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Blair,
Buffinton. Burehard, Amasa Cobb, Cowles, Dawes,
Degener, Dickey, Ferriss, Ferry, Hale, 11 aw icy, liay,
Heflin, Hill, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsev, Ketclnun,
Lash, Lawrence, Maynard, McGrew, Mercur, Wil-
liam Moore, Peters, Phelps, Pomeroy, Porter, 1! ii -
ney. Sawyer, Strong, Tanner, Twieheli, Tyner, Van
Wyck, CadwaladerC. Washburn. William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Willard, Wil-
liams. John T. Wilson, and Wolf—53,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Amc.%
Arnell, Ayer. Barry, Bowen. Boyd. James Brooks,
Buck, Cake, Cleveland, Coburn, Cook, Corker, D.ir-
rall, Joseph Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon, Dockery, Don-
ley, Duke, Duval,Ela, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fitoli,
Gillillan, Griswold, Haight, Hamilton, Hawkins,
Hays, Hoar, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Alexan-
der H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Knapp. Knott, Lallin,
Loughridge, Lynch, MeCrary, McKee, McKenzie,
Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Myers, Negley, Newsham, Packer, Peek, Perec,
Piatt, Prosser, Rice, Roots, Schuinaker, Porter Shel-
don, Slocum, William J. Smith. Worthington U.
Smith, Starkweather, Stokes, Stoughton, Sweeney,
Sypher, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Upson, Ward,
Wheeler, Winans, Winchester, and Woodward—"y.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CHURCHILL moved to reconsider the'
