187 J.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1475
votes jusfe taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHURCHILL and Mr. BURR were,
by unanimous consent, granted leave to print
arguments in the Missouri contested-election
casoofShieldsvs.VanHorn. [SeeAppendix.]
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER, The first bill to be con-
sidered uuder the order of the House this
morning is the bill (H. R. No. 2995) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal years ending June 30,1870,
and June 30, 1871, and for former years, and
for other purposes, reported from the Commit-
tee on Appropriations by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrexce.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move that general
debate on the bill be closed in five minutes.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
70, noes 9; no quorum voting.
Mr, FOX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
67, noes 53.
Mr. DAWES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in theaffirmative—yeas 88, nays81, not voting
71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Asper, Axtell,
Bailey, Barnura, Beck, Benjamin, Bethune, Biggs,
Bird, James Brooks, Burchard, Burr, Calkin, Clin-
ton Xi. Cobb, Conger. Cox, Crebs, Degener, Dickin-
son, Joseph Dixon, Box, Duke,Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Finkelnburg, Fox,Getz, Gibson, Haight, Haldeman,
Harableton, Hamili, Harris. Hay, Holman, John-
son, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Judd,
Kelley. Kerr, Lash, Lewis. Marshall, Mayham, May-
n&rd, McCarthy, McCormick, Meltfeely, Milnes,
Morey, Morgan, Morphis, Morrissey, Mangen, Nib-
lack,Peters, Phelps, Pomeroy, Potter, Rainey, Ran-
dall,-Reeves. Rogers, Lionel A. Sheldon, Joseph S.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Stra-
der, Swann, Taffe, Tanner, Trimble. Van Aukcn,
Van Horn, Van Trump, Voorhees, Cadwalader C.
Washburn. Wells, Whitmore, Willard, Williams,
Witcher, Wood, Woodward, and Young—SS.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, At-
~wood, Beaman, Beatty. Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Boles, Booker, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley,
Buffinton, Roderick -It. Butler, Cessna, Churchill,
William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb,
Cohnrn, Corker, Cowles, Cullom, Dawes, Diekey,
Ela, Ferry, Fisher, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale, Haw-
ley, Hays, Hcflin, Hoar, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Ivetcham, Knapp, Lawrence, Logan, Lynch. Mc-
Crary, McGrew, MeKenzio, Mercur, William Moore,
Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Packer, Ilaibert 13. Paine, William W. Paine, Pal-
mer, Peck, Perce, Porter, Prosser, Roots, Sargent,
Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Sherrod, Stevens, Ste-
venson, Strickland, Strong, Townsend, Twichell,
Wallace, William B. Washburn. Wheeler, liugene
M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Wolf—81.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Ayer,
Banks, Barry, Bennett, Bowen, Boyd, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F. Butler. Cake, Cleveland, Conner, Cook,
Darrall, Nathan F.Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Duval,
Dyer, Eidridge, Fitch, Griswold, Hamilton, Haw-
kins, Hill, Hoge, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Inger-
soll, Jcnckes,Ivnotfc,Lafiin, Long, Loughridge, Man-
ning, McKee, Elinkim II. Moore, Jesse H. Moore,
Samuel P. Morrill, Negley, Newsham, Piatt, Po-
land, Price, Rice, Sanford, Schumaker, Porter Shel-
don, Shober*Slocum, John A. Smith, William J.
Smith, Starkweather, Stokes, Stoughton. Sweeney,
Syplier, Taylor, Tillman, Tyner, Upson, Van Wyck,
Ward, Welker, Wilkinson, Winans, and Winches-
ter—71.
So the motion was agreed to.
MAIL SERVICE IN THE GULP.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, by unani-
mous consent, moved that Senate bill No. 683,
t* authorize mail steamship service in the
Gulf of Mexico, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
LITTLE MISSOURI RIVER, ETC.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the Hous® a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to the proposed im-
provement of navigation at the Fifteen Mile
falls, the Little Missouri river, and the Petit
Jean river; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be
•printed.
PIMA AND MAIUCOPA INDIAN RESERVATION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
proposed extension of the survey of the Pima
and Maricopa Indian reservation in Arizona ;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
R. A. FRANCIS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the claim of
R. A. Francis; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
CREEK AND SEMINOLE AGENCY BUILDINGS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, recommending an
appropriation for the erection of agency build-
ings in the Creek and Seminole countries;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
And then (at three o'clock and twenty min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: The memorial of J. R.
Bryant, Nimrod Harris, and a very large num-
ber of citizens of Mercer county, Kentucky,
praying Congress to grant a charter to the Cin-
cinnati and Southern railroad.
By Mr. HAIGHT: A petition signed by many
citizens of the State of New Jersey, against
the absorption of the public domain of the
United States by railroad corporations, land-
grabbers, &o.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Hon. John
N. Swazeyandothers, foracommission to audit
and determine the claims on account of dam-
ages by the Alabama and other British cruisers.
Also the petition of Ignatius Sargent and
others, to the same effect.
By Mr. HILL: The petition of Hon. Josiah
Hornblower and 187 others, for the enact-
ment of a law to prevent the further absorp-
tion of the public lands of the United States
by railroad or other corporations.
By Mr. REEVES: The petition of F. W.
Burgess, W. D. Lewis, William H. Conant,
and 80 others, citizens of Huntington, Suffolk
county, New York, for an appropriation to
improve Huntington harbor, south shore of
Long Island sound.
Also, the petition of G. W. Scudder, Captain
G. R. Johnson, Captain W. H. Tillott, and 37
others, masters of vessels, and other citizens
of the town of Huntington, Suffolk county,
New York, for an appropriation to improve
Huntington harbor, on the south side of Long
Island sound.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 22, 1871.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a, m.
Prayer by Rev. Alexander King, of London,
England.
The Journal of the proceedings of yester-
day was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hold in my hand the cre-
dentials of my colleague, certifying his reelec-
tion to his seat from the 4th of March next; and
I think I may state, what I am very much grati-
fied in being able to state, that I have advices
which satisfy me that he will be with us next
week.
The credentials of Lot M. Morrill, elected
by the Legislature of the State of Maine a Sen-
ator from that State for the term of six years,
commencing March 4, 1871, were read, and
ordered to be filed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON. I present the petition of
Wendell Phillips, John T. Sargent, Richard
P. Hallowell, and other citizens of Massachu-
setts, asking that a commission be appointed
to visit the rebellious States and examine into
the condition of the freedmen and the loyal
whites, and to search out the causes of anarchy
and assassination that prevail there, and the
perils and difficulties that loyal men encounter,
and the obstacles that interfere with the free
exercise of all their legal rights. I move the
reference of this petition to the select com-
mittee on southern outrages.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I present the petition of
one hundred and twenty citizens of Fayette
county, Alabama, thirty-one of whom were
Union soldiers and members of my own regi-
ment. I ask to have the petition read and the
note at the bottom of it, and then to have it
referred to the select c«mmittee on outrages
in the South.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama presents a petition, and desires that
it be reported in full.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Dublin, Fayette County, Alabama,
February 5, 1871.
To the honorable Senate tend House of Representatives
of the United State? in Congress assembled :
We, the undersigned, citizens of Fayette coim'y,
do respectfully petition your honorable bodies to
pass some law for tbe relief of the peaceful and law-
abiding citizens from the almostdaily outrages (low
being committed by tbe Kuklux. We re^pecttully
ask you to give us that protection which the Con-
stitution guaranties to alt peaeelul and law-abiding
citizens, and which our forlorn and wretched con-
dition demands.
If the present laws cannot be enforced against
these masked ruffian?, who are continually kilting
and whipping peaceable and well-disposed people,
we then respectfully ask your honorable to
give us military rule again, for it is preferable to
the present state of affairs.
"We also ask your honorable bodies to pass suuie
law declaring the election held on the 8th of Novem-
ber, 1870, null and void, for we are confident it wis
carried by fraud, intimidation, and violence; and
if the election is let alone and not interfered with
there is no telling what will be the consequcnces,
for they arc so emboldened at theirsuecess that they
wear their masks in daylight and hold their meet-
ings in Fayette court-house. Nowwe do ino^t hum-
bly and imploringly appeal to your honorable bodies
for that protection which the Constitution guaran-
ties to every citizen in the United States; aud your
petitioners will ever pray. [Here follow the names
of the petitioners.8]
Note.—Please do not give publicity to our names,
as we are inconstant danger of assassination at this
time.
The petition was referred to the select com-
mittee on alleged outrages in the southern
States.
Mr. POMEROY presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of placing
the victims of the Lawrence massacre in 1803
in the same position, as regards pensions, as
though they had been killed in the military ser-
vice of the United States ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, asking that the Government
military post at Fort Harker be not abandoned;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
western Kansas remonstrating against the
abandonment of Fort Harker, and asking that
it be not abandoned, but be kept for the pro-
tection of the frontier settlements; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Kansas in favor of the passage of
an act authorizing the issue of patents for
the lands allotted to children of members of
the Delaware tribe of Indians, in accordance
with the treaty of March -1, 1800; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
*Unlon soldiers are indio&ted thus; X.
