650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
oly, California to-day, instead of containing
half a million, -would boast a million of peo-
ple. The blasting effects of such a policy are
so startling that if written down in figures they
would seem utterly incredible. A few capi-
talists in that State have also purchased vast
bodies of choice timbered land in Washington
Territory, and are realizing large fortunes by
shipping its timber to San Francisco and else-
where, while inflicting widespread and irre-
parable mischief upon the Territory.
Every gentleman from the States of the
Northwest knows how those States have been
scourged by this policy, while in the land
States of the South, outside of the towns and
cities, not one man in ten is a land-owner. It
has wrought upon the country evils more fear-
ful and enduring than those of war, pestilence,
or famine ; and yet, through all the long years
of its mad ascendency, Congress, by a simple
enactment like the bill now pending in this
House, has had the power to end it forever.
An act declaring that no more of the public
domain shall be sold except as provided in the
preemption and homestead laws, was all that
was needed to stay the ravages of this great
national curse, and is all that is now wanted
to avert its recurrence in new and still more
frightful forms in the future. The working-
men and pioneer settlers of the country have
repeatedly petitioned Congress to enact such
a law; but their prayer has been denied in
every instance, while their rights have been
trampled down in the interest of monopolies
whose wishes have been promptly coined into
law. The homestead act fails to meet the
case. The right of the settler to land free of
cost is of far less consequence than the reser-
vation of the public domain for settlers only,
unobstructed in their right of selection. The
homestead law is only a step in the right direc-
tion ; for while it offers homes to the poor, it
does this subject to the preferred right of the
speculator to seize and appropriate the choice
lands in Urge tracts, and thus drive the pio-
neer further into the wilderness and on to less
desirable lands.
Congress should correct this great evil at
once. The President emphatically recommends
it, and the Republican party should no longer
hesitate 111 perfecting its record, and making
good its boasted friendship for the landless
poor. The political platforms of all parties,
during the past few years, have taken the same
ground ; and in this respect have only reflected
the earnest and almost unanimous wishes of
the people.
Mr. Speaker, I pass to another class of facts,
and still more alarming to every man who will
give the subject bis attention. Congress has
granted lands in aid of railways and other
works of internal improvement amounting to
over two hundred million acres. That these
grants have done good service in the settle-
ment and development of the country I do not
doubt. This is not the point I am now con-
sidering, and is one aspect only of the subject.
The fact to be emphasized is, that lands just
about equal in area to the original thirteen
States ot the Union have been surrendered to
corporations, without any conditions or restric-
tions securing the rights of settlers. They may
sell these lands for just such price as they
please, or hold them back from sale altogether
for a quarter of a century, or lease them for
ninety-nine years. The public lands belong to
the people; but Congress abdicates their sov-
ereignty over a territory large enough for an
empire, in the interest of great corporations,
which thus install a most gigantic and over-
shadowing system of feudalism in our Repub-
lic, whose founders believed they had escaped
the monarchical principles of the Old World.
The original Northern Pacific railroad bill
alone granted forty-seven million acres. The
supplementary act of last session increased the
grant eleven millions, making a total of fifty-
eight million acres granted to one great corpo-
ration ; and, as if to demonstrate the complete
subserviency of both branches of Congress to
the wishes of this company, every proposition
looking to the rights of pioneer settlers, or in
any way restrictive of the powers of the cor-
poration, was successively voted down by strong
majorities. Even the right of other roads to
connect with this line was impudently denied.
And this nefarious policy seems now only fairly
launched. The Senate at its last session passed,
in all, twenty land-grant bills, calling for the
enormous aggregate of over one hundred and
sixteen million acres, according to careful esti-
mates made by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office. Two of these bills only have
gone through the House, covering more than
fifty-nine million acres. There are yet pend-
ing in the Senate some thirty-seven bills, call-
ing for the further quantity of over one hundred
and nineteen million acres; and 3ome of these
measures exhibit an audacity of recklessness
so marvelous and a contempt for the rights
of the people so surpassing, that I find it diffi-
cult to credit the legislative record. Among
them is a bill to encourage the establishment
of a line of steamships for the conveyance of
our mails to European ports and ports of
India and China, and for promoting immigra-
tion from liurope to the southern States. It
calls for more than nineteen million acres, for
which land scrip is to be issued to the different
States named in the bill in certain specified
proportions; and fourteen milliou acres of the
amount granted are to be gobbled up in the
land States of the South from the uusold public
lands of that section, which have been so wisely
dedicated to homestead settlement only by the
landless poor, white and colored.
A twin-brother of this project, and a miracle
of legislative impudence, has been introduced
in this body at the present session. The cor-
poration which it creates is at once a chartered
ocean carrier and a chartered laud proprietor.
The huge monopoly thus inaugurated, while
destroying individual commercial enterprise
under the false pretense of reestablishing
American commerce, would seize indefinite
millions of acres of selected public lands in
different sections of the country, and hold them
back from settlement in aid of its own greedy
purposes. The entire list of land-grant bills
pending iu this House is not nearly so formi-
dable as that of the Senate, nor have I ascer-
tained how much land they would require; but
it would probably be safe to estimate that the
bills yet pending in both Houses, if enacted
into laws, would absorb fully one hundred and
fifty million acres. If we remember that our
entire public domain, outside of Alaska, is
only about one thousand million acres, it will
not bo difficult to see, in the figures I have
given, the extent of the conspiracy to rob the
poor of this and coming generations of their
rightful inheritancein the public domain, and to
crush and subjugate the producing and labor-
ing masses through the power of organized
capital. The hope of the country is in the
popular branch of Congress; for the Senate,
judged by its action at the last session, seems
entirely beyond the reach of the people.
Sir, this whole policy should be abandoned
absolutely; or, if continued under any cir-
cumstances, it should be confined to works of
clearly national character and importance,
connecting important distant points, and pass-
ing over a thinly-settled region of country; and
the lauds appi'opriated should not pass into
the hands of any corporation, but be sold and
conveyed directly to actual settlers, in limited
quantities, and at such moderate price as to
bring them within the reach of those who
actually need them for homes. Nothing short
of such restrictions can prevent the establish-
ment of a landed aristocracy in our midst,
worse even than that of the Russian and Hun-
garian nobles, or the old plantation lords of
the South.
Mr. Speaker, the readiness of the Govern-
ment to espouse the cause of monopolists and
corporations is not less forcibly illustrated in
the management of our-Indian reservations
during the past eight or nine years. These
reservations, when the Indians desire to part
with their title, are no longer conveyed directly
to the United States, and thus made subject
to the control of Congress, as other public
lands, but are sold by treaty to railroad cor-
porations, or to individual monopolists, in
utter disregard of the rights of settlers under
the preemption and homestead laws, and with-
out any warrant whatever in the Constitution
of the United States, which gives to Congress
the sole power to dispose of and manage the
public domain.
As I have shown ori other occasions, mil-
lions of acres have thus fallen into the grasp
of monopolists, which should have been the
free offering of the Government to our home-
less pioneers. The most remarkable of these
transactions is the late treaty with the Chero-
kee Indians, by virtue of which a territory fifty
mileslong, and twenty-five miles wide, contain-
ing eight hundred thousand acres, was sold to
James P. Joy for the pric of one dollar per
acre. The right which these Indians had in
these lands was that of occupancy only, and
this they had abandoned and forfeited by the
attempted conveyance of it to the confederate
States in 18G1. The lands were thenceforward
subject to preemption and settlement precisely
as all other public lands, nor did the Chero'
kees manifest any disposition to occupy them,
or any hostility to their settlement by our citi-
zens. They had no desire whatever to convey
the lands to any party save the United States,
and their sole aim was to recover the value of
their reservation, which they had vainly sought
to convey to the public enemy. At the date of
this treaty more than one thousand families
were on the land as actual settlers, and there
are now thirty-five hundred, or about eighteen
thousand settlers, occupying the counties of
Bourbon, Crawford, and Cherokee.
Two thirds of the heads of these families are
honorably-discharged soldiers, who have in
good faith settled upon these lands under the
preemption and homestead laws, as they had
the right to do, made valuable improvements,
and expended their spare means in securing
for themselves comfortable homes. All these
people, save those on the land at the date of
this pretended treaty, are at the mercy of Joy.
He is their potentate and king. As the head
of a railroad which he is building through their
lands, and in doing which he affects to dread
the hostility of the settlers, he has called 011
the Governor of Kansas for military aid; and
Federal soldiers are now quartered on these
settlers, at the instigation ot the Governor, who
acted in the matter 011 his own responsibility,
and not by authority oflaw. To these wrongs
and outrages, perpetrated in the interest of a
single monopolist and his retainers, must bo
added the fact that the State of Kansas loses
the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections of these
lands, to which she was rightfully entitled for
educational purposes, while the United States
lose the coal lands extending over consider-
able portions of the territory, and valued at
millions of dollars. The total value of the
land, including these minerals and the im-
provements of the settlers, at a moderate esti-
mate, may be set down at ten million dollars.
So much for one single scheme of spoliation,
carried on by the authority of the Government
against its own loyal citizens, whose hard toil
is adding to the public wealth, and whose valor
helped to save the nation in its conflict with
rebels. The treaty-making power, even grant-
ing the title of the Indians, had no more right
to convey these lands to Joy than had Congress
to usurp the functions of tae Executive. The
whole proceeding is void under the Constitution
of the United States, and will be so declared
by the Federal courts, unless they too, like the
manipulators of this treaty, shall lend them-
selves to the base uses of railroad corporations
and the Indian ring. Sir, this transaction has
no parallel, save in another treaty, not yet rati-
