1476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Kansas in favor of an appropriation
to pay the citizens of Kansas Territory for
losses sustained duripg the political troubles
of 1855 and 1856; which was referred to tfie
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition pf citizens
of Washington county, Indiana, praying a
change of certain post routes in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. BLAIR presented a petition of soldiers
in the late war, praying the passage of the bill
giving to soldiers in homestead entries the
advantage of a deduction of their term of ser-
vice in the Army; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
reports of committees.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom were referred the bill (S. No.
1218) for the relief of P. Pittbogen, late of the
thirty-fifth Missouri infantry, the bill (H. R.
No. 1373) for the relief of Rev. Benjamin P.
Perky, and the joint resolution (S. R. No.
204) for the relief of Edward P. Johnson,
reported adversely thereon, and moved their
indefinite postponement: which was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2936) for the relief of Charles
Cooper, Goshorn A. Jones, Jerome Rowley,
William Hannegan, and John Hannegan,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred a resolu-
tion of the Legislature of North Carolina, in
favor of amending the first proviso of the four-
teenth section of the bankrupt law by striking
out "1864" and inserting ''1871," reported
a bill (S. No. 1362) to amend the fourteenth
section of an act entitled "An act to establish
a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the^ United States," approved March 2, 1867;
which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1323) to amend
section fourteen and section thirty-three, as
amended, of an act entitled "An act to estab-
lish a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the United States," approved March 2, 1867,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
clinton bridge.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am directed by the
Committee on Commerce, to whom was re-
ferred Senate bill No. 1301, to report it back,
with an amendment in the form of a substi-
tute, and I ask unanimous consent to put it
on its passage now. It is a little bill relative
to a bridge in Iowa.
The amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce to the bill (S. No. 1301) in relation to
railroad bridges across the Mississippi river
was read. It proposes to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the bill and to insert:
That the bridge across the Mississippi river, fit
Clinton, Iowa, and more particularly described in
an act entitled " An act declaring Clinton bridge
across the Mississippi river, at Clinton, in the State
of Iowa, a post route," approved February 27,1867,
shall be open to the transit of all roads desiring to
cross said bridge to the extentof the capacity thereof;
and the person or persons, company or corporation,
owning or controlling the use of said bridge shall
permit such trains to cross on payment of a reason-
able compensation, as provided in relation to other
bridges across said river by an act entitled "An act
to authorize the construction of certain bridges and
establish them as post roads," approved July 25,1866.
And in case the parties cannot agree the party or
parties seeking to dross said bridge may file a peti-
tion in any court having general jurisdiction of civil
actions between the proprietors of said bridge and
the persons seeking the privilege of crossing the
same, giving a general description of said bridge,
and stating, as near as may be, tho extent to which
said petitioner or petitioners wish to ubesiiid bridge,
and also the fact of his or their inability to procure
an agreement for the use of the same. Upon the
filing of such petition the parties owning and using
said bridge shall be served with the notice required
by the practice of said court in civil actions; and
upon a full and final hearing of a!.1 the parties the
court shall determine the extent and manner of the
use of the same by the parties interested and the
compensation to be paid for such use, with the
approaches thereto and the time and manner of the
payment of Such compensation. And such court
shall have full power to make any order necessary
for enforcing the provisions of this act, subject to
thp right of appeal to either party.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to this
bill being considered; but I suggest one dif-
ficulty about it. It authorizes a suit to be
brought in any court that would have gen-
eral jurisdiption over the subject. That of
course comprehends as well State as Federal
courts. Now, an act of Congress cannot
authorize a State court to enforce or execute
a law of Congress.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator from Michi-
gan would let that bill be printed and lie over
until to-morrow morning. I do not know that
it is not entirely satisfactory, but I tried to hear
the reading of it, and there was so much talk
in this neighborhood that I really could not.
Mr. HARLAN. Let it go over then.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to see it in print.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
over under the objection, and the amend-
ment will be printed.
lucy a. smith.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the Sen-
ate to take up a joint resolution in behalf of
Lucy A. Smith, a widow whose husband and
children were slaughtered, and whose property
was destroyed, several years ago out beyond
Iowa by the Indians, and who did not get back
in season to apply for relief until the time had
elapsed when she could no longer do so with-
out special legislation. The Senator from
Iowa, the former Secretary of the Interior,
knows all about the merits of the case. The
joint resolution has already passed the House,
and I presume there will be no objection to it,
because it takes no money out of the Treasury.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 343) for
the relief of Lucy A. Smith, widow and admin-
istratrix of James Smith, deceased. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to pay out of any
money heretofore appropriated, or that may
be hereafter appropriated, for the use or ben-
efit of the Cheyenne and Arapahoe Indians of
the upper Arkansas, to Mrs. Lucy A. Smith,
widow and. administratrix of James Smith,
the sum of $2,564 10, for losses sustained by
the depredations of those Indians on or about
August 18, 1864, at or near Plumb creek, in
the then Territory of Nebraska; but it is to
appear to the satisfaction of the Secretary of
the Interior that the facts and circumstances
alleged in this case justify this appropriation
on principles of equity and justice.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment.
Mr. HOWE. If there is a report accom-
panying that joint resolution I should like to
hear it.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope we shall not have
to wait for the reading of the report. Let the
Senator from Vermont state what the case is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will state
the facts. The Senator from Iowa is acquainted
with them. This lady and her husband and
children were emigrating to the West, and on
their way they were overtaken by this band of
Indians, and nearly the whole party destroyed,
and their live stock, teams, and other property
carried off. Those are the facts.
Mr. HOWE. Have we treaties with those
Indians?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir; we
have. This resolution confides the matter to
the discretion of the Secretary of Interior, pro-
vided the facts are as stated.
Mr. HOWE. I shall not make any objection
to the passage of this resolution ; but I want
to call the Senator's attention to one feature
of it, and that is, instead of finding out what
the facts were, and asserting what justice
requires to be done, we refer it to the head of
a Department to do so, raising the very case
that was raised yesterday against the bill moved
by the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Buck-
ingham.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will state
to the Senator from Wisconsin that there is
no sort of doubt about the facts, and we have
limited the amount.
Mr. HO WE. If there is no sort of doubt
about the facts, why do you not state them in
the resolution, and what you want to have
done?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We have
done so.
Mr. HOWE. No, you have not.
Mr. CAMERON. May I interrupt the
Senator?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Pennsylvania object to the consideration
of the joint resolution ?
Mr. CAMERON. I have risen to inquire
whether this is not interfering with the order
made yesterday ?
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will pardon me, the amount in the resolution
is limited ; but the resolution is so framed as
to require another examination by the Secre-
tary of the Interior. If he finds that so much
was not due, of course it will not be paid;
but in no event can he pay more than the
amount stated, which is about two thousand
dollars, I believe.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. STEWART submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
2789) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30,1872, and
for other purposes : which, with the explana-
tory letter accompanying it, was ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
order of business.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up a little bill that
will occasion no debate at'all, hut is import-
ant to our district courts in Indiana, and I ask
that it be passed.
Mr. POMEROY. I am afraid wg are going
to encroach upon the time which has been
awarded to the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not like to object;
but I feel compelled to do so.
Mr. MORTON. This bill will take but a
moment.
Mr. CAMERON. I know ; but I have but
half an hour in which to dispose of my biii.
amendment of the rules.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire, as it will some-
what affect the consideration of the appropri-
ation bills and the order of business, to have
action at this time on the resolution which has
been up once or twice and been discussed, in
relation to amendments to appropriation bills.
I think it will not lead to debate. I move to
take up that resolution and act upon it.
Mr. CAMERON. I appeal to the Senator
from Kansas to let me call up the bill which
was made the order for this morning.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us adopt this rule
first.
Mr. CAMERON. Then somebody else will
want to take up something else.
Mr. POMEROY. Oh, no; this will facili-
tate the business of the day.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well: I give way.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas moves to proceed to the consideration
of the amendment to the rules proposed by
him on the 12th of July last.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution:
Hcsolved, That the thirtieth rule of the Senate bo
amended by adding thereto the following:
And any pending amendment to a general appro-
