1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
fied, by which a tract of country, belonging to
the Osage Indians, tivo hundred and fifty miles
long and fifty miles wide, and containing
eight million acres, was sold to Sturgis, another
mil way baron, at the rate of nineteen cents
per acre, to be paid in annual installments,
during a period of fifteen years, in the bonds
of his company.
Mr. Speaker, equally startling, not to say
monstrous, has been I he conduct of the Gov-
ernment in dealing with its swamp and over-
flowed lands. The lobby which pressed the
passage of the act of 1850, gianting such lands
to the States, urged that they were of little
value, and that the General Government could
not afford the expense of reclaiming them;
but the truth is that, to a very large extent, they
are the richest lands in the nation, and that
the cost of their reclamation is no greater than
that of other agricultural lands. It was like-
wise urged that the States could better be
trusted with the work than the General Gov-
ernment; but time has fully demonstrated to
the contrary, and very sadly to the nation's
cost. The well-understood machinery of the
General Land Office, available to individual
energy and enterprise, afforded the best and
only means of solving the swamp-land problem.
No legislation has ever been more disastrous
to the country; and if the act of 1850 was not
framed in the interest of organized thieving
and plunder, then its entire administration is
so wholly out of joint with the law itself that
an honest man is hopelessly puzzled in the
attempt to account for it as an accident.
The act, in failing to give any definition of
the phrase "swamp and overflowed land,"
has supplied a perpetual temptation to mer-
cenary men and corrupt officials to pervert
it to base ends. Instead of submitting the
character of the land in dispute to the regis-
ter and receiver of the local land office, and
investing them with the power to compel the
attendance of witnesses, it leaves the question
to be decided by the surreyor general, who
has no judicial power, and is generally en-
grossed and often overwhelmed with his own
proper duties. His office may be hundreds
of miles from the lands in controversy, thus
causing great and needless expense to# the
poor settlers, who are required to attend,
with their witnesses, at the hearing, which is
frequently appointed at a season of the year
rendering it a great hardship if not an impos-
sibility to attend.
Although the surveyor general is an officer
of the United States, it practically happens
that local and State influences completely over-
ride the rights of the General Government.
The lands are surveyed and their character
settled soon after some unusual overflow, or in
a season of great rains ; or large bodies are
declared swamp because small portions of them
only are really so. By such methods the most
frightful abuses are the order of the day, work-
ing the most shameful injustice to honest set-
tlers, and fatally obstructing the settlement
and development of the country. Onehundred
thousand acres of land in one land district, and
situate in different localities near the summit of
the Sierra Nevada mountains, some five to six
thousand feet above the level of the sea, are
now claimed by speculators as swamp, while
it is shown by the sworn statements of many
of the settlers on these lands that they actu-
ally require irrigation to make them desira-
ble in the raising of either hay or grain. Many
of these settlers who have resided on these
mountain lands for years, and made lasting
improvements and pleasant homes in the most
perfect good faith, are now brought face to face
with hostile claimants under the swamp-land
act, who have not the shadow of a right.
More than sixty million acres in all have
been selected as swamp, and over forty-five
millions patented, being nearly double the
quantity patented to railroads, and a very large
proportion of which is dry land, and among
the very best which the Government owned.
The work of spoliation is still in full blast, and
;i nothing can arrest it but an act of Congress so
ij defining swamp and overflowed lands as to
I1 make impossible the outrages to which I have
j referred; outrages so cunningly planned and
j; so infernally prosecuted as to make quite re-
;j spectable the average performances of profes-
I: sional pickpockets and thieves,
j; Mr. Speaker, the grants made by Congress
■ ' for educational purposes may fairly be classed
]j with the profligate legislation to which I have
i referred. Their aggregate for common schools,
. universities, and agricultural colleges is more
| than seventy-eight million acres. No condi-
; tionswere prescribed to prevent the monopoly
of this vast domain, or the frightful maladmin-
ji istration of it by the States which has actually
'' taken place. In some of them the school
fund has totally disappeared. But by far the
worst of these educational enactments is the
j' agricultural college act of 1862. Its grant of
'j thirty thousand acres of land for each Senator
and Representative in Congress absorbs nearly
i: ten millions, which are handed over to the
|! cause of monopoly. The States having public
;i lands within their borders will hold back from
sale the shares to which they are entitled in
ij order to a rise in price, thus obstructing the
ji settlement of the country and placing burdens
ll on the landless poor; while the States having
ij no public lands are entitled to scrip represent-
ji ing their proportions, which is thrown upon
i the market, and has generally sold at about
i fifty per cent, less than its par value. In some
i instances its price has gone far below this; so
I that while it fails to supply a fund with which
j to build colleges, it enables speculators to
I appropriate great bodies of the public domain
at a very low rate, as if its settlement and
tillage were an unprofitable or an unmanly
employment, or a barbarian practice which the
Government should discourage.
More than eight hundred and eighty-four
thousand acres have been located with this
scrip in the State of California alone; and I
remember that at the last session Congress
passed an act to perfect the title of a noted
monopolist of that State to some thirty thou-
sand acres so located, which act, by way of
legislative irony, was entitled "A bill amend-
atory of an act to protect the rights of settlers
upon the public lands of the United States."'
; Of the motives and purposes of the men who
originated and carried the act of 1862 I have
nothing to say; but the law itself is as vicious
and mischievous as if it had been studiously
planned as a conspiracy against the public
welfare. No man can defend it; and it ought
to have been entitled "A bill to encourage the
monopoly of the nation's lands, to hinder the
cause of productive wealth, and to multiply
the hardships of our pioneers, under the false
pretense of aiding the cause of general educa-
tion." Kindred observations apply to our
half-breed Indian scrip, which was to be issued
to the Sioux Indians in person, but, by some
black art, is now located in violation of this
requirement. The whole amount of this scrip
is nearly three hundred and twenty-one thou-
sand acres, while scrip covering over seventy-
seven thousand acres has been issued to the
Chippewa Indians.
Our legislation respecting military bounty
lands belongs to the same class. More than
seventy-three million acres in all have been
appropriated for military and naval purposes,
the effect of which has been far more ruinous
to the prosperity of the country than beneficial
i to the soldier and seaman. The warrants
' issued for the lands granted were to be located
only by the soldier. It was soon provided, how-
ever, that he might locate them by an agent,
and finally they were made assignable. The
Commissioner of the General Land Office says
that of the Mexican war bounty land warrants
the records of his office show that not one in
five hundred of those issued and placed in the
hands of the soldiers or their heirs has beep
located by them, or for their use; and he esti-
mates that not to exceed ten per cent, ofthem
have been used by preemptors as assignees in
payment for actual settlement, the remainder
havinggone into the clutches of the speculator.
While the soldier was cheated out of liis war-
rant, or sold it at a very low rate, the public
domain, which should have been free to him
and to all other poor men, has been absorbed
by monopolists, who have fixed upon it such
tariff as they could exact from those in search
of homes. And yet, in the face of these unfor-
! tunate but very instructive facts, persistent
' attempts have been made in Congress for years
past to reenact the same mischievous folly.
Several bills are now pending in this House
providing bounty lands for the soldiers of
the late civil war, one of which calls for one
hundred and sixty acres for each soldier who
served twelve months. The number of these,
according to careful official estimates of the
| War Department, is at least two millions, ex-
1 elusive of deserters, those who paid commu-
• tation, and those dishonorably discharged,
i Multiplying this by one hundred and sixty, we
I have the aggregate of three hundred and twenty
j million acres of land. It is by far the most
appalling scheme of spoliation of which I have
any knowledge, calling for about one third of
the remaining public domain, exclusive of our
Russian possessions. The warrants issued for
these lands, when thrown upon the market,
would probably sell as low as a quarter of a
dollar per acre, or less ; a pitiful mockery of
the soldier, while the preemption and home-
stead laws would be practically nullified, and
curses innumerable lavished upon cominggen-
erations. It would make the plunder of the
people a national institution, and breed an
| army of vampires to prey upon their life. Sir,
I need hardly say that the soldier a?ks for
no such legislation; but he does ask that the
public lands shall no longer be squandered by
speculators, but set apart for those only who
desire them for homes.
Like considerations apply, with almost equal
force, to another pending measure, providing
that every honorably discharged soldier and sea-
man who served ninety days in the late war for
the Union may select one hundred and sixty-
acres of thepublicdomain, and receive apateut
therefor at the end of five years, without settle-
ment. If all of onr soldiers and sailors should
apply for land, as they would have every reason
to do, since they could get it for the asking,
the measure would absorb more than three
hundred and fifty million acres. If one half
only should apply, it would require every acre
of land which the Government could survey
within the next twenty-nine years, at the rate
our surveys are progressing, thus totally block-
ing up ihe general march of civilization and
settlement now in progress, and consigning
the public domain to solitude; while the sol-
dier, on receiving his patent, would be under
no obligation to settle on his land, and might
sell it to the shark who would be lying in wait
to take advantage of his poverty in driving a
bargain. The bounty which the soldier needs
and deserves should be paid in money, and be
graded in amount according to his term of
service; or if land is to be given him, let him
have it under the homestead law, with the
discrimination in his favor that his term of ser-
vice, whether long or short, shall be counted
as part of the five years' settlement now pre-
scribed by law.
But the Government has not only thus favored
the squandering of the people's rightful patri-
mony, but in some instances it has shown
itself positively unfriendly to the producing
classes, and especially to that grand army of
occupation, the pioneer settlers. I give two
notable examples. In the year 1864 Con-
gress granted to the State of California the
famous Yosemite valley, in perpetual reserva-
tion as a pleasure-ground and spectacle of
wonder. But it turned out that, prior to the
grant, Hatchings and Lamon, two enterpris-
ing settlers, had selected homes in the valley
