1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1477
priation bill may be laid on the table without affect-
ing the bill.
The resolution was adopted.
debate on appropriation bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the order of
the Senate yesterday, the Senate now proceeds
to the consideration of the bill of the House of
Representatives in regard to the centennial
anniversary of American independence. It is
now before the Senate by order of the Senate
unanimously made yesterday.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. CAMERON. I give way to the Sen-
ator from California for a moment.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of the resolution I introduced
the day before yesterday, in relation to debate
on appropriation bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to proceed to the consider-
'ation of the resolution offered by him, prohib-
iting lengthy debate on amendments to two
appropriation bills, the Indian appropriation
bill and the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I cannot give way to that.
Mr. EDM UNDS. It is not proposed to take
up those bills, but merely to adopt a rule lim-
iting debate upon them.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well; then I do not
object.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the question?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is on pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the resolution
proposed by the Senator from California the
day before yesterday, limiting debate to five
minutes on amendments to the Indian appro-
priation bill and the Post Office appropriation
bill.
Mr. THURMAN. Is that motion to take
up debatable ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is debatable,
but not involving its merits, by the eleventh
rule. After it is taken up it will be subject
to debate.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is the
motion in order while the bill of the Senator
from Pennsylvania is pending ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania yielded to allow the Senator
from California to make the motion.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Will a
single objection prevent the consideration of
the resolution?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will not.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from California. [After putting the question.]
The ayes appear to have it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California desire a division ?
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The ayes have
it, and the resolution is before the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. The President either did
not understand me or I did not understand
him ; probably the latter. This is so import-
ant an invasion of the privileges of the minor-
ity of this body that I desire the yeas and
nays; and I also give notice that I shall move
a reconsideration of the vote which I under-
stand was taken just previous to this upon an
analogous question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon proceed-
ing to the consideration of the proposition of
the Senator from California [Mr. Cole] the
Senator from California on the right of the
Chair [Mr. Cassbrly] demands the yeas and
nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Without going into the
merits of this proposed rule, I think it is such
an innovation and so wholly unprecedented
in the Senate that I shall feel compelled, if
it comes up, to give my views upon it. I am
opposed to the adoption of any such rule, and
I shall vote against taking it up; but if it is
taken up, I propose to discuss it and give the
reasons why I think no such rule should be
adopted in ilia Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Let the resolution be
Mr. CAMERON rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ported. The Senator from Pennsylvania has
risen 
Mr. CAMERON. I have risen to insist on
the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania has risen to claim what was
granted him yesterday by a vote of the Senate.
The resolution proposed to be taken up will,
however, first be reported.
Mr. CAMERON. I cannot allow it to go
on any further.
The Chief Ciei'k read the resolution of Mr.
Cole, as follows:
Resolved, That debate on the bill (H. K. No. 2615)
making appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling 8o-ealled treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30.1872, and
for other purposes, and on the bill (H. R. No. 2579)
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department for the year ending: June SO, 1872,
be limited to five minutes for each Bonator on any
one amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On proceeding
to the consideration of this proposition the
Senator from California [Mr. Casserly] de-
mands the yeas and nays; but the Senator
from Pennsylvania, to whom the remainder
of the morning hour was assigned by unani-
mous consent yesterday, now claims that his
business shall be brought before the Senate.
The Chair recognizes that claim, and the bill
providing for the centennial aniversary of
American independence is before the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I have nothing to say in
regard to the bill now before the Senate. It
has passed the House of Representatives 
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator allow
me one moment?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
amendment to the rules.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to give notice
of a motion to reconsider the vote taken awhile
ago while I was engaged in attending to some-
thing else, upon which I understand there was
no discussion whatever, carrying through a
new rule that an amendment to an appropria-
tion bill may at any time be laid upon the table
without carrying the bill with it. My objection
to that is, that as a motion to lay on the table
is not debatable it cuts off all debate upon
amendments that may be offered. I give notice
of a motion to reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
move to reconsider or merely give notice
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to reconsider
that vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Did the Senator
vote on the prevailing side?
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not vote at all. I
was not aware what was going on until I heard
a great clamor in the Chamber.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator that the twentieth rule lays
down the privileges of Senators on this point,
and they must answer for themselves in regard
to propositions of this kind:
"When a question has been made and carried in
tho affirmative or negative, whether previously
reconsidered or not, it shall be in order for any Sen-
ator of the majority to move for the reconsideration
thereof."
The Chair can only read the rule; aud Sen-
ators must determine for themselves.
Mr. CASSE RL Y. I never have known that
rule  „ _
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Cali-
fornia will allow me 
Mr. CASSERLY. I would rather go on;
I have only a few words to say 
Mr. CAMERON. I did not yield to the
Senator from California to make a speech,
and I am sure he will not insist on taking
more time.
Mr. CASSERLY. I yielded my call for the
yeas and nays to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, to let hiin get up his bill. I want to
say that I have always understood, and such
has been the practice, that a Senator in the
Chamber where a vote was taken without any
call for the yeas and nays, or who did not vote
by inadvertence, might move to reconsider.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has always been the
understanding that where a vote was taken in
that way any person present was considered as
voting in the affirmative. A motion to recon-
sider has often been made under such circum-
stances, and any person who is present can move
to reconsider a vote that is carried in that way
without a division.
Mr. WARNER. I would remark to the Sen-
ator from California, that that very point was
made against me the other day by the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] and I was not
allowed to move a reconsideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair only
desires to administer the rules which have been
prescribed by the Senate. The Senator from
Illinois states that the practice is not to admin-
ister the rule as it reads; therefore, the Chair
entertains the motion to reconsider by the Sen-
ator from California.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can the Chair entertain
it pending another question ?
Mr. CAMERON. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. STEWART. I was cut off a day or two
ago when I made a motion to reconsider. I
was standing near the door, and I did not vote,
andthe Senatorfrom Oregon, [Mr. Williams,]
who was then in the Chair, very properly ruled
that I was not in order, and I was not enabled
to make my motion. It was on a question in
regard to the salaries of judges, and because I
did not vote at all I was ruled out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to have
any misunderstanding about it. I understood
the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Warner] to
have been cut off the other day because he
stated that he had voted. The Senator from
Nevada was objected to the other day that he
was not in the Senate Chamber.
Mr. STEWART. I was here.
Mr. CAMERON. Is this debate in order?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am quite confident
that what I have stated has been recognized as
the rule of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The debate is not
in order. The Senator from Pennsylvania is
entitled to the floor by the unanimous order
of the Senate yesterday.
Mr.' CAMERON. I trust I shall bp suf-
fered to get this bill through. I do not intend
to make any speech. I only ask for the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill be read.
centennial anniversary 01' independence.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1478) to provide for celebrating the one
hundredth anniversary of American independ-
ence, by holding an international exhibition
of arts, manufactures, and products of the soil
and mine, in the city_ of Philadelphia, and
State of Pennsylvania, in the year 1876.
The bill was read.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, there is
one reason for the adoption of this bill this
morning, and that is that the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania approves of it and
wishes us to pass it; aud seriously, this rea-
son, with me, goes a great way. The honor-
able Senator knows how glad I should be to
give my vote to anything which meets_ his
approval. Nevertheless, I think thi3 legisla-
tion ought not to occur at this time and in
this way. I am not going to address to the
Senate any argument promotive of the mere
interest of locality, or of sectional wish, be-
cause I think such a subject as this is not an
appropriate subject to be disposed of upon
such considerations.
It is alleged in the city of New York that
long before the thought occurred to those
urging this measure the idea was suggested of
a centennial ee!ebra;io:i, to commemorate the
