1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Revenue Reform—Mr. Asper.
Ho. of Reps
articles of clothing, like those which are man-
ufactured in this country, pay higher duties
than the fine broadcloths which are manufac-
tured in Prance and Belgium, and which are
imported into this country to be worn alone
by the rich and wealthy.
Now, sir, so far as I am concerned, I am
willing to stand before the country as an indi-
vidual, with the responsibility of my position
resting upon me as a member of this House ;
standing before my constituents as an indi-
vidual citizen, being responsible to them for
any position which I may assume before the
people, and for them in Congress, I am will-
ing to say to the country that I take my share
of the responsibility of saying that the tax
upon tea and coffee should be retained; that,
as I believe, the amount of revenue raised
therefrom goes directly into the Treasury with-
out paying or assisting to pay bounty to any
special or local interest,. I am willing to stand
there. I am willing, for one, to take my re-
sponsibility for that position. " Sink or swim,
live or die," I assume that responsibility as an
individual.
As 1 said before, all the tax which the poor
man pays on these articles goes directly into
the Treasury. He knows that whatever cents
or whatever dollars he may pay upon the tea
find coffee which afford him comfort and pleas-
ure, which feed him not only physically but
mentally, goes into the Treasury. He knows
that they do not assist in paying inordinate
bounties to special interests in the country.
Now, (or more than twenty years, from 1840
to 1860, England has confined her assessment
of impost duties to nineteen articles, including
tea and coffee. During the time when protec-
tion was a principle of the English Govern-
ment, that Government paid more than five
million poundssterlingper annum, duringsome
portions of the time, to support her paupers
alone ; more than we pay for the support of
our Army or for the support of our Navy.
They found that a change was necessary to
save the country from bankruptcy and ruin,
and hence they entered upon what was called
.the system of free trade. From 1841, for years,
"the English Government confined their assess-
ments to duties to a few articles, and in 1860
reduced the list to nineteen articles, and upon
..those nineteen articles they raised£70,000,000,
or more than we raise by our impost duties. _
Now, I am told that if we should adopt this
reform the country would suffer and injury
would result to certain interests of this coun-
try.' Sir, I believe that will not be the case.
I believe that not only will it not be the case,
but protection will come to all classes and all
citizens throughout the country alike. It will
give protection to the poor laboring man; there
would be a fair adjustment of the burdens of
the country upon the farmer, the mechanic,
the artisan, and all the various interests of the
country not specially interested in a few heavy
leading manufactures of the country.
But I am told that if this measure of reform
be carried out we shall stop manufactures. I
do not think we shall. I believe that our manu-
faotures will be continued just as they ari, now.
We shall continue to manufacture cotton and
woolen goods; we shall continue to manufac-
ture refined iron; we shall continue to carry on
every form of business that we now do. What is
more, sir, we shall build up the business of the
ship-yards in Boston, New York, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, or other commercial cities. We
shall bring into the construction of ships and
sailing vessels, the merchant marine of the
country, more people than are to-day engaged
in the manufactures of the country. As a
maker of course, these people will have_ to
ho fed and clothed; and thus we shall bring
into activity the farming or producing interest
throughout the country, as well as the manu-
facturing interfest; commerce will have Some-
thing to carry as our exports will revive; our
sails will whiten again every sea; our ship- build-
ing revive ; and neither subsidy nor bounty
will be required to stimulate the business; for
within a decade, with cheap raw material,
improved machinery, and with a well-paid and
contented skilled laboring population, we will
be able to compete with European countries
in the markets of the world.
I believe that we may raise from the articles
I have specified the same amount of duty that
we now collect. If I am told that this change
of policy will be too sudden, and produce too
violent a shock to the manufacturing and other
business interests of the country, I answer that
I am willing to approach this result gradually.
I am not here to demand an immediate change
of policy by the Congress of the country. I
believe that we should not only continue the
duties upon the articles which I have enum-
erated, and which, as these tables show, yield
the largest proportion of revenue, but I would
continue, if necessary, the duties upon woolen
goods, and, as a matter of course, upon the
finer articles of broadcloth, &c., because they
are luxuries entering into the consumption
chiefly of the wealthy. From such articles we
might raise perhaps ten million dollars. I
would raise a small amount of revenue—say
probably five million dollars—for the time
being, from cotton goods. By an ad valorem,
duty of ten per cent, on iron we might raise
at least five million dollars. I would continue
these duties for the time being, till the busi-
ness interests of the country shall adjust them-
selves to a different state of things.
I would not introduce this reform suddenly
or harshly. But, considering the condition of
the country, considering the pressure upon a
portion of its business interests, I believe the
time has come when a change should be made
in this regard. I hold that duties should be
levied with regard to raising revenue alone,
leaving the manufacturing and other interests
of the country to take care of themselves. As
a matter of course, they should be prepared
to do it.
None of these interests would be injuriously
affected to the extent of one dollar. No iron-
mill, no woolen-mill, would be compelled to
stop operations. At the present time, in con-
sequence of the increased cost of constructing
machinery, &c., it is almost impossible to es-
tablish new iron-mills or other similar estab-
lishments. We in the West are suffering for
want of manufactures. The establishment of
manufacturing business requires at the present
time too much capital, and in the West, where
money is scarce, we cannot enter into manu-
factures.
But a few weeks ago, in a city of the West
reputed to contain a great deal of wealth, an
effort was mad-e to erect an establishment to
manufacture steel railway bars. This enter-
prise, it was said, required more than a million
dollars, which the people of that community
have, up to this time, been unable to raise.
But if the cost of construction should be half
what it is now, $500,000 could easily be raised
for starting the manufacture of steel railway
bars, which are so much needed in the West
and throughout the country.
I look at this matter by the_ light of expe-
rience, and also by thelightof historyI know
that when I come to refer to the history of
England upon this question I _may be sub-
jected to the charge that there is an attempt
to influenee public sentiment upon this ques-
tion by British gold. It is said that the British
manufacturer conies here by his agents appeal-
ing to the American legislator. I can retort
this charge by saying that, as we all know, the
home manufacturers come here and by their
solicitations undertake to influence the levying
of revenue duties for their .benefit. I do not
know that there ever has been a single dollar
of British gold expended in this country to
create public sentiment and it is not for me
to speak on that matter.
But I take the experience of England on
this subject as valuable. I believe the history
of that Government is a history that we may
refer to with reason for the purpose of giving
us light. Now, what is that history? 1 care
not what men may say by way of theory, I care
not how they may estimate these things when
they talk about it; for, sir, I am content to
refer to the facts. I refer to the statistics.
What do weseo? England commenced her
policy of free trade, as they call it, in 1841.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man's time has expired.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I hope
my colleague's time will be extended.
The SPEAKEll pro tempore. For how
long?
Mr. ASPER. Twenty minutes.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman from Mis-
souri will let me suggest a matter by way of
question. The gentleman comes from a State
whei-e they have fought a noble battle, and he
was one of the foremost soldiers in that fight
for principles he and I maintain in common ;
and I should like him to signify to the House
how we can take up this matter of the tariff at
this session with a view to some practical
results in favor of the people. I should like
him to indicate from his stand-point as a Mis-
souri Representative, having fought the good
fight, how we may begin the good work, so that
the assurance may go out from this Congress
that the battle for revenue reform is still kept
up, and that we will never give it up until
the people are protected, and that protection
means something more than in the old term-
inology. Will he go with me next Monday to
take off the tax on coal entirely, at this season
of the year, when these strikes are going on?
I propose then to begin the work and to put
the wedge in. I also propose to strike off all
tax on salt, and to strike hands with all who
agree with me on this subject. I should there-
fore like to have the gentleman from Missouri
indicate some plan. I believe the revenue
reformers are men who mean to fight this fight
in good earnest, and I only ask that the gentle-
man from Missouri will give us some practical
suggestions in reference to the additional
legislation .needed at the close of his able
argument.
Mr. ASPER. I will endeavor to address
myself to the practical part of the subject, and
to suggest, as far as I believe they can be car-
ried out, changes in the way of revenue reform ;
although at the commencement of my remarks
I did not expect at this time to come down to
the consideration of practical legislation, for
the reason that I have understood through the
newspapers that the Committee of Ways and
Means had concluded not to act on the subject
of the tariff at this session. But I wished to
bring this subject to the attention of the coun-
try, and get the people to thinking upon the
subject.
Mr. COX. We have now upon our Calen-
dar, in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, bills reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means; and my object
is to get them up and pass them, especially the
bill for free coal; and I know my friend from
Missouri will help me on Monday next.
Mr. ASPER. I will willingly help the gen-
tleman from New York, or any other gentle-
man of any other State on any side of the
House, to take from the Speaker's table, or
take from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, the bills for free coal or
free salt, in order to make a practical begin-
ning in the way of revenue reform. I am
willing to assist him or any other gentleman on
