1478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
one hundredth birthday of the nation, to bg
held, not in Philadelphia but in New York ;
and it is said by those in New York who have
given attention to the subject that the idea was
borrowed in Philadelphia. Whether this be
so or not I care not now to stop and inquire)
and I say to the Senator from Pennsylvania,
in advance, that, were I able to cope with him
in such an adventure, I would not engage in
a game of chance or a scramble of activity to
determine the question whether New York
shall obtain an advantage over Philadelphia in
such a matter, or whether Philadelphia shall
obtain the advantage. I would rather address
myself to arguments of a different character.
If the city of New York, or the city of St.
Louis, or the city of Philadelphia, chooses to
undertake a centennial celebration, in its own
name and behalf, it is the business of the city
undertaking it. Any city, or any body, incur-
ring the trouble, expense, and responsibility,
will deserve the glory of success or the discredit
of failure, as the case may be. If, however,
the United States are to stand sponsor, if the
celebration is to be national, if it is to be held
under the auspices of the Government, and
patronized by the nation, then my honorable
friend from Pennsylvania will agree with me
that care should be taken to make it not only
creditable, but to insure its being conducted in
the besit way.
The timeatwhiehthe celebration is proposed
is more than five years distant. It is the 4th
of July, 1876 ; and although I know that time
and deliberation are necessary for its creditable
consummation, I submit that there is no neces-
sity for hasty legislation to-day or during the
nine days that remain of this session. If
various plans had been considered, if the press
and the mind of the country had been active
on the subject for even half a year, the case
would be different. We should then very likely
have before us the material out of which to
form a discerning judgment and embody it in
legislation. That, however, is not so. For,
although the American Institute a long time
ago made this suggestion, and although parties
in Philadelphia some time ago made the sug-
gestion also, and although the bill has found
its way through.the House of Representatives,
it is not true that in the country at large it has
been canvassed and ideas invited to any such
extent as would be useful. In the brief time
which has elapsed since the topic was brought
to public notice, and notwithstanding the very
rare instances in which it has elicited attention,
a great many suggestions have been made in
regard to it which have received no consider-
ation, though they deserve attention.
I have in my hand a letter written by a dis-
tinguished citizen now abroad, a man of
thought, who held high rank as a journalist
for years at home, who represented the United
States creditably at a leading foreign Court,
and who from Berlin has sent me the result
of much reflection upon this subject. Being
better than anything I could say, I ask that it
may be read. It is a letter from Hon. John
Bigelow, formerly our minister to France.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow
me, I ask the Chair whether, under the rules
of the Senate, I can object to the reading of
that long paper, because if that is read I may
as well give up the bill to-day. There are two
or three columns.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer the point of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania by reading the fourteenth rule:
" When the reading of a paper is called for, and
tho same is objected to by any Senator, it shall be
determined by a vote of the Senate, and without
debate."
Mr. CAMERON. I have no objection to its
going on the record, but I do object to its being
read now, so as to take up time.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not propose to have
this letter read to consume the time of the
Senate—far from it; and the objection can only
drive me to reading it myself, as part of my
remarks ; this I have a right to do. If he has
any objection to the Secretary's reading it
of course he can compel me to read it; but I
wish it read as part of my remarks. That
right I believe every Senator has.
Mr. CAMERON. That right you have; and
that will occupy the time.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish it to occupy
the time; but the letter is important and in-
structive, and I feel it my duty to insist that
if, by act of Congress, a celebration is to be
held, the act shall be fairly considered, and
that no locality shall be allowed to monopolize
the occasion unless for good reasons. This
letter, I will say to the honorable Senator,
makes the suggestion, among others, that in-
stead of any one place being selected, several
should be selected ; and for this good reasons
are given. I assure the Senator from Penn-
sylvania I do not want to occupy time unne-
cessarily ; but I do not think he should ask
me to allow his bill to escape consideration.
Mr. CAMERON. Now, Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania object to the reading of
the paper?
Mr. CAMERON. I object to the reading
of that paper; and I am surprised 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question of
the reading of the paper must then be decided,
by the fourteenth rule, without debate.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I will read it my-
self.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York withdraws his request.
Mr. CONKLING. I think the Senator pre-
fers my reading it rather than the Secretary.
Mr. CAMERON. I do.
Mr. CONKLING. I will say to the Senator
that the Secretary will read it much better and
quicker than I can.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not think so. I wish
I could be allowed to say a few words in reply
to the Senator from New Yerk.
Mr. CONKLING. I yield to the Senator.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from New
York u surprised me very much in his open-
ing. ale has talked about "schemes," about
hurrying this bill through the House. '
Mr. CONKLING. I did not say it was hur-
ried through the House.
Mr. CAMERON. You said it had found
its way through the House.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, I said that.
Mr. CAMERON. It has been before the
Senate nearly all this session. It has been
talked of in the country for years. The Sen-
ator from New York said it has been sprung
suddenly on the country. Certainly every Sen-
ator has^ heard for years of this great celebra-
tion. Everybody for the last twenty-five years
has heard of it, now and then, and it has been
spoken of in the newspapers. Certainly for
more than twenty years there has been con-
stantly a preparation of the public mind for
this great comiug event. The people of Phil-
adelphia have talked of it for years, and the
country has thought of Philadelphia as the
place where this great celebration should be.
I do not want to occupy time now, for by doing
so I should be only defeating the bill; but I
think it due to myself that I should say to the
Senator from New York that he is not taking
so fair a course in this matter as he usually
does in legislation.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Pennsylvania whether the point
of his objection is to require me to read this
letter, rather than avail myself of the services
of the Secretary in reading it?
Mr. CAMERON. I see that the time is to
be_ occupied now, anyhow, and so I make no
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania withdraws his objection, and the
letter will be read.
Mr. SCOTT. May I inquire of the Senator
from New York, before the reading of the let-
ter, whether that is the letter of Hon. Jolui
Bigelow, published by his permission in the
New York Tribune of February 1, 1871?
Mr. CONKLING. The same.
Mr. SCOTT. The country has seen it, I
presume.
The VICE PRESIDENT. .The Secretary
will read the letter, the objection being with-
drawn.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the let-
ter; and having proceeded for some time,
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from New
York will allow me, I will say to him that lis
might as well dispense with the further reading
of that letter, for nobody is listening to it. It
is only wasting time.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no; I want it read.
Mr. CAMERON. Then had you not better
read it yourself? Suppose I insist on that.
Mr. CONKLING. Ido not think I can read
it as well as it is being read now. Besides, the
Senator allowed it to be read at the desk, and
I hope he will not be an Indian giver, and take
back the permission he gave.
The Chief Clerk resumed and concluded the
reading of the letter, which is as follows :
4 iiohenzollern Stbasse, Beklin,
December 14, 1870.
My Deab Senator : It may not have occurred to
you that we are rapidly approaching the most mem-
orable anniversary in our national history. Five
years from the 4th day of July next we shall have
completed the first century of our existence as an
independent people. The event which marks the
term of such a memorable political cycle ought to
be suitably commemorated. It should not bp per-
mitted to pass without leaving behind it some aj pi o-
priate recognition of our great inheritance, bomts
durable memorial, like the altar of stones erected
by the children of Israel on Mount Ebal, which
should be in perpetual rcmcmbranco of our deliver-
ance from colonial bondage, and of the divine guid-
ance and protection under which we have since
been so prosperously journeying.
To make suitable preparations for such a com-
memoration no time should be lost. It will not do
to delay them until the anniversary is upon us, and
then allow our patriotic enthusiasm to find imper-
fect expression in confused and abortive essays.
In determining how the anniversary should be
noticed, several questions present themselves fur
preliminary consideration:
First. Should whatever isdone be conducted under
the auspices and direction of the Federal Govern-
ment or by the people, acting through a national
organization, specially provided for the purpose?
Second. What precautions are necessary at the out-
set to prevent the success of such a commemoration
being impaired by political differences and party
dissensions ?
Third. In what way and to what extent should
the participation of foreign nations be invited ?
Fourth. How could the celebration be most uni-
versal with the least displacement of the popu-
lation?
To settle these questions satisfactorily, I presume
the most efficacious method would be for the Pres-
ident to instruct some member of his Cabinet, or to
create a volunteer board, to receive suggestions
from the public upon all these points, and to report
to him the results, with plans of celebration, as
mature and' detailed as possible, and sufficiently in
advance of the next session of Congress to enable
him to make it one of the topics of his next annual
message. The subject might also be brought before
the people in their various gatherings on the next
4th of July, and such a degree of public attention
concentrated upon it as would greatly aid the com-
mittee in their task. The recommendations of the
President would probably determine whether the
celebration should be conducted under the auspices
of the Executive and Congress, or by an unotiiciul
and purely popular organization.
There will probably be a great diversity of opin-
ion as to the most appropriate mode of commemo-
rating such acentenary. Happily, itadmitsof being
commemorated in an infinite variety of ways: nor
need there be any limit placed to the forms in which
the ingenuity and patriotism of the country may find
expression. It is only important now to make sure
that the occasion is not overlooked or undervalued.
There are some important things to bo done in
contemplation of such an anniversary which may or
may not be associated with its celebration. Of these
the most obvious are:
First. Tho completion of the Washington monu-
ment, of the Capitol buildings, and, as far as possible,
of all the projected railway, telegraphic, and other
public works throughout the country.
Second. The restoration of the gold standard of
values.
Third. The reduction of the national indebtedness
to a point which shall insuro to our Federal securi-
ties a value in all the markets of the world equal at
least to the securities of any other Government. It
will be scarcely creditable to the form of govern-
ment under which we live, and of which we feel so
proud, if tea years after our civil war, and with
uninterrupted peace, we continue to pay our debts
in a depreciated currency, and if our republican
securities sell at lower rates than those of tho re-
