i8n.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Bank in the Navy—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. of Heps.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am speaking by the
indulgence of the House, and i do not desire
to take up further time, so I will bring my re-
marks to a close. I believe, as I have already
said, that the time has come when we should
adjust these duties upon revenue principles,
levying them upon those articles which enter
into general consumption, which everybody
Can buy or let alone, which everybody in the
country may use if they desire to use them,
and on which, when they pay the duties, they
know that every cent goes into the Treasury
of the United States and not into the treas-
uries of the various manufacturing corpora-
tions of the country. Levy your duties in this
way, and then you will bring down vastly the
price of everything, and when that adjustment
takes place, after a sufficient time has elapsed,
and when you have adjusted your currency so
-as to bring it to a specie standard, to the
standard of the currency of the world, then it
seems to me that you will have worked out a
problem in political economy that will bring
prosperity to the country and to all the inhab-
itants thereof. You will then have protected
alike the farmer, the laborer, the artisan, and
the mechanic, side by side with the protection
which you afford to the manufacturer who,
with his great capital and his great wealth,
undertakes to dominate and influence the
adjustment of duties in his own interest.
Now, Mr. Speaker, when you have done this,
when you have thus adjusted the finances and
the revenue and currency of the country, you
will have accomplished all that can or may
be accomplished by legislation for the country.
I do not expect to see it done in a day ; I do
not expect to see it done in a week, or in a
year. It will require time for these things to
be worked out; but a commencement must be
made. Let us commence, then, on Monday, let
us commence, then, next week, let us com-
mence this session, but let us make a com-
mencement in the right direction, and I believe
the masses will say, "Well done, good and
faithful servants, you have now done some-
thing that will tend to bring relief from the
great burden which has been resting upon us
so long. We are patriotic, we desire to bear the
burdens which should rest upon us, we desire
to pay off this national debt in good faith, pay
off the interest upon it, and to pay the ordinary
expenses of the Government; but we do not
believe that we should now burden ourselves
in order to pay off the national debt; let pos-
terity take care of that; let the increased
growth iti wealth and prosperity of the country
take care of that debt." Such is their cry all
over the land; and the people will, in their
own good time, care for the debt, and see that
every dollar is paid according to the contract;
but there must be time to breathe.
Mr. Speaker, I believe the country expects,
nay, demands, action in the direction of this
reform. Let their voice be heard, let it come ;
let us inaugurate a change; and the reward
will be like magic. We have but to touch the
public finances and the revenues with the wand
of reform, and prosperity will spring therefrom
in such strong and permanent force as to beau-
tify and illuminate the whole country. The
laborers will be well paid and fully employed;
all defensive societies will disappear; harmony
will come between labor and capital, and both
will work together for the permanent good of
all; the farmer will be better paid for his work
a'nd products; industries will be diversified;
wpalth will flow in with the commerce that will
be upon the seas and upon the land; happiness
and prosperity will abound, the people ele-
vated, and education will flourish together with
all the arts of peace. With such prosperity
will be built up, in fact, a great nation ; an
agricultural people, a manufacturing people,
a commercial nation.
He who lends a hand in this great work will
be a benefactor, a statesman. Whosoever
moves forward in this work will be enshrined
in the hearts of the people and will receive
warm thanks and many blessings from the poor
and lowly; but whosoever lags behind, or
favors a continuance of the restrictive policy,
will be crushed by the many millions of people
whose tread is even now heard in their near
approach, and in fearful earnestness, imbit-
tered by the exactions, bounties, and restric-
tions demanded of them through the influence
of monopolies and great special inteiests.
ltank in the Navy.
SPEECH OF HON. AARON F. STEVENS,
OP NEW HAMPSHIRE,
In the House op Representatives,
January 23, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. K. No. 1832) to regulate rank in the Navy of the
United States, and for other purposes—
Mr. STEVENS said:
Mr. Speaker : As the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania does not indicate the amflunt of time
which he wishes to occupy, I will proceed to
state generally the provisions of the bill, and
to some extent its history, after which I will
cheerfully yield to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
I am quite sure that the gentlemen of this
House whose attention I shall have the honor
to secure will not confess themselves strangers
to the question raised by the provisions of
this bill. Nor will they, I think, treat it as a
trivial or unimportant question, connected as
it is with one of the principal branches of the
public service. I do not seek to disguise the
fact that within the past two years the regula-
tion of rank in the Navy has become a ques-
tion of more public importance than has ever
been conceded to it in former times outside of
those immediately interested in its settlement.
It is but truth to say that no question of mili-
tary organization and detail has ever, except
in time of war, excited so much interest as
that to which I now desire to call the attention
of the House, and which this bill seeks to
regulate and fix upon a just and permanent
basis. Why is this ? Certainly not because
there is any considerable class in or out of
the Navy that desire to disturb a well-settled
and just principle of organization; a principle
which ought to be recognized as regular, equi-
table, and in accordance with well-established
military rules.
Experience shows that in military, as in
civil organizations, just and correct principles
and rules of action furnish the basis of acqui-
escence and contentment; while, on the other
hand, radical defects and unjust rules are con-
stantly a source of irritauon and friction, pro-
ducing discord, hostility, and disturbance. It
is not in the nature of man, nor is it in accord-
ance with our experience or the teachings of
philosophy, either in civil or military affairs,
to find a perfect and correct organization
cursed with intestine discord, convulsed with
internal quarrels, or, as my friend from Maine
once expressed it, with the hands of its honor-
able members at each others' throats. From
the fact of the bitter controversy which has
arisen and been continued in the Navy, and
which now exists there, weakening its effi-
ciency and annoying the country and Con-
gress with its complaints, I argue confidently
that there must be something wrong in an
organization which can give lise to and con-
stantly be involved in this marked and dis-
agreeable controversy. There must be a defect
somewhere, there must be something wrong.
We may differ as to the cause, we may not
agree as to the point where the blame rests', ^
but I think all who have traced the history i
of the_ question, or given the subject even a
superficial examination, will admit that it is
absolutely necessary to the prosperity of the
Navy and to the vindication of ourselves as
legislators that the cause of dissension should
be removed so far as we have it in our power
to effect so desirable an object.
Entertaining upon this subject views of my
own, not hastily adopted, and entirely uncon-
nected as I am with any personal interest or
consideration in connection with the official
corps of the Navy, £ ask attention while I
present tb'em to the House in aid of the pro-
visions of this bill.
a military question.
Let me say, in the first place, that this is
a military question. I claim, therefore, the
right to draw especially to its consideration the
attention of gentlemen upon this floor who
have heretofore, many of them, acted a prom-
inent part in the military organization of the
country, and 1 ask them frankly to listen to
me, to question me, to criticise the provisions
of the bill, to search the reasons which I may
be able to_ offer in its support, to object and
to amend if they shall find cause for such in-
tervention ; but above all I crave their earnest
and careful attention to the discussion and the
consideration of the question.
A military organization has within itself,
necessarily, many elements of exclusiveness
and caste, but when to these natural tenden-
cies is added an educational process which,
taking possession of the boy in his tender
years by a well-pre'pared and successive course
of training, leads him up to rank and com-
mand, there is infused into his mind, and he
carries with him, perhaps almost unconscious-
ly, into the discharge ot his duties a spirit of
intense egotism and contempt for those very
elements of society out of which he sprung.
This is the natural tendency of military cul-
ture, as it is the philosophy of military organ-
ization.
our naval school.
The schools of West Point and Annapolis
are often cited as prominent instances of the
fostering care which has been extended by the
nation to these anti-republican tendencies. It
is more particularly with the latter that I wish
to deal at this time. That the school of An-
napolis has become, par excellence, the hot-bed
and nursery of American military aristocracy
and caste I think no student of our progress
will deny. In asserting thi3 I do not mean to
charge the students of that Academy with all
the results of their education at that institution.
I do not mean to say that the young men who
receive their military training there are at fault
in this particular. It is the fruit of the system
of the instruction and of the exclusiveness in-
culcated there. Let it be relnembered that it
is only the officers of the line who are admitted
and educated there. Everything else has been
eliminated from the sacred precincts. The
staff officers are educated in and selected from
civil life. They represent the citizen element.
They are not trained on the bounty or charity
of the Government. They are educated at our
schools, academies, and colleges, while the
line officer is taken at a tender age, placed in
the school of Annapolis, and early taught that
his is to be a life of authority and command,
consecrated to exclusiveness and rank, and
that all talent, culture, skill, experience, and
age outside of the line are to be subordinated to
that part of our naval organization in all time
to come. This idea is impressed upon the young
cadetin every way that ingenuity can devise or
authority enforce. It grows with his growth
and strengthens with his strength. Instead of
being told that they are to rely upon their tal-
ents and acquirements solely for usefulness
and distinction, they are advised that their
importance and success depend materially on
maintaining the exclusiveness of their rank.
