1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
disregard bis warning when he declares that
"institutions upheld and cherished against
justice, and humanity, and conscience, have
yielded only to the scourge of war." The
salvation of England lies in the complete over-
throw of her system of landed property, which
has feudalized labor as well as land, and in
the restoration to the poor of their rightful
inheritance in the soil. This would solve the
problem of her pauper labor, and open the
way to the solution of every other vital ques-
tion. By diversifying the pursuits of her peo-
ple, and giving homes to multitudes who are
dragging out wretched lives under her factory
system, or driven into her alms-houses and
prisons, it would radically reconstruct the
whole fabric of her social life. A disenthralled
country would bear witness to the saying of
St. Pierre, that "'it is not upon the face of
vast dominions, but in the bosom of industry,
that the Father of mankind pours out the pre-
cious fruits of the earth."
But is the resemblance of our own country
to England so faint as to awaken no concern
for our future? Have we not borrowed from
her very many of her feudalistic ideas and
practices? Are we not following in her track
"with a step as steady as time?" Our coun-
try, indeed, is relatively new; but for that very
reason ideas and systems, whether wholesome
or vicious, ripen swiftly in this age of mar-
velous activities. Let me take the State of
California as an example. She is cursed by
a system of Spanish grants, covering her
best lands, and handing them over in great
bodies to individual monopolists; and this
evil is greatly aggravated by the absorption
into these monopolies of large tracts of Gov-
ernment lands contiguous to them, through
the shocking maladministration of Federal
and State officials. Then there are hundreds
of thousands of acres of Government lands
bought by a few speculators, largely with col-
lege and Indian scrip at low rates, and thus
held back from the landless poor, save upon
such terms as these speculators may see lit to
exact.
Besides all this, hundreds of thousands of
acres have passed into the custody of the State,
and thence into the clutches of monopolists,
through a monstrous perversion of the swamp-
land acts of*Congress, as already shown ; thus
inflicting upon the country and our pioneer
settlers a stupendous wrong. The monopoly
of California lands by her railroad corpo-
rations must not be omitted from this sad
inventory, nor should it be forgotten that the
power of this organized landlordism must
inevitably exert a shaping influence over her
judiciary, whose rulings have so often been
most unfrienSly to the poor. If to all this we
add that the great land-holders of the State,
the Bank of California, her steamship compa-
nies, and her railroad and mining corpora-
tions, find if, to their interest to stand by one
another, and are to a considerable extent in-
terested in common in the business ol each
other, we shall readily see that the maxim
that "capital owns labor" has a tolerably
fair prospect of being verified in that State.
To a very alarming extent the capital ot the
State holds tke labor of the Stale in its power;
and that it should seek still further to starve
and degrade labor by coolie importations is
the most natural thing conceivable. It wants
a base and background for its growing dom-
ination, and longs to liken our country more
and more to those of the Old World, in which
not one man in five hundred is a land-owner,
and "wages slavery" bears almost as griev-
ously upon the poor as chattel slavery once did
upon its victims in the South.
The coolie traffic has its genesis in the aggre-
gation of capital in the hands of a few men,
and especially in the monopoly of the soil; but
while it should be prohibited by strong statutes,
the real remedy for it must be sought in the
removal of the causes which produce it. We
must go to the root of the matter. I have
spoken of California ; but land monopoly in
other States has become almost equally alarm-
ing. In all of them the spirit of monopoly is
rampant, while the Government, putting on the
temper of the times, b as become its representa-
tive and most powerful auxiliary. Feudal-
ism, it is true, in its primitive form, has no
existence among us : but our great and rapidly
multiplying corporations threaten us with a
more fearful feudalization than that which
cursed England five centuries ago. It brings
the laboring classes more and more within its
! power, creating a subdued and subordinated
! class of proletariats like the Chinese, or an
I aggressive and embittered one like the English
working people. The motives for cultivating
the soil here in large tracts, and according
to the principles of scientific agriculture, are
quite as strong as in any other country, while
the effort to capitalize our lands as naturally
involves thespirit of association, through which
a few men of administrative talent constantly
enlarge their estates, and drive the poorer and
less provident classes to the wall.
The effect of labor-saving machinery and
steam upon the increase of production and the
concentration of capital must be quite as potent
here as in the countries of Europe in subject-
ing the laboring masses to the cunning and
cupidity of the "captains of industry," as they
are sometimes styled, who control our rail-
roads, telegraphs, banking institutions, and
land grants, being the monopolizers of trans-
portation and controllers of credit and ex-
change. These men are not only the captains
of industry, but, as I have shown, the captains
of legislation also; and their dominating idea
is legislation for property primaril}', and for
man secondarily. They dictate our laws from
the lobby, suborn the judiciary into their ser-
vice, and poison the fountains of public opin-
ion. Under their sway wealth is more and
more centralized, and the very life of our free
system of government is threatened.
The remedy for these evils, Mr. Speaker, is
to be found in the thorough reconstruction of
our land policy. This is the question of ques-
tions. It underlies every other, and no party
! deserves to live that will not face it. The
| questions of the tariff, of finance, of internal
I taxation, of eivilservice reform, and of national
| education are simply side issues. The just
j solution of all of them will be comparatively
j easy, if aided by a wise settlement of the land
question. The labor movement itself will
prove an unmeaning wrangle, if it does not
plant itself upon this as its central idea, and
press its demands for other reforms through
its adjustment. In pointing out the evils of
our present policy 1 have indicated some of
the reforms which these evils make immedi-
ately necessary; but we have gone so far in
| the direction of feudalism, and are still drift-
[ ing toward it at so fearful a rate, that the right
| of private property in land may itself ere long
I have to be reconsidered. This right, in its
! unlimited sense, is disowned by three fourths
| of the human race, including the ablest think-
j era of the present generation. It is at war
! with the great primal truths of the Declara-
tion of Independence, and can no more be
defended than the absolute right of private
property in the sunlight and the air. I do not
propose, or even suggest, any scheme of agra-
rianism ; but that this asserted right, accord-
ing to some just method yet to be applied,
should be subordinated to the rights of man
and the public good is as true as auy of our
fundamental political maxims.
Sir, this question reaches down to the very
bed-rock of democracy; for if a few individ-
uals or chartered corporations may absolutely
own millions of acres, they may own the whole
of a State, or a continent, and thus practically
enslave its people. The unrestricted monopoly
of the soil thus logically justifies a land-own-
ing despotism, and is just as repugnant to re-
publican government as slavery is to freedom.
The landholders of a country govern it, and
therefore the struggle for equal rights, whether
in this country or in Europe, must resolutely
uphold the natural Tight of the people to an
inheritance in the soil. Thus only can they
most certainly work out the overthrow of every
form of aristocratic and dynastic rule, and in-
stitute a real democracy in their stead. Every
household is a little commonwealth, and the;
aggregate of these makes the nation. The
family is the peculiar institution of the race,
the most blessed creation of God; and nations
are prosperous and strong in the exact pro-
portion in which it is protected and cherished.
It is the foundation of society, the parent and
master of the State. The home embodies all
that is best in our civilization, all that is most
precious and sacred in the idea of country, of
liberty, and of life. To guard and foster it
should be the grand purpose of our laws ; and
to fail in this duty, or to throw obstacles in the
way of the multiplication and security of well-
ordered homes, is to strike at the life of free
institutions.
The land question then, I repeat, is the great
living issue and overshadowing question of
American politics. No other problem goes
down so deep, or lies so near the heart of the
people. Even the grand cause of woman's
enfranchisement is fairly included in it, in so
far as the ballot is powerless to save in the
hands of landless citizens; while that cause
must find its chief support in the laboring
masses whose battle cry is "homes for all,"
! and who will welcome the heart and brain of
j woman as their natural and most powerful
i allies.
[ INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. DEGENEIi. Mr. Speaker, the Com-
i mittee on Indian Affairs has instructed me to
! report to this House a bill for the better pro-
! tec-tion of the frontiers of Texas, and to ree-
j ommenu its passage. The bill contains some
| novel features which require an explanation.
| On that account I shall be forced to trespass
! somewhat on your patience. The reason why
| I do so to-day before an almost empty House
i is simply because 1 wish to announce that on
I next Monday I shall move that the rules be
I suspended for the purpose of bringing this bill
I before the House for consideration, and that,
if I succeed in having the rules suspended for
that purpose, I shall then yield the hour which
I shall have at my disposal to those gentlemen
who perhaps feel inclined to oppose the bill.
This is, I believe, an evidence that I do not
desire to ride the bill rough-shod through. I
wish the bill to be perfected as much as pos-
sible, and I am willing to accept amendments
which will serve this purpose.
The bill is No. 2090, Printer's number 1231,
and is on the files of members. A few amend-
ments have been agreed upon by the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, which amendments will
be placed in print upon the desks of members
on Monday morning.
The title of the bill states its object. The
preamble sets forth the mischief done and the
causes thereof. The bill itself points out the
remedy. 1 will treat of these subjects in due
succession.
TITLE OF THE BILL.
The bill is named "A bill for the better pro-
tection of the frontiers of Texas." The title
concedes that protection is afforded, but de-
mands that it be increased, that it be made
better. I will presently show that there is good
cause for the demand. It isfrequently charged
on us frontiersmen that we have the habit of
indulging in superlatives, and that, in recount-
ing facts which come under our observation,
we are apt to draw on our imagination, and, to
a considerable extent, to exaggerate.
It does not serve my purpose either to deny .
the charge or to admit its truthfulness. We
have the consolation anyhow to have fellow-
sufferers. I give the public press as an evi-
dence. Did it not during the reconstruction
period, does it not every day, meet facts, indis-
