1480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 22,
courts in arkansas.
Mr. ROSS submitted a mbtion to reconsidef
the vote by which the till (ft 14. No. 15S2)
authorizing terms of the United States digtfict
court to be held at Helena, Arkansas, was
rejected yesterday; which motion was entered.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 518) in relation to the Panoche
Grande land grant, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 647) to incorporate
the Texas Pacific Railroad Company and to aid
in the construction of its road, and for other
purposes, with amendments, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1227)
authorizing the construction of a bridge across
the Missouri river.
The message likewise announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. EL No. 1351)
to prescribe the form of the enacting and re-
solving clauses of acts and resolutions of Con-
gress, and rules for the construction thereof.
admission to marble room.
Mr. LEWIS. There are a great many stran-
gers in the city who are visiting the Capitol to-
day, and who desire to be allowed to go into the
marble room and other rooms about the Capi-
tol, and are annoying Senators a great deal by
sending in for them fof that purpose. I there-
fore move to suspend the rule for to-day which
prohibits them from visiting the marble toom
during the sessions of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Senator from Virginia
asks unanimous .consent to suspend for this
day the rule which prohibits strangers from vis-
iting the marble room, stating that there are
several who desire to do so.
The motion was agreed to.
bill introduced.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1363) defining the jurisdiction of the police
court for the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
indian appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2615) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling so-called treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1872, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. COLE. This bill, I believe, has already
been read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state that at an evening session,the
bill was read over and the amendments of the
Committee on Appropriations were agreed to
informally, reserving the right of the Senator
from Iowa, the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, [Mr. Harlan,] to enter a
motion to reconsider any amendments that
might be in conflict with those proposed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall not object to the
bill being reported to the Senate, but I will
ask to have the various amendments taken up
in detail in the Senate in order that they may
be considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will require
going over the whole bill again.
Mr. COLE. Let there be a motion to recon-
sider, if necessary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will not be
necessary if the Senator from Iowa insists on
havjpg ev,ery amendment reported in detail.
Mr. HARLAN. I am willing that the bill
shall be reported to the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I did not understand the Sen-
Mr" HARLAN. I am willing that the bill
shall be reported to the Senate at this time.
Mr. COLE. I hope not. Let us perfect
the bill, if we can, in committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT." If the Senator
from California has no further amendment
from the Committee oh Appropriations, the
Chair will recognize the Senator from Iowa
to propose the amendments of the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not wish to be at
cross-purposes with the honorable Senator
from California j but I will offer no amend-
ment until the bill is reported to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate must
then act upon the reserved amendments. The
Secretary will report the first reserved amend-
ment of the Committee on Appropriations, on
the first page and first paragraph of the bill.
The Chief Clerk. On page 1, line six, the
Committee on Appropriations rej>0rt to strike
out the words "so called."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to the Chair
whether it be not possible by general consent
to save going all over these amendments again
in the Senate. Let the bill be reported with
these reserved amendments, or let us take
them as agreed to in a lump in some way to
facilitate business. It does not do any good
to take them twice. ,
Mr. COLE. There are only one or two
amendments reserved.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand that the
vote is yet taken on striking out " so-called."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
just stated the question. The question is on
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This phrase "so-
called," occurs two or three times in the bill.
The Chair will regard it as stricken out on
page 65 also, as recommended by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The next reserved amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
passed over was on page 70. The Committee
on Appropriations reported an amendment, to
strike out the following proviso, commencing
in line seventeen hundred and thirteen:
Provided, That hereafter no payments shall be
made by any officer of the United States to contract-
ors for goods or supplies of any sort furnished to the
Indians, or for the transportation thereon, or for any
buildings or machinery erected or placed on their
reservations, under or by virtue of any contract en-
tered into with the Interior Department orany branch
thereof, on the receipts or certificates of the Indian
agents or superintendents for such supplies, goods,
transportation, buildings, or machinery, until such
receipts or other vouchers shall have been submitted
to the executive committee of the board of commis-
sioners appointed by the President of the United
States and organized under the provisions of the
fourth section of the act of April 10,1869, and the
third section of the act approved April 15,1870, for
examination, revisal, and approval; and it shall be
the duty of said board of commissioners, without
unnecessary delay, to forward said receipts or other
vouchers so submitted to them to the Secretary of
the Interior, with the reasons for their approval or
disapproval of the same, in whole or in part, attached
thereto; and said Secretary shall have power to sus-
tain, set aside, or modify the action of said board,
and cause payment to be made or withheld, as he
may determine ; if he overrules or modifies the ac-
tion or decision of said board of commissioners, he
shall furnish said board with his reasons therefor, in
writing, which shall be made part of their records.
Mr. STEWART. That seems to be a care-
fully prepared proviso against the misapplica-
tion of money put in by the House, and I
should like to know some reason for striking
it out.
Mr. COLE. It is a very extraordinary pro-
vision to be incorporated in any bill. It puts
the management of the whole Indian depart-
ment under the control of an executive com-
mittee, nobody knowing who they will be, of
a board of commissioners who are serving in
a gratuitous sort of way, no doubt from the
best of motives; and they have the appoint-
ment of their own executive committee, who
maybe constituted of one, two, or three men—
one, if they sefe fit to confer tjie authority on
but one. This makes the whole management
of the Indian department, the whole man-
agement of the Interior Department, so far as
this branch of the service is concerned, entirely
subordinate to that one individual or that so-
called committee. It is a very extraordinary
provision; and I hold that it would be a re-
proach—it could hardly have been intended
as other than a reproach—on the Interior
Department to have such a provision in the
bill, to make all contracts and accounts sub-
ject to the executive committee of these com-
missioners, nobody now knowing who that
individual is to be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations, striking out this proviso.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next reserved amendment, on
page 73.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment
of the Committee on Appropriations, which
was to strike out, on page 73, the following
clause:
}?or this amount, to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to pay Alvin N. Blacklidge for services ren-
dered and money expended in taking the census of
the Cherokee Indians, under the provisions of the
twelfth article of the treaty of 1806, with said Indians,
$938 56.
Mr. HARLAN. I think, perhaps, that ought
not be to stricken out. It is a balance due
the^Sarty appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior to take the census of the Cherokee
Indians, in pursuance of a treaty stipulation.
The amount is certified to by the Secretary
of the Interior and the appropriation recom-
mended. I know no reason why it should not
be paid.
Mr. COLE. This is a deficiency; and the
place for this, if anywhere, is in the deficiency
bill. The deficiency bill, as I have seen it in
its crude form, embodies some claims of a sim-
ilar character; and this is properly in asso-
ciation with such claims, if that bill is pre-
sented in the form in which I have already
seen it. I think it ought not to be in a bill
making appropriations for the next fiscal year,
commencing on the 1st of July next. This is
to pay an old account for taking the census of
some Indian tribe. I submit to the Senator
from Iowa that this is not the place for this
clause.
Mr. HARLAN. That may be ; but it has
been put in by the House of Representatives,
and is in the bill. It will require the same
amount of money precisely if it should be put
into another bill, and I see no propriety in
striking it out of this with a view of putting it •
into another bill. It may as well stay here.
Mr. COLE. I have further to say, on behalf
of the Committee on Appropriations, that we
have had no evidence before us of the justice
of the claim. I believe some person spoke to
me on the subject—perhaps the very person
named in it, and probably some other person,
though I do not know who that other person
was. But we know nothing about it, We do
not know that the matter has been regularly
examined by the accounting officers of the
Treasury Department. I think probably it has
not been, for the reason that it is for a demand
which must have arisen but recently I pre-
sume, taking the census of an Indian tribe,
when, I do not know. We have no inform-
ation that will authorize us to consent that it
shall be retained in this bill.
Mr. HARLAN. Doubtless the Committee
on Appropriations did their duty. Not having
sufficient information to justify them in retain-
ing this clause, they have moved to strike it
out; but the Committee on Indian Affairs,
having information before them ttai justified
