1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Bank in the Navy—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. of Reps.
Sir, whathasbeenourexperienceonthissubject?
We had this Navy board once, or something tanta-
mount to it. As a friend said to me yesterday, when
the proposition was introduced here, "When wc got
rid of the old board in 1842 we felt as Sinbad the
snilor felt when the Old Man of the Sea was lifted
off his shoulders.' It was an incubus on the Navy,
and was so regarded atthattime by everybody except
some of the old post captains who were assigned as
members of the board. It was an inefficient organ-
ization and wns so considered by every one whose
opinion was worth anything. Every nation on the
face of the earth that has had it or anything like
it is attempting to abolish it."
In the House of Representatives, Mr. Rice,
of Massachusetts, chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, met the proposition as fol-
lows:
"I think the gentleman [Mr. Davis] has been un-
fortunate in the selection of the proposition which
he has submitted to the House. It is, sir, nothing
more nor legs than that this Congress and the Navy
Department of the United States shall thiow away
all the teachings-of experience, both at home and
abroad, and shall take a retrograde step, plncing
the administration of our naval affairs where it was
nearly acentury ago." * * * * *
"The question of the expediency of putting the
Navy Department under the surveillance of a board
ofexaminers, or a board of administration, thecom-
mittee proceeded to consider as soon as they could
gain time from the pressure of other and more im-
portant matters; and, as I said before, weeks ago
they were ready to submit their action and conclu-
sions to this House as soon as its rules would permit,
and, if necessary to do so, to submit the reasons for
the decision to which they arrived.
*' Now, I desire to say here, that the report which
the committee are ready to make whenever they
have an opportunity is adveise to the proposition
bubmitted bv the honorable gentleman from Mary-
land. [Mr. Davis,] and if the House will indulge me
I will proceed tosiate, with as much brevity as the
circumstances permit, some of the reasons which
have led us to that conclusion. The proposition of
the honorable gentleman is substantially that the
Navy Department of the United States shall be put
under a. similar kind of administration to that by
which the British navy is at present controlled ; and
I need not say to any gentleman who has examined
that subject that the British board of admiralty is
to-day, of all administrative things in England, the
most unpopular among the people and Government
of that nation.
" The administration of the navy of Great Britain
was vested originally in an officer called the 'lord
high admiral of the British navy,' an office which
lias not been filled, except for a very short period,
ior nearly one hundred and eighty years, the excep-
tion being its occupation bv the Duke of Clarence, in
1827; atallolhei times it has been placed in com-
mission. as the phrase is. a commission consisting
of two lords, four commissioners, and two secreta-
ries, the incumbents being so appointed and retired
as to be in harmony and sympathy with the dom-
inant party in the Government for the time being.
And what has been the result? Just precisely what
one would exr ect would be the result of the action
of an organization having no individual responsi-
bility, and Reeling the stimulus of no executive
power."
After reviewing the merits of the British
system, or board of admiralty, Mr. Rice con-
tinues:
"Otherleadingmen and authorities have spoken of
this board in even stronger terms of disfavor as a
feeble and unsatisfactory mode of administering the
navy, and this in such numbers as to lead one to
suppose that nothing but the proverbial unwilling-
ness to make a radical change in any part of their
governmental organization would tolerate its con-
tinuance. And let me call attention to the fact that
it is not against the personnel of this board of ad-
miralty that the objection lies, but against the sys-
tem itself; for the board of admiralty of Great Brit-
ain has from time to time embraced some of the
wisest, some of the most experienced, and some of
the most judicious naval authorities in Great Britain.
But during all the time of its existence down to the
present it has hardly been able promptly and effi-
ciently to put forth the efforts which were necessary
to provide against the exigencies of war which at
all times are liable to occur.
"As I have already shown. British authorities, who
have investigated for them?elves the subject, declare
in their periodicals, reports, and speeches that this
board of admiralty is an organization which is de-
fective in its very nature, and therefore it. cannot be
made of paramount value by the administration of
any men, however efficient, excellent, and experi-
enced they may be. Yet this, let mc say, is substan-
tially Hie system which the honorable gentleman
from Maryland, (Mr. Davis.) if I understand him,
desires we shall establish here; a system which, after
a test of more than two hundred years in Great
Britain, is more than almost anything else connected
with their Government in his repute, both with the
Government and with the people, and has singularly
failed in presenting any positive advantage, as the
present condition of the British navy shows. This
is the system which the honorable gentleman from
Maryland (Mr. Davis) desires us to institute here.
This is the kind of trammel that he desires to put
over the chief officer of our Navy Department,"
******** **
"Now, sir,the gentleman from Maryland in pro-
posing this measure has not only run contrary to the
experience of France and of England upon this sub-
ject, but he proposes to leap over the whole period
of time during which this Government has had an
existence. Why, sir, wheu the Navy of the United
States first came into being, in 1775, we then had a
marine committee. In 1776 wo had what was called
a continental Navy board. In 1779 wo had a board
of admiralty. In 1798 a Navy Department was
established, with a Secretary of the Navy. In 1815
we had a board of Navy commissioners appointed,
In 1842 all these irresponsible boards, these debating
societies organized to discuss and to settle the prin-
ciples upon which our Navy should be constructed
and administered, were wiped out of the way, under
the experience which the Government had had
through this long period, and a Navy Department,
substantially like that which wo now have, was
established. We got along very well from 1842 up
to 1862. the second year of this war, under the Navy
Department as it was organized in 1842. And, sir,
what did the wisdom of Congress determine after
two years of experience amid the trials of this war,
added to the long experience in a peace establish-
ment? What did the wisdom of Congress decide
was expedient to be done in 1862, when the height
of the pressure of this war was upon us, when
pew exigencies were arising every day, when there
was a demand for the loftiest and broadest wisdom
and experience that the country could furnish in
rcspect to the best method of administering the
Navy? Why, sir, it did not establish a board of
admiralty; it did not establish a board of commis-
sioners: it did not run across the water and adopt
the system of admiralty which the Government of
Great Britain was just then trying earnestly and
laboriously to dispense with. But Congress did am-
plify the existing Navy Department, changing none
of its material features but enlarging it to meet the
added necessities which were brought upon it and
upon the country by this gigantic war."
$ * Av; $ 4: #
" So, sir, we have in the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maryland 110 new proposition whatever,
but one which we have already tried, improved
upon, and discarded."
Mr. Pike, of Maine, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, opposed the scheme in the
following language:
"It is a preliminary question whetherornotthere
is an organization that in the future can produce a
respectable Navy. The gentleman from Maryland
has produced his plan. Here it is; a board of naval
administration, which is to be a panaceafor all the ills
under which we now suffer. I hold in my hand the
original measure, but which, I understand, has been
modified somewhat since. It provides that the vice
admiral and four other officers of the Navy shall con-
stitute a board, and that that board shall have the
advising of the construction and management of the
Navy.
" It is proposed to make this board permanent, for
the smaller experiments which have been tried from
time to time in the Navy Department, and which is
an ordinary and almost daily means of obtaining the
opinion ot an advisory board, will not satisfy the
gentleman. Hemusthavo this a permanent board,
under the appointment of the President and sanc-
tion of the Senate. So he would retire our distin-
guished Viec Admiral from active service, and take
him and four or five other distinguished officers of
the Navy and lay them up in ordinary here, impos-
ing upon them simply the duty of advising the Sec-
retary of the Navy, which advice he may or may not
be expected, in his discretion, to follow. In addition
to the serious objection of retiring so many good
officers, we can readily imagine the conflicting views
which will arise, the discordant councils, and the
balancing and shifting of responsibility from the
head of the Navy Department to the naval board,
and back again from the naval board to the Secre-
tary of the Navy. Either one or the other of them
must be responsible. It will not be as it is now,
where you have provided your Secretary of the Navy
with heads of bureaus, who shall advise him of all
the details of their particular departments."
Is it not passing strange, Mr. Speaker, that
after the marked and decisive repulse which
that antiquated scheme received in the Halls
of Congress at so recent a period the attempt
should again be made by the officers of the
line to shut up the management of the Navy
Department in the hands of a close corpora-
tion consisting of three line officers—a triune
censorship, outside of which the Secretary of
the Navy is to be bat an admiring spectator?
But these gentlemen dream on, and are still,
I'suspect, waiting the golden opportunity when
their aspirations for eliminating "civilians"
from the service, iacluding the heads of bu-
reaus, shali be fully realized, and the naval
organization, "from stem to stern," become
purely, entirely, and exclusively a dominant
military power. And, to my apprehension, these
desires and repeated attempts to withdraw the
Navy from civil influence demand of Congress
thatitshould cherish and advance the influence
and the membership which springs fresh and
vigorous from the ranks of civil life, which is
so largely represented by the staff of the Navy.
This policy undoubtedly arose from a desire
to arrogate to th'S line of the Navy all there
might be of consideration, respect, and im-
portance which can be derived from rank.
Your committee have looked carefully to the
construction and organization of other navies,
as well as to the Army of the United States,'
and have failed to find any existing military
organization where these well-known and con-
venient distinctions of line and staff do not
obtain. In this view, and with so strange a
proposition. I can only regard it as one of the
idiosyncrasies of the American Navy, which
furnishes so many departures from the well-rec-
ognized rules of enlightened and progressive
military organization, while it develops an
absence of those changes which seem to
have been demanded and'adopted in all other
branches of military service.
Before I go further, Mr. Speaker, I ask atten-
tion to a comparative statement to which I
shall have occasion to refer.
rank in foreign navies.
I have said that the condition of the Amer-
ican Navy in regard to rank is as anomalous
as unjust and inequitable. When we point to
the organization of the Army of the United
States as a body where the principle con-
tended for prevails, and has been thoroughly
tested, and, according to General Sherman,
works well, we are answered that the Navy is
a very different thing ; that its official corps
are brought into closer proximity'and relation-
ship, are cooped up together on board ships
where collisions age more likely to occur and
disagreements to*exist. Well, sir, grant this;
does it not suggest the strongest reason why
men of equal strength of character.and high
attainments, though clothed with different
power and duties, should"have their official
status clearly defined? More than this, sir;
is it not absolutely required, for the good of
the service, that there should be no such in-
equality in official ranks as will enable youth
to domineer over and insult age with impun-
ity? Such has been the declared opinion of
the highest authorities in the country for many
years, including the most distinguished line
officers of the Navy.
It cannot tend to the harmony and discip-
line of the service for one half of its officers
to be constantly goaded by a knowledge of the
obvious fact'that not only are they retained
in a state of official inferiority, while their -
contemporaries of the Army are honored and
promoted, but to discover, as they look over
the organization of other navies, that they are
deprived of rights, comforts, and privileges
enjoyed by staff corps everywhere else, and
that they are the victims of an exclusive and
aristocratic principle which does not exist even
in the navies of Europe. The self-respect of
every staff officer in our Navy may well feel
a shock when he knows, both by observation
and study, that in the English and French
navies the men who occupy relative positions
with himself are entitled to fixed and positive
rank, and that, although belonging to the same
profession with himself, the honor of the higher
grades of rank in the service are open to the
talents, ambition, and merit of the staff officer.
Why is this aristocratic principle, exploded
and abrogated in every navy in the civilized
world, retained and nourished in our little
Navy. Is it for the protection of the line? Is
there such a superiority of brains and accom-
plishments in the staff that the equality can
only be preserved by exclusive rank? I trust
