1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1481
them in the belief that it ought to pass, have
instructed me to ask that it be not stricken out.
We had a report from the Interior Depart-
ment, including a letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, stating that this amount was due for
this service, and that it ought to be paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a private claim;
and if it is to be ingrafted on this bill we cer-
tainly ought to have the report of somebody
explaining it. This is a fair illustration of the
improvidence and wrong of this species of
legislation. Here is a mere private claim, in-
serted in this bill by the House of Represent-
atives, in violation of their rules and in viola-
tion of our own, for services rendered five years
ago. If this matter had been referred to the
Committee on Claims or to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and they had reported a bill
for the relief of this gentleman, as a matter
of ordinary prudence we should have called
for the reading of the report, and had the facts
before us, and passed upon them. Now, it is
placed upon a regular appropriation bill, and,
without any explanation, it is about to pass.
I hope, therefore, if the Senator from Iowa
has an official report on the subject, that he
will have it read.
Mr. HARLAN. I am not able to lay my
hand at this moment on the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Interior; but all the members
of the committee know that we had the letter
before the committee, and read it in commit-
tee, and examined it carefully, or with as
much care as is usual in such cases.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator whether
the claim of Alvin N. Blacklidge has been
examined in the Treasury Department with a
view to passing upon the different items of
his claim ?
Mr. HARLAN. I do not remember whether
there is an exhibit from the Treasury or not;
I am not sure about that; but I remember dis-
tinctly reading the letter to the committee
from the Secretary of the Interior, stating the
balance that was due for this service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations, to strike this item from the
bill.
The question being put, a division was
called for; and the*ayes were fourteen.
Mr. POMEROY. I presume those in favor
of the amendment will give it up. That is not
the half of a quorum.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is very
true.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; we do not give it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those opposed
to the amendment will rise.
Sixteen Senators rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. We had
better have the yeas and nays, to see whether
there is a quorum or not.
Mr. THURMAN. I suggest that there be
another division. There is evidently a quorum
of the Senate present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will again count the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather have the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Chair is satisfied
that there is a quorum present I should like to
make a remark.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have the
amendment reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont is on the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The point is whether the
Senate ia willing on an appropriation bill for
the next year to provide for paying a pri-
vate claim, which properly has no business in
this bill; an old debt, claimed to be due four
years ago, for taking the census of the Chero-
kee Indians, under some treaty stipulation, of
about one thousand dollars, and in respect to
which the Committee on Appropriations could
obtain no information whatever, and in respect
to which all we have now is the statement of
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs that he has seen a letter, which
he cannot now find, from the Secretary of the
Interior, which, as he understands it, is favor-
able to the claim. That is the statement of
the proposition; and we are asked upon that
to take $1,000 out of the Treasury, without
any committee having investigated this private
claim and reported upon it to us so that we
can see what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the proposed amendment again at
the request of the Senator from Nevada.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike Out-the following clause:
For this amount, to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to pay Alvin N. Blaeklidge for services
rendered and money expended in taking the census
of the Cherokee Indians, under the provisions of
the twelfth article of the treaty of 1866 with said
Indians, $938 55.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Committee on
Appropriations report in favor of striking out
tll&t ^
The VICE PRESIDENT. They report in
favor of striking it out, and the Committee on
Indian Affairs report in favor of keeping it in.
Mr. CONKLING. Then we have the benefit
of both.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to state one thing
further. The decision of this question will
decide a great many other amendments to this
bill. I shall not deem it my duty to call for
a division hereafter on other amendments if
the Senate put this claim on the bill. If this
amendment had been reported by a committee
of the Senate, if it bad been reported by the
Committee on Indian Affairs itself, it could
not have been put on this bill ; it would
be excluded by our rules. Those rules are
founded upon a sufficient reason, that a pri-
vate bill cannot be added to an appropriation
bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Unless it is to carry out
the provisions of a treaty, which the Senator
from Iowa tells us the Secretary of the Interior
says this does.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no treaty with
the Cherokee Indians stating that we shall pay
$938 to this man.
Mr. POMEROY. But there is a treaty that
we shall take a census of those Indians, and
this is to pay for that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow me to get through with what I have to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio declines to yield.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this construction now
put upon this reference to a treaty should be
sustained, then every private bill whatever that
grows out of a treaty stipulation might be put
on this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. So they can, every one
of them.
Mr. SHERMAN. That provision of the rule
only relates to cases provided for by treaty.
For instance, suppose a treaty should require
that so much money should be paid to an indi-
vidual citizen of another State, a very common
stipulation, then the effect of that provision,
if contained in a treaty, would be sufficient to
justify the committee to report a private claim
for that particular person growing out of the
treaty. But here is an appropriation for the
payment of services to one of our own citizens.
We have not even the treaty produced. If the
Indian Committee are allowed to load down
this bill with various kinds of private claims,
such as I see in their amendments, then it
ceases to bo an Indian appropriation bill for
the next year, but it is an omnium gatherum
for all Indian expenses for the last fifty years.
I know my honorable friend from Iowa
would answer this by saying that there must
be a certain amount of legislation for the In-
dians, and this is a convenient, bill on which
to place that legislation ; but if this policy is
carried out in regard to other appropriation
bills we cannot pass them during the rest of
this session.
I, for one, shall stand by the Committee on
Appropriations. They have made an honest
effort to strike from this bill all private legis-
lation, confining it solely to sums necessary to
carry on the service of the Indian department
for the next fiscal year. If this amendment
of theirs should be voted down now, we can-
not hereafter resist any appropriation of any
character whatever. This is a mere private
claim inserted in the bill in the House of
Representatives in violation of their rule, and
if we cannot strike it out, as a matter of course
the Committee on Appropriations might as
well abandon their efforts to strip this bill of
these extraneous matters. I see they have
stricken out of this bill a very large amount,
and I, for one, will sustain them in that action.
Mr. HARLAN. I am a little surprised at
the statement made by the honorable Senator
from Ohio. It probably grows out of a differ-
ence of opinion between him and myself as to
what constitutes a private claim. I might ob-
serve, in the first place, by way of inducement,
that the fact that this provision is in the appro-
priation bill, placed there by the other branch
of Congress under their rules, would seem to
imply that it was not considered by them as a,
private claim. He is not therefore warranted,
I think, in saying that the House of Represent-
atives violated their rules in putting it in. He
may say that he differs with the House of
Representatives as to the proper interpretation
to be placed by them on their own rules, and
that is about as far, I think, as he is justifiable
in proceeding with that criticism.
Mr. President, what is a private claim ? Is
it a deficiency in a man's salary? If money
enough shall not have been appropriated to
pay the salary of the President of the United
States, and he only receives a fraction of it
during one year, and any one shall move an
appropriation to make up the deficiency—is
that a private claim? I apprehend not. If
the service is performed in pursuance of law
it is a public duty on the part of Congress to
make the appropriation to meet the expend-
iture. If that is so in the case of the salary
of the President of the United States, is it not
so in reference to the pay of a humbler func-
tionary of this Government? Under the pro-
visions of law a man has been appointed to
perform a humble service, to count the men,
women, and children composing an Indian
tribe, and he performs that service, faithfully
it is presumed, to the acceptance of the De-
partment from which he holds his commission,
and Congress makes an appropriation to pay
for that service, but fails to appropriate a suf-
ficient amount; and to cover that deficiency
the House of Representatives sends a bill to
the Senate. It is not, as it seems to me,
within the province of the chairman of the
Committee on Finance to say that, the House
violated their rules in putting that item into
this bill. If so, every proposition to provide a
deficiency could be met with the same objec-
tion, that it is merely a private claim.
The honorable Senator thinks that every
amendment proposed by the Committee on
Appropriations must be sustained by the Sen-
ate. If that be true, you ought to abolish the
other committees. I have understood from
members of that committee that they deem it
to be their duty to report only appropriations
which are required by the enactments of law,
and nothing more. With the discharge of that
duty on their part I have no fault to find.
But if no other committee of this body is to
be heard on an appropriation bill, why should
we deliberate on their amendments? _ Why
not adopt their amendments at once, without
discussion and without a hearing? I have
great respect for the members of that com-
mittee. It is composed of those who are
among the most honored members of this
body, who are selected with reference to the
specific duty placed in their hands. But, sir,
