1482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
they are not infallible ; they are, like all other
men, liable to make mistakes, liable to commit
errors; and I suppose it is the province of
the Senate to examine what they do and what
they propose with the same care that they
would examine a proposition coming from any
other committee ef this body. They have
presented no reason for striking this provision
from the bill except their own ignorance.
They say they know nothing on this subject,
and therefore they must be sustained, when
another committee of this body, having exam-
ined the subject thoroughly, have become satis-
fied from the evidence that the provision ought
to remain.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us see your evidence.
Mr. HARLAN. Well, at least my state-
ment of the evidence presented to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs ought to be equal to the
declaration, on the part of the chairman of
that committee, that they had no evidence
whatever, that they knew nothing on the sub-
ject. If their absolute want of knowledge is
sufficient to overturn an appropriation that
comes to this body from the House of Repre-
sentatives, it would be useless to deliberate.
Mr. POMEROY. I will state that the treaty
to which I alluded is on the desk, and can be
read. If anybody doubts whether there is a
provision for taking the census of these Indians
he can read the treaty. I do not want to take
up time in reading it; but it is there. The
treaty provides for the taking of this census.
It obligates the United States to take the cen-
sus, I understand; I have not read it.
Mr. COLE. In what year was the treaty
made?
Mr. POMEROY. It is on the desk, and can
be read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can state in a minute.
There is no doubt about the fact that the treaty
of 1866 provides that a census shall be taken
by the United States of these Indians, and that
the United States shall pay for it; but that is
far from proving either that this man took the
census, or that he has not been paid, or that he
took it according to law. That is the trouble.
Mr. SHERMAN. The census has been
taken?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir. My honorable
friend from Iowa really believes this is a jus't
claim ; but he has not given us any report in
writing which states the facts aud circumstances
under which it took place, and he cannot find
the documents upon which his judgment was
founded. Therefore, if you pay this man $1,000
you pay him merely because my friend from
Iowa and his brethren of the Committee on
Indian Affairs think he ought to be paid, with-
out allowing us to see the evidence, that other
committees are obliged to present in reporting
upon claims, upon which their conclusion is
based; while, oil the other hand, by striking it
out, you merely refuse to put it on this bill;
and in the mean time the papers can be looked
up, and when another bill comes here, the
miscellaneous appropriation bill, upon which
it would be much more appropriate, or the
deficiency bill, we can put it on that.
Mr. HARLAN. In order that the members
of the body may know that this is not subject
to the objection raised by the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, 1 desire to read from the treaty,
page 802 of the Statutes-at-Large, volume
fourteen:
"After the ratification of this treaty, and as soon
as niny bft deemed practicable by tile Secretary of
the Interior, and prior to the first session of said
council, a census or enumeration of each tribe law-
fully residing in said Territory shall be taken under
the direction of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
who, for that purpose, is hereby authorized to des-
ignate and appoint competent persons, whose com-
pensation shall be fixed by the Secretary of thelnto-
rior, and paid by tho United States."
Mr. COLE. Now, I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
what evidence he has that this man has taken
the census at all, and how much he has been
paid for it?
Mr. HARLAN. There is no doubt about
the census having been taken. I have before
stated that the Secretary of the Interior reports
the fact to the Senate of the United States, and
his letter will be found among the printed doc-
uments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What fact?
Mr. HARLAN. The report of the Secre-
tary of the Interior recommending the payment
of this amount.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to see it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations, to strike out this clause, on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 19; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Boreman, Carpenter,
Cole, Conkling, Edmunds, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamlin, Hill, McCreery, Revels, Sawyer, Schurz,
Sherman, Stearns, Stockton, Thurman. Trumbull,
Willev, 'Williams, Wilson, and Yates—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Chandler, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Flanagan, Fowler,
Harlan, Howard, Howell, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt,
Ramsey, Robertson, Iioss, and Vickers—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameron,
Casserly, Cattell, Fenton, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Texas, Harris, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Rice. Saulsbury, Seott,
Spencer, Spraguc, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
and Warner—31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next reserved amendment of
the Committee on Appropriations.
The Chief Clerk read the next reserved
amendment, which was on page 73, after line
seven hundred and eighty-eight, to strike out
the following clause:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to make arrangements for the removal of
the Kickapoo and other American Indian tribes now
resident in Mexico to reservations within the United
States, §50,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
draw the attention of the Senator from Iowa
to the fact that, at the bottom of the tenth page
of the amendments of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, they propose to strike out this very
paragraph and insert another paragraph in its
Mr. HARLAN. I was about to«call atten-
tion to that fact, and before the question is
taken on striking out, I m®ve to amend the
clause as proposed by the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT^ Preliminary to
the vote being taken on striking out this para-
graph, the Senator from Iowa, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, moves to perfect it.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment by striking out all after the
word " removal," and inserting in lieu thereof
the following:
And subsistence of the Kiekapoos and other Amer-
ican Indian tribes roving on the borders of Mexico
and Texas to reservations within the United States,
$40,000,
ilr. POMEROY. How will it read then?
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed
the clause will read:
For this amount, or so much thereof, as may be
ncccssary for the removal and subsistence of the
Kiekapoos and other American Indian bribes roving
on the borders of Mexico and Texas to reservations
within the United States, $10,000.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose it will be proper
to explain this amendment. It has reference
to bands of Kickapoo Indians and other frag-
mentary bands that have been roving on the
borders of Texas and Mexico for a number of
years, and committing depredations involving
the loss of a vast amount of property aud a
large number of lives of the people. The Sen-
ators from Texas are more familiar with the
facts in the case than perhaps any other mem-
bers of this body are. These Indians are now
in process of removal to the Indian Territory
on a piece of land being a part of what is
known as " the leased district." The military
authorities have been removing them during
the last year, and this is to perfect that removal
with a view to settling them on a reservation
of their own.
Mr. POMEROY. This policy may be en-
tirely right, but I have always thought that if
Indians left the United States they left the
country entirely, and I do not know that we
have any control over them.
Mr. HARLAN. They have not left our
country permanently. To be sure, they mi-
grate back and forth. When the military
authorities pursue them they cross the lines,
of course, as rapidly as they can, to avoid
punishment. A portion of them may be said
to live on either side of the line, but they
commit their depredations in Texas chiefly,
where they find more plunder.
Mr. COLE. I think we have Indians enough
in the United States; at any rate, they cost us
enough, without the appropriation of $40,000
to bring some into the country from another
country. I think the question put by the Sen-
ator from Kansas is pertinent, as to whether
we have the right to go into Mexico or British
America, or any other foreign country, and
bring in Indians here and put them on our
reservations. I hope the absurdity of the thing
will be apparent, without any further discus-
sion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses that the Committee on Appropriations
do not object to the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa if the clause is to remain in the bill,
as that amendment reduces the appropriation
$10,000.
Mr. COLE. I have no -objection to that
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment to the section will be regarded as agreed
to, and the question now recurs on striking
out the paragraph from the bill. The appro-
priation is reduced from $50,000 to $10,000
on the suggestion of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations
recommend the striking out of the paragraph.
Mr. CORBETT. The Senator from Texas,
who is not now in his seat, [Mr. Hamilton.]
who is a member of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, took considerable interest in this mat-
ter. He informed the committee that these
Indians were constantly making inroads upon
the people of Texas from across the border,
destroying their property, committing thefts
and all kinds of outrages there. We thought
it was cheaper for the Government of the Uni-
ted States to take some active measures to
place these people upon a reservation and thus
try to prevent these outrages. Otherwise, we
must keep up a military force to protect the
people upon the borders of Texas. Which is
the cheaper? Shall we make an appropriation
of $40,000 for this purpose, or shall we make
an appropriation to keep up our army on the
border for the protection of the people there?
That is the simple question presented to the
Senate. The Committee on Indian Affairs re-
ported this amendment because they believed
it would be cheaper to do this than to keep
up a standing army.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to insert before
the words "United States" the words "ter-
ritory of the." The Kiekapoos have a res-
ervation in my State. I presume it is not
intended to bring these wild Indians up into
the State of Kansas and mix them in wilh
the Kiekapoos living with us. Our Kiekapoos
are very peaceable and quiet, and many of
them are good citizens of the United States,
and we have no difficulty with them; but we
should feel sorry to have these roving bands
brought up there and settled on that reserva-
tion. This clause would allow the President
or some officer to settle them on the Kickapoo
reservation in my State. I should not like
that, because I think it would demoralize the
Indians who are there. They are good citi-
zens, many of them, and good farmers. I do
not want them disturbed. Therefore I move to
insert the words ''territory of the;" so that
if they are to be brought here at all they may
be brought within the territory of the United
States.
