1871.]
.APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Rank in the Navy—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. of Repa.
relates to their specific branch of the service
unquestionably their superiors. Their early
lives and education fit them by physical and
mental training, in muscle and mind, for the
delicate and arduous duties of their naval life.
Those duties are most important and vital.
Upon the character and efficiency of the engi-
neers the operations and the safety of the ship
largely depend. They control its movements
in calm and, in storm, by day and night, and
meet with calmness and courage the vicissi-
tudes of battle and of breeze, in common with
the brave men who tread the decks or cling to
the spars above them. With scientific and
practical knowledge they deal constantly with
one of the most subtle and terrible forces
known to man. They guard and protect by
their watchfulness and skill the most delicate
and powerful machinery; and while the men
of their profession on land are unfolding the
cunning devices of artisanship their brethren
of the sea are utilizing them for their country
and mankind. Who shall say that he who kills
is greater than he who cures, or that he who
commands is greater than he who invents and
dirccts?
In our larger ships the engineer has under
his immediate direction and command hun-
dreds of men, whose movements he must
direct and for whose conduct he is respons-
ible. They are with him in that important
part of the vessel, the engine-room, whose
vast and complicated machinery must be left
entirely under his immediate control, for no
officer of the line is supposed to remain long
in that department. The engineer officer must
have, as a matter of necessity, a subsidiary
power of command. Along with this comes
a responsibility which the law and regulations
of the Navy attempt to fix with exactness, and
in the progress of our naval life the rank was
conceded to the engineers, as a dignity be-
longing to their position and necessary to the
discharge of their duties.
the eight to rank.
Imperfectly as I have sketched the character
and duties of the staff corps of the Navy, it
seems to me that every disinterested man will
admit that such a body of officials, clothed
with eminent attainments and charged with
high responsibilities, have the right to ask, and
it is their duty to demand, a position of respect-
ability and consideration, of equality and re-
spect, in a military organization in which they
are such important constituents, and such as is
enjoyed by the corresponding members of all
other military oiganizations. Such position
has never been secured, and cannot be attained
by the members of a military organization with-
out bank. No matter what may be the qualifi-
cations of the man, if he enters the Army or the
Navy without rank he is but the enlisted man
of the body, subject to the caprice, whim, and
orders of the mere stripling who enjoys rank
and wears shoulder-straps.
Such a proposition may seem almost absurd
to the unobservant civilian. It is nevertheless
strictly and exactly true; and I may confidently
appeal to the experience of everyone who has
been a member of the volunteer army or navy
for the truth of what I am saying. So uniform
is the rule that I fail to call to mind any excep-
tion in its practical operations, and its truth
may be illustrated by a multitude of examples.
With this fact known and established, what
can be more natural and just than that the sur-
geon, the engineer, or the paymaster, who
come into the naval service educated and ma-
tured, should demand in his new relation that
decree of equality, consideration, and comfort
to which his character, his responsibilities, and
his length of service entitle him? Yet the
line of the Navy, holding hiin strictly to his re-
sponsibility and to the faithful discharge of all
his duties, making him amenable as an officer,
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 4.
declare he shall have no coire sponding rank.
Who among us would sneer at these aspirations
or seek by words of irony to dishonor these
efforts for rank, advancement, and promotion ?
Who can be surprised or disturbed at the fact
that for many years the members of the naval
staff have struggled to obtain it against the
arbitrary and arrogant demands of the line?
objections of the link.
I ask attention no w to the history of this strug-
gle, for its development bears materially upon
the merits of the present controversy. As I
have before said, until within the last twenty-
five or thirty years the surgeon alone repre-
sented the staff corps of the Navy and bore the
burden and brunt of the battle against military
caste and oppression. It is but justice to say
that the student will find in the history of this
controversy that the medical staff have exhib-
ited a dignity of character and an ability for
their task which will ever reflect honor upon
them both as officers and men. Their oppo-
nents were in many instances learned and able
in controversy; but it is a striking fact that
while their metaphysical essays upon the ques-
tion of rank were many and ingenious, their
assumptions, arrogant and overbearing, forci-
bly illustrate the confidence of power and posi-
tion, while the progress of events and the re-
form in military organizations have annihilated
their fine-spun theories and false logic. Their
assumption, taught in the text-books of the
line, asserted in their memorials to Congress,
and found in the utterances of theehampions of
line exclusiveness, that command and rank are
inseparable, is too false and glaring to merit
more than a passing notice. It is disproved
by a thousand circumstances and facts patent
to the most superficial observer. Rank and
command are constantly separated, and exist
independent of each other. Officers in retire-
ment, on leave, in arrest, on courts military,
in the performance of clerical duties, on the
sick list, on waiting orders, and in many other
instances, are without command, yet still retain
their rank. Admiral Portfer is to-day without
command. It Is unneceseary to enlarge upon
this assumed position of the line.
A second position assumed in this contro-
versy by the line as a basis of their opposition
to conferring rank upon the staff, namely, its
tendency to insubordination, has been practi-
cally and completely exploded; yet the line
cling to it as the drowning man catches at a-
straw; and we find the assertion repeated by
them in recent memorials to Congress and in
appeals through the public press, although
they adduce no facts to prove this proposition.
Though they sustain it by no argument, their
repetition of this hackneyed and fanciful as-
sertion always appears in their remonstrances
against the claims of the staff corps. _ But our
surprise at the announcement of this unten-
able postulate is somewhat mitigated when we
recall the fact that these same gentlemen of
the line declared that the abolition of the
grog ration in the Navy would work the utmost
disaster to discipline, and that no subordina-
tion could be maintained on ship-board with-
out flogging. These things have been swept
away by the reformatory power of legislation,
led by a distinguished citizen of my own State,
(Hon. John P. Hale,) and we hear no clamor
for their restoration. The Navy still lives, our
ships still plow the seas, without rum for the
stomach or the lash for the backs of our gal-
lant tars. For six years the staff held the
nominal rank asked for them in this bill, and
the records of your courts martial will show
no increase of the evil of insubordination and
want of discipline.
A final objection urged by-the line to staff
rank has been the assertion that a staff corps
was not a part of the military organization of
the Navy, but merely auxiliary or adjunct.
To say nothing of the fanciful or metaphysical
nature of this objection, it is apparent, from
what I have already said as well as from
many other considerations that might be
urged, that if the staff corps of the Navy are
auxiliary only, their duties are indispensable
to the existence and operations of the Navy,
and hence equal in importance to those of the
line; and as they require for their competent
discharge and accompanying respansibilities
men of the largest capacity, of the highest
integrity, and the most marked professional
skill, it is evident that their members should
be clothed with the same marks of distinction
and respect which are conferred upon corre-
sponding members of the other parts of the
military organization. The line itself cannot
exist in such an organization without the staff.
The construction and equipment of every sliip
that floats are the result of their labor and
skill. They are the custodians of funds dis-
bursed for the support and comfort of the line.
They preserve health, cure disease, and heal
wounds.
They are the governors and guardians of that
motive power without which our proudest ships
are as helpless and harmless as a floating
wredk. You can no more eliminate the sur-
geon, the paymaster, and the engineer from the
service, and have a Navy remaining to you,
than you can command physical efficiency and
courage without health, snpplies without pro-
duction and purchase, or motion without force.
They cannot be struck out of its organization;
they are requisite, not auxiliary; their agen- '
cies are direct and indispensable, not inferen-
tial and incidental. In the division of duties
and vocations into which the modern military
organization is separated there is no distinc-
tion in the importance, vitality, and funda-
mental character of those imposed upon the
line and staff. All are original and essential.
The distinction is reduced to one of sentiment
and education.
In every sense, therefore) except that of
general command, the staff are as much milr-
tary men as their brethren of the line. Their
commissions are the same, they derive their
appointment from the same source, and are
confirmed in the same manner. Theirs are
the same vicissitudes in war and in peace;
they are subject to the same military law;
they are clothed with the responsibilities and
incidents of military life, and their right to be
considered military men admits of no question.
history—the early struggle.
Against these assumptions of the line, en-
forced as they have been by the exercise of
arbitrary power, the medical corps of theNavy
commenced the struggle at an early period in
the history of the Navy, and soon began to
develop sympathy and aid. Their claims to
rank were advocated by the ablest of onr Sec-
retaries, who demanded for them a recogni-
tion which their brethren of the Army enjoyed,
and at an early day they found supporters
among the more considerate and worthy offi-
cers of the line. The corps preferred its claim
for rank soon after the close of the war of 1812.
The country had just passed through a period
of hostilities in which their services had been
felt and appreciated, and with this recognition
of their merits came also the recognition of
the justice of their claim. Nearly one half
of the highest grade in the line of the Navy
then supported their demand. Ibe opinion
of the Secretary of the Navy, Mr. Crowmn-
shield, was decisively in their favor. In May,
1816, nine captains in the line of the Navy,
then the highestgrade in the service, addressed
a communication ro the Secretary of the Navy,
in which they said:
"We consider the medical department of such
great importance to the S j-vy of our country tun t no
reasonable measures ought to be omitted which
