1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1483
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to say-
ing "within the limits of the Indian territory
in the United States."
Mr. POMEROY. Very well; let us have it
in that way, "within the limits of the Indian
territory in the United States."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be regarded as agreed to if there be no
objection; and the question again recurs on
striking out the clause as amended.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Oregon whether there is any rea-
son to believe that these Indians will behave
any better when we get them inside of our
lines than they do on the borders; whether we
shall not have to maintain a military force to
keep them in order after we get them within
our lines; and if the reasons for this policy in
this particular case are good, why we should
not extend it and bring all the Indiana around
the borders of the United States within our
lines, so that we can have them close at hand?
The truth is, under present circumstances, I
think it would be better to board them all at
the Fifth Avenue Hotel, in New York. [Laugh-
ter.] It would be cheaper.
Mr. HARLAN. I, of course, care nothing
about this matter personally; but this work
has been going on for a year under an appro-
priation made last year. If you want to stop
it, do so; but the Committee on Indian Affairs
see no reason why the policy adopted a year
ago should be reversed. A part of these Indians
have been removed, and are now on what is
known as the leased district, formerly con-
trolled by the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians,
in the Indian territory. Part of them are
there; part of them are on their way; and this
amount of money it is supposed will be neces-
sary to complete their settlement and their
subsistence in that Territory for a period.
If Senators desire that these Indians shall
lie again scattered, and make a living as they
have done heretofore by cutting the throats of
the people residing in the State of Texas, and
robbing theui of their property ; if they think
that would be wise policy, then strike out this
clause and let the Indians take care of them-
selves. I supposed the policy, 9f collecting
Indians on reservations and feeding them on
reservations, for the purpose of saving the lives
of our frontier people, had been adopted by
this Government, and that Congress was will-
ing to appropriate enough money to carry out
this humane policy. But if alter having adopted
such a policy a fnsvjority of this Senate desire
to scatter the Indians and let them make their
living in the old way, by cutting throats and
stealing, strike out the amendment and the
residue of the bill, for aught I care.
Mr. STEWART. I do not expect to have
any influence on Indian affairs, inasmuch as I
am opposed to moving Indians at all. I think
this is a source of great expense, and I am
opposed to importing any here. I believe in
letting the Indians remain where they are and
making them subject to the laws of civilization
and letting them own property in severalty,
as soon as may be. I am opposed to moving
these Indians. If it was a proposition for
movin" within theborders of the United btates,
I should be opposed to it; but this is to bring
here Indians from another country.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations, to strike out the paragraph
as amended.
Mr. COLE. On that I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, omy
five Senators sustaining the call.
Mr. COLE. The absurdity of-a thing of
that sort seeais so apparent to me that I wish
to resist it in ev-ivy way I can.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
can be renewed in the Senate. The bill is still
hi Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page *75, to strike out
section two, in the following words:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That section four-
teen of the act entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30,1871. and for other pur-
poses," approved July 15, 1870, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations move to strike out this
section.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope the section
will not be stricken out. It refers especially
to the title to the lands which belong to the
Black Bob Indians in Kansas.
Mr. COLE. We are obliged to state that
we had no information in the Committee on
Appropriations sufficient on which to retain
that section in the bill. The persons who take
particular interest in the matter, I believe, are
not now present. One of the Senators from
Kansas, I am sure, takes some interest in it;
and it is suggested to me by my colleague on
the committee [Mr. Sawyer] that it be allowed
to go into the Senate and that we have a vote
upon it there. I hope the section will be
stricken out now at any rate.
Mr. BOREMAN. What is the law proposed
to be repealed by that section?
Mr. ROSS. I hope the section will be stricken
out, agreeably to the report of the Committee
on ApproDriations.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. If I understand that,
it stays action on the part of the Secretary of
the Interior and prevents men from holding
titles to that land to which they are justly
entitled. I hope the section will not be
stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations, to strike out the second sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. ROSS. The report of the committee
is, as I understand, to strike out section two of
this bill. This section repeals a clause of the
law of last summer, which was for the protec-
tion of the Indians as well as the settlers. It
is a proposition which was adopted here last
summer, and which excited some comment not
only here but over the country. The action of
Congress then was to prevent the consumma-
tion of some frauds and acts of villainy in
regard to this matter which would astonish the
country if it were informed of the facts. _ I
content myself at this time with simply asking
for a division. I trust that the report of the
committee will be agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will say a single
word. As 1 understand that section, if it be
stricken out the result will be to strike out
that which really protects the Indians. As
the law now stands those who have settled
upon the lands in violation of the rights of the
Indians will get a title to which they are not
entitled. They are there in violation of the
law, and the striking out of this section pro-
tects them in that violation, as I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations, to strike this section from
the bill.
The amendment was rejected—ayes seven,
noes not counted.
Mr. ROSS. I will reserve it until it comes
into the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations which was reserved.
The Chief Clerk. The Committee on Ap-
propriations propose to strike out section three
in the following words:
Snc 3 And be it further enxcted, That the act
approved July 15,1870, "making appropriations for
thecurrent and contingent expenses ot the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30 1871, and for other purposes." be amended by add-
ing the following section, which was inadvertently
omitted in tho enrollment of said act. namely: .
"Sec. li. And be it farther enacted. that nothing
in this act contained, or in any of the provisions
thereof, shall bo so construed as to ratify, approve,
or disaffirm any treaty made with any tribes, bands,
or parties of Indians since the 20th of July, 18G7, or
affirm or disaffirm any of the powers of the Executive
and Senate over the subject."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out the fourth
section of the bill in the following words:
Sec. 4. Andbe it farther enacted, That hereafter r.o
contract or agreement of any kind shall be made by
any person, with any individual or tribe of Indians,
for the payment of any money or other thing of
value to him, or any other person, in consideration
of services, or pretended services, for said Indians
relative to their lands, or to any claims against an-
nuities from, or treaties with, the United States;
and all such pretended contracts or agreements
hereafter made are hereby declared null and void,
and all money or other thing of value paid to any
person by any Indian or tribe, or any one else, for or
on his or their behalf on account of such pretended
services, may be recovered by suit in the name of
the United States in any court of the United States,
regardless of the amount in controversy, one h.nlf
of which shall be paid to the person suing for the
same, and the other half shall be paid into tho
Treasury of the United States, for the use of the
Indian or tribe by or for whom it was so paid; and
the person so receiving said money, and his aiders
and abettors, shall, in addition to the forfeiture of
said sum, be subject to prosecution for misdemeanor
in any court of tho United States, and on conviction
shall be fined not less than $1,000, and imprisoned
not less than six months; and it sbali be the duty of
all district attorneys of the United States to prose-
cute such cases when applied to to do so, and their
failure and refusal shail be ground for their removal
from office. And any Indian agent, or other person
in the employment of the United States, who shall
advise, sanction, or in any way aid in the making
of such contracts or agreements, or in making such
payments as are here prohibited, shail, in addition
to the punishment hereby imposed on the person
making said contract, or receiving said money, be,
on conviction, dismissed from the service of the
United States, and bo forever disqualified from hold-
ing any office of profit or trust under the same.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope that provision will not
be stricken from the bill. It is one of the
most important propositions that were ever
made in the American Congress for the pro-
tection of the Indians.. If it is retained and
becomes a part of the law, it will be more for
their protection and to prevent them from
being plundered than any proposition that ever
was made in the American Congress.
Mr. COLE. I think that is an ill-digested
proposition which was put in by the House
of Representatives without full consideration,
probably without any consideration on the part
of the mass of that body, though I do not
speak advisedly on this point; but it goes too
far altogether. It makes it a penal offense for
any person to make any agreement or bargain
whatever with any Indian concerning his lands
or concerning anything thathe m^y be entitled
to by virtue of treaty stipulations.
Now, sir, there are in the United States
some civilized Indians, a good many, scat-
tered through the States, and through the Ter-
ritories as well, who are as competent to take
care of themselves as white men are. These
persons would be precluded from making any
contract or agreement that they might desire
to enter into concerning their property. If
the section could be so modified as to meet
the thing aimed at, perhaps we should see no
objection to it. If it could be so modified as
to prevent the cheating of innocent and un-
sophisticf.ted Indians, we should agree to it in
all probability. But this certainly goes too
far altogether, as Senators will see by inspect-
ing it a little more carefully. I think my
friend from Kentucky will see the objection
that I believe I see to the section, if he ex-
amines it. It would interfere, perhaps, with
Indians in his State, some of the civilized In-
dians that may yet be remaining there, who
are perhaps the subject of treaties with the
United States, who perhaps own land. Many
of the Indians own land in severalty in the
Indian territory, they own land in severalty
in other parts of the country, and are yet the
subjects of treaty stipulations, receiving per-
haps annuities from the United States. These
would be interfered with; all their business
would be at once stopped ; it would be throw-
ing them back, as it were, into a body of peo-
