1484:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
pie by themselves, shutting them off from all
the rest of the world in business transactions.
Mr. DAVIS. The proposition contained in
this section was most fully considered and thor-
oughly examined in the House of Represent-
atives. 11 was first embodied in a separate bill
and was reported in a separate bill to the House.
The friends of the measure were apprehensive
that if it cams here in that form or in any form
outside of the appropriation bill it might fall ;
and it was for the purpose of securing, beyond
all doubt and beyond all hazard, its passage
through the Senate that they incorporated it
in this appropriation bill.
Mr. President, it is the proud boast of our
country and of our Government that the In-
dians are the wards of the United States, that
they are under the special protection and guard-
ianship of the Government of the United 8tates;
and certainly there is no population in the Uni-
ted States who are more in want of such guard-
ianship and protection. There are no Indians,
as a tribe or as individuals, that are competent
to protect themselves against the enterprise
and the fraud and the robbery of the white
man. There never was such a subject of plun-
der in this world's history that I have read of,
not even in the Bast Indies, where the British
East India Company have such sway, as the
Indiansofthe United States. Ifthe whole his-
tory of their wrongs, their frauds, their oppres-
sions, and their plundering by the white men,
and particularly by agents who are constituted
by our Government to take charge of them and
their interests, could be written, it would be
one of the most abhorrent volumes that ever
were written or published.
The proposition which the honorable Sena-
tor's committee moves to strike out is the only
effective remedy that I have ever read of that
has been proposed to prevent these outrageous
frauds. If it is enacted and becomes part of
the law it will be the best shield, the best pro-
tection, and the best security for the rights and
the helplessness of these sons of the forest that
has ever been devised by American legislation
or American humanity. I do hope that the
friends of justice, of humanity, of the character
of our Government in its transactions and rela-
tions with these helpless Indians, and especially
that the friends of these defenseless Indians
themselves, in the Senate, will inflexibly ad-
here to this measure and refuse to strike it out.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I trust that
this provision will not be stricken from the
bill. If Indians are sufficiently civilized, as
suggested by the Senator from California, they
have the power to send one of their number in
*. representative capacity to Washington, in
order to present their claims before the Gov-
ernment. If they are not sufficiently civilized,
it is better that they trust to the Congress of
the United States, to the people, and to the
commissioners that we have appointed to look
to their interests and who visit them annually;
and they can set forth to them their grievances,
and they can present those grievances to Con-
gress and our committees. That evidence is
before us, and our committees act on it and
make such appropriations as in justice these
people are entitled to. This is to protect the
Indians against claim agents, who present and
secure the payment of large claims against the
Government, and make terms with the Indians
to take from them one half or three fourths or
one quarter of the amount of money they may
obtain from the Government. The object of
this section is to protect the Indians and the
Government both against these claim agents.
For that reason I hope it will not be stricken
from the bill.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Oregon
suggests that if the Indians are sufficiently
enlightened to do an act they can send an
agent to Washington to look after their inter-
ests. This section, if he will examine it, he
will see would prevent their making any agree-
ment or bargain, or in any way employing an
agent of that kind. The very fact that it goes
too far is the objectionable feature of it. They
can make no arrangement whatever in regard
to their claims with any person ; as to such
matters they will be left altogether in their
own hands, and they will then be subject to
the plunder of individuals who may be among
them. As the law now stands they can pro-
tect themselves, those more enlightened can,
certainly; and it is the duty of the superin-
tendents and agents throughout the country
to protect the Indians. That is what they are
appointed for; that is what we pay them for.
It is the leading duty of the superintendents
and agents of the Indians scattered through-
out all the country, nearly a hundred in num-
ber I believe, to look to the interests of the
Indians and prevent their being imposed upon
by evil-dispiosed persons who would impose
upon them if they could. They are utterly in
the power of persons who may be disposed to
take advantage of them; and if this section
passes they can make no arrangement with
anybody for their own protection.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not concede that
this section does prevent the Indians from
coming here in a body and presenting their
claims, or prevent a head chief from coming
and presenting a claim of his tribe to Congress
or the Interior Department. His tribe can
pay his expenses for coming in a representa-
tive capacity for them. He comes here as one
of their number and presents a claim as an
interested party and a party entitled to it.
The section does not apply to Indians. For
that reason I think this provision ought not
to be stricken out.
Mr. COLE. Let me call the attention of
the Senate 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to Senators that unless they waive the
rule Senators who have spoken twice on any
subject will not be recognized again on that
amendment unless by unanimous consent.
The Senator from California has charge of the
bill, and the Chair recognizes him.
Mr. COLE. Only one word. The language
is this: "that hereafter no contract or agree-
ment of any kind shall be made by any person
with any individual or tribe of Indians." An
Indian is a "person;" he cannot make any
arrangement with another Indian or with his
tribe or any other tribe. That is the point
Mr. POMEROY. While there are some good
Indians and some good white men, I should
hate to see as good a lawyer as my friend from
Kentucky debarred from interesting himself,
in behalf of an Indian or in behalf of a tribe
where they had just rights. I should love
to see such a man as my friend from Ken-
tucky take up for him, defend him as an attor-
ney, and be paid for it reasonably. The diffi-
culty with this section is that it prevents good
men and honest men from doing what ought
to be done. The Senator from Oregon says
that the Indians may come here in a body.
That is no way; you cannot prosecute your
cause by sending men in a body or at great
expense.
Mr. CORBETT. Or singly either.
Mr. POMEROY. Or singly either. This
ought to be so that good men can be protected
in defending the rights of Indians; and if you
prevent good men from doing so because there
are some bad men that do it you commence
upon a species of legislation that injures the
Indian, not benefits him. If there was any
way to destroy all these contracts that are
vicious and bad I should like to have that
done; but I would not like to see an Indian or
a tribe of Indians debarred from employing
such able and worthy counsel as ought to be
employed in defending their case or in prose-
cuting their claims ; and if this section goes
on to the statute-book they could not employ
so good a man as my friend from Oregon.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask leave of the Senate to
say a short word on this subject again. The
difficulty that has been suggested by the hon-
orable Senator from Kansas does not exist.
Any lawyer may undertake a suit for the In-
dians, and upon submitting his charge to the
court the court will allow him a proper and
reasonable compensation ; and that is the only
form in which any fee against Indians ought
ever to be settled or allowed to be paid.
Mr. President, I have seen some contracts
that some of these Indian agents have made
with Indians, their whole duty being to receive
the money from the Government, and the rates
of compensation varied from thirty-three to
fifty per cent. I am credibly informed of this
transaction: the friendly Cherokees received
an allowance of some two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars from an Indian annuity or
an Indian debt that was due by treaty to the
body of the Cherokee nation, and by an act
of Congress an apportionment of this fund
was directed to be made by the Interior De-
partment between the hostile and the friendly
Cherokees, and there were $250,000 appor-
tioned to the friendly Cherokees. There is a
man in this city now who obtruded himself
upon them as their agent. He boasts, as I
learn, that he has $50,000 and more of that
fund in his possession as his compensation.
Nay, more, sir, I am informed by creditable
authority that he retained fifty per cent, of
the fund for his compensation, and after
having retained that amount he charged, in
addition, twenty-five per cent, more, making
it seventy-five per cent.
Now, sir, if the Congress of the United
States will not protect the Indians against
such wholesale, scandalous, and merciless
plundering as this the Congress ought to sur-
render its duty and its trust to some more
competent and faithful hands.
Mr. SAWYER. It seems to me that the
evil which the Senator from Kentucky has so
feelingly spoken of ou^ht to be cured; but I
submit that this proposition is one which goes
so far that it is utterly impossible under it for
the Indians to be represented by anybody and
to have their just claims put before the Govern-
ment. It goes so far in doing a good thing
that it does a very bad one. The section reads:
That hereafter no contract or agreement of any
kind shall be made by any person with any individ-
ual or tribe of Indians for the paymentof any money
or other thing of value to him, or any other person,
in consideration of servioes, or pretended services,
for said Indians relative to their lands, or to any
claims against annuities from or treaties with the
United States.
Now, as a matter of practice, it is utterly
out of the question for these. Indians to come
to Washington to make their claims. Ir, is
utterly impracticable for them to represent
themselves. They need, above all persons,
attorneys; they need advocates, where they
have just rights, to represent those rights to
the Government and to obtain them from the
Government. This section will prevent the
employment of even my venerable friend on
my left to lay their rights and their claims
before the Government.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to make a suggestion ? I am ven-
erable, but not much more so than my honor-
able friend from South Carolina, [laughter,]
and not half so much to be venerated. But
I suggest to my honorable friend that he pro-
pose, as an amendment to this proposition, if
it is too harsh, that the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, or the courts in which the Indians may
institute any suit, may have the regulation and
adjustment of ail demands against them by
their agents and attorneys for compensation.
Mr.«SAWYER. I should have no special
objection to such a provision as that. That
would guard it and enable the thing to be super-
vised by proper authority; but if you begin
with the sort of policy which is in this section
you have to go to the root and branch of the
Indian service. If the argument be that one
half of the money that may be paid to the
Indians goes to agents who secureits payment,
you may say the same thing about many other
things. I believe myself that the voting of
