1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1485
these large appropriations to the Indians is
itself a temptation to fraud ; and I believe that
if we did not vote so much money to the
Indians we should not have half so much
war, nor should we have half as much fraud in
the management of our Indian affairs.
I attribute no blame to the Department in
Washington ; but I say that at the remote ex-
tremities of this country where these Indians
are situated it is almost impossible for the
Government to know what becomes of the
money which is voted in this way, and I do
not know that that is any particular reason for
legislating against this or that agent who en-
gages in the duty of an attorney for Indians,
rather than against anybody else.
Mr. DAVIS. We legislate to protect the
Indians.
Mr. SAWYER. But this section has some
things good in it and has some things bad in
it, and there are somethings in it which ought
not to be in the law. I hope, therefore, it
will be stricken out; and besides, it is legis-
lation on an appropriation bill.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote against striking
out this section of the bill. A bad practice
has grown up in this country of taking contin-
gent fees in law cases. In some portions of
the country this is regarded as dishonorable,
and is not practiced in the profession. In
other portions of the country it is allowed. It
is a thing that ought to pass away. It has
been carried especially into claims against the
Government, and we have seen and felt the
effects of it during the last few years. Not
content with cheating 'white men, the effort
has been made to plunder the Indians, and
we have persons calling themselves lawyers,
some ofthem generals, who have hunted around
among the'Indian tribes and made contracts
with them to come here and take care of their
interests, when they were not worth the powder
it would take to shoot them; men who were
of no benefit to the Indian or to the white
man, mere thieves and plunderers, who, pro-
fessing to have an influence here in Congress,
have got these poor people to agree to pay them
large sums of money, and when we have voted
appropriations supposing that we were doing
it for the benefit of the Indian •tribes, to take
care of them and save them money, a large
portion of it has gone into the hands of cor-
rupt and dishonest men.
The proof of this is before the country. It
is time to put an end to such things ; it is time
to put a stop in every respect to the practices
of men who are to have contingent fees in case
certain acts pass Congress. It is corrupting to
Congress, it is dishonorable to the country, it
is a disgrace to human nature; and I would not
vote an appropriation of a dollar for anything
if I knew that any portion of it was to be paid
in contingent fees to any agents or any lawyers,
no matter what they choose to call themselves.
I hope this provision that has passed the House
of Representatives will remain in this bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to ask the Senator
from Massachusetts one question. I ask him
if he is aware that this provision would pre-
vent these Indians from employing agood coun-
selor in Washington to defend them against
the claims of the very agent who wants to
steal their money ?
Mr. WILSON. We will pass this section
as it came from the House of Representatives
if we can; at any rate I intend so to vote ; and
then, if these poor Indians find that they have
any trouble about the matter, we can by sub-
sequent legislation take care of them. Let us
first wring the necks of the men who are cheat-
ing and plundering them.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the
section before it is stricken out by striking
Gut of the section all after the semicolon in
the seventh line, and inserting what I send to
the Chair.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to amend the text
of that part of the section.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well: I will hear j
that amendment first. My point is simply this,
that all contracts for payment shall not be valid
until approved by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs and the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. HARLAN. That is part of the amend-
ment I propose to offer. I wish to say, since
this section has elicited some discussion, that
I accord with the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts and the honorable Senator from
Kentucky in opinion that very great abuses
have grown up, in violation of the law of the
land. They are not in pursuance of any law,
but are in violation of if. I have taken the
trouble to look up some of the existing statutes
on this subject. One ofthem, which I find in
volume nine, Statutes-at-Large, pages 203 and
204, enacted in 1847, reads as follows:
. "And all executory contracts made and entered
into by any Indian for the payment of money or
goods shall be deemed and held to be nail and void,
and of no binding effect whatsoever."
This was reeuacted in 1852, in the following
words:
" Nor shall the executive branch of the Govern-
ment, now or hereafter, recognize any contract be-
tween any Indian, or tribe, or part of a tribe, and
any attorney or agent, for the prosecution of any
claim against the Government, under this act."
_ The " act " there was an Indian appropria-
tion bill. This was repeated in a little differ-
ent phraseology in 1852, in the act approved
August30,1852, and then again in March, 1853,
showing that the attention of Congress has
been called to this subject from time to time,
and they have attempted by legislation to pre-
vent the very evils complained of; but I am
of opinion that the failure grew out of an
attempt to make the provision too sweeping.
Indians need counsel sometimes as much as
white men. I have observed that white men
employ lawyers occasionally to attend to
their business. I have noticed in looking over
the appropriations, and the reports of the dis-
bursement of appropriations, that occasion-
ally the Government pays a lawyer four or five
thousand dollars to go into the Supreme Court
of the United States to defend it, to assist
the Attorney General. In looking over some
of these items, I notice that a few years since
a fee of $25,000 was paid to a lawyer to go to
California and defend the United States, not-
withstanding that the United States had at the
time, it is presumed, an attorney there to look
after its interests. I have noticed that wealthy
men in this country, business men, very fre
quently are compelled to employ lawyers to
look after their business, and probably have
to pay them some fees for their services.
Now, what is true of white men and true of
the United States is probably true of Indians.
They occasionally need legal advice, and
although I know the profession are very lib-
eral and generous, yet, I am not quite sure that
they always could find an able attorney, whom
they would be willing to trust, who would
donate the amount of service that they might
need for the protection of their rights and
interests. So I think it would be better to
modify this section so as to enable Indians,
when they shall need such services, to contract
for the assistance that may be necessary to put
it under some suitable supervision.
The honorable Senator from Kansas has sug-
gested an amendment, the spirit of which I am
prepared to adopt, and with some such amend-
ment I shall vote against striking out this sec-
tion, for very great abuses have grown up in
the administration of the Indian service which
ought to be, if they can be, corrected, and I
think they can be. I had prepared the follow-
ing amendments: in line three to strike out
the words "individuals or," and insert after
the word "Indians" the words " or individ-
ual Indians not citizens of ttie United States."
Then in line seven, after the words "United
States," insert "unless first approved by the
Secretary of the Interior." After the word
"made," in line eight, insert " in violation of
this act." In line twelve, after the word "ser-
vices," insert "in excess of the amount ap-
proved by said Secretary." Then on the next
page, in line twenty-seven, after the word
"shall," insert " in violation of the provisions
of this act." If these several amendments
were adopted the section would enable In-
dians to hire attorneys with the approval of
the Secretary of the Interior, and would pro-
vide that it should be a crime for an attorney
to take more money for his services than might
be approved by the Secretary.
POMEROY. I think the amendment
which I proposed would accomplish that object.
The Senator from Iowa and myself desire the
same thing. I do not know whether his amend-
ment accomplishes it any better than mine.
Let mine be first read, and then I will with-
draw it if he does not like it. Let the Clerk
read it as I have suggested it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the proposed amendment of the
Senator from Kansas.
The. Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out all after the words "United States," in
the seventh line, and to insert " unless such
contract or agreement shall first be in writing
and shall be approved by the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs and the Secretary of the
Interior;" so that the section, if thus amended,
will read:
That hereafter no contract or agreement of any
kind shall be made by any person with any individ-
ual or tribe of Indians, for the payment of any
money or other thing of value to him or any other
person, in consideration of services, or pretended
Services, for said Indians relative to their lands, or
to any claims against annuities from, or treaties with,
the United States, unless such contract or agreement
shall first be in writing and shall be approved by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs and the Secretary
of the Interior.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that
amendment., and I think it is well drawn ; and
after that shall be adopted, if it should be, I
will offer the additional amendments I have
prepared.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This strikes out
some portion of the section that the Senator
from Iowa wishes to amend.
Mr. HARLAN. Will not the Senator mod-
ify his amendment so as to insert and not strike
out? I think the latter part of the section is
as important as the first.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I will withdraw
mine entirely.
Mr. HARLAN. No ; I prefer that the Sen-
ator should move to insert the words he has
moved to insert, for I like his phraseology
better than my own.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I moye to insert
the words, without moving to strike out the
rest of the section, for the time being.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas will be regarded as agreed to, and the
words proposed by him will be incorporated
into the section preliminary to the vote on
striking out. The Chair hears no objection,
and it is so ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. _ Now I move to amend the
third line by striking out "individuals or,"
and inserting after "Indians" the words "or
individual Indians not citizens of the United
States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. Then in line eight, after
the word "made," I move to insert the words
" in violation of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line twelve I move to
insert "in excess of the amount approved by
said officers for said service."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line twenty-seven, after
the word "shall," I move to insert, the words
"in violation of the provisions of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The section will
now be reported as amended: and the ques-
tion will recur on striking it out as amended,
if the Committee on Appropriations insist on
their proposition.
