1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
evidence of such relation, and the amount recovered
by every wife shall be her sole and separate prop-
erty. And no law shall be passed by the Legislative
Assembly authorized by this act which shall defeat
or impair the right of action herein authorized.
But this amendment was out off by the pre-
vious question. Sir. I v/ill 011 every proper
occasion demand that some such provision as
this shall be ingrafted on the laws of this Dis-
trict. Will any gentleman here say this pro-
vision is either unnecessary or unjust? I will
not speak unkindly of this District. In many
respects its cities maybe superior in morals to
some others. But the evils of intemperance
are daily manifest and appaling. And shall no
voice be raised to stay the evil by law? I have
not even proposed to interfere with the liquor
traffic. But when husbands are destroyed by
intoxicating drinks shall wives have no rem-
edy by law for the wrongs and injuries done
them? Shall little children, robbed of the
means of support and turned over to beggary
by the ruin of a father, have no redress, no
light of action against the destroyer for his
wrongs upon them ?
Sir, it has grown to be an axiom in every
good Government that for every wrong there
should be a remedy. Let us now, in this Con-
gress, give a remedy for one of the greatest
wrongs that afflicts this community. Sir, I
appealed to gentlemen to permit me to offer
this amendment. The privilege was denied. It
has been said the legislative body created by
this bill may provide such a remedy. But they
may not. A city whose male population have
never asked for any legislation 0:1 this subject
will not be likely to ask-it of a legislative body
some of whose members may be interested in
preventing it. The virtuous and the good may
ask it. And here in this District, more than
anywhere else in the United States, if this bill
is to become a law, is there a propriety in
placing power in the hands of those who will
demand legislation of this character ana other
needed legislation to stay the tide of evil on this
and other subjects affecting domestic peace,
virtue, purity, and happiness, and where the
power can only be exercised on purely local
questions affecting personal interests. Upon
ttiis ground a justification may be found for
some of the votes given 011 proposed amend-
ments to this bill. Sir, in the city of London
these enlarged privileges have been conceded
to hitherto disfranchised classes, so that upon
purely local and municipal questions affecting
schools and morals the purest arid be3t element
of scciety should exert an influence to save
that city from moral shipwreck.
But I will not pursue this subject further. It
is too late now to remedy what is past. No
man can tell how much money this bill is an-
nually to cost the national Treasury. I wash
my hands of all responsibility for it. 1 have
given, in brief, some of the reasons for my
opposition to this bill, for tbe votes I have
given on it, and in behalf of amendments I
desired to offer. With these, I am content to
abide the verdict which the future may pro-
nounce on this subject.
GOVERNMENT MIXING, ETC.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, the New
YorkSun of the 14th instant contains an edito-
rial which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The United Stale« Government as a Gold Miner —
The alarming tendency to centralization of power in
the hands of the national Government hasjustfound
novel expression in a remarkable plan presented to
the House of Representatives for the establishment
of a national bureau for mining theprecious metals.
This scheme for monopoly and public plunder is in
the shape of a bill introduced by Mr. Johxsox, oi
California, on tbe 4th of January; and it most cer-
tainly merits an overwhelming defeat. _ ^
"Itis proposed to organize a bureau of mining,
as it is called, under the Treasury Department. Its
objects are to be the subsidizing of mines of the
precious metals, in amounts not exceeding $250,000
to any one mine, to the extent of $25,000,000 a year;
the "direction of the management and -working of
such mines by the Government; and the sharing a
portion of their net proceeds during the period of
such subsidy and Government direction. In short,
the United States Government, if this bill should
pas3, will go into the mining business on shares.
"The proposed bureau is to be under the control
of an officer, who is to receive a salary of $10,000 a
year, and be known ad the chief of the mining
bureau. Subordinate to him will be five chiefs of
division, at salaries of §7,500 each, with deputies at
85,000, clerks at $2,000, and messengers at $1,000 each.
These officers constitute the executive corps, and
will be stationed at Washington. The field corps
will consist of attorneys, inspectors, and supervisors
in the several mining States, at salaries of S5.000
each, assisted by associates, who arc to receive half
tbat sum per annum.
" We believe that such a scheme as this is directly
opposed to the true mining interests of the country,
and must be so regarded by those who have those
interests reallj* at heart. "We cannot perceive why
the Federal Government should go into the mining:
business, or lend i ts capital to those already engaged
in it, any more than it should go into turnip-rais-
ing, or make loans of money to parties occupied in
that valuable and productive pursuit. It has enough
mere business to care for, as it is, in the Post Office;
and many statesmen have doubted and still doubt
the wisdom of the policy which places the letter-
carrying traffic in the4iands of (Governments. In
England the management of the telegraph has lately
been joined with that of the post office; but the
results are such as to discourage those in this coun-
try who advocate the establishment of a national
postal telegraph system.
" One of the most curious features of this bill is that
referring to the so-called division of law. This is
to do the legal work of the bureau of mining. Tbe
chief is to examine and report upon the titles to
mines submitted to him, to give his opinion upon all
questions of law affecting the bureau, and to direct
all its proceedings in law and equity. His subordin-
ates, who are denominated attorneys of the mining
bureau, nre to represent him in the examination of
titles and the preparation and trial of causes. The
language of the section indicates that there are to
be both Federal and State attorneys of the bureau.
Should this bill pass it will afford fine opportunities
for office to lawyers who have made a specialty of
mining law. In cases where the present Federal
attorneys are appointed it will secure them the ad-
dition of S5.000 a year to their salaries. This will be
pleasant to them; but will it be pleasant to the pub-
lic? If the bill passes, these new salaries will all
come out of the pockets of the people. Are they
willing to pay the pritfe for the sake of increasing
then umber ot office-holders and enriching those per-
sons who are fortunate enough to be mine-owners?
" It is much easier to build up a monopoly than to
destroy one. The present requests for Government
aid from all sources are in the nature of supplica-
tions rather than otherwise. G-rantthem; establish
subsidy after subsidy ; give moneyed aid to all who
ask it; and soon enough these supplications will be
changed into demands as of right, and '"Will you?'
will be changed into * You must!"'
Mr. JOHNSON". Mr. Speaker, the edito-
rial which has just been read is entirely just
in every statement, and precisely embodies my
views upon the bill referred to. 1 indorse every
word of that article. I desire to say that in
introducing the bill alluded to I did not do so
with the intention of urging or advocating its
passage. It is an old bill, one that has been
before Congress, in some shape or other, ever
since I have been a member. It was sent to
me in printed form by a friend, then in New
York, with the request that I should intro-
duce it; and to oblige him I did so. I am as
much opposed to everything tending toward
centralizing power in the General Government
as is the editor of the New York San. or any-
other individual. During all my political life
I have zealously resisted every measure look-
ing to a centralization of power in the Gen-
eral Government; and I shall continue to resist
every efibrt in that direction.
As pertinent to this question of the central-
ization of power, I desire to say one word in
reference to another matter. V.'hen the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill was before the House the other day, the
particular subject under discussion beiagthe
provision relating to the Bureau of Education,
I am reported in the Globe as having said :
"I believe that there is authority within the con-
stitutional powers of this Government to establish
a general educational system/'
That expression is at variance with the re-
marks I had previously made, and is incor-
rectly reported by leaving out simply a word.
My statement was that 1 believed there was
authority in this Government to aid in the es-
tablishment of a general educational system.
The word "aid" being left out changes the
entire sense intended to be conveyed by my
remarks. As corrected they should read as
follows:
"Mr. Johnson. Now, Mr. Chairman, while I
sought the floor to say this much, and had intended
to say more in the same strain, I will content myself
with simply saying further that I regret that I differ
from my colleague [Mr. Axtell] as to the constitu-
tional power of this Government to establish a par-
tial board of education. I believe tbat there is
authority within the constitutional powers of this
Government to oid in the establishment of a gen-
eral educational system. But no gentleman who
will read the bill that created the present, or rather
the defunct bureaus of education will say for one
moment that it was a. general system, or by any
possibility can be construed as a general system of
education, calculated to diffuse its blessings all over
the country/'
I do not believe that this Government lias
authority to talce charge of education in the
States; but I do believe, a3 everybody has
believed, and as has never been denied, that
this Government has not only the authority to
aid the States in educating their people, but it
is the duty of the Government to do so ; and
at the time I made those remai-ks I had in my
mind the various acts passed granting lands to
the several States to aid them in establishing
a school system for the benefit of all, that is,
the granting of the thirty-sixth and sixteenth
sections as well as the grants made to the
States for agricultural colleges.
WOMEN SUFFRAGE IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, if no other
gentleman desires to address the House I will
briefly remark that I was glad on yesterday to
have the opportunity to cast my vote in favor
of the proposition admitting the women of
this District to the right of suffrage. I believe
the^time is rapidly coming when all men will
conclude-that it is no longer wise or judicious
to exclude one half of the intelligence, and
more than one half of the virtue of the people
from the ballot-box. It is a matter of con-
gratulation that one third of the members who
were present yesterday and voting recorded
their votes for that proposition. It was a
glorious commencement. I will not take up
the time of .the House with any elaborate dis-
cussion of that proposition, but will content
myself with the remark that I was very glad
of the opportunity to cast my vote for it. I
trust the work thus commenced will go on
until fully successful.
I would like to say further that I do not
agree with those gentlemen who allege that the
ladies who advocate this movement are uni-
versally, or even to any considerable extent,
desirous to unsettle the family relations, or
who would change the present form of the
union of the sexes. I believe they embrace
among their number, and largely embrace, the
best and purest women of the land, who will
have an influence growing year by year in this
direction.
GOVERNMENT FOR TUE DISTRICT.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker; on yesterday
there passed through the House a Senate bill,
with some amendments, providing for a gov-
ernment for the District of Columbia. A ter-
ritorial form was adopted, which, in the main,
is unobjectionable, and in ray judgment much
better than the present system. But there are
a few features in the bill which I deem vicious
and dangerous, and may prove a source of a
great waste of the public funds. The thirty-
lifth and thirty-sixth sections contain the objec-
tionable features. They are as follows:
Sec. 35. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be a valuation taken in the District ofColumbia-of
all property, personal and real, including all prop-
erty belonging to the United States, except the pub-
lic buildings, and ail personal property belonging to
the United States in separate and distinct schedules
at least once in two years, and return thereof shall
be made by the Governor to the President of the ber-
ate and. Speaker of the House of Representatives on
thefirst day of the session of Congress he'd alter such
valuation shall betaken. And if valuations ot
District shall be takenoltenertjiauonceintvvoyeai^,
return thereof shall be made to Congress as rttore^aid : -
Provided, That all valuations of property belonging
to the United.States shall be made by such persons
as the Secretary of the Interior shall appoint, aim
