1486
The congressional globe.
February 22,
The Chief Clerk read the section proposed
to be stricken out, as amended, as follows :
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That hereafter
no contract or agreement of any bind shall be made
by any person with any tribe of Indians, or indi-
vidual Indian, not a eitizen of the United States, for
the payment of money or other thing of value to
him, or any other person, in consideration of ser-
vices, or pretended services, for said Indians relative
to their lands, or to any claims against annuities
from, or treaties with, the United States, unless such
contract or agreement shall be first made in writing,
and approved by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
and the Secretary of the Interior; and ali such con-
tracts or agreements hereafter made,in violation of
the provisions of this act, are hereby declared null
and void, and all money or other thing of value paid
to any person by any Indian or tribe, or any one
else, for or on his or their behalf on account of such
pretended services in excess of th e amount approved
by the said officers for such services mny be recov-
ered by suit in the name of the United States in any
court of the United States, regardless of the amount
in controversy, one half of which shall be paid to
the person suing for the same, and the other half
shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States,
for the use of the Indian or tribe by or for whom it
was so paid; and the person so receiving said money,
and his aiders and abettors, shall, in addition to the
forfeiture of said sum, be subject to prosecution for
misdemeanor in any court of the United States, and
on conviction shall be fined not less than $1,000, and
imprisoned not less than six months; and it shall be
the duty of all district attorneys of theUrfited States to
prosecute such cases when applied to do so; and their
failure and refusal shall be ground for their removal
from office. And any Indian agent, or other person in
the employment of the United States, who shall, in
violation of the provisions of this act. advise, sanc-
tion, or in any way aid in the making of such con-
tracts or agreements, or in making such payments
as are here prohibited, shall, in addition to the pun-
ishment hereby imposed on the person making said
contract, or receiving said money, be, on conviction,
dismissed from the service of the United States, and
bo forever disqualified from holding any office of
profit or trust under the same.
Mr. HARLAN. In line twelve the word
"pretended'' I think ought to be stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The word "pre-
tended" occurs in the fifth line.
Mr. HARLAN. That has been stricken out,
I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The word will
be stricken out. The question now recurs on
striking out the section as amended.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me that in this
matter the zeal of certain Senators runs away
with their discretion. As I stated when I was
up the last time, this will prevent any Indian
from making any arrangement with any other
Indian touching the funds that he receives in
pursuance of any treaty. All through this bill
we are paying money to the Indians for pur-
poses specified in the various treaties with the
Indians, and in pursuance of the practice of
the Government to tribes where there have
been no treaties. I turn casually to page 43
of the bill, and I find in the top line this pro-
vision: "for educational purposes, $5,000."
Now, if this section is retained, it will be
utterly impossible for the Pottawatomie In-
dians who are to receive that sum of money
to make a contract with a teacher for the pur-
pose of disseminating information among them;
it will preclude them from making a contract
for the purchase of school-books; it will pre-
clude them from carrying out the objects for
which these appropriations are made, in ioto.
Further, the absurdity of it appears to me in
this point of view: these agreements must be
in writing and be approved by the Secretary of
the Interior. Now, sir, these moneys are paid
to tribes of Indians away off in distant portions
of the land, in New Mexico, in Arizona, in
Washington Territory ; and when the money is
paid there, the Indians cannot use it at all
except in violation of the law. You pay it to
the Indians. You have provided in the law
that the money shall be paid in the presence of
Army officers, so that there shall be no cheat-
ing. The money must go into the hands of the
Indians; and when they have received it, they
cannot use it under this section, or if they
are required to anticipate it a little, they will
be put in difficulty. It will be virtually over-
throwing the objects of all the treaties and all
the appropriations in this bill. Then these
Indians cannot read. How will they know
what kind of contract is wade with them?
They cannot sign their names. They do not
write their names to the treaties ; they sign by
making a cross. These contracts need not be
made in the presence of anybody. They may
be made by an individual for the tribe. There
is every possible opportunity for cheating, if
this section is retained, in the way of carrying
out the contracts.
Further, it makes it a penal offense for any
person to make an agreement "relating to
annuities." What are annuities? They are
the moneys that we pay to the Indians from
year to year for this, that, and the other pur-
pose, specified in the treaties and in the
appropriation bills; and yet if any of this
money is contracted for, if they wish to use
it in any way, in case this section should
be retained, they .will be precluded from doing
so, or else, if they do use it, they violate a
law and subject anybody who makes an agree-
ment with them to a severe penalty, and any-
body who knows of their making a contract
in relation to these funds can complain and
prosecute, and get half the money. It opens
rather than closes the door for cheating.
I submit these considerations to the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs. He
will see how it will embarrass that service
throughout the whole country. He may take
the ground that one Indian will cheat another;
but will you preclude one Indian from trading
horses with another, or trading his farm or
other property? It would prevent a civilized
Indian, an Indian who may not be a citizen of
the United States at the same time, from
doing that, because all who are not actually
citizens of the United States come under the
obnoxious provisions of this section. I hope
it will not be agreed to.
Further, it is legislation, and it has no proper
place on the appropriation bill. It should
come up by itself and be determined as a sep-
arate proposition. We are now making in this
bill appropriations for the next fiscal year.
This is a piece of legislation that will interfere
materially with the Indian service throughout
the country. It will defeat the objects that
have been had in all the Indian treaties we
have made.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think the section
is subject to the serious objections mentioned
by the honorable Senator from California. It
is intended to cut off, and I think will cut off,
the reception of immense fees for counsel and
advice ; but I do not think it will prevent the
contracts named by him, of one Indian with
another in swapping horses or in exchanging
farms. The very case that he names, the case
of the Pottawatomie Indians, I think was not
mentioned by the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky ; but we have information which may
not be legal in a court of justice, but which is
perhaps reliable, to the effect that about sixty
thousand dollars of the money due and paid
to the Pottawatomie Indians last year was
turned over to attorneys or pretended attor-
neys. There was a distribution of their funds
made to Indians who became citizens of the
United States, amounting in the aggregate to
about six hundred thousand dollars ; and I
have been told by those on whom I think I
may rely, that the pretended attorneys for
those Indians, when this distribution was made
by the agent, claimed ten per cent, on the
whole, and pocketed $00,000 of the amount.
Mr. PRATT. I beg leave to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
whether this section as it stands now does not
prohibit absolutely all contracts made by civil-
ized Indians, such Indians as live in the States
of New York, Ohio, Michigan, and Indiana,
whether it does not prohibit them from making
contracts of any ljind whatever?
Mr. HARLAN. No ; not with the amend-
ment now inserted in the section by the Senate.
Mr. COLE. 1 think it does.
Mr. HARLAN. It would prevent such con-
tracts being made by them uuless approved by
the Secretary of the Interior in any matter re-
lating to the land or annuities that they hold
under or derive from the United States. The
phraseology is this: for any service " for said
Indians relative to their lands or to any claim
against annuities from or treaties with the
United States."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr._ Ax-
thoxy in the chair.) The question is on
striking out the section as amended.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have the sec-
tion, as amended, reported from the desk.
The ChiefClerk read the section asamended,
as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That hereafter
no contract or agreement of any kind shall be made
by any person, with any tribe of Indians, or indi-
vidual Indian not a eitizen of the United States, for
the payment of any money or other thing of value
to him, or any other person, in consideration of ser-
vices for said Indians relative to their lands, or to
any claims against annuities from or treaties with
theUnited States, unless such contract ox agreement
be in writing and approved by the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs and the Secretary of the Interior ;
and all such contracts or agreements hereafter made
in violation of the provisions of this section arc
hereby declared null and void, and all money or
other thing of value paid to any person by any In-
dian or tribe, or any one else, for or on his or their
behalf on account of such services in excess of the
amount approved by said Commissioner and Secre-
tary for sueh services, may be recovered by suit in
the name of the United States, in any court of the
United States, regardless of the amount in con-
troversy, one half of which shall be paid to the per-
son suing for the same, and the other half shall be
paid into the Treasury of the United States, for the
use of the Indian or tribe by or for whom it was eo
paid; and the person so receiving said money, and
bis aiders and abettors, shall, in addition to the for-
feiture of said sum, be subject to prosecution for
misdemeanor in any court of the United States, and
on conviction shall be fined not less than $1,000.
and imprisoned not less than six months; arid
it shall be the duty of all district attorneys of the
United States to prosecute sueh cases when applied
to to do so; and their failure and refusal shall be
ground for their removal from office. And any In-
dian agent, or other person in the employment of
the United States, who shall, in violation of the
provisions of this section, advise, sanction, or in any-
way aid in the making of such contracts or agree-
ments, or in making such payments as are here pro-
hibited, shall, in addition to the punishment hero-
by imposed on the person making said contract, or
receiving said money, be, on conviction, dismissed
from the service of the United States, and be for-
ever disqualified from holding any olhee of profit or
trust under the same.
Mr. CASSERLY. As the section stands
amended I do.not think there is any substan-
tial objection to it. No one would, I think,
be willing to say that the Indians, the wards
of the country, are not entitled to be protected
against the system of robbery which, under
one form oranother, has disgraced the country
and despoiled them for so many years. When
I heard my colleague [Mr. Cole] describe this
section jast now as one which practically de-
prived the Indians of the power to deal with
anj'body, even for the purposes of education,
or for any other purpose, it seemed to me that
if his statement was correct the section was
too broad. But upon examination I find that
his criticism of the section was not well founded.
By its express language the section is limited
to such agreements or services as are made or
rendered relative to the lands of the Indians
or to any claims against annuities from or
treaties with the United States. 1 suggest to
the Senator from Iowa, instead of the word
"against," to insert the words "growing out
of or in reference to."
Mr. HARLAN. I think that would be an
improvement.
Mr. CASSERLY. Now, sir, it is very
obvious that here is an important limitation
upon the section, which is also a proper limit-
ation. Why is the section so limited, a very
proper section? Because it is precisely in
relation to those three classes of subjects that
the most of these robberies have been perpe-
trated upon the Indians under the plea of
services rendered by the persons .who have
had themselves employed by these children
of the plains and the forest. Yet they are
precisely the classes of cases as to which the
guardianship of the United States and its duty
to protect them are most obvious and impera-
tive, Why have we an Indian Commissioner ;
