1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
S3-
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Batik in the Navy—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. of Reps..
tive," "assimilated," and "relative" rank.
Tlie difficulty is one of words and construction
only, and it has arisen entirely from the novel,
forced, and unjust construction placed upon
them by officers of the line. Without this there
would have been no difference or cavil. It
must be remembered that the line officers have
the unrestricted opportunity to dictate a con-
struction and an unlimited power to enforce it
and punish its violation. In all this they are
supreme. They declare on the quarter-deck
what the law means. They issue orders based
on their construction of it. They detail and
organize the courts-martial that are to settle it.
They hold a revisory power over their judg-
ments, and they approve or reject, they punish
or pardon, according to their own will. It is
to the line an unlimited power, and it would be
contrary to the experience of mankind to find
such power exercised without partiality and
prejudice. The history of the Navy illustrates
most forcibly the truth of this. The case of'Dr.
Green, who was .court-martialed and found
guilty of disobedience of orders in refusing to
erase the name of John Simmons, a seaman
ou board the steamer Nipsic, when his head
had been cut open by a cutlass in the hands of
an officer, from the sick list, at the order of
Commander Selfridge, was a case of construc-
tion and discipline. Here the judgment, oath,
conscience, and prescribed duties of the sur-
geon were subordinated and sacrificed to the
will of the commanding officer of the line;
and, strange as it may seem, this high-handed
outrage against humanity and good conscience,
againsttbe law and regulationsof the Navy, was
sustained through all the stages of prosecution,
and the surgeon punished as for a breach of
duty.
Now, let us see how the line have brought
this power and disposition to bear upon the
construction of the acts of Congress regulating
staff rank. The language of the statute is, that
staff officers are "to rank-ufith" certain grades
of the line. The line officers contend that these
words do not confer rank. They do not tell
us what Congress did intend by this language,
but insist that it did not intend to give rank.
From this illiberally and unfairness has arisen
much of the difficulty which this bill seeks to
remedy; and it becomes necessary, in view of
the tendency of the line to render the staff the
victims of a forced and unfair construction of
law, to announce their purpose in clear and
decisive phraseology, so as to exclude the
forced conclusions, of which too many exam-
ples exist.
We have therefore made the language clear
ar.d distinct and the intention incapable of
misapprehension by the use of the imperative
words "shall have the rank of," a phraseology
which will be found in the statute giving staff
rank in the Army. Congress has found it
necessary in many instances to be imperative
with the Navy, and it cannot afford in this
case to clothe its legislation in ambiguous lan-
guage.
VALUE OF KANK.
The advocates of the line tell us that there
is no virtue or benefit in rank when separated
from "command." Will these ardent admir-
ers of exclusiveness, inequality, and caste tell
urf why old men, no longer able to command,
unfitted by age and disqualified by law for that
duty, cling with such tenacity to their rank.
Is it not because without it they would be the
merest nonentities that society holds? Why
does this class of ancient mariners of whom I
speak press your committees for an increase
of rank after the capacity for command has
gone to the " tombs of the Capulets ?" At the
very last session these men came here and
asked to be "retired" with the rank of rear
admiral instead of commodore, and the grades
below them pressed up with hot haste to take
their places in the successive grades of ad-
vancement. What means the terrible struggle
of the Vice Admiral to push his way into the
vacant place of the glorious old dead herd,
Farragut. The necessity of command, for-
sooth! Sir, it is the baldest, sheerest hum-
bug to pretend that such advancement grows
out of the necessities of the service or the
duties of command'.
It is honor; honor, the great reward for a
life devoted and consecrated to the service of
the country ; honor, a reward for long years
of isolation, danger, and duty performed;
honor, the goal of ambition, the soul of mili-
tary organization, whichshines attractive above
the stern form of its exclusiveness find despot-
ism, which is sought and struggled for through
all vicissitudes and obstacles, and which no
class, either in military or civil life, in this coun-
try have the right to claim as exclusively their
own. And yet the advocates of caste claim
that rank has no value save in name, and that
in military circles even it is an empty bauble.
Sir, it would seem that that which all desire
and seek must indeed be valuable. Those who
sneer most maliciously at the efforts of others
to attain it are the most ardent in its pursuit,
and, having compassed its possession, cherish
it most fondly. They come from the remotest
corners ot the earth to the shadows of the
capital to clamor for it. They obtain it. They
accept it; and in its enjoyment arrogate to
themselves as the favored class all its consid-
eration and benefit, and sneer at their peers
in accomplishments and merit who respectfully
ask the same justice at the hands of Congress.
Of what benefit is rank to the staff officer?
1. It gives him a certain and fixed status in
the organization. This is imperatively de-
manded for his mental and physical comfort.
2. It makes him an officer in fact as well as
in name and official rank, enables him to per-
form his duties with greater ease and efficiency,
as it gives him respect and consideration with
all his associates both above and below him.
3. It takes away that sentiment of inferiority
which so long annoyed the staff of the Army.
That was extinguished by the law of 1849,
since which time the completest harmony has
existed there on this question, and its discip
line has been improved without any deteriora-
tion of authority or privilege from the line of
the Army.
4. It relieves him from the continual tauut, of
the younger line officers, that he is not entitled
to official respect because he has no rank.
5. If lie has "'actual rank," as General Sher-
man happily terms it, they share with the line
in a common honor to which noue have an
exclusive right.
The advantages secured by the.bill are— _
1. That it remedies an anomaly in the mil-
itary organization of the Navy, and brings it
into conformity with all other military organ-
izations.
2. It settles a long existing controversy in
our Navy, which to day antagonizes six hun-
dred and fifty officers of the staff against six
hundred and fifty officers of the line.
3. It restores the staff of the Navy to the
position given them in consideration of their
services in the recent war, of their attainments,
and character, and nature of their duties; a
position from which they were degraded by
the revocation of the order of March 13, 1863.
4. It gives to the surgeons, paymasters, and
engineers of the Navy, without interference
with the command of the vessel, that position,
consideration, comfort, and social recognition,
without which high professional culture and
talent cannot be secured in any military organ-
ization. . .
5. It enlarges and liberalizes the spirit of
the organization, and removes that exclusive
ness and aristocracy iu ourNavy, which iu time,
of peace render it obnoxious and unpopular
with the country.
6. It brings harmony to this branch of-the -
public service, by eliminating from it q, radical.
and vicious defect; one by which brains, cul-
ture, and professional experience are subor- ,
dilated to the artificial distinctions of rank, '
without regard to age, length of service, ot.
responsibility.
7. It settles for the Navy distinctly that well-
defined line between line and staff which. exists
in all other military organizations,' and,:which ,
the line officers, under the lead of Adrcujal.
Porter, have sought tQ ignore and destroy.-
8. It is carrying.out the policy of former
Congresses in promoting and advaneing.staff
officers pari passu with those of the line,
within the limits of military usage."
9. By Itsl tooral effect-it tea&sto enhance
the comfort and securethe good treatment of
the'enlisted men of the -Navy, byi ner&a'stngi
the respect and usefulness of a class who, not
being in command, naturally discourage tlie
cruel treatment and unlawful punishment tbo
frequent in the Navy.
■ 10. By eradicating a false, prescriptive,,|M\d
oppressive principle in military organization
it relieves the service of a source of disoon-tent
and bitterness which is sure to arise whert such-
principle exists. •
11. It fixes the status of the officers of the
Navy by law, the, same as in the Army, thus,
taking the question out of the reach of the
uncertainty and caprice of hostile regulations,
made from time to time by irresponsible power.
It gives it a firm legal basis.
12. It gives substantially what one year ago
was conceded by a mixed board of the line
and staff officers appointed for the purpose of
settling the question, but which was suppressed
by hostile influences.
13. It settles the false and unmilitary division
into "combatants" and "non-combatants"
set up by the line, and elsewhere exploded.
The records of the war show that more of the
staff than of the line of the Navy, in propor-
tion to their numbers, were killed and wounded
in battle.
14. It will prevent the resignations. and
vacancies in the staff which are the result-of
the degradation and persecution visited by the
line upon the staff.
Mr. Speaker, I am convinced that the pres-
ent. settlement of this question on the,ground'
of justice to the staff coips of the Navy can-
not be postponed without, detriment to the
harmony of the service, to the just principles
of American military organization, and econ-
omy in legislation. It is in the very nature of
things that this controversy can have no end
until this anti-American slavish distinction,
which has no counterpart in other njijitary
bodies, is stricken from the Navy. In the im-
provements that have taken place in military
organizations our Navy seems to have had hut
very little share. In its body still lurks this
remnant of caste and slavery, which seeks to
subordinate a portion of its members and to
draw between them, without warrant, the line
of military and civil distinction, and refuses to
share equally the honors of its rank according
to modern military custom.
That distinction is most offensively put by
Vice Admiral Porter in his letter to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and, though denounced
by the imm6rt.al Farragut, is still cherished
with all the ardor of professional caste by the
school of Annapolis. This same controversy
arose and was settled years since in the British
army and navy, at the instance and interven-
tion of the Duke of Wellington and Sir.John
Pakington, and upon the principle of positive
rank for the staff. Jt is time that it was set-
tled in this country. Its settlement, under the
provisions of this bill recognizes, by the honor
of fixed and positive rank, the value of pro-
fessional services, and the merit and import-
ance of that skilled labor and mechanical art
