1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
148?
why have we Indian Committees in the Houses
of Congress; why have we a staff of Indian
agents everywhere, except to protect these
people, except to see that they get their rights
promptly and fully and in the sense of the
highest equities in regard to these three sub-
jects : first, their lands ; next, their treaties
with the United States; and, third, their an-
nuities from the United States. Why should
these unfortunate tribes be left to the necessity
of employing agents or attorneys in regard to
any subject arising under any of those classes
of cases ?
Then, sir, these services are made illegal
unless they are rendered in defiance of a pro-
vision which requires the agreement to be in
writing, and to receive the approbation of the
Secretary of the Interior and the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs.
It seems to me that with that limitation the
section is right and necessary; that we owe it
to these people to protect them in the precise
manner proposed by the section. While it is
a shame to our civilization that such a section
should be necessary, yet such a necessity is a
part of the lamentable history in all ages and
countries of the dealings of the conquering
race with a race like these dwindling tribes.
It would be a still greater shame, now that the
opportunity to protect the Indians against a I
continuance of such wrongs is presented in a
form wholly unobjectionable to the Congress
of the United States, the opportunity shall be
rejected. I trust it will not be, and that this
section, which I suppose has come here in the
House bill, will be adopted promptly and as
nearly as possible by the unanimous voice of
the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I will move the amend-
ment suggested by the honorable Senator from
California.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is simply to insert,
instead of the word "against," in the sixth
line, the words "in reference to or growing
out of."
The PRESIDING- OFFICER (Mr. Pome-
boy in the chair.) No objection being inter-
posed, that amendment will be regarded as
agreed to; and the question now is on striking
out the section as amended.
Mr. NYE.. If I understand the scope of
the section, it seems to me it is rather broader
than has been stated. I understand that these
Indians are disqualified from making any con-
tract whatever. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the committee if that is so.
Mr. COLE. As I understand it, it will pro-
hibit them from making any contract relating
in any manner to the annuities from the United
States or treaties with the Indians relative to
their lands. If that is so, I suppose it will
preclude them from making any agreement
to supply themselves with the necessaries of
life which involves in any way the annuities
or funds which they receive from the United
States.
Mr. NYE. I supposed from a casual reading
of the section that it prohibited them from
making any contracts at all in relation to_ any-
thing. There are a great many Indians in my
State who are laborers, working for other peo-
ple, and they get pay for their labor. _ If the
section is going to stop that, I think it stops
civilization.
Mr. CORBETT. No ; it will not stop that.
Mr. NYE. What is the object of the amend-
ment, then ?
Mr. GORBETT. It is to provide that there
shall be no contract in regard to their treaties
or annuities without the approval of the Sec-
retary of the Interior and the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs.
Mr. NYE. If it will preclude that I have
no objection to it particularly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on striking out the section as amended.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I should like to record my vote
against that section, and I will reserve the
right when we come into the Senate to act
upon it separately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It may be
the duty of the Chair to inform the Senator
that when the bill comes into the Senate this
section will not be an amendment, but a part
of the bill; but he can then move to strike it
out.
Mr. HARLAN. The amendments that have
been agreed to in Committee of the Whole I
suppose have not been agreed to in the Sen-
ate yet.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
still in Committee of the Whole. All the
amendments reported by the Committee on
Appropriations have been acted upon.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
to page 12, line two hundred and sixty-three:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to reimburse the western Cherokees, for
amount of money advanced by them to pay the ex-
penses of delegation of eastern Cherokees visiting
Washington, dollars.
On page 16, line three hundred and sixty-
four to line three hundred and sixty-seven,
that amount is ascertained and stated to be
$1,734 50. I move to fill the blank in line two
hundred and sixty-six, page 12, with that sum,
and to strike out the subsequent provision, as
it will be unnecessary if the blank shall be
filled with that sum.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senate has not yet
taken up the amendments proposed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS. I thought the amendments
were all through with.
Mr. HARLAN. We have been acting upon
the amendments of the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky will be in
order when the amendments of the Committee
on Indian Affairs are considered.
Mr. McDONALD. I desire to amend the
bill so as to strike out all the appropriations
for agents for the Cherokee, Choctaw, Semi-
nole, Creek, and Chickasaw Indians. There
is a bill now before the Senate, which will be
brought up at an early day, with a view to ter-
ritorialize the government for those Indians,
which will obviate all necessity for those agents,
if any exists at this time. In my opinion there
is no further necessity for agents for these
different tribes, and I move to strike out the
appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will repeat his amendment, so that the Clerk
can obtain it.
Mr. McDONALD. I move to strike out the
appropriation for Indian agents for the Chero-
kee, Choctaw, Seminole, Creek, and Chicka-
saw Indians.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Wherever
they occur in the bill?
Mr. McDONALD. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. I do not know to what part
of the bill the Senator refers. I wish he would
give us the line and page.
Mr. McDONALD. Sixty-two agents are
provided for in line fourteen, on the first page
of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator to move to strike out
the appropriation for agents for the several
tribes that he names.
Mr. DAVIS. Let the amendment be re-
ported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reported to the Senate.
Mr. McDONALD. I suppose tlus motion
will cover the whole ground: I more to strike
out four agents, so as to leave the number fifty-
eight.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator read from the bill or from the amend-
ments of the Committee on Indian Affairs?
Mr. McDONALD. From the first page of
the bill, line fourteen, where it provides for
sixty-two agents, which includes the agents I
have named.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. How many
does the Senator move that it shall provide
for?
_ Mr. McDONALD. I move toinsert "fifty-
eight," instead of "sixty-two."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Arkansas moves to amend the bill by
striking out "sixty-two," in line fourteen, and
inserting " fifty-eight," as the number of Indian
agents.
Mr. McDONALD. And then I desire the
reduction to apply to those agencies that I have
mentioned.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to know how
this will affect other agencies.
Mr. McDONALD. They are provided for
in the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then you propose to amend
the bill further after this amendment shall be
adopted?
Mr. McDONALD. I have stated the agen-
cies that I propose to dispense with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that this is an amendment to reduce
the number of agents.
Mr. RAMSEY. And specifying what par-
ticular agencies are to be dispensed with. I
wish that understood.
Mr. COLE. It is with agreat deal of reluc-
tance and hesitancy that I oppose any propo-
sition looking toward reform or the reduction
of this branch of the service; but I apprehend
if the motion of the Senator from Arkansas
prevails it will leave us with a deficiency to
meet, because I believe these agencies are
provided for by separate laws. I cannot, of
course, now enumerate all the laws, for there
are nearly as many separate enactments :m
there are agents that are authorized. It may
be that the very agents that the Senator allude
to, which I do not now have in my mmd,
because I did not hear him distinctly, are
provided for in separate laws; and if so. the
Department will be obliged, I presume, to
retain them in the service, and it will result,
after all, in a deficiency, and not in economy.
If the Senator would propose to repeal the
laws authorizing those agents, and give a
reason for it, I for one should be very glad
to support his proposition ; but to strike them
out of the bill here, it seems to me will not
meet the object which he has in view.
Mr. McDONALD. With the consent of the
Senator from California I shall move further
to amend the bill, after this amendment has
been adopted, by moving to repeal all laws
authorizing the agencies I have named.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me that an amend-
ment of this importance should be put in writ-
ing, so that we can see it before us with our
eyes, and not be uncertain about it by merely
listening to interpretations of it. I cannot tell
what the form of the amendment is until I can
see it.
Mr. NYE. The amendment now proposed
is easily understood. It is in writing. The
amendment to be proposed will be very easily
understood. It is simply to repeal the laws
that authorize the existence of these agents.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. So far as I under-
stand it, I hope this amendment will not be
agreed to. It is based upon a contingency.
That contingency may not occur; and if it
does not occur we shall certainly need these
agents. I hope this proposition will be post-
poned until it shall be determined whether
that contingency shall occur.
Mr. McDONALD. I think there is no Sen-
ator acquainted with the status of those Indians
who will not concur with me that there is no
necessity whatever for agents for them as they
now exist. They are civilized tribes; they
have their own rules and regulations and take
care of themselves. I think that agents there
are supernumerary officers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
