1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
and purchases of the ordnance department
during the past year; which was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
lie also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of War, communicating inform-
ation relative to the claims of Jordan Mc-
Pike, and others, arising out of the expedition
against the Pi-Ute Indians in 1860; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War, communicating inform-
ation in regard to alleged outrages committed
by lawless bands in the State of Tennessee;
which was referred to the select Committee
ou Alleged Outrages in the Southern States.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have re-
ceived from the State of Indiana a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature, thus entitled: "A
joint resolution of instructions to the Senators
in Congress, representing the State of Indiana,
on the subject of annexing Dominica to the
United Statesand on its perusal I find one
of the resolutions expressly asks me to pre-
sent the joint resolution to the Senate. In
obedience to that request embodied in the
joint resolution I now present it to the Sen-
ate, and ask that it be read, printed, and lie on
the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the resolutions.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to add a single
remark now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the reso-
lutions are read?
Mr. SUMNER. Let them be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts desires the resolutions to be
read, that their contents may be disclosed.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
A joint resolution of instruction to the Senators in
Congress, representing the State of Indiana, on the
subjectofannexing Dominica to the United States.
Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of
Indiana, That, whilenot opposed to judicious acqui-
sition of territory by the United States, whenever
die same may be necessary tor the public defense,
i"r commerce, the adjustment of boundaries, or the
development of the national resources, we condemn
:ind disapprove of the pending plan before Congress
for the acquisition of a portion of the island of San
Douiingo.
Resolved, That our Senatois in Congress be, and
::re herehy, instructed, imd our Representatives re-
quested, to oppose by their votes and by all legiti-
mate means the consummation of said plan, and all
legislative action by Congress looking to that end.
Itesolved, That the Governor be, and is hereby,
requested to furnish each of our Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress, as soon as practicable,
with a. copy of these resolutions, and that he for-
ward a copy of the same, duly authenticated, to
Hon. Charles Scjinee, with a request of this Gen-
eral Assembly that the same may be presented by
him to the Senate of the United States.
WILL. CUMBACK,
President of the Senate.
WILLIAM MACK,.
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
State op Ixdiaxa,
Executive Department.
The foregoing is a true and correct copy of a joint
resolution of the General Assembly, State of Indi-
ana, passed on the lltli day of January, 1871.
In witness whereof I ha* *- hereunto subscribed my
name and caused the seal of the State to be
[l. s.] hereunto affixed, at the city of Indianapolis,
this 12th day of January, 1871.
CO Nil AD BAKEll,
Governor of Indiana.
NORMAN EDDY.
Secretary of State.
Mr. MORTON. I desire for the present to
have these resolutions lie on the table, with
this single remark : that they were passed by
the Democratic majority in the Legislature of
Indiana. I may have something further to
."•av about them hereafter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Massachusetts moves that the resolutions be
printed and laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I offer a joint resolution,
passed by the Legislature of Indiana, anijask
to have it rend and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
A joint resolution instructing the Senators and
requesting the Representatives in Congress to
endeavor to obtain an appropriation from Con-
gress for the improvement of the navigation of
the Wabash river.
.Be it resolved b'u the General Assembly of the State
of Indiana, That our Senators in Congress be in-
structed and our Representatives be requested to
use all proper means to procure an appropriation by
Congress for the improvement of the navigation of
the Wabash river from its mouth to Lafayette, and as
much higher as a survey shall demonstrate it to be
practicable; and that the Governor be requested to
forward a copy of this resolution to each of said
Senators and Representatives in Congress from this
State.
WILLIAM MACK,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
WILL. CUMBACK,
President of the Senate.
Executive Department,
Indiaxapolis, Indiana.
The above and foregoing is a full and true copy of
joint resolution No. 3, House of Representatives.
State of Indiana, as certified to me this date
In witness whereof I have hereunto subscribed my
r. „ -i name, and caused the seal of t-he State to be
■- J hereunto affixed, at Indianapolis, this 16th
day of January, 1871.
CONRAD BAKER, .
Governor of Indiana.
NORMAN EDDY,
Secretary of State.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
oil Commerce.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Illinois in favor
of an appropriation for the improvement of
the Wabash river ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent a resolution of the Legislature of the State
of Kansas, asking for an amendment to the
law relating to the disposition of the Osage
Indian reservation. I ask that the resolution
be read, printed, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, as the Committee on
Indian Affairs have charge of Indian reserva-
tions, and not the Committee on Public Lands.
It is on that account that I ask that it be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution as fol-
lows :
He it resolved by the House of Representatives of
Kansas, (the Senate concurring,) That our congres-
sional delegation be instructed to introduce and urge
the passage of amendments to the act of Congress of
July 15, 1870, entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30,1871, and for other purposes," which shall
allow settlers on the Osage diminished reserve to
enter and prove up their claims in any shape in
which they may have claimed them by legal subdi-
visions; also, that the said settlers may bo allowed
two years from date of actual survey by the Gov-
ernment to prove up and pay for their claims.
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be instructed
to forward a copy of this resolution to the members
of our congressional delegation at Washington.
Adopted by the House January 18,1871.
ALEX. R. BANKS,
Chief Clerk.
Concurred in by the Senate January 18,1S71.
GEORGE 0. CROWXHER,
Secretary of Senate.
The resolutions were referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
| printed.
! Mr. PRATT. I present a memorial of the
I National Labor Union, recently in session in
I this city, representing a large number of Amer-
ican citizens in different parts of the country,
and especially in the South, in which this body
respectfully but earnestly asks of Congress
early action in devising and cnaeting a national
system of public school education, somewhat
after the plan proposed in-.the bill of Hon. G.
F. Hoar, of Massachusetts, now before the
House of Representatives. I move the refer-
ence of this memorial to the Committee on
Education and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
William C. Schley, executor of Cadwalader
Ringgold deceased, praying the difference of
pay between commander and captain in the
Navy alleged to be due said Ringgold from
April 2, 1856, to January 29, 1858 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Ciaims.
He also presented the memorial of Elizabeth
A. Porter, widow of William D. Porter, Uni-
ted States Navy, praying the difference of
pay between lieutenant and commander from
September 13,1855, to January 6,1859; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of
Joseph R. Shannon, praying compensation for
the use and loss of the steamboat W. Burton,
seized and employed by the quartermaster's
department as a transport during the late
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present a resolution of
the board of supervisors of the city of San
Francisco, in reference to the military reserva-
tion of the United States known as the Presidio
reservation, near that city. It asks that that
reservation may be granted for the purposes
of a public park for the use of the people of
San Francisco. It represents that it is the
only considerable body of land now left which
is adapted for a public park within the limits
or anywhere in the neighborhood of the city
of San Francisco. The representations made
in theresolution are substantially true, within
my own knowledge. It is asubject upon which
all the people of San Francisco, without any
distinction of party, are substantially united,
and in which they feel a very great interest.
This reservation, I will observe for the inform-
ation of Senators here, is not more than three
miles from the business center of that grow-
ing city, and manifestly there are insuperable
objections to the United States retaining so
large a military reservation as that in such a
locality. 1 move the reference of the resolu-
tion to the Committee on 
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to know if that
paper is addressed to Congress, or to the del-
egation from California. If to the delegation
only, it is not a paper to be submitted to the
Senate. I thought from the Senator's state-
ment that it was not addressed to Congress.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will state that the res-
olution of the board of supervisors directs the
transmission of the resolution to the Senators
and Representatives from California in Con-
gress and asks that it be presented by them,
according to my recollection. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Maine object to its reception ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Not if, as the Senator
thinks, the delegation are requested to present
it to Congress. I think then it is equivalent
to having it addressed to Congress. If it be
addressed only to the Senators it is precisely
like private correspondence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To^ what com-
mittee does the Senator from California desire
to have this resolution referred ?
Mr. CASSERLY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands or the Military Committee, whichever
is most appropriate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Generally peti-
tions of this character have been referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, involving
i a reservation for military purposes.
' Mr. CASSERLY. Let this take that course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The paper will be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire also to present
a memorial of farmers and wine-growers of
the county of Los Angeles and the county of
San Bernardino, in the southern part of the
State of California, asking for an appropria-
tion for the survey of the harbor of Anaheim,
and $25,000 for its improvement. The memo-
rial sets out the importance of that part of the
State, its rapid growth, and other particulars,
which render the subject of the memorial one
for the favorable consideration of the Com-
mittee on Commerce. The settlement of Ana-
heim itself is, for its size, one of the most
valuable in the State of California. It is a
