54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
Senate.
Beeommendations to Office—Mr. Patterson.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
which, under the fostering eare of our free
institutions, are contributing so largely to the
■wealth, the power, and the prosperity of our
country. The intelligent and active men rep-
resenting these great interests will never be
content with an unjust and unnecessary sub-
ordination. The staff is proud of the Navy,
of its history, and the great achievements, in
which they have borne their full share, and
while they cheerfully concede to its great com-
manders the glory of its many victories, they
justly claim their heritage of honor attend-
ant upon long, arduous service, and dangers
shared with their brethren of the line.
Beeommendations to Office. ■
SPEECH OF HON. J. W. PATTERSON,
of new hampshire,
In the Senate of the United States,
January 24, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(S. No. 298) to relieve members of Congress from
importunity, and to preserve tho independence of
the different Departments of the Government—
Mr. PATTERSON said:
Mr. President ; It is not my purpose to dis-
cuss this question at any very great length;
but I wish to express some views that I have
long entertained on the subject. I am heartily
in sympathy with the purpose sought by the
Senator from Illinois, but I am not altogether
satisfied with the way in which his bill attempts
to accomplish it. It starts with the assump-
tion that a great evil exists in the civil ser-
vice, which has grown up since the adoption
of the principle by General Jackson which says
that "to the victors belong the spoils." The
assumption is correct. Patronage has become
a power in the G-overtiment and is fraught with
peril. The President, by calling in the aid of
Congressmen in dispensing appointments, has
greatly enhanced the dangers and the evils of
executive patronage by placing them in the
hands of parties who have greater power and
opportunities to abuse them than the Chief
Magistrate. The arguments which Hamilton
marshals with overwhelming weight in the
Federalist against a division of the appointing
power may be used with peculiar force against
the present practice of farming out execu-
tive appointments. In discussing the ques-
tion whether the appointing power shall be
solely in the President or in a body of men
like the Senate of the United States Mr.
Hamilton says:
"The sole and undivided responsibility of one man
will naturally beget a livelier sense of duty and a
more exact regard to reputation. He will on this
account foel himself under stronger obligations, and
more interested to investigate with care the qualities
requisite to the stations to be filled, and to prefer
with impartiality the person who may have the fair-
est pretension- to them. He will have fewer personal
attachments to gratify than a body of men who may
each be supposed to have an equal number, and will
be so much the less liable to'be misled by the senti-
ments of friendship and of affection. There is noth-
ing so apt to agitate the passions of mankind as
personal considerations, whether they relate to our-
selves or to others, who are to be the objects of our
ehoiceor preference. Ilence, in every exercise of the
power of appointing to offices by an assembly of men,
we must expect to see a full display of all the private
and party likings and dislikes, partialities and antip-
athies, attachments and animosities, which are felt
by those who compose the assembly. The choice
which may at any time happen to be made under
such circumstances will.ofcourse.be the result either
of a victory gained by one party over the otheror
of acompromise between the parties. Xneithercase,
the intrinsic merit of the candidate will be too often
out of sight."—Federalist. Jo. 76, page 318.
The evils here anticipated by Hamilton have
resulted to some extent from the present
method of bestowing subordinate offices. It,
has lessened the sense of personal responsi-
bility in the President, and given to political
favorites places which should be the prizes of
ability and integrity. As a matter of fact, this
has been the result, but not inevitably. I do
not think that the evils anticipated and com-
bated in the Federalist must necessarily follow
when a member of Congress consults with the
President or recommends to him an appointee.
I believe this state of things has grown up from
the frequency of the changes in office, and from
the practice of bestowing offices from political
considerations, rather than on account of fitness
for the service. It seems to me that all the
evils which the Senator from Illinois seeks to
remove by his bill might be removed if you
would prevent this constant change of the civil
force simply to reward or procure political
service. The bill does not. in my apprehen-
sion, strike at the real seat of the disease. That
must be reached in another way.
If I understand the bill there is another
feature in it which 1 do not quite like. It
would make it a crime for a member of Con-
gress, even when applied to by the President
for information in respect to the character of
an applicant for appointment, to respond or
give any advice in the premises. I know the
President, by the Constitution, is made the
appointing power, but he cannot possibly know
individuals in every State and in every town-
ship in every State who are qualified to hold
the offices there created by the Constitution
of the country; and when he is about to
make an appointment nothing is more natural
or proper than that the President should ask
the Senator or member of Congress from the
State as to the character and fitness of the pro-
posed appointee. Now, sir, are we to make
it criminal for a Senator, in response to such
a request, to give his opinion in respect to an
applicant for office?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, the bill as it is introduced and as I advo-
cate it here does not propose to do that.
Mr. PATTERSON. As amended it does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has not yet been
amended. There is a suggestion to amend.
Mr. PATTERSON. There is a proposed
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is an amend-
ment proposed of that character, but the bill,
as I introduced it and as I advocated it, allows
the President to call upon members of Con-
gress, as the Senator will see if he will read it.
Mr. PATTERSON. I am speaking of the
amendment, proposed by the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a proposed
amendment, but it does not meet my views.
Mr. PATTERSON. The proposed amend-
ment,, nevertheless, is made by the authority
of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; the committee
recommended that amendment.
Mr. PATTERSON. I was speaking to the
bill as it ia reported. It seems so me that the
bill as it eoraes from the committee is essen-
tially defective. 1 ask for the reading of the
pending amendment to this bill.
Ihe Chief Clerk read the amendment of the
Committee on the Judiciary, as follows :
That hereafter it shall be unlawful for any mem-
ber ot either House of Congress, or Delegate from a,
territory, verbally or in writing, to solicit, recom-
mend, or advise tho President of the United States,
or any h ead of a Department or of any bureau thereof,
to appoint any person to office or employment; and
it shall be unlawful fur the President or any head
oi a Department or bureau to make any appoint-
ment so solicited, recommended, or advised, on the
privity of the applicant; and any person who shall
violate this act shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
and on conviction thereof shall be fined not exceed-
ing $1,000 : f'rmritled, That this act shall not apply
to th e action of Senators upon nominations submit-
ted by the President to the Senate.
Mr. PATTERSON. Now, if I understand
this proposed amendment, it makes it unlaw-
ful on the part of a member of Congress to
respond to an application from the President
to give him the character of any man who is
to be appointed as a marshal, an assessor, or
a collector in any State. We can hardly afford
to pass a bill of that character. How is the
President to secure any correct knowledge of
the characters and capacities of men who are
to be appointed to the offices he must fill?
He does not know them personally. He must
obtain information from somebody. Will he
be more likely to get exact and correct inform-
ation from the Governor of a State or from
private parties, possibly themselves aspirants
for office, than he will from members of Con-
gress, who are already in office ? It seems to
me that we are the persona of all others to
whom application should be made.
Mr. MORTON. He may apply to the post-
masters. [Laughter.]
Mr. PATTERSON. My friend from Indiana
says he may apply to the postmasters. I think
he would not be likely in that case to get bet-
ter or more reliable information than he would
if he applied to members of Congress.
But, sir, I am heartily in favor of the real
object of this bill, which is a reform of the
civil service. And my zeal in this matter is
not new-born. Soon after coming into the
House of Representatives I was led to study
this subject somewhat as a member of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and as a result
of my investigations m that direction I offered
an amendment to a bill, which passed both
Houses and became a law, by which the ap-
pointment of consular clerks was authorized.
My desire at the time was to make that a
stepping-stone to a thorough reorganization
of our entire consular and diplomatic system;
and with this intent, at a later date I prepared
a bill, with a great deal of care, looking to a
complete remodeling of our foreign service,
including both the diplomatic and consular.
I provided in that bill that all the lower
appointments should be made on a competi-
tive examination, and that the service should
be made a career, so far as it could be con-
sistently with the genius of our institutions.
Accompanying that bill I made a report.
With the consent of the Senate, i will read a
passage or two, which will give the views i
then held and still entertain on the subject:
-Under our present system a consular or diplo-
matic onicer has no sooner familiarized himselt with
his routine, and begun to advance to a knowledge
ot iind fitness tor higher duties, than he is removed
to make room for another novice, who is likewise
superseded as soon as his experience begins to enable
him fo discharge the duties of his office to the satis-
faction ot him^olt and others. Thus in one gencra-
tion the same post is necessarily filled hy halt a dozen
men, who are successively displaced from the moment
they have Jearned to iniuse into their office some-
thing of professional^ knowledge and culturo. This
system is notonly unjuat to the people, inasmuch as
it fails to secure an adequate consideration for the
salaries disbursed, but it is equally unjust to the
agents, who are thrown hack upon their own re-
sources just at the time when a three or four years'
preparation has fitted them to devote their energies
and capacity with advantage to themselves and the
country to the foreign service.
io com petes uccessfully with the agents of foreign
rowers, and to conduct advantageously the pol'tical
and commercial affairs of our own country, the ap-
pointees m this service should be familiar not only
with the lavvs, customs, industries, and products of
our ovyn land, but should be instructed in the lavvs,
pursuits, language, and character of the people to
whom they are accredited. To this should be added
a thorough knowledge of that international code
which regulates the intercourseof nations. So long
as these officers are transferred from pursuits and
associations which have no atlimty to the foreign
service, however able and skilltul they may be in
other things, they cannot possess the special knowl-
edge and aptitudes which will render their labors
either creditable or useful in this."
* 'i* si" -t 4: >}! .j. * .}.
Almost every day questions spring up in consul-
ates which require a full knowledge or not only
American, but also of European jurisprudence, of
toe laws of nations, and particularly of commercial
and marine law.
important international transactions
are at times, m their inception, dependent upon
information to he obtained* from consuls; and more
than once beneficial enterprises have boon aban-
doned because the consul had not the requisite in-
formation, was unable to comprehend their import-
5he ability to participate in their
execution. Iliis happens when application is made
to aim m an advisory character. But he is often
