662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
settlement of intelligent farmers and wine-
growers. I move the reference of this memo-
rial to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARNER presented the petitions of
James D. Craig, of Dallas county, Alabama,
and of John H. McGehn, of Alabama, pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of D. B.
Smith and others, of Opelika, Alabama, in
behalf of A. S. Grigg, of Lee county, Alabama,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of R. T.
Bently and others, of Dry Creek, Alabama,
in behalf of Colonel J. M. Warren and B. A.
Patton, of Lawrence county, Alabama, pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the liemova.1 of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of B. P.
Saffold and others, citizens of Dallas county,
Alabama, in behalf of James D. Craig, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. JEWETT. I present a petition from
the Board of Trade of St. Louis upon the sub-
ject of a ship-canal atthe mouth of the Missis-
sippi river, asking the action of Congress on
that subject to order a survey. As this is a
matter of very great importance to one half
of the people of the United-States, I move
that the memorial be printed and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I present the petition of
Mrs. Harriet W. Pond, praying to be remun-
erated for money expended and service ren-
dered by her during the late war in taking care
of sick and wounded soldiers. These papers
have been presented once and have been with-
drawn from the Senate by consent, and I now
file them again with three additional and new
affidavits, bearing, as I am told, very materi-
ally upon the question. I move thatthe petition
and the accompanying papers be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I present several petitions
addressed to the President, Senate and House
of Representatives, Secretary of the Interior,
and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, setting forth on the part of the peti-
tioners the great inconvenience to which they
are subjected by a land office established at the
last session of Congiess, called the Shasta dis-
trict. Tim subject is now before Congress,
and therefore 1 present the petitions here. 1
believe the Committee 0:1 Public Lands have
already agreed upon a bill which will affoul
the relief that these petitioners ask. I move
the reference of the petitions to the Commit-
tee 011 Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE also presented a memorial of
the San Diego Chamber of Commerce, praying
the passage of a law creating San Diego a port
of entry ; whieh was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. McCREERY presented a petition of cit-
izens of Kentucky, praying that in the pend-
ing bill for the arrangement of the judicial
districts of that State provision be made for
holding a term of the United States courts at
Frankfort; which was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 the Judiciary.
Mr. REVELS presented a petition of mem-
bers of the Grand Tabernacle of Galilean
Fi&hermen of the District of Columbia, pray-
ing that a charter nay be granted to their
organization ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented a petition of
Samuel Bacon and others, citizens and tax-
payers of Washington, District of Columbia,
praying for the passage of a specific law, as
to the terms of which there can be no misun-
derstanding, requiring the spaces within and
between the tracks of the Washington and
Georgetown Railroad Company to be paved to
correspond with the sides of Pennsylvania
avenue, where improved pavements now are or
hereafter may be laid : which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, in which they set forth that a
late neighbor of theirs, John Gray, was one
of the last survivors of the revolutionary sol-
diers. They ask Congress to appropriate a
large sum of money, indeed they propose
$5,000, which seems to me very large, for a
painting of John Gray, to be placed in the
Rotunda of the national Capitol. I move the
reference of this petition to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. McCREERY presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of General McQuiston
and J. D. Skeen ; which were referred to the
Committee on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWS.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That James 0. Carruthers, of Salisbury.
Massachusetts, bo allowed to withdraw from the files
of the Seriate the papers submitted by him relating
to his claim for back pay.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSTON, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred
the memorial of Ann Green and Mary Bohrer,
heirs-at-law of Lieutenant Colonel Uriah For-
rest, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 1239) for the relief of Ann Green
and Mary Bohrer, heirs-at-law of Lieutenant
Colonel Uriah Forrest. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2323) granting a pension
to Mary E. Shelton, to report it back with the
expression of opinion that it ought not to pass.
I think it had better be indefinitely postponed,
unless somebody wishes it placed it on the Cal-
end nr.
_The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
dissent, the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also instructed by
the same committee to return to the Senate
the petition of Barbary Turpin, praying for a
pension, with the statement of the opinion of
the committee that this applicant is entitled to
a pension under the general law on the state-
ment of her case at the Pension Office ; and
1 therefore I move that she have leave to with-
j draw her papers.
! The motion was agreed to.
I Mr. EDMUNDS. I also return from the
| same committee sundry letters and documents
! from the Second Auditor's office, respecting
frauds in the payment of pensions and boun-
ties to colored troops, and ask that we may be
discharged from their further consideration,
and that they be laid upon the table.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also instructed by
the same committee to report back the petition
of Patrick W. Black, praying to be allowed a
pension. I am instructed by the committee
to say that he is plainly entitled to a pension
under the existing statutes of the Pension Office
on his own statement of the case, and to report
that he have leave to withdraw his papers.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also instructed by
the same committee to return the resolutions
of the Grand Encampment of the Department
of New York, Grand Army of the Republic,
in favor of the payment of pensions monthly,
with the statement that no further action is
necessary, as since the petition was presented
quarterly payments have been agreed upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
will be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by the
same committee to return the petition of Ann
A. Smoot, setting forth that her husband was
a soldier in the war of 1812-13. She thinks
she ought to have a pension in consequence
of that. We think we cannot afford to pass any
special grants of pensions except to wounded
people in these days; and therefore we report
that the petitioner have leave to withdraw her
petition and papers.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also instructed by
the same committee to report back the peti-
tion of Parmelia Hubbell, with the expression
of the opinion of the committee that she, hav-
ing already had a pension granted to a child
of the deceased soldier for the same services,
it is not within the policy of the law to grant
further relief; and we report that she have
leave to withdraw her petition and papers.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by the
same committee to report back the memorial
of Gordon B. Barnes, praying to be allowed a
pension, -with the .opinion that he have leave
to withdraw his petition and papers, as it is a
case of arrears, he already having obtained a
pension, and, by the modern legislation of
Congress, arrears of pension are not granted.
The report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William J. Roberts,
praying for arrears of pension, reported ad-
versely, and asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Adam D. Myers,
praying to be allowed a pension, reported a
bill (S. No. 1240) granting a pension to Adam
D. Myers ; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee 011 Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the petition of
Horace L. Emery, praying that the Commis-
sioner of Patents be authorized to hear and
determine his application for an extension of
letters-patent, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill (S. No. 1242) for the relief of
Horace L. Emery.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 23u7) for the
relief of Jacob J. Anderson, submitted an ad-
versereport; which was ordered to be printed ;
| and he moved the indefinite postponement of
; the bill; which was agreed to.
j He also, from the ,same committee, to whom
! was referred the petition of Albert W. Gray,
praying an extension of letters-patent granted
to him for an improvement in horse-power,
submitted a report, accompanied by a hill (S.
No. 1243) for the relief of Albert W. Gray.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2301) granting a pension to Louisa P.
Shellhart, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (IT.
R. No. 2310) granting a pension to George W.
Sublett, reported it without amendment.
_ Mr. TlPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
| Jacob C. Home praying for a pension, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and moved that the petitioner have leave
to withdraw his petition and papers; which
was agreed to.
USE OF THE LIBRARY. *
Mr. HOWE. I am directed by the joint
Committee on the Library, to whom was
