1488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Arkansas, reducing the number of agents to
fifty-eight.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I will offer an amendment on
page 18, and ask the attention of the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs to the pro-
posed amendment. It is to strike out lines
thirty, thirty-one, and thirty-two, down to the
word "semi-annually," and to insert what I
send to the Chair.
Mr. HARLAN. Does the Senator refer
to the bill as reported by the Committee on
Appropriations or to the printed amendments
of our committee?
Mr. DAVIS. I refer to the bill of the House
of Representatives No. 2615, page 18, lines
thirty, thirty-one, and thirty-two.
Mr. COLE. I do not find that language in
my copy of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I will give you mine.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Kentucky to
have before him a copy of the amendments of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, which has
the same number as the House bill, and he is
reading from that.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe that is so.
Mr. COLE. That is a very natural mistake
for one to make, as the amendments of the
Committee on Indian Affairs are about as vol-
uminous as the bill itself. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Kentucky that
the amendments of the Committee on Indian
Affairs have not yet been submitted to the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. That I understand; but that
will not prevent me from offering an amend-
ment in committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
still open to amendment. Does the Senator
offer the amendment frofa the Committee on
Indian Affairs?
Mr. DAVIS. I offer it as my own amend-
ment.
The PRESIDIN G OFFICER. It is in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I want the approbation, if I
can get it, of the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs. If he disapproves of the
amendment I shall hesitate to offer it.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not see the lines num-
bered in my bill, as mentioned by the honor-
able Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment had better be
reported. I will observe that this amendment
has been drawn up by the Cherokee delega-
tion and handed to me. They are very intelli-
gent and well-informed men, and gentlemen
who understand what they are about; and they
have offered to my consideration an amendment
which I think very proper. I ask that it be
read for the information of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is as
follows:
On pagelS, line thirty, strike out the words included
in brackets and insert these words:
Invested ia United States registered bonds ac-
cording to the provisions of the — article of the
Cherokee treaty of July 19,1866: And provided. That
all Cherokees, beingheads of families, who had made
improvements orsettled upon said lands prior to July
19,3806, and their descendants or legal representa-
tives, shall have the right to purchase one hundred
and sixty acres, taken in a compact form, accord-
ing to legal subdivisions, so as to include the place
improved as near the center as practicable, the price
to be paid by said Cherokee settlers to be the mini-
mum price of $1 25 per acre; and the Secretary shall
issue patents to said Cherokees for said tracts of land
when the facts in each case shall have been satis-
factorily established in such manner as he shall pre-
scribe.
Mr. NYE. I hope the honorable Senator
from Kentucky will not urge that amendment.
It is changing the whole character of the title
under which those Indians hold. If that ques-
tion is to be considered it will lead to a good
deal of discussion. It is entirely independ-
ent legislation, and has nothing to do with an
appropriation bill.
Mr..DA VIS. With the permission of the
honorable Senator, I will say a word in explan-
ation of this amendment. It is known to the
Senate th&t along the whole southern line of
Kansas there is a narrow strip of land that
belongs to the Cherokee Indians. By treaty
that land was ceded in trust to the United States
Government for the benefit of the Cherokees.
Under that treaty various white settlers have
settled upon the land, and there is a provision
in the amendments reported by the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs that those settlers shall
retain the lands upon which they have settled
in a quantity not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres, at their valuation at the time of
the settlement. There were a few Indian fam-
ilies who settled on the same strip of land, the
heads of which families have died. They made
improvements upon this land. The whole
effect of this amendment is to give the chil-
dren of the few Indian settlers, not exceeding
half a dozen probably, who settled upon this
strip precisely the same advantages in relation
to its purchase that the white settlers have.
That is the whole of it.
Mr. NYE. If I understand the position of
things, it is a question of doubt in whom the
title to these lands is now. It is not conceded,
if I am correctly informed by gentlemen who
have had this subject under consideration, that
the title of these lands is in the Cherokees at
all. That vfas one of the mooted questions.
I think the honorable Senator from Iowa will
agree with me in that.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator from
Nevada is mistaken in suggesting that there is
a question of doubt as to the title to the lands.
It is admitted, not denied by anybody, that
the title is in the United States ; but the Cher-
okees are entitled to the proceeds of the lands
when they shall be sold. There is a provision
in one of the amendments of the Committee
on Indian Affairs that the white men who have
settled upon these lands shall have the right
to purchase them at their valuation at the
time of settlement. This amendment simply
provides that the children of about half a dozen
Indians, who also settled upon this strip, shall
have the same right to purchase that the white
settlers have, and which their parents would
have if they were living. That is the whole
effect of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. COLE. I cannot find in the bill before
me the clause which the Senator from Ken-
tucky proposes to amend.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have amended this very section; and if
the Senator from Kentucky will withdraw his
amendment until the amendments of that com-
mittee are acted upon, and which I think are
very well matured, he will not then probably
desire to move his amendment, because they
have covered substantially the same ground.
Mr. COLE. I will inquire if the Secretary
has the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky ? I cannot find where it occurs in the
bill.
Mr. DAVIS. At the suggestion of the very
experienced Senator from Kansas, I will with-
draw my amendment for the present and wait
until the amendments of the Committee on
Indian Affairs are acted upon.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I offer the follow-
ing amendment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the Indian reser-
vation set apart for the confederated bands of Pimo
and Maricapa Indians, in the Territory of Arizona,
be, and tfcre same is hereby, enlarged and extended
so as to include eighty-one thousand one hundred
and forty and sixteen hundredths acres, defined by
the survey of LieutenantRichard H. Savage, of the
corps of Engineers, United Sates Army, in addition
to the present reservation of sixty-four thousand
acres, which survey, with a map and description of
the bearings and boundaries of the same, was trans-
mitted to tho Commissioner of Indian Affairs, under
date of August 18,1870, by George L. Andrews, lieu-
tenant colonel United States Army, and superin-
tendent of Indian affairs in the Territory of Arizona,
and that the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized to pay, from any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
$30,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary, to
settle and pay for improvements made by twenty-
five settlers now on lands included in the within-
described survey, a detailed report of which wa3
made by Captain 3?. E. Grossman, of the United
States Army, a special Indian agent, which report
was transmitted, with a survey, to the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs by the within-named George L.
Andrews.
Mr. COLE. I believe the Committee on
Appropriations have had no notice of that. It
was not referred to the committee, according
to my recollection. This is the first time I
have heard of«it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It is presented in
pursuance of a recommendation of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and I have permission
from the Committee on Indian Affairs to report
it. I will make a simple statement in regard
to it. It seems that there is a reservation in
Arizona of sixty-four thousand acres for the
Pimo and Maricopa Indians. On examination
and inquiry it has been reported to the Secre-
tary of the Interior and the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs that that land is not sufficient
for agricultural purposes and for pasturage for
the tribe. In consequence of that the Secre-
tary ordered a survey of lands adjoining. That
survey was made tinder one of the corps of
Engineers -of the United States Army, and a
report has been made, with a map, and that is
satisfactory to the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs and the Secretary of the Interior. They
recommend it as necessary for the Indians in
that Territory. These are the reasons why I
press it.
Mr. COLE. I insist on the point of order.
I object to it on the ground that notice has not
been given to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule
requires notice to be given to the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. HARLAN. Does it when it is recom-
mended by the head of a Department?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I suppose not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does.
Unless recommended by the head of a Depart-
ment the amendment would not be in order at
all, but in any case notice must be given to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will offer it to-
morrow, then, if the gentleman objects to it
to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
received by unanimous consent. Does the
Senator from California object?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir. I have not had time
to examine it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Then I give notice
that I will offer it to-morrow. 1 also give
notice that I will offer another ameudment
to-morrow, from the same source, and I send
it up now to be read.
The CniEF Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment is as follows:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of tho
Interior be authorized, and he is hereby directed, to
issue patents in fee-simple to the thirty-two indi-
viduals, or to their heirs, to whom certificates of
allotments of lands in Kansas were issued on tho
14th day of September, 1860, in accordance with tho
provisions made for the removal of the Six Nations
of New York Indians west of the Mississippi by tho
treaty of Buffalo Creek, concluded January In, 1S3S.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I also give notice of
another amendment which I will offer to-mor-
row; and I ask that it be printed and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations. Let it
be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows: '
For the payment of the final balance of the account
of Edward N. Darling. United States surveyor,
under his contract with J. S. Wilson, Commissioner
of the General. Land Office, bearing date April 29,
1869. for service in surveying the Navajoreservation
in New Mexico, $2,197 85.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I wish to have all
