187-1.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Recommendations to Office—Mr. Patterson.
senate:,
called upon for positive action or interference.
Cases grow out of the legacies of Americans who
die within the jurisdiction of the consul, from litiga-
tions between American citizens, and from contested
issues arisiog from the chartering, freighting, owner-
ship. shipwreck or other casualties of vessels.
" A.t present we have no assurance that our con-
sular officer will possess the ability to cope with such
jnatters, and much less with those higher questions
of special importance which sometimes arise in non-
Christian countries, in which the consul exercises
extra judicial powers."
Since preparing that bill and making the
report upon it my views have undergone some
change. I am not altogether sure now that a
large part of our diplomatic service had not
better be dispensed with altogether. Certain
I am that the service could be largely reduced,
and greatly to the advantage of the Govern-
ment. There are many Governments in Europe
to which we have accredited either full minis-
ters or ministers resident where our officers
have nothing to do from the beginning to the
close of the year but to dine and dance. Why,
sir, one of the most intelligent of our former
diplomatic officers abroad said to me on one
occasion that he was two years at one of the
courts of Europe and had absolutely nothing
to do during the entire period. Not one soli-
tary thing of any magnitude or importance
came before hirn for consideration or action
during his two years of service.
What has a minister of the United States to-
day to do in Sweden, Denmark, Belgium, Hol-
land, or Austria? Absolutely nothing that is
of any national importance. There are a few
Governments of Europe, like England, France,
North Germany, and at present Spain, where
our ministers are called upon to transact busi-
ness of agrave and important character, but the
great mass of our legations in Europe might be
dispensed with without harm to any national
interest and with some profit to our finances.
So, too, in South America. What have we to
do that requires the service of our numerous
representatives there? Next to nothing. If
we cannot dispense entirely with our South
American legations by clothing our consular
agents there with diplomatic functions, we can
at least consolidate them into half their pres-
ent number without hazard to any political
interest, and so lessen the expenses of the
Government.
Why, sir, it is a notorious fact that while our
commerce with many of these States is much
less than that of Great Britain, our foreign
service is vastly more expensive than theirs.
And the same is true throughout Europe.
Take, for instance, Holland in 1868. The
United States had a trade with that country
amounting to $7,000,000 annually, and main-
tained there a legation and seven consular offi
cers at an expense of $23,000. Great Britain
had a trade with Holland of $133,000,000, with
a legation and five consular officers, at an ex-
pense of $40,000. Prance had a trade with
Holland of $40,000,000, and maintains a lega-
tion and four consular officers, at an expense
of $30,000. Take Prussia as another illus-
tration: the United States had a trade with
Prussia in 1868 of $30,000,000, with a legation
and nineteen consular officers, maintained at
an expense of $52,000. Great Britain I^d a
trade of $225,000,000, with a legation and
seven consular officers, maintained at an ex-
pense of $75,000. France, with a trade of
$230,000,000, maintained a legation and five
consular officers, at an expense of $60,000.
The case is much worse when we come to
Brazil, Chili, and Peru. With Brazil the Uni-
ted States had a trade of $18,000,000, with a
legation and eight consular officers,maintained
at an expense of $45,000. Great Britain had
a trade of $48,000,000, with a legation and five
consular officers, maintained at an expense of
$65,000. France had a trade of $61,000,000,
with a legation and only three consular officers,
maintained at an expense of $35,000. In Peru,
Chili, and other South American Governments
our disadvantage was even greater than in
those cases to which I have now called atten-
tion. Such being the facts in respect to com-
merce, I do not see that there' are any polit-
ical considerations which should, prevent our
reducing largely our diplomatic corps.
Why, sir, diplomacy originated, if not in the
dark ages, at least in an early stage of modern
civilization, and at a time when international
transactions were carried on secretly, and by—
" Ways that were dark,
And tricks that were vain,"
rather than by an open and frank and manly
intercourse based upon international law, as
in our day. Reasons, therefore, existed in
those old centuries of ignorance and violence
for maintaining ministers at foreign courts
which do not exist to-day. Intercourse, too,
between distant countries is much more rapid
now than it was in the olden time, when diplo-
macy was established. Why, sir, we are within
a week or ten days of London, Paris, and Ber-
lin ; we are within four weeks of Yokohama,
and may hold hourly intercourse with the
prime minister of every one of these Govern-
ments on great matters of State. Besides, sir,
experience teaches us that whenever any ques-
tion of prime importance comes up for con-
sideration we rarely give to our established
ministers the privilege of settling them. We
send out a commissioner or special agent im-
mediately, instructed by the Government at
home to negotiate and transact these great
matters of State. If that is so, why not bestow
upon our consuls general diplomatic power to
dispose of all ordinary matters in these smaller
States of Europe and South America? It cer-
tainly would be a very great saving to the Gov-
ernment, and we should lose but few if any
political advantages resulting from the present
system.
But, sir, the very same causes which have
operated to render many of our missions un-
necessary have tended to make the services of
consuls vastly more important than they were
in the olden time. The increased facilities for
intercourse and an interchange of ideas has
greatly increased commerce, and with it the
demands for commercial agents to guard the
interests of trade and to protect the rights of
our citizens abroad.
But, sir, are our commercial agents, as a
rule, under our present system of appointment,
prepared to fulfill the duties which devolve
upon them ? How rare it is that a consul is
appointed on account of his knowledge of the
language of the people to whom he is sent;
how rare that he understands anything of com-
mercial or international law !
Who are the men appointed for the most
part? Not unfrequently they are students just
out of college, who understand Sallust and tlie
Principia, but know nothing of trade or manu-
factures ; or they may be men who have played
an important pare in packing caucuses and
conventions at home, and in doing other more
essential and useful political work, but utterly
ignorant of the cost or nature of the materials
which enter into the fabrics or other merchan-
dise which constitute the staple of our imports.
Most are appointed on account of their claims,
and few on account of their fitness to perforin
the duties of the service. And so it happens
that our revenue interests suffer to the extent
of many thousands, and our commercial inter-
ests to the extent of many millions, of dollars
annually. New consuls, and especially such
as are frequently appointed under the present
system, are unprepared to sift and expose the
tricks in a fraudulent invoice, by which Gov-
ernment is defrauded of its dues. All invoices
of merchandise have to be examined and cer-
tified to before a ship can leave the ports of
the country in which the consul is appointed
to serve. It will readily be seen, therefore,
that the inexperience and unfitness of con-
suls are sources of loss both to trade and the
national revenue.
A very large part of the importing of this,
country is carried on by foreign houses. Many,
of these foreign importers' are Je"ws; and a
consul new to the business and utterly ignorant
of trade and the duties of his office is not pre-
pared to protect, the interests of American
importers against the undervaluation and other
tricks of these Jewish-houses. He does not
understand the value of imports, is ignorant
of his rights as a consul, and of the tricks of
trade; and'therefore it is that these Jews are
driving [ our own merchants from legitimate
trade and defrauding the Government. Hun-
dreds of thousands, nay millions of dollars'
worth of merchandise is brought annually into
our country that never pays a dollar of duty,-
simply because our consuls abroad do pot
understand or neglect their business and cer>-
tify to improper invoices. Hence I think all
must admit that the present system of ap-
pointment in the foreign service is entirely
defective.
But, sir, what have been some of the effects
upon the home service of the policy that "to
the victors belong the spoils?" The early
practice of the Government in this matter has
been departed from, and we are getting further
and further from the old ways. During the
eight years of the administration of Washing-
ton there were only nine removals and new
appointments.
Mr. NYE. How many appointments had
he to make?
Mr. PATTERSON. Not fifty thousand, as
we have to-day ; but he did not remove all he
had, as we are in the habit of doing now when-
ever a new Administration comes into power.
During the administration of Mr. Adams there
were ten removals, and one of these, the head
of a Department, was removed for cause.
During the eight years of the administration
of Jefferson, although he came into power
after one of the most heated political contests
which have ever transpired in this country, and
although he brought a new party as well as a
new Administration into power, and was ex-
pected by his political friends to make great
changes, only thirty-nine removals were made.
Madison made five, Monroe nine, and John
Quincy Adams two removals.
But when General Jackson came into power
he established what may now be called the
great political axiom of the Democratic party,
that " to the victors belong the spoils ; " and
since then, at the incoming of every new Ad-
ministration, we have a complete sweeping out
of all the office holders not in harmony with
the incoming Administration.
Sir, what were the views of some of the
fathers on this policy then introduced ? Here
is the opinion expressed by Henry Clay in his
speech in the Senate on the 26th of January,
1832, in opposition to Mr. Van Buren's nom-
ination as minister to England :
" I have another objection to this nomination. I
believe, upon circumstances which satisfy my mind,
that to this gentleman is principally to be ascribed
the introduction of the odious system of proscrip-
tion for the exercise of the elective franchise m the
Government of the United States. I understand
that it is the system on which tlie party m his own
State, of which he is the reputed head, constantly
acts. lie was among tbo first of the Secretaries to
apply that system to the dismission of clerks in his
Department, known to meto be highly meritorious,
and among them one who is now a Representative
in the other House. It is a detectable system, drawn
from the worst periods of the Jtlonian republic, and
if it were to be perpetuated—if the offices, honors,
and dignities of the people were to be pnt up t,o a
scramble, and to be decided by the results of every
presidential election—our (Government and institu-
tions, becoming intolerable, would finally end in a
despotism as inexorable as that of Constantinople.
I read next a passage from a letter of Presi-
dent Jefferson to Mr. Madison, written on the
29th of November, 1820:
" This is the sample of the effects we may expect
from the late mischievous law vacating every tour
years nearly all the executive offices ot the (govern-
ment. It saps the constitutional and salutary func-
tions of the President ;nid introduces a principle of
intrigue and corruption which will soon leaven the
