664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1249) to authorize the circuit court of the
United States in the State of Indiana to make
partition of the Miami reserve ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1250) to regulato the compensation of
pension agents; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. REVELS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1251) to incorporate the Grand Tabernacle
of Galilean Fishermen ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. E. No. 291) to confirm sale? of
Shawnee Indian land in Kansas made under
the direction and with the approval of the
Secretary of the Interior; winch was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to take up the
bill (S. No. 1156) increasing the pensions of
disabled soldiers and sailors and the widows
and children of deceased soldiers and sailors.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators on the
right have morning business.
Mr. B011EMAN. I ask leave to introduce
a joint resolution, and I desire its present con-
sideration.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a jijint resolution (S. II. No. 292)
to amend a joint resolution relating to steam-
boats arid other vessels owned in the loyal
States, approved December 23, 18G9; and" it
was read twice. It provides that the joint
resolution relating to steamboats and other
vessels owned in the loyal States, approved
December 23, 18(39, be amended by adding at
the end thereof the words "or in conformity
with the laws of the United States."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That ought to be printed
and go to a committee, 1 submit to my fiiend
from West Virginia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BOKEMAN. _ The point in this joint
resolution is a very simple one.
J-lie VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont withdraw his objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think it right to
consider general business in this way, without
any report of a.committee, especially against
bills that have been considered by commit-
tees, reported to the Senate, and are awaiting
action—one that £ am trying to get up now
that ought to be acted on one way or the other.
It may be that my friend's bill is perfectly
right ; I have no doubt it is, because he intro-
duces it ; but it is not a good way to do busi-
ness I submit to him. The committee can
examine it and report to-morrow.
The joint resolution was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
NEW DISTRICT J All..
itlr. HARRIS submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the District nf
he '3?tnYcte? V^ir" into the expe-
diency of providing by law for the erection of a new
otherwibelU B District, and,to report by bill or
committee on disorders in the south.
Mr. MORTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
, Resolved, That the special committee appointed to
investigate alleged outrages in the southern States
nave leave to report fr9m time to time, assuits their
convenience, and to sit during the sessions of the
faeaate.
Mr. BAYARD subsequently said: Mr. Pres-
ident, just now a resolution was offered, and
I believe passed the Senate without any yeas
and nays being called upon it, in relation to
the sessions of the special committee of invest-
igation respecting the affairs of the southern
States. That resolution provides, as I under-
stand, that the committee may sit during the
sessions of the Senate and report from time to
time. I wish to move its reconsideration ; and
I will state myreasons for doing so. The reso-
lution did not come from the committee; it
was not considered by the committee, nor
suggested by them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is before the Senate if it is insisted upon. The
Senator from Delaware moves t,o reconsider
the vote by which the Senate agreed to the
resolution offered by the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Morton.] It will be reported, subject to
a demand for the regular order. The Chair is
informed that the resolution has been sent to
the Secretary's office. The Senatorfrom Del-
aware, however, has disclosed its contents. It
is a resolution offered by the Senator from
Indiana, granting leave to the select committee
on alleged outrages in the southern States to
report from time to time and to have leave to
sit during the sessions of the Senate. On the
question of agreeing to that resolution the Sen-
ator from Delaware moves a reconsideration.
Mr. BAYARD. I will state to the Senate
niy reasons.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator want
to consider his motion now?
Mr. BAYAHD. No. sir; it may be entered
now and considered hereafter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider will be entered.
library op congress.
Mr. HOWE. 1 present the report of the
Librarian of Congress. I move that it lie on
the table, and that the usual number be printed ;
and in addition I move that live hundred copies
lie printed incovers for the use of the Library.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report wiii
be laid on the table and printed ; and the reso-
lution for printing five hundred extra copies
will be referred, under the law. to the Com-
mittee oil Printing.
increase 01' pension's.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to take up Senate
bin No. 1150.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 1150) increasing the
pensions of disabled soldiers and sailors and j
of the widows and children of deceased sol-
diers and sailors.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with amendments. The amend merits were in
line three to insert the word " invalid " before
the word •'pensions;" in line four, after the
word "forces," to insert the words "and of
the widows, children, and dependent relatives
ot any of the same in line six to strike out
the word " by " and insert the word u under;"
and at the end of the bill to add the following
proviso:
. Provided, That said increase shall cease and term-
inate at tho expiration of five years fiom said last-
mentioned date.
So that the bill, as amended, will read:
That the invalid pensions of all officers, soldiers,
marines, and sailors, of the land and naval forccs,
ana ot the widows, children, and dependent relatives
oi any of tho same, granted or hereafter to be granted
under the provisions of general law, and also the
same pensions granted by special law, not in excess
of the rate-provided by general law for similar cases,
be, and the same are hereby, increased by the sum
ot twenty per cent, thereof, to commence on the
1st day ot March, 1871: Provided, That said increase
snail cease and terminate at the expiration of five
years from said last-mentioned date.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move further to amend
the bill, in line ten, by striking out the word
"first" and inserting the word "fourth;" be-
cause it will save a great deal of confusion in
keeping the accounts to have this little increase
commence on pay-day, the 4th of March, in-
stead of the 1st of March.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like the Sen-
ator to give some reason why this increase of
pension should commence now and continue
1'or five years. If it should commence at all,
how do we know that it should terminate in
five years? And why should it commence
now ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Both of those are valu-
able questions, which I would answer with the
greatest pleasure if I had time, but I am afraid
1 have sot. I presume, however, that my
friend from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] who has
charge of the special order will let me go on
for a minute or two. The reason for this
increase of twenty percent, to those who have
been disabled and to the widows of the slain
soldiers is the fact that, as a mass, these peo-
ple are in a suffering condition. The pensions
that we give them are not adequate, nor half
adequate to their support; and we are ap-
pealed to every day in hundreds of cases to
make special exception in favor of this one or
that one on.the ground of merit; and when you
have examined the case you find it is exactly
like ten thousand others.
That is the reason for the increase at all,
that the country having produced this suffering
by the natural results of its warfare, it ought
to go as far as it can in relieving it; and now
that the aggregate amount of pensions payable
is beginning sensibly to decrease, from natural
causes, the getting well of those who are dis-
abled, the deaths of others, the marriages of
others, the arriving at the age of sixteen of
others, we thought we could afford to con-
tinue to pay just about what we are now pay-
ing, from thirty to thirty-one or thirty-two mil-
lion dollars a year for five years, until prices fall
more and these people who are in distress shall
be better able to take care of themselves.
Then if it should happen in the course of five
years that there is occasion for further exten-
sion, it can be granted ; but if the country
should he restored to its normal attitude of
specie payments and cheap living, it may well
terminate. We fix the period of five years,
because since the foundation of the Govern-
ment that has been the rule of legislation in
such circumstances. That is the only reason
for putting it at five years. ' These are our
motives in presenting the bill, and I trust they
will commend themselves to the unanimous
approval of the Senate.
advances uy tiie states.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
has expired.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator from
Illinois to yield for a few moments.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill of the
Senator from Illinois is the special order, but
under the fifteenth rule ofthe Senate the unfin-
ished business pending at the adjournment on
Friday last has priority, which is the bill (S.
No. 508) to refund to the States the interest
and discount on money borrowed to equip,
pay, supply, and transpoit troops for the ser-
vice of the United States in the recent \var.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest that that be
laid aside informally.
Mr. MORTON. As several Senators desire
the reference of that bill, to reimburse the
States for interest on advances, to the Com-
mittee on Finance for the purpose of ascer-
taining two or three points, and believing that
the committee will report it back promptly, I
am willing that that reference should now be
made ; and I hope, when reported back, the
bill will be put promptly on its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] to refer the bill with
the amendment of the Senator from Connec-
ticut [Mr. Buckingham] to the Committee on
i mance.
The motion was agreed to.
