1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1491
Wisconsin:
La Pointo, Ureen Bay;
N cw York :
Hew York:
Wyoming Territory:
Shoshono; at $2,00y each, $122,000.
For pay of fifteen special agents for the following
special agencies, namely:
Montana:
Milk River:
Calilornia:
Mission;
Arizona:
Pirao and Maricopa, Colorado Kiver, Papago,
Moquis, and Pueblo.
Iowa:
Sac and Fox;
Nevada:
Pi-Ute. Pyramid Lake;
Colorado:
Denver:
Utah Territory:
Northwest Shoshone;
Washington Territory:
Tulaiip and Quinaielt;
Oregon:
Klamath apd Alsea; at 81,500 each, $22,500; and
all other agencies, special agencies, and sub-agen-
eies heretofore existing are hereby abolished: Pro-
vided, That it shall be the duty of the President
to dispense with the services of such Indian agents
and superintendents herein mentioned as may be
practicable: and where it is practicable he shall
require the sanio person to perform the duties of
two agencies or superintendences for one salary;
and the Department may direet an agent to report
directly to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. COLE. On behalf of the Committee
on Appropriations I oppose this amendment.
It will disorganize tbe system as it now exists.
These agents have been appointed by a long
series of acts of legislation, running through
many years. The salaries are fixed by law,
and the bill as it is reported proposes to ap-
propriate for them in accordance with those
laws. Another objection is that it increases
the amount. It seems that every time we reor-
ganize or roll over this concern the amount of
expenditure increases like a snow-ball. The
amount, if this reorganization takes place, will
be increased by many thousands of dollars.
I hope, therefore, it will not be agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. What the honorable Sen-
ator says is true, that the agents who are now
employed have been authorized by a large
number of laws, enacted some of them fifty
years ago or more; but a large number of
them are acting without any authority of law
whatever, and in some cases mentioned in this
bill there are appropriations made for Indian
agencies that do not exist in point of fact ; but
the Department will take the money and
apply it to some agency where the services are
needed and for which no provision of law has
been made. The Committee on Indian Affairs
thoaght it would be better to change the law
in this respect and to name the existing agen-
cies, the precise number that are now needed,
and to make the appropriations for their sal-
aries specifically, and to abolish all other pro-
visions of law authorizing other agencies. I
think it is the better way—and that was the
unanimous opinion of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs—unless you desire the Department
to proceed and attempt to carry into effect a
service in the ragged manner in which they
have been proceeding for years past.
1 ought to state that the amendment pro-
vides for the increase of the salary of the
agents. The salary of Indian agents, as fixed
by existing laws, is $1,500 a year; and this
amendment proposes to increase the salary to
$2,000. The principal reason for this is that
it is supposed now that the agents app ointed
are honest men, and will not be expected to
steal any part of their support; and it will be
necessary to appropriate a reasonable amount
for that service. It has become notorious, it
has become a scandal, we meet it in all the
public journals, that Congress appropriates
salaries so small that it is impossible tor an
lionest man to perform the service and live on
the salary; so that if he accepts the office it is
with the tacit understanding that he is to steal
n sufficient amount to enable him to live. I
think this is the common belief all over the
country; and there are very few members of
thin body, perhaps, who believe that a man
can take his family among the Indians and
live on the present salary.
The laws require Indian agents to live with
the Indians, and the Department prefers to
appoint agents who have families, wives of
their own, to send to the Indians. The laws
require them to live with the Indians ; and if
they do this, it is thought that you will not suc-
ceed. perhaps for a very long period of time, in
securing honest men at $1,500 a year. There
is no one connected with the service now who
thinks that you can command the kind of ser-
vice needed for that sum. No one would regret
raising salaries more than I would above the
amount that will command the service that is
required; but, of course, in executing the laws
on this subject we want capable and honest men;
and it is obvious, I think, to everybody that
you cannot command such service for the sal-
aries now provided by law unless you find
benevolent men who are willing to donate their
services, in part at least. I do not think this
nation ought to require this.
There was no dissent of opinion among the
members of the Committee on Indian Affairs
nor with those who are connected with the
service. The commissioners who were ap-
pointed under a special act to supervise the
service all agree that the salaries of the agents
ought to be increased for the purpose_ of
securing that kind of service which the civil-
ization and welfare of the Indian tribes require.
Now I have said all that I desire to say. If
the Senate think it is best to proceed with
the salaries that are provided for under exist-
ing laws, so be it. I fear, however, that the
result of this e'ffort to change the policy from
that which is supposed to be very irregular
to a regular course, that will meet with the
approval of a civilized community, will fail
unless this change is made.
Mr. COLE. I think the Senator from Iowa
may possibly be mistaken in supposing that
some of the agencies for which we are about
to appropriate are not authorized by law. There
was a proposition in the book of estimates
for pay for something like half a dozen agents
that were not authorized by law, but I believe
that all the sixty-two provided for in the bill
are authorized by various separate laws ; some
authorizing three, others four. One law, for
example, authorizes four for New Mexico, an -
other three for Oregon, another three for Cali-
fornia, another six for the Indians east of the
Rocky mountains, and another one for this,
that, and the other tribe, and so on through.
I believe they are all provided for by existing
laws. I will state, in order that the Senate may
vote intelligently on the subject, that this
amendment will raise the amount of the appro-
priation for this branch of the service over
forty-one thousand dollars.
Mr. HAUL AN. I call for the yeas and nays
on this amendment. I want the judgment of
the Senate upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the yeas and nays
are ordered, I wish to express briefly the
reasons why I shall vote against this amend-
ment.
When the new Indian policy was adopted no
one dreamed that the clergymen or preachers
of the different denominations sent among the
Indian tribes would within the first year after
their appointment ask for an increase of their
salaries of more than thirty per cent., of nearly
forty per cent. Thepay given to an Indian agent
now is $1,500 a year; but in addition to that
he has a house furnished him, he has ground,
a garden, and usually he has the services of
quite a number ot Indians, so far as they may
be made available for any useful or indus-
trial purpose. He has a home. You give an
Indian agent $1,500 a year, although the appro-
priation for the entire tribe may not exceed
$40,000, so that the agent receives many times
the pay that is given to any one in the region.
It is true the §1,500 isnot sufficient to give
him the luxuries he might enjoy in civilized
life; it is not sufficient to give him the various
conveniences that we have here in Washington
or other large cities ; but a person who accepts
the position of Indian agent cannot, within the
Territory, within the place where by law he is
bound to live, spend the $1,500, unless he
spends it in purchases from outside the Indian
reservation.
An effort has been made before to raise the
pay of the Indian agents, but I never have
known it to be proposed to be increased in
this way. The Indian agents provided for are
about seventy or eighty. Their aggregate pay
under existing laws is $108,600. It is now
proposed to raise the amount to $114,500.
The clergymen that are now sent among the
Indian tribes are after all but missionaries. I
think they are doing a great deal of good
work; I think they probably will do more to
keep quiet and peace and comfort- among the
Indians than all the agents that have been sent
before them; but the amount we give them,
although it seems to us rather meager, is more
than is paid for a similar kind of missionary
service by any denomination of Christians in
the world. I have no doubt that good men
who go there for the purpose of promoting
Christian civilization can be found who would
be very willing to go there for the amount now
fixed by law. They cannot spend that sum.
Their wants are comparatively limited; their
means of gratifying their wants are very lim-
ited.
It seems to me, therefore, that it is unwise
for us by a single leap now to inaugurate this
new reform by an increase of salaries of about
forty per cent. The honorable Senator from
Iowa says that the former Indian agents stole
as a rule. We had better try the present sys-
tem with the old salaries and see whether or not
that will convert these preachers into thieves.
I do not think that it is so. I believe many an
Indian agent has gone out there and has per-
formed his duty and remained an honest man ;
but according to the common opinion most of
them turned out to be rogues. I doubt very
much whether it is wise now to charge the
whole of these people with having been ras-
cals and rogues and thieves.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
thinks I made such a charge he is very much
mistaken.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood the hon-
orable Senator to state that by common under-
standing all these people had been rogues and
thieves.
Mr. HARLAN. I did not intend to say so ;
I intended to say that there was a"*conviction
of that kind in the community, in the minds
of the people. We meet it every day in the
public journals. It is said that a man cannot
live on $1,500, and will steal the balance. I
spoke of it as a conviction on the minds of the
people.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt it would
be difficult for a man to live on $1,500 in the
city of Washington, or in any civilized com-
munity where the expenditures are very large;
but in an Indian tribe, where he can buy noth-
ing, where he has a house furnished him, built
by the Government, where he has a lot and gar-
den, and every incident necessary to support
life in an uncivilized country, it seems to me
it is a reasonable compensation. I hope,
therefore, that the Senate will not see proper
to raise the salary of this numerous horde
of officers at a single stroke at this time. In
regard to their being provided for by law,
I suppose that all the treaties provide for
Indian agents; and so far as we have treaties
with any of these tribes the law provides for
the office. In certain classes of eases, no
doubt, the law does not and cannot very well
provide for agents; but they are appropriated
for and are created just like our clerks are.
The most of the officers who surround us m
the Senate are not created by law or supported
by law; they are supported and depend upon
annual appropriations from year to year.
