1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
St
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Recommendations to Office—Mr. Patterson.
Senate.
als of inspectors, and the whole force is two hundred
and forty; so you can judge how often they were
rotated; the whole forcc was changed at least once
and a half during his administration, There is the
great fault. It ought to be corrected. Men are put
into office without any incentive to do right, without
being left in long enough to know their business,
knowing that they are liable to be kicked out at any
moment. Under the circumstances it is only aston-
ishing that we do as well as we do."
We had before us the oiher day a gentleman
who had been a weigher, who had been at the
head of one of the nineteen weighing divisions
in the city of New York. We asked him if there
were more men in those divisions than were
required to do the work. He said that on an
average there were three men in each division
not needed ; that they were put in there simply
to satisfy parties who asked for appointments
outside. I then asked him how much they re-
ceived, on an average, a year. He replied " a
thousand dollars." So that, in the nineteen
districts, there are fifty-seven men not needed
to fulfill the duties of their office, and they are
receiving $57,000 for doing nothing. They
come in the morning and report themselves and
go away. Some of them do not deign even to
come in the morning and report themselves to
the department, but are living out in the coun-
try. In one case an old apple-woman, who
sells apples at the corner of the street, had her
name for months on the pay-roll and drew
her pay in person or by proxy as a weigher.
[Laughter.]
Mr. TllUMBULL. Will the Senator from
New Hampshire allow me to ask him how
many men there are in a division? He said
there were three extra ones in each division.
How many men are properly in a division?
Mr. PATTERSON. I do not know the full
number in each division. But, sir, the cor-
ruption does not stop there. The inspectors
receive constantly money, in the form of bribes
or extortion, from passengers who are coming
to this country. Sometimes money is given
to them in envelopes; sometimes the passen-
ger is required to drop his two guineas into
a trunk or some other convenient place. A
distinguished member of one of the foreign
legations in this city told me that when he,
two years ago, came to this country, an in
spector asked him to drop two guineas into
the bottom of his trunk, when he had nothing
on which a duty could be collected; and other
passengers ou the same steamer were required
by the same inspectors to drop their two
guineas also, that he might be rewarded for
letting the passengers' trunks pass through
unsearched. # , .
These things are common. This Adminis-
tration is not responsible for their inaugura-
tion, but I believe it to be the duty of this
Administration, as it would be of any Adminis-
tration, to see that the evil is removed, and I
think there could be no such political capital
to any party as the reputation of having re-
lieved the country of these dishonesties and
these improper appointments. Root_ out cor-
rupt. men, men who have not the qualifications
to fulfill the duties of their office ; give us hon-
est, upright, able men to fill all places of trust,
and then the Administration will stand forth
with a prominence and a power among the
people which no Administration hitherto has
possessed.
Sir, we cannot have skilled labor under the
present system of frequent removal, and some
of thtse offices demand great skill in the dis-
charge of their duties. On the 1st of Septem-
ber, 1S69, Samuel J. Bridge, an appiaiser at
the port of San Francisco, being under exam-
inalion, testified as follows;
"It was not intended that appraisers should be
removed: thoy are not four yeais' officers. The col-
lector naval officer, surveyor, and district attorney
are tour years' officers, but the appraisers' terras do
not expire by limitation. They hold during the
pleasure of the President of the United btates; but
vet on the advent of every new Administration, as a
general thing, they are changed. They are experts;
they are judges. The appraiser is too valuable an
auxiliary to the Treasury Department to be changed,
and the Departmeutdoes in a hurry what it repents
of at leisure. A politician does not know the differ-
ence between an inspector and an appraiser, and of
course, asageneral thing, under thesecircumstances,
appraisers are removed." * * * * *
"There is no office under the Government that
requires such a variety of acquirements as that of
appraiser. He must know the languages of all coun-
tries sufficiently to translate the invoices; he must
know the currency of every country; he must know
the value ot everything abroad; what wool is worth
in Odessa and what it is worth in South America;
what iron is worth in Sweden, in Russia, and in
England. If a Jew can balance a piece of gold on
the end of his finger and tell you how many grains
it is light, if a lumberman can go into the woods
and strike a tree with an ax, and listen and tell
whether it is sound and how much- it will make, so
it is in the power of an intelligent appraiser, if lie
will bring his mind to it, to tell the value of things
abroad."
Mr. COLE. I wish to state to the Senator
that the remark purporting to have been made
by Samuel J. Bridge is contradicted directly
by his own experience. Samuel J. Bridge
himself had been an appraiser for several
years and through several successive Adminis-
trations, and after several changes of parties
had taken place, and that was, to a very epnsid-
erable extent, the case with the other men in
the same department of the custom-liouse at
San Francisco. They were not changed by
every successive Administration. So much
for the testimony of Samuel J. Bridge.
Mr. PATTERSON. I am very glad to hear
that, and Mr. Bridge ought to have written
over liis office door " e pluribus unum," for he
is certainly an exception in the tribe.
But, Mr. President, my objections to the pres-
ent system of appointments stand upon even
higher grounds than any yet mentioned. Sir,
the present system organizes an army of more
than fifty thousand, an army five times as large
as any Washington ever commanded, and sends
them forth into every hamlet and school dis-
trict of the country to do the work which is
requited of them by those through whom they
are appoiuted. They go there to pack cau-
cuses and conventions, instead of doing the
legitimate work which belongs to them as offi-
cers of the United States. I make no com-
plaint of individuals. I make no complaint
that persons in office have strong political and
personal predilections, but of a system which
is open to infinite abuse.
My friend from Nevada said yesterday that
he did not believe that anybody but a Repub-
lican was fit to hold office. If he confines that
simply to elective offices, and those leading
positions which impress their character upon
the policy of the Administration and determ-
ine the political events of the time, I fully
agree with him : but it is not absolutely neces-
sary that a man should be of one stripe of poli
tics or another in order to audit an account
properly. It is not absolutely necessary that
he should be a Republican even, to exam-
ine the merchandise that is taken off a^ ves-
sel. His appointment is not to fulfill political
duties, but to fulfill the duties which devolve
upon his office; it is simply business work
which he .is required to accomplish. I, of
course, wish all men in office and out were
Republicans, but I do not want this eonvul-
.sion in public business every four years by
turning out and appointing fifty thousand
men; and it is no more necessary to the inter-
ests of party than that a merchant or man-
ufacturer should require one kind of politics
only in his works. I contend that this prac-
tice is a source of weakness; for if you make
fifty thousand zealous political friends by ap-
pointment, you make five times that number
of malcontents and opponents by disappoint-
ments. .
Now, sir, what are some of the results ot
sending out this immense body of men all over
the country ? In the first place it has a tend-
ency to create great political excitement and
so to shock and convulse the country every
time there is an election by throwing into the
canvass such a body of zealous and fiery poli-
ticians, making the prizes of office an apple
of discord. In the second place it enhances
fearfully the corrupting power of patronage.
Such a weight of patronage is not enjoyed by
any monarch on earth. There is not a ruler
in Europe that has the appointment of fifty-
three thousand officers. Yet here, where wa
have a presidential election every four years,
where we have State elections every year, we
have this disturbing and corrupting element
thrown into every canvass by the theory that
to the "victors belong the spoils." Fearful
excitements consequently are raised whieh rook
the whole country in these political earth-
quakes that sweep over us in our great elec-
tions. I think, sir, we should go back to the
original practice of the Government, and put
men into office on account of their integrity
and ability to fulfill the duties of office.
But worse than this, by dividing executive
patronage with members of Congress it gives
to the Executive a dangerous influence over
legislation and to Congress an improper con-
trol of the Executive. It was said the other
day in debate that the present plan is neces-
sary in order to secure a more perfect political
organization and give power to the party, and
a high encomium was pronounced on the struc-
ture of the old Democratic party. 1 beg leave,
for one, to differ on that point. In an arr.iy
where the rank and file are composed of illit-
erate, ignorant men, absolute discipline is ne-
cessary, that they may move like a machine ;
but in a political party, iu a great, intelligent
country like this, I think the very reverse is
true. Such a party may for a single campaign,
or for a single year, or even a single Adminis-
tration, be more effective than a party differ-
ently organized ; but that kind of organization
suppresses individual thought, it destroys the
exercise of private judgment and the liberty
of the citizen, which are the elements of polit-
ical and social development and of advance-
ment in civilization.
I think that a republic is stronger than a
despotism, because it gives play aud verge to
individual thought and individual opinion.
Therefore it is that I believe the organization
of the Republican party is stronger than that
of tbe Democratic party in the long run: it
gives some right of individual opin ou on mat-
ters that come before Congress and State Legis-
latures; and that is what we need. TherQ
can be no progress without. it. The opposite is
simply the principle of despotism. That which
crushes out the very conditions of improve-
ment, that which says "You must walk in
the ranks, you must obey the dictum of the
leaders, whether it is right or wrong," is not
in accord with the genius of the Republic.
Now, sir, my opinion is that you had better
have a party that gives some liberty to the
individual to choose how he will acton mat-
ters not essentially political. In the larger
policy which determines the course of an
Administration on matters which constitute
the differentia of parties, of course there must
be harmony of purpose and unity of action,
but not on ali these minor matters which were
commented upon the other day. In closing,
sir, I affirm that there is no way to rid our-
selves of the evils of our present civil service
but to go back to the practice of the Adminis-
trations of Washington, of the elder and the
younger Adams, of Madison, and of Monroe,
and make our appointments iu consideration
of the qualifications, the ability, aud the integ-
rity of the appointees, and remove only for such
causes as would justify a discharge from pri-
vate employment. 1 am as anxious as others
for the triumph of my party, but I feel con-
strained to advoeate what I am sure is for tlio
safety and permanent welfare of the Republic.
