1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
665
Mr. JOHNSTON submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(S. No. 508) to refund to the States the in-
terest and discount of the money borrowed to
equip, pay, supply, and transport troops for
the service of the United States in the recent
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
INCREASE OF PENSIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is now before the Senate. Does the Senator
from Illinois yield informally to allow the bill
of the Senator from Vermont to be proceeded j
with, subject to a demand for the regular order? i
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir, for a few min- j
utes. |
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, i
x'esumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
1156) increasing the pensions of disabled sol-
diers and sailors, and of the widows and chil-
dren of deceased soldiers and sailors.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not the heart to op-
pose this increase to our'pensioners, especially
to those who are disabled, if the proper com-
mittee of this body says to us that they are in
distress, such distress as to appeal to the char-
ity of that committee. But 1 remind Senators
that this bill will increase our expenditures
$6,000,000 per annum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Between five and six
million dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. Between five and six mil-
lion dollars ; and it is one of the points that I
wish to make to-morrow when we come to
consider the bill for the repeal of the income
tax, together with a good many appropriations
that are being made at this session without
attracting any attention. I myself have not
seen in the condition of our pensioners any
such distress as is now represented ; but, as a
matter of course, the chairman of the commit-
tee is much better informed on that subject
than I at®. I am not disposed to undertake
the ungracious task of opposing an increase
of their pensions if it is deemed to be neces-
sary ; but it will certainly compel U3 to con-
sider the mode and manner of raising these
increased sums that have been voted and
will be voted, by this Congress at the present
session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is another question.
Mr. POMEROY. When I called the atten-
tion of the Senator from Vermont to it I thought
that this increase ought to be allowed to the
smaller class of our pensioners, those who '
receive eight dollars per month, because that
is a mere pittance if we have to support the
party; but an increase of twenty per cent, may
not be called for in the case of those who re-
ceive twenty-five dollars per month. I do not
know how that is; I have not examined the
question. I was going to move, if it met with
any concurrence at all, that this increase be
confined to those who receive eight dollars
per month, because that is manifestly just.
If they need a pension at all, eight dollars a
month is a mere pittance, and if they do not,
they should not have the eight dollars. I can
see reasons, which will commend themselves
to every man, why an increase should be
allowed those who receive but eight dollars;
but I have not been forcibly impressed with
the idea of giving an increase of twenty per
cent, to those who get tweHty-five dollars or
more per month.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sure the Senator
from Kansas will do the Committee on Pen-
sions the justice, as I have no doubt all other
Senators will, to believe that we have not in
our previous conduct shown that we are ex-
ceedingly reckless in the direction of allowing
pensions. If we have committed any errors,
they are probably in the other direction.
Now, a word as to the reason why we have
made this increase a uniform one ratably upon
all. In all cases of invalids, I wish to tell ray
friend that those who receive the highest pen-
sions are those who need an addition the most;
those who have lost both eyes, poor fellows,
or both feet, or are totally incapable, in the
language of the existing law, to do anything to
take care of themselves, absolutely helpless in
the world. Then, when you come to the cases
of widows of high officers, we find them to be
of such a class and in such a condition that
almost every Senator in the course of two or
three years last past has introduced a special
bill for the relief of some one widow who has
been to him and told him her story and con-
vinced him that her pension ought to be in-
creased above the rate that the general law
provides, the highest possible, that is, thirty
dollars a month; and wky did she come rather
than anybody else? Only because it was pos-
sible and convenient for her to reach somebody
where her petition and appeal could be heard,
and she only spoke the voice and repeated the
tale of woe and suffering of a thousand other
widows in the land exactly like her who have
not been able to make themselves heard. We
have reported against such bills over and over
again, not upon the ground that they were not
meritorious in themselves, but upon the ground
that it was the duty of the country to do equity
equally and uniformly among all classes of the
widows of its soldiers. So the committee think,
and I certainly am very much impressed with
it myself, that this increase at the same rate in
the higher grades of pensions does not make
the bill unequal on the whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.^
Mr, CORBETT. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the committee whether this bill makes
the pensions of the higher grade uniform ? We
passed some special bills for the relief of cer-
tain widows, as he has stated, some time ago,
and I do not know but that they are repealed
by this bill. I wish to know whether those
widows of brigadier generals or other generals
are placed on a equal footing under this bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. There are a few cases of
the widows of high officers, to whom special
relief has been granted in excess of the rate
provided by general law, who are still receiv-
ing those pensions in excess, and it was once
by operation of law repealed: but we were
again appealed to, and the Senate, I think
unanimously, at the last session thought that
although we had done an unwise thing to give
a rate outside of the usual one, it would not be
honorable to take it back, and therefore they
were restored. But this bill, my friend will
notice, does not increase those pensions at
all; it only increases those special ones that
are not now in excess of the rate provided by
general law.
Mr. CORBETT. I have not examined the
law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We make that provision
expressly.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wished to know
if it increased those also.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE PltOJI THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 2688) for the relier pf the
former occupants of the military reservation at
Point San Jos6, in the city and county of San
Francisco, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. It. No. 3809) for the relief of
Henry C. Anderson and William B. Critch-
field, late soldiers of the thirteenth Iowa
infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 2815) for the relief of
Samuel Hitchcock ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2746) to allow defendants
in criminal cases in the District of Columbia
to testify in their own behalf, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2814) for the relief of
James Murphy ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 466) granting
condemned cannon for certain soldiers' ceme-
teries.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 270) for the benefit of the Industrial
Home for Destitute Children in the District
of Columbia.
The message further announced that the
House insisted on its amendments to the bill
(S. No. 849) to authorize the sale of certain
lands reserved for the use of the Menomonee
tribe of Indians in the State of Wisconsin,
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate
oh the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. William H.
Armstrosg of Pennsylvania, Mr. James B.
Beck of Kentucky, and Mr. Aarox A. Sar-
gext of California managers at the same on
its part.
The message likewise announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 594) to pro-
vide a government for the District of Colum-
bia, with an amendment, in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolutions ; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 2777) for the relief of
Henry H. Hoy t, late of the fifth regiment Wis-
consin volunteers ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 72) providing
for the repair of the inclosure of the cemetery
at Harper's Ferry, West Virginia; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 349) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to settle
the accounts of Richard R. Peebles, of Austin
county, Texas, late collector of the port of
Galveston, Texas.
* RECOMMENDATIONS TO OFFICjE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
298) to relieve members of Congress from
importunity, and to preserve the independ-
ence of the different Departments of the Gov-
ernment, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Morrill, of "Vermont, to
the amendment reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary was to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause and to insert the following:
That hereafter it shall be unlawful for any mem-
ber ot cither House of Congress, or Delegate from a
Territory, verbally, or in writing, to solicit, recom-
mend, or advise the President of the United States,
or any head of a Department,-or of any bureau
thereof, to appoint any person to office or employ-
ment; and it shall be unlawful for the President or
any head of a Department or bureau to make any
appointment so solicited, recommended, or advised
on the privity of the applicant; and any person who
shall violate this act shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
and, on conviction thereof, shall be fined not.exceed ■
ing $1,000: Provided, That this act shall not apply to
the action of Senators upon nominations submitted
by the President to the Senate, nor to any advice,
verbal or in writing, which may be offered at the
request, in writing, of the President, or any head of
a Department.
TheamendmentofMr. Morrill, of Vermont,
was to insert at the end of the reported amend-
ment " nor to any advice, verbal or in writing,
which maybe offered at the request, in writing,
of the President or any head of a Department."
Mr. MORTON. Before the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wtilson,] who is entitled
to the floor, proceeds, in answer to the alleged
abuses in the Departments of employing double
the number of clerks that they need and em -
ploying persons wanting in qualifications, I
desire simply to have read letters that I have
received from various heads of Departments.
I will first ask the Secretary to read a letter from
the Secretary of State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts yield for that purpose ■
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
