666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department op State,
Washington, January 16,1871.
Sir: I hare the honor to reply to your verbal re-
quests for information as to the clerical force of this
Department.
1. Qualification for clerks. The general standard
of qualifications for clerks in this Department is sup-
posed to be higher than in some of the other Depart-
ments, tbe work being of a more confidential nature,
and generally requiring an education of a broader
scope than in the other Departments.
2. Force compared with the work done. The office
hours of this Department are longer than those of
the other Departments. The clerks work faithfully
during those hours, and are nevertheless frequently
obliged to work over hours. The hours are from
nine and a half to four. The clerks are very gen-
erally detained beyond four, and very frequently
several of them return and are engaged until from
nine to ten, and even eleven o'clock at night.
3. Whether any clerics can bedispensed with. None
of the force can be dispensed with without doing
injury to the public'service.
4. The general character of the clerics. They are
industrious gentlemen, of good private characters,
and correct lives, many of them gentleman of un-
usual culture and acquirements. It would not be
easy to replace thein, as a whole, on the salaries
allowed by law.
5. Whet her subjected to competitive examination, as
required by the act of 1853. The act of 1853 contem-
plates an examination (on the entry of a clerk into
the Department) by the head of tho bureau or office
in which he is to be employed, and two other exam-
iners, to be selected by the head of the Department.
The new clerks admitted into the State Department
are usually brought in, in the first place, as tempo-
rary or extra clerks, and their capacity and qualifi-
cations arc thus tested in the general work of the
Department before they are promoted to permanent
positions, or to bureau or office work, which is done
when their capacities have been more fully tested
by the Secretary.
6. Have any clerks, who have afterward proved in-
efficient, been urged upon the Department by members
ot Congress ? It is not known that any clerks have
been urged upon this Department by members of
Congress. All who have been appointed on tho
recommendations of members of Congress, so far as
known to tbe present Secretary of State, haveproved
to be efficient and faithful clerks.
Having thus answered your general inquiries, I
will add that it was thought advisable, on the 17th
ol December last, to address to tho chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations in the House, a letter
relating to the servicos and labors ot a part of the
clerical force of this Department, a copy of which I
have the honor to inclose. This letter exhibits in
detail the labor performed by the clerks therein
referred to, which may bo taken as an indication of
the general work done in tho Department, and also
a comparative statement of the extra clerks employed
in this Department (luring tho Administration of
Mr. Johnson, and during tho present Administra-
tion. •
You will observe that while the permanent forco
of the Department has been increased by three index
clerks, tho temporary, or merely clerical, force has
been reduced from an average of thirteen to an aver-
age of pix. I will only add that this increase of the
permanent force has been mado nccossary by the
establishment of a new division of work in the De-
partment, by which all the correspondence is now
daily and regularly indexed. I regard this as indis-
pensable to the good working and efficiency of tho
Department, The copy of tho "rules and regula-
tions for the government of tho clerks and employes
of tho Department," which I inclose, will explain in
dofcail how tho whole forco of tho Department is
employed.
I havo the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
HAMILTON iTSIL
Hon. 0. P. Morton, United Stales Senate.
Mr, MORTON. I now submit two commu-
nications from tho Secretary of the Treasury.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Washington, D. C., January 12,1871.
Sir : In reply to your verbal inquiry of this morn-
ing, 1 have tho honor to inform j ou that there were
in the ireasixry Department, exclusive of those in
?u/io"«ot EnBpv>n{: and Printing, March 4,
1869, 2,-118 officers and clerks; November 1,1870,2,143
officers and clerks; a reduction of 275 sinee tho
former date.
I am, very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. 0. P. Morton, United Slates Senate.
Treasury Department,
Office of the Secretary,
January U, 1871.
Sir: On Thursday last a letter was addressed to
you, at your request, showing a reduction of two
hundred and seventy-five in the number of clerks
employed in this Department from the 1st of March
1869, to the 1st of January, 1871. Thatstatement did
not include the clerks employed in the Bureau of
Engraving and Printing. The number of employes
in that bureau is increased or reduced from time to
time, according to the work to be done, and almost
entirely upon tho judgment of the superintendent
of that bureau.
The reduction of two hundred and seventy-five
clerks in the Department has been effected notwith-
standing that during the same period there was an
increase of forty-seven clerks in the internal reve-
nue office. This increase was rendered necessary by
the condition of the business when Mr. Delano
entered upon the duties of Commissioner, the settle*
ment of the accounts of collectors being then very
much in arrears. During the last eighteen months
considerable progress has been made in bruising up
the suspended business of the office; but it has not
yet roached the point when we have only to deal
with the current business.
I inclose herewith a copy of & letter prepared
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and
addressed to the Secretary of the Treasury, which
sbows very clearly the reasons for the additions that
have been made, and states also the necessity for
continuing the present force until the work hereto-
fore suspended has been performed.
It is undoubtedly true that there are persons in
the Treasury Department who are not, in the full
sense of the word, qualified for the performance of
the duties in which they are engaged; but this num-
ber is very small in proportion to the whole number
employed. In the reductions that havo been made
it has been my purpose to discharge those who
wore the least qualified; and,in accomplishing this,
I have in most cases accepted as final the opinion of
the officer in charge of the bureau or division in
which the reductions were made.
It is also true that I have given weight to such
considerations as long term of service, old age,
extreme poverty, ill-health arising while in the ser-
vice of the Government, service in the Army and
Navy during the war, wounds, loss of iriends in the
war on whom dependence was naturally placed for
support, &c.; and in giving consideration to these
circumstances I have sometimes retained clerks for
whom more competent substitutes could be found.
But even these cases are not numerous enough to
affect materially the general conduct of the work in
the Department.
It may notbeoutof place forme to say thatduring
my experience at the head of the Treasury Depart-
ment the cases have been so raro that I cannot recall
five in which a member of Congress, or any one
else, has assumed to demand an appointment or
removal in tho Department as a right, either per-
sonal or as attaching to the State or district rep-
resented; and such right, if asserted, has never been
recognized by me.
Very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. 0. P. Morton, United States Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I submit also a letter from
the Secretary of the Navy.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Navy Department,
Washington, Janmry 18,1871.
Dkar Sir : I have received your note, and in an-
swer bog to say that the whole number of clerks in
the Department and tho several bureaus thereof
is fifty-three. This is eighteen less than were em-
ployed previous to the 4th March, 18GU. Of these
eleven havo been appointed since tbe coming in of
the present Administration and all-on the proper
knowledge and test of their fitness, and to fill
vacancies mado by resignations, except in a single
instance. The number employed is not sufficient
to do the current work of the Department during
tho session of Congress-; and the records of several
of the bureaus are behindhand, and getting moie
so everyday, and answers to calls of Congress aro
often improperly but unavoidably delayed,
I do not now recollect that any of theappoirftments
of clerks made by me have been on application of
members of Congress.
Yours, very lebpectfullv.
GEOllOE M. ROBESON,
Secretary of the Navy.
IIox. 0. P. Morton, United States Senate.
Mr. MORTON". I submit also a communi-
cation from the Postmaster General.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Post Office Department,
Washington, D. C., January 16,1871.
Sir : I am in receipt of your threeinquiries, under
date of the 13th inst., and shall reply to them in the
order in which they occur.
1. Whether any more clerks are employed in your
(this) Department than arc necessary to do tho
work?
In reply I beg leave to say that, in my opinion,
there are no supernumerary clerks employed in this
Department. On the contrary, I am convinced
that the present force must be augmented to meet
the requirements of the service, which is constantly
on the increase, particularly in the new States and
Territories,
2. What is the character of the clerks in your (this)
Department and their qualification for their duties?
Upon consultation with the heads of the different
bureaus, and from my own personal observation, I
am satisfied that the clerks generally are men of
good character and are well qualified for tbe dis-
charge of the duties to which they are assigned, and
that they discharge their duties faithfully and effi-
ciently.
3. Whether the clerks in your (this) Department
are subjected to the competitive examination re-
quired by the act ot 1853?
It is the uniform practice in this Department to
cause all applicants for clerkships to be examined as
to their qualifications and fitness by aboard of three
examiners, as required by act of March 3.1853, (page
211, No. 10 Sfcatutes-afc-Large.) and to appoint only
those who have passed a satisfactory examination.
I have the honor to bo, &c.,
JOHN A. J. CRESWELL.
Postmaster General.
Hon. 0. P. Morton, United State* Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I submit a memorandum
from the War Department furnished by tbe
Secretary of War.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"Since the close of the war there have been reduc-
tions made from time to time in the force of clerks in
the War Department, by legislation and the orders
of the Secretary, to the number of  . These
discharges have been nearly all in the nature of
retrenchment, and the Department has. in making
reductions of force, invariably adopted the policy of
retaining those who from largo experience and intel-
lectual merit are of most importance to the public
service. The general efficiency of the clerical force
is excellent, and there have been fewer removals for
political reusons than in any other Department.
"The work of the Department arising from the
war has been enormous, and much increased by
legislation ; and Congress, by inquiry or enactment,
at almost every session adds largely to the current
work. It is the practice to afford to Congress, the
Departments, the courts, and to individuals the in-
formation requisite to settle claims for pay, bounty,
pension, supplies, property, damages, &c., to correct
the rolls and records, to remedy the many acts of
injustice to individuals due to the hurry of war times,
to answer the inquiries of friends at home and abroad
regarding the fate of missing soldiers, and to utilize
for the future the experience and statistics ot the
war.
"A large number of the clerks have been either
volunteers or soldiers of the regular Army. Per-
sonal esteem and official zeal are wisely stimulated
by the interest, which superiors display toward their
subordinates, by caring for their health and grant-
ing them indulgences for conspicuous devotion to
duty.
" The examination law of 1853 is always observed
in original appointments. In promotions, which aro
only made for merit, fitness, and length of service,
the examinations are not so strict, the capacity of
tho candidates being already well known.
"It is believed that the amount of work done by tho
clerks of tho War Department will compare favor-
ably with that performed at private establishments,
and this is a fruit of the system adopted of promoting
only tho«e who have distinguished themselves for
their abilities and faithful service.
"The force has been scarcely sufficient to perform
the current work and dispose of the vast mass of old
business remaining from the war; but no increase is
recommended, as it is believed that a reorganization ;
which has recently taken place, both in the methods
ot business and in the disposition of the force, will
enable tho Department, in time, to dispose of the old
war business/'
Mr. 1RUMBULL. If the Senator from
Massachusetts will give me the floor for a mo-
ment. In consequence of this exhibition of
testimony which has been presented here by
the Senator from Indiana, one would suppose
that he mistook the main object of the bill
under consideration. Certainly the bill under
consideration is intended to reach beyond the
Departments in Washington, though it does
reach there; but that is incidental, one of the
small matters. The great objection to the
mode in which persons are appointed to office
is that it reaches out among the people, that
it demoralizes the people, that it is corrupt-
ing in its influence, and is calculated to bring
improper influences to bear in tbe congres-
sional districts and in the States. Representa-
tives get postmasters and revenue officers and
others appointed who become mere instru-
ments to electioneer for them. It is just as cor-
rupting as if money was offered. So in regard
to more general offices, where Senators use
their influence to have men appointed to this
office or that office, as Governor of a Terri-
tory or secretary of a Territory, or land officer
in a Territory, or general officers in a State;
the whole ot this machinery resorted to* by
men who think proper to use it m that way
becomes very corrupting and demoralizing.
Now, tho great point is not as to the offices
neie, though that is one point j and in regard
to that matter, and the testimony furnished
here, one would suppose that the Senator from
Indiana considered it necessary to defend the
heads of Departments from some attack upon
™em* Why, sir, no attack was made upon
the heads of the Departments any more than
an attack is intended to be made upon Sen-
ators or Representatives. It is the abuse, it is
