m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25,
SfiNATE.
Income Tax—Mr. Sherman,
41st Cons....3d Sess.
Income Tax.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN SHERMAN,
PF OHIO,
In the Senate of the United States,
January 25, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration the bill (S.
No. 1088) to repeal so much of the act approved July
14,1870, entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes,'' as continues the income tax
after the Slst day of December, A. D. 18S9—
Mr. SHERMAN said:
Mr. President: The proposed repeal of the
income tax necessarily involves the considera-
tion of our whole financial policy, and cannot
be hurried through upon the interested clamor
of the comparatively few persons affected by
it. Nothing is more pleasing than to repeal
taxes, and it would "be easy to show that the
repeal of any tax now levied would give relief.
The income tax is now only levied upon those
whose good fortune it is to enjoy large prop-
erty, or whose salaries or profits lift them far
above the pressing wants that rest upon the
great mass of our people. The possession of
large property and the ability to earn large
income necessarily give to those enjoying this
income great influence over public opinion.
They speak through the daily press, from high
official stations, from great corporations, trom
cities where wealth accumulates, and with the
advantage of social, personal, and delegated
influence. I know the power of this influence.
Besides, the income tax is subject to some
objections which touch the pride and feelings
of the influential class upon whom it is levied.
From the nature of the tax it must authorize
some espionage into the private affairs of indi-
viduals, especially if fraud is suspected ; but
in this respect it has been greatly changed and
modified. It now stands as a lax of two and
a half per cent, on gross incomes over two
thousand dollars. If this income is capital-
ized at $33,333, which, at six per cent., would
yield $2,000, il stands as the equivalent of a
property tax of one and a half mills on the
dollar on property in excess of $33,333. It is
the only tax levied by the United States that
falls upon property or office, or on brains that
yield property, and in this respect is distin-
guished from all other taxes levied by the Uni-
ted States, all of which are upon consumption,
the consumption of the rich and the poor, the
old and the young. I make this the simplest
division of taxes—taxes upon possessions and
taxes upon consumption. As the income tax
now stands, it is estimated that it will yield
$12,833,000 out of an aggregate revenue of
$820,000,000, or about four per cent, or one
twenty-sixth part of our aggregate revenue.
And it must be remembered that the income
tax by its terms expires in two years, while we
cannot hope that the other taxes will be either
short lived or in their aggregate results will be
greatly diminished.
And now, sir, it is proposed to single out
this tax from all the others—this tax that bears
most severely upon us and upon those best
able to pay—and to repeal it, leaving undis-
turbed, unrepealed, and undiminished all the
taxes that bear upon the consumption of the.
necessaries of life. Now, sir, if I consulted
my own interest, my own ease, my own ad-
vancement, I would yield without resistance
to what is the evident current of opinion here,
and let the income tax go. I would yield to
the impulsive feeling of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] who, when the sub-
ject was mentioned on Friday, demanded that
the income tax be repealed that night, before
■we went home. I would no longer contend
with personal friends who regard this tax as
odious and oppressive ; but my own conviction
is so clear that its repeal now is wrong, both
in policy and justice, that it becomes my im-
perative duty to state the facts and reasons
fully and clearly upon which this opinion is
founded.
And, sir, it is due to the Committee on
Finance, to whom this bill was referred, and
who fully and fairly considered it, to submit
to the Senate the considerations which induced
them to report against this bill. That com-
mittee is charged with the broad subject of
our public finances, embracing in its range not
only this tax but all the other taxes levied by
the national Government, and the still more
important subject of our currency and public
debt. They are expected to look with more
care than others into the effect of a proposed
measure upon our general financial system.
The cries of the few who complain of the
income tax easily reach the ears of all of us,
but we must inquire whether we can grant
their wish without doing injustice and wrong
to the whole mass of our people; whether we
can disturb the present adjustment of the bur-
dens of taxation without danger to other inter-
ests more important, or by shifting the load
upon others less able to bear it.
The members of that committee are no more
in favor of taxes than other Senators ; but we
have to keep our eyes constantly on the ex-
penditures of the Government, and when you
direct these expenditures taxes must follow
upon the track of your appropriations with as
much certainty as the waves ot the ocean seek
their level. And not only must we follow
your appropriations, but we must constantly
consider the effect of a surplus or deficient
revenue upon the value of your currency and
the public debt. If it is of primary import-
ance to approach specie payments and fund
your debt at a lower rate of interest we must
maintain our revenue and our reserves on a
stronger basis than if we had only to meet our
current expenditure. In the debates we have
had on this income tax Senators seem to think
that we could save enough in some way to
enable us to repeal the income tax, and per-
haps, if the Committee of Finance had power
to limit appropriations, it could be done. We
all know how idle a task this would be. We
take your action as the basis of our labor, pro-
pose taxes only as demanded to meet your
appropriations and the laws relating to the
public debt, and only seek to maintain such a
margin and such reserves as are demanded by
the highest considerations of public policy.
When those objects are secured we are right
glad to be able to repeal taxes, and to repeal
those that bear most heavily upon the people.
No man elected by the people is likely to
retain taxes when unnecessary, while many
may be tempted to repeal them when prudence
forbids it. It is charming to appropriate
money and repeal taxes ; it is often the high-
est duty to oppose either. Such I conceive is
our condition now.
1 think I can demonstrate—
First. That it is not wise to disturb - the
financial measures of the last session except
to remove ambiguities or meet new facts devel-
oped since the last session.
Second. That the state of our revenue and
expenditures will not now justify the repeal of.
any taxes.
Third. That the modification or repeal of
the income tax should be postponed until, by
a general revision of our whole revenue system,
we can determine what taxes bear most heavily
upon our people, and distribute the reduction
so as to give them the greatest relief.
Fourth.. That the repeal of this tax will affect
injuriously the higher objects, namely, the
funding of the public debt and the resumption
of specie payments.
I know, Mr. President, that this is a broad
task ; but I believe that if Senators will give
attention to the facts I shall submit to them,
I can make at least an honest effort to dem-
onstrate each of these propositions.
The income tax was an essential element of
the financial legislation of the last session. It
was fully debated in both Houses, and formed
a part of a series of measures that was and
ought to be regarded as a whole. I insist that
we should not disturb these financial meas-
ures except to remove ambiguities or to meet
new facts developed since they were adopted.
The facts now submitted to us by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury show that our estimates
last summer were accurate. Some portions
of these measures are not yet in force. The
entire reduction of taxes made will not occur
until after May 1. Why then exhibit the
feebleness of uncertainty ?
Not only were these measures fully discussed
here, but they were approved by our constit-
uents at the last election. Wherever the Re-
publicans succeeded it was in consequence
of these measures and of the general financial
policy of the Administration. Wherever we
lost it was in spite of these measures, and
mainly by local dissensions. Our financial
measures strengthened us everywhere, and
were a weakness nowhere. These measures
were the currency bill, the funding bill, and
the bill to reduce taxation. The currency bill,
by enlarging the limit of banking circulation,
satisfied a local grievance,by givingtothe West
and South an opportunity to establish banks
upon the same footing as in the eastern States.
And yet a little time lias proven that there is
no great demand for new banks, no idle cap-
ital to invest in them, and no need of more
circulation. A right withheld is a grievance,
even if when granted it is not used; and 1 trust
that this right will be reserved to the States
in the Wrest and South until they can absorb
the circulation granted by that bill. 1 con-
sider it fortunate that it is not too rapidly ab-
sorbed. But this should not be the pretext for
enlarging the circulation in other States until
we reach specie payments. In a short time I
hope the specie sections of that bill will be the
basis of our whole banking system, needing
only one center of redemption and a prohibi-
tion against the payment of interest on deposits
to make it the best banking system in the world.
The funding bill, had it been promptly passed
in the form reported to the Senate, would
have led to the conversion of at least five
hundred millions of our six per cent, bonds
into five per cent, bonds before the war in
Europe, thus saving §5,000.000 per annum.
But the refusal of the Senate to grant the
Secretary of the Treasury indispensable facil-
ities in negotiating the exchange greatly im-
paired the bill, and the delay in the House,
and their limitations on the rate of interest,
so crippled the loan that, even if the war in
Europe had not occurred, its success must
have been partial. The enlargement of the
five per cent, loan to $500,000,000, authorized
at this session, may enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to take advantage of a favorable
state of the money market to redeem the first
loan of five-twenties with new bonds, and thus
save $5,000,000 of annual interest. The fund-
ing bill is now very much as the Senate passed
it, but without the sections as to the banks.
The bill to reduce taxation was the largest
measure of relief from taxes ever passed in a
single measure by any legislative body in the
history of mankind. It was a repeal of taxes
to the amount of $81,266,748. It swept away
the taxes on employments and sales—-the most
indefensible and unequal of all taxes—and
it reduced to one third the tax on income, and
to one half the taxes on such prime neces-
saries of life as are imported from tropical
countries. Every tax that was retained was
carefully scrutinized, and only one of them,
the tax on income, is a tax on the property of
the rich, as distinguished from the consump-
