1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
the thing we object to. I have as much con-
fidence in the ability and integrity of the heads
of the Departments as the Senator from Indi-
ana. it is the system that compels a certain
state of things to exist in the Departments that
is objectionable. I do not know that the heads
of Departments could do any better. I said
in my remarks the other day that they were
dependent upon Congress, and did not feel at
liberty to act entirely independent of the tec-
oinmendations of members of Congress.
But the Senator brings in here the testimony
derived from the Departments themselves.
That is not the place to go. To find out if
there is an existing abuse in a Department you
must not go to the persons who are* engaged
in that Department. The subordinates here,
doubtless, all think they are very important
persons 
Mr. JlOIiTON. Will the Senator allow me
one word to explain the reason I offered this
testimony ? Iam aware that the Senator's bill
goes much further, but I call on the Senator
from Illinois to remember that a large part
of his speech the other day was devoted to the
Departments here and the abuses in the De-
partments here in the employment of too many
clerks, of men who were wanting in qualifica-
tions, and so on. It was intended to meet
that part of my friend'3 remarks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is true thatlalluded
to that also. I was about saying to the Sena-
tor from Indiana that the place to go to get
correct information upon that subjeet is not
into the Departments themselves to inquire
about these persons from them. You must get
the information from outsiders, from indifferent
persons. If there are in the Departmentsper-
sons who are put in from political considera-
tions and supernumerary clerks, does the Sen-
ator from Indiana expect that to be exposed
by asking such a person whether he is a super-
numerary or not? That is not the way to get
at it. But I will give the Senator a little tes-
timony that does not come from interested
parties. I will give the Senator a little inform-
ation that comes from persons who were in a
position to know what the facts were.
A committee of the two Houses of Congress
have been investigating this subject for a long
time, and I will read what that committee say,
for the information of the Senate, and that it
may bo seen what the real facts in regard to
the public service are; and it will appear that
my statement the other day was based upon
well ascertained facts on investigation. I am
not to be put in the false position of saying
that all these clerks are incompetent and
supernumerary. I am aware that some of the
very best men in the country hold positions in
the Departments and discharge their duties
faithfully, and I had no idea of having it sup-
posed by the Senator from Indiana, or any-
body else, that I meant to assail in gross every
person connected with the Executive Depart-
ments of the Government. I do not believe
any such thing. But I believe that great abuses
exibt under our system, which ia adopted, and
which the heads of Departments have been
compelled to conform to, and I do not know
that other persons would have done any differ-
ently or any better; it is no new thing with
the present heads of Departments. That was
my point. Now, I will read, from a report of
a joint select committee of the two Houses
of Congress on this very subject, a few sen-
tences, that the Senator and the country may
know what the facts are:
"The result of this system, or rather want of sys-
tem. has been that persons have been received into
the service as officers of the Government who have
had to be educated in the duties which they are to
perform after receiving their commissions, and with-
out any probationary course, during which their
qualifications for the office might be tested._ And in
cases where there has been manifest inefficiency on
t.hopnrt of the appointee, and where a disposition
has been shown to do as little for the public service
as was necessary to satisfy the minimum require-
ments in his office, the political influences which
secured the original appointment have been able to
prevent a removal."
; Does the Senator from Indiana hear what a
, committee appointed by the two Houses of
; Congress, and who investigated this subject,
say ? They say that the political influences
i which secured the original appointment have
: been able to prevent a removal."
"The public service has thus been used 'as an in-
strument of political or party patronage,' and the
1 officers composing it have not been, except in rare
instances, selected for their qualifications, have not
been promoted for merit, and bare had no certain
or definite tenure of office, and afe subject to be
dismissed at any time without notice and without
cause.
"The committee have therefore comcto the con-
clusion that a great saving in the public expenditure
can be effected by raising the character of all branches
of the civil service." * * * * *
" The committee are satisfied that, if a system sub-
stantially liko that set forth in the bill reported
should be adopted in this country, the same amount
of service could be obtained at about two thirds of
the present expenditure."
In the papers accompanying this report it is
stated:
"It is known that men have been appointed as
custom-house inspectors, at compensations varying
from one and a half to two and a half or three dol-
lars a day. who were never required to perform a
single day's service, and whose only attendance at
the custom-house was for the purpose of receiving
and receipting for their pay."
That is the report of your committee.
" One of the obstacles in the way of bringing these
custom-house employes to a proper sense of what is
due from them to the Government has been the idea
that they were appointed to their positions in con-
sequence. and perhaps in payment of services ren-
dered to the party having possession of the Govern-
ment, or of some friend to whose political influence
they* conceive themselves indebted for their posi-
tions, and who they imaginecan alone displacethem."
* * * * # # * * $ *
" Of the officers employed in the New York custom-
house it is believed a majority of them have no
special qualifications for their places and little knowl-
edge of the law under which they discharge their
duties, while the estimates presented to the com-
mission of the annual losses experienced by the Gov-
ernment through the frauds perpetrated in connec-
tion with this institution range from twelve to
twenty-five million dollars."
Mr. COCKLING. May I inquire from what
the Senator is reading ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am reading from a
report made to the House of Representatives
by the joint select committee who investigated
this subject.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Made when?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Made on the 81st of
January, 1867. I bope, as the Senator from
New York interrupts me at that point, that a
better state of things obtains now, and that
there is no truth in the reports which I see in
the newspapers that the New York custom-
house is now being used for the purpose of
turning out competent and efficient clerks who
discharge their duties faithfully to the Govern-
ment, butwho are notactive enough politically,
and for the purpose of putting in persons who
can perform more political service and less pub-
lic service to the country. I hope there is no
truth in those reports.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me, I desire to say that had that report which
he reads been made in reference to the condi-
tion of things at present or recently in the New
York custom-house I should be very much
surprised at it. And further, although I have
not read the statement to which the Senator
refers in the papers, yet with considerable
knowledge of the facts to which those reports
must relate, I undertook to say that they are
without foundation, speaking very moderately
of them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No doubt that is the
Senator's opinion; but this was a report made
by a joint committee of the two Houses of Con-
gress, and I think before this debate is over
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Pat-
terson.] who has recently been investigating
this subject in the city of New York, will be
able to show the Senator from New York by
sworn testimony that there are to day persons
in the custom-house at New York not perform-
ing service there. What I read is from the
appendix to the report of " Mr. Jes&kes, from
the joint select Committees on Retrenchment
of the two Houses of Congress." He made
this report on the 31st of January, 18G7. I
will read further:
" It ought to he clearly understood by the people
oi the country tha'. a continuance of this laxity in
the management of the customs revenue is equiv-
alent to increased taxation, and that every dollar
taken from the revenue under various pretenses in
this department must necessarily be made up by an
equivalent assessment." * * * * *
" The commission consider it imperative that some
action should be speedily taken by Congress on this
subject, and that the necessities of the country
should override any advantages that now may accrua
in the distribution of patronage in the revenue de-
partment of the Government. Good men—honest,
competent, and efficient—should be sought out and
placed m all the positions requiring tact, skill, and
judgment, and on such salaries as will enable them
to live and continue honest. They should, more-
over, hold their situations by such assured tenure
as to induce application and faithfulness. Thus
would the Government have the benefit of exne-
rience, every year glowing more and more valu-
able."
Mr._ President, that is from a report of a
committee. Now I want to read from what
was said in this Chamber less than a year ago
in a debate in regard to these Departments,
and said by the chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee of this body, familiar with the condition
of things. The Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] in a speech made in this body on the 26th
of May last, said:
" "Every man of sense knows that he can go to any
of these Departments and cut off one half of the
clerical force and yet leave a sufficient force to per-
form all the duties. If others do not know it, I at
least have a very strong conviction on this point.
There is scarcely a Department of this Government
in which, if conducted by a private individual as he
would conduct his private business, or the affairs of
a private corporation, he would not notonly reduce
the compensation of these employes, but reduce
largely the number of the employes. Who does not
know that this is so in every one of the Executive
Departments?"—Congressional Globe, Forty-First
Congress, Second Session, volume 5, page 3846.
That is the language of the chairman of the
Finance Committee of this body last May iu
regard to this very subject; and since the Sen-
ator from Indiana has introduced the papeis
which have been read here to day I have been
informed by a Senator upon this floor that you
may go into the Departments at almost any
time of day and you will not find half the clerks
employed; and if the Senator from South Car-
'olina ha3 no objection, I would like him to
state his knowledge in regard to the employ-
ment of clerks in the Departments, as he has
had occasion to visit them.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I have had occasion
very frequently to visit the Post Office Depart-
ment and theTreasury building. 1 have noticed
the doors of the rooms mostly open, and I have
taken it upon myself to look aud see who were
employed in those rooms; and, upon an average,
I have not found more than a fifth of the clerks
in those rooms employed. 1 am sure that I see
them generally either engaged in conversation
among themselves or reading newspapers. 1
think that the Departments, in all probability,
could dispense with a great many of their clerks
and make a less number do all the work. In
fact, in the Post Office Department particu-
larly, I know of one clerk who has not been at
the Department, as I have been informed, for
twelve months, but draws his pay regularly.
I have complained of this myself to the
head of the Department, and told him it was
wrong. He said the clerk was kept in there
by some political influence, and mentio'ned the
name. I told him that if that clerk was not
dismissed or was not put to work I would
introduce a resolution in Congress inquiring
why some clerks are kept in Departments and
paid for doing little or nothing, while persons
who are out of the Departments cannot get
employment there though they are equally
needy, and perhaps more so, than those who
are kept in there and paid without rendering
any service to the Government.
Mr. YATES rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts give way to the
Senator from Illinois?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mas-
