668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
sachusettsis entitled to the floor. It was by
his courtesy that I took it.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to the
Senator proceeding now, but I should like to
get a vote on the amendment to the amend-
ment before we proceed any further.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I have in-
tended since this question came up to make a
few remarks on it at some time, and I may as
well do it now. I shall not attempt to controvert
the idea that the present system is a bad one.
I presome I have said to my colleague a hun-
dred times that the present system was intoler-
able ; that it was almost a nuisance; but at the
same time, I maintain that if we would succeed
in reforming the present policy we must pre-
sent a better one.
I know that to Senators individually it is a
nuisance to be called upon to go to the White
House or to the Departments to get audience
with the President or his Secretaries, and to
go simply because your friend desires that you
shall go, because he says, '' I know that a word
from you to the President is all-sufficient,'' or
<:a word from you to the head ot the Depart-
ment is all-sufficient." It is onerous, especially
when you know that that word is not sufficient.
But, sir, before attempting to reform tiie abuse
we must be sure that the remedy we propose is
better than the evil that wo propose to abolish.
I know that such is the desire for reform in
the civil service that even the extraordinary
proposition of my colleague is gaining ground
in the country. One of the first papers in_the
United States has already undertaken to defend
and maintain the measure which he now advo-
cates; 1 mean the Chicago Tribune of my own
State.
My colleague's bill starts out with the prop-
osition that the Departments of the Govern-
ment should be distinct and separate. I admit
that that is the theory of our Government in a
certain sense ; but if wo examine the Federal-
ist, which I have before me, and Kent's Com-
mentaries, and Story's Commentaries 011 the
Constitution of the United States, and all the
authorities on the subject, wo shall find it to
he true that those Departments were never
designed to be separate and distinct. The
theory of our fathers was that this was a Gov-
ernment of checks and balances ; not that one
Department was independent of the other by
any means; but that where there was danger
of concentration of power in one Department
there was power given to another Department
by way of a cheek, by way of a balance. This
is the theory of the American Government.
There is no such thing, as contended for by
my colleague, as entire independence and
separation of the different Departments of
the Government of the United States.
Mr. President, look at it for one moment.
The Legislature, the Senate and the House
of Representatives, pass laws. But do they
make the laws ? By no means; because there
is a power that can say just one single
Latin word, Veto, 1 forbid. There is a check
upon the legislative power; there is a balance
upon the legislative power. The same is true
of the executive-branch of the Government.
The President has the power of appointment.
How ? By and with the advice and consent
of the Senate. Do you find there any inde-
pendence of the various Departments? Why,
sir, even the Senate of the United States
becomes in certain cases a judicial tribunal.
It sits as a court of impeachment of the execu-
tive department of the Government, of the
President of tho United States. Does this
argue complete separation between the differ-
ent Departments of the^Government?
Sir, it was never designed, it is not accord-
ing to the history of the Government, it is
not according to the traditions which have
come down to us from the fathers, that these
Departments were to be entirely distinct
and separate. They were to act together in
a spirit of harmony ; there was to be unity
of action one controlling the other, one a
balance upon the other, one a check upon the
other.
This is sometimes called a simple form of
government; and then, on the other hand, it
is called a complex form of government^ a
complicated system of government. Why, sir,
as independent as the legislative power of the
country is, yet we have it in the Constitution
of the United States that the-Supreme Court,
by its decision, may declare an act of Con-
gress a nullity. Where, then, is the independ-
ence of the legislative power? Sir, it was not
designed that these Departments should be in-
dependent, but that they should act in aid of
each other; that they should help each other;
that they should come to each other's sup-
port; that the legislative power should pass
the laws, subject to the veto of the President;
that the executive power should enforce the
laws ; that the judicial power should expound
and also enforce the laws. These- were the
designs of this Government, in many senses a
simple form of government, but in more a
complex system of government.
Mr. President, I maintain in the discussion
of this question that there should be no limit
to investigation upon the subject of appoint-
ments or any other measure that is to bs
adopted by any department of the Govern-
ment; that the President, in regard to appoint-
ments, should derive his information from the
best and from every source, fie should derive
it wherever he can get it, wherever he can
best administer the government of the United
States, whether it be from the Representative
or tho Senator, or whether it be from any
extraneous information or not.
Now, sir, let me say to my colleague, and I
say it to every Senator, that, if there are defects
in the present, system it is because they are in-
herent in the system itself of a representative
Government. There is the trouble. That is
the point that I make to my colleague and to
every Senator on this floor, that if there is a
defect is this matter of recommendations by
members of the Senate and of the House of
Representatives it is inherent in the repre-
sentative system itself.
I ask you, sir. why cannot a Representative
of a district, who knows all the people th.ere,
who has canvassed it perhaps twenty times,
and knows the character of the people, be
trusted in the matter of appointments as well
as in the matter of supporting measures that
are advocated by the people of his district?
Shall he represent the people of his district
or of his State in those great measures which
concern the welfare of our country, and even
the interests of mankind, and yet not be trusted
in the mere matter of appointments to office?
If iie can be trusted in the representation of
the measures, the policies, the designs, and
the wishes of his constituents, is it not absurd
to say that he shall not be trusted in the mere
matter of recommendations for appointments
to office? Therefore I repeat, if there is error
in the system, if there is abuse in the system,
if it is vicious, it is inherent in the represent-
ative character of the American Government,
and until some other plan which is better than
the present is proposed I must stand by the
plan which already exists.
Do we interfere with the President of the
United States in making these recommenda-
tions to-hiru? Does ho not make the appoint-
ments as he always did ? Is he bound by our
recommendations? No, sir, there is no inter-
ference with his appointing power except his
being subject to the advice and consent of the
Senate when his nominations are proposed in
executive session.
I find that I am fully sustained in these views
by the Federalist and other authorities ; that it
was never designed that these departments
should be distinct and separate. I have here
the review of Mr. Madison, extending over I
thirty or forty pages, in which he shows that j
every State, beginning with the State of Mas-
sachusetts, had these checks and balances, and I
from those provisions, beginning with the Col-
onies and then with the States, we derived the
idea of this magnificent representative Govern-
ment which has been so prosperous, and yet
with which a great many do not seem to be
satisfied.
I find also that the quotations of my col-
league from Mr. Cox and Mr. Mundella do
not favor his proposition in the least. The
arguments that are advanced by Mr. Cox and
Mr. Mundella are in favor of the competitive
system. Mr. Mundella seems to boast that he
has 110 superior advantages over the humble
artisan who aspires to office. But my colleague
says he does not go that far. He does not go
so far as* to establish the competitive system ;
but he goes far enough to destroy, upset, and
overthrow the representative character of the
Senator and Representative ; he goes further
than the mere competitive system ; and when
we examine the history of the competitive sys-
tem in England and in Europe we find that
it is liable to ten times more abuse than the
system of recommendations by Senators and
Representatives who are responsible to the
people, responsible to their States, responsible
to their districts, for any errors they may
commit. Why, sir, if there is a chance for
corruption, if there is an " open sesame" for
corruption, it is in these competitive boards of
examination where favors can be extended not
only by the recommendations of Senators and
Representatives, but where money figures, and
wheie any man can know exactly the questions
that are to bo put to him when he is to be
examined as to his qualifications for office.
Now, sir, 1 come to another branch of this
subject which is more serious, for I have ex-
amined it carefully. I have examined it with
my predilections in favor of any proposition
which might be offered to sustain this meas-
ure. But, sir, I now come to the proposition
that the proposed system is utterly impracti-
cable. It is an impossibility to secure the
best men for office unless we depend upon the
Representatives and Senators in Congress. I
refer you now to the course pursued by the
Post Office Department. An inquiry is made
about the establishment of a new office within
five or ten miles, of a county seat and the ap-
pointment of a new postmaster. You, sir,
being the Representative of your district, or
being the Senator of the State, the district
having no Republican Representative, the let-
ter is sent to you. What do you do ? Yon
do not know the facts yourself, but then you
know the men who do know; you know the
chairman of the central, committee of your
county ; you know this man and that man who
is a good man. You send to him for inform-
ation, and in the due return of mail you send
to the Postmaster General your nomination
for that office ; and I have not yet heard of a
single, solitary instance in which such a nom-
ination was not satisfactory. In the first place,
you were acquainted in the district, having
probably been the Representative of it once
or twice in the other House; .you knew the
people ; you knew their character ; -you knew
the men ; and the Postmaster General had no
other way in which to obtain a correct knowl-
edge of the character of the men who were to
hold those offices. If he wrote to the post-
master at the county seat that postmaster does
not want a new post office within five or ten
miles of him. If he wrote to the county clerk
or some other person the head of the Depart-
ment does not know what his .polities are.
Sir, this measure is utterly impracticable. I
believe the idea was first suggested by the
chairmam of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads that in distant portions of
our territory, in Illinois, in West Virginia, iu
Dakota, or on the western slope, who can teil
or recommend to the head of the Department
the proper applicant for an office unless it be
the Senator or the Representative who comes
from their midst and whose character is staked
on the result.
