1494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
upon ray word, this is the first time I ever
heard that we ran any such risk or any such
danger. What a grand band of aristocrats
these sixty-one Indian agents are who are
serving at $1,500 a year! How they endanger
republican institutions! How every Senator
ought to tremble when he thinks of the dan-
ger the country is in from the fact that all
the Indian agencies in the country are filled
by aristocrats! I think it would trouble the
mind of many of the Indian agents if they were
told that they held their office by virtue of
an aristocracy. They would want to know
where it was. I think if you would call on
any of them for their patent of nobility, or
their genealogical tree—their title-deed to dis-
tinction in the country—it would trouble them
very much to make out any claim to aristoc-
racy which would be recognized-in any part
of the world. No, sir; that will not do. This
is not a question whether it is right to have
high salaries or low salaries in general. It
is a question about these particular agents.
That is all there is about it; and the whole
question, as it seems to me, is this: if the pay
is insufficient to support them, you ought to
raise it; if the pay will not get good men, you
ought to raise it. But these offices are filled
now; the pay as it is has procured the men
who are now in office ; and if, therefore, you
raise it, on the ground that you cannot get
good men at §1,500, you condemn every man
who is now in office as an Indian agent as a
bad man; and I am not willing, without more
light on the subject, to do that.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President ,
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
have the rule applied to this amendment and
lot it be laid on the table if we cannot get any
vote on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nebraska is now entitled to the floor.
Mr. THAYER. I hope my friend from
Kansas will be a little patient. The rule does
not apply to me. Being a member of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, I voted against this
proposition to increase the salaries, and there-
fore I feel at liberty to oppose tbe adoption of
the amendment here, although I dislike to dif-
fer with my friend, the chairman of the com-
mittee. But coming from a section of the
country interested in Indian affairs, I have had
an opportunity to witness the workings of our
Indian system. Much has been said during
tbe past few years in regard to the manage-
ment of Indian affairs, and we have at every,
session of Congress heard these charges of
corruption and fraud practiced upon the In-
dians by Indian superintendents and Indian
agents. Much of what has been said has been
undoubtedly true, but much also has been said
which was not true. There have been great
exaggerations on this subject. But however
that may be, the result was that the public
opinion of this country seemed to demand a
change in the management of our Indian
affairs, and therefore the Indians were turned
over to the different religious denominations,
the Quakers among others. For instance, the
Quakers were assigned t*o the State which I
have the honor, in part, to represent in this
Chamber.
The first proposition which came from them
last session was an application for $30,000, as
a gratuity to be given to the six tribes within
the State of Nebraska, and, as showing the lib-
erality of this Senate, they voted it. although
there was no treaty stipulation calling for it,
against the protest of both the Senators in this
Chamber from that State; and the amendment
prevailed in the other House.
My reason for alluding to that is this: the
Quakers proposed to take charge of the Indians
in the State of Nebraska, and to manage them
according to their own judgment for the best
interests of the Indians and of the Govern-
ment. It was an experiment. I desired that
they should undertake the management of
those Indians upon the s%me basis, and under
the same restrictions, and with the same advan-
tages and disadvantages that their predeces-
sors had managed them, and thus show the
value of the experiment; but, lo, a bonus of
$30,000 was appropriated to these Indians, and
therefore the Quakers could accomplish much
more than their predecessors had accom-
plished. Now the proposition comes in for an
increase of the pay of all the superintendents
and of all the agents throughout the country.
The theory was that the former agents and
superintendents were guilty of stealing from
the Indians. Now, the argument is advanced
to-day that the salary of $1,500 for agents,
and $2,000 for superintendents, is not a suf-
ficient compensation. If so, it was not suf-
ficient for their predecessors. Then the rem-
edy was two years ago to increase the salaries,
and then you would have had honesty in the
administration of Indian affairs. But no; the
Christian denominations taking charge of these
Indians knew the salary of these positions just
as well as they do to-day. But now they desire
increased compensation!
I repeat, let these Christian denominations
take charge of these Indian affairs and manage
them for the same pay as other people had
done. What reason exists to-day for an in-
crease of the salaries of these men? It is sup-
posed that Christians and missionaries—or at
least that has been the idea through the world
in its previous history—do not labor for money
but for their love of the human race; that if
they have enough to live upon, t.o eat, drink,
and wear, they are satisfied. However, I do
not wish to confine them to that, but am
willing to give them just the same compensa-
tion which had been given to those who held
these offices previous to their taking posses-
sion. Let thempaid the same compensa-
tion ; let them take charge of these Indians
upon the same basis, and then you will know
what the value is of the experiment which
we are trying.
As a result of my observation in regard to
the Christian denominations I have come to
this conclusion: that human nature is just
the same the world over, just the same to-day
that it was two thousand years ago, and that
men of all denominations manifest just about
the same propensity and desire to make money.
I find that the Quakers and the other denom-
inations whose representatives have been sent
among the Indians manifest just as strong
a desire to make the dollar as their predeces-
sors did.
Mr. COLE rose.
Mr. THAYBIi. I hope my friend from
California will be patient.
Mr. COLE. I have been exercising all the
patience I could.
Mr. THAYER. I hope he will continue to
do so, for I was just about through. I say
give them the same salary that has been pre-
viously paid to those who formerly held the
same offices. I think it comes with a bad
grace from these denominations who were so
ready to take charge of these Indians that
they should now desire an increased compen-
sation for the labors which they profess to
perform as missionaries and as Christians.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not iutendto delay
the Senate by saying anything about this mat-
ter, but I must take this opportunity or none.
This is only one of a great many other propo-
sitions to increase salaries which may or may
not be right in themselves. I think in this
instance, if you are to measure salaries by ser-
vice, that it is right. I think I may say, and
every Senator here will agree with me, that if
you are to measure salaries by service, every
one of the Senators who hear me now ought
to have his salary raised.
I was in favor of the change of manage-
ment in the Indian department, and did all
that I could in an humble way to accomplish
that result, to defend the action of the Presi-
dent, which it must be confessed was, per-
haps, to the extreme verge of his lawful power
in inaugurating this system, as the law then
stood. I defended it; I defend it now; but
I do think that if after a year's experience
one of the first frtiits we are to have is that
these gentlemen who have been intrusted with
this' work come forward with a demand for
increased pay, it is very strong evidence that
a year has produced a diminution of piety
and an increase of avarice; and I say that
independent of any measure of value. But I
think it an unfit and an unwise thing, when we
have strained the law to put the management
of- Indian affairs into their hands, because they
were independent, and because they were vir-
tuous, and because they were willing to do
something for the public good without regard
to private emolument, to have here, at the end
of a year, an application that the pay of their
agents shall be very largely increased ;-for the
pay of those agents, it must be remembered,
is not out of proportion to the pay of all the
other honest agents of the Government in
every department of the service. Therefore,
there is no ground to make an invidious dis-
tinction, and to raise these salaries when you
do not raise all the others in the whole course
of the civil service of the Government. I hope,
therefore, as a friend of this movement and
this reformation, as a friend and well-wisher
of the gentlemen who are connected with it,
that this amendment may be voted down.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest most respect-
fully that some of the Senators who oppose
this small increase of salary had better give up
their present positions and take those of the
Indian superintendents.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is not anybody here
fit for it on the score of piety, at least north of
Mason and Dixon's line. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. I think the Senator would
make a capital one. [Laughter.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 33 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckingham, Carpenter, Corbclt,
Davis, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Lewis,
Pomeroy, Stearns, and Williams—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Boreman,
Cole, Conklins, Cragin, Edmunds, i'owlcr. Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin. Harris. Hill. How-
ard, Howell, Johnston, MoCreery, McDonald, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Nye, Pratt, Itobertson, Ross, S uv-
yer. Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Thayer,
Thurman, Vickers, and Warner—33,
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Brovrnlon*,
Cameron, Casserlv, Cattell, Chandler, Fenton, Ferry,
Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Osboin,
Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Saulsbury,
Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull,
Willey, Wilson, and Yates—29.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I move that at half past four
o'clock to-day the Senate take a recess until
half past seven. It is very evident that wa
cannot get through with this bill at any reason-
able hour this evening, else we would ''sit it
out;" that is, prolong the session unul six nr
seven o'clock, as some might wish. I think the
better course—and I have consulted several
Senators ou the subject—is to take a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object
to it. I think we had better not have an even-
ing session. We had better sit until half past
five o'clock. We do no business at night of
any consequence. There will be very little
done. I object to the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
California moves that at half past four o'clock
the Senate take a recess until half past seven.
Mr. CASSEliLY. At the instance of my col-
league once, and probably two or three times,
we have had night sessions. We tried that ex-
periment, and no one can deny that it was an
utter failure in each case. The very Senators
who voted for a night session stayed away;
we got a handful, here and in two cases not
even a quorum, so that my colleague, as acting
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
had to throw himself on the mercy of Senators
not to demand a count. What is the use of
sessions of a legislative body under such cir-
cumstances?
