30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[January 25,
Senate,
Income Tax—iifr. Sherman.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
tobacco, $6,000,000 on beer. These are the
official estimates, made upon the basis of tlie
previous returns.
Mr. SCOTT. I will state to the Senator
from Ohio that I made an estimate which I
dio cc' introduce into my remarks: taking
$55,000,000, which was the receipt from spirits
last year, and' adding the same increase of
percentage as last year, there would be an
addition there alone of nearly twelve million
dollars. .
Mr. SHERMAN". I am sorry to have to
dissipate the flattering anticipations of my
friend, by showing that even the estimates
made by the Department are now within the
last two months overthrown. They allow here
for an increase of the income from spirits. I
have now the official statement, made within
a few days, showing that the manufacture of
spirits has fallen off nearly one third. These
tables come from the internal revenue office,
made up within a short time.
I have a statement showing the number of
distilleries, their capacity, and their produc-
tion on the 1st of January, 1870 and 1871.
It shows that the number of distilleries iu
operation on the 1st of January, 1870, was
410; the number iu operation on the 1st of
January, 1871, 231. The daily capacity for
consumption of grain on the 1st of January,
1870, was 87,351 bushels of corn ; the daily
producing capacity in 1870 was 293,8-58 gallons
of whisky. That has now fallen off so that
the corn daily consumed is 55,271 bushels,
and the daily capacity of whisky production
is 192,160 gallons, showing a falling off of
nearly one third.
I have also another elaborate table, showing
that the amount of whisky on hand in the
market, some of which is in bond and some
has already paid tax, amounts to 45,037,933
gallons, showing an overstock on haud ; and
that probably explains the depression of the
price of whisky. Most of this has already
paid the tax, and is now in the market as
whisky on hand. The whole amount of it is
45,637,000 gallons, of which about two million
gallons are foreign spirits and the balance
domestic spirits.
The Senator from Pennsylvania seems to
think that this is a very flattering statement,
because if the quantity of whisky consumed
diminishes the other taxes will increase. So
they will, if you do not repeal them ; but they
are nearly all repealed, and now we have no
internal revenue tax excepton spirits, tobacco,
fermented liquors, gas, and a few other arti-
cles ; and you propose to repeal the great item
of the income tax.
Upon this statement of our receipts and ex-
penditures, which is certainly as favorable as
any man engaged in business would make, is it
wise for us to either increase our expenses or
diminish our revenue? I should be glad to refer
this, as a business question, to the honorable
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Buckingham.]
It he was conducting a business which yielded
him an income of §320,000,000, and required
an outlay of $310,000,000, subject to all the
■variations and fluctuations of our receipts and
expenditures, would he desire to diminish that
income?
The difference upon this showing would be
a surplus in the hands of the Treasury of
$10,778,680, with the chances all against ,us
that the estimate on spirits is too high, with w
certainty that theexpenditures we have to meet
will be increased; and now with a margin of
only $10,778,680 you ask us to repeal a tax
which yields §12,833,000, and to face the new
Congress, and perhaps the people in a presi-
dential election, with an absolute deficit.
Mr. President, as a matter of course, when
these facts and figures were presented to the
Committee on Finance we said, even those of
us who were in favor of repealing the income
tax, that we certainly would not vote in favor
of the repeal of the income tax until we could
substitute some other. This is upon the plain
showing of our expenses for the next fiscal
year. I think myself these facts ought to
settle this controversy so far as the income tax
is concerned now, But I wish to go a little
further: I promised to show the effect of this
repeal upon other financial questions of deep
and abiding interest.
I say that the repeal of the income tax ought
to be considered in connection with the revision
of our whole system of taxation ; that you can-
not single out a single tax like this, the only
tax that bears upon the wealthy as against the
poor, the only tax that bears upon property as
against consumption, the only tax that bears
upon sixty thousand people rather than upon
thirty or forty millions—you must revise the
whole system of taxation with a view to see
whether you cannot, if you have surplus rev-
enue to throw away, distribute that saving so
that all may have the benefit of some little
relief. It must be remembered that of this
income tax, which was levied during and since
the war, we have repealed two thirds, taking
off a larger proportion than we have of other
taxes. We could only afford to throw off one
third of the taxes upon the necessaries of life,
but we have relieved the income tax from over
two thirds at least of its burdens. Now we are
called upon to revise and supervise our work
iu this particular, andsweepawaythis tax with-
out considering the effect upon other classes
of citizens and other people who, like us, are
compelled to pay taxes.
Mr. President, when I come to contrast the
income tax with other taxes, while I concede
that there are objections to the income tax—
and I will state them presently—I must say
that there are other taxes which the national
Government is now levying that are far more
oppressive than the income tax. You take the
tax, for instance, on the necessaries of life,
sugar, tea, and coffee. What objection can be
made to the income tax that does not apply
to this tax, except one, and that is, that the
income tax is, from its nature, a tax of espion-
age, while the tax on tea, coffee, and sugar is
not? But the tax on tea, coffee, and sugar
takes from the little lump of sugar dealt out
in charity, or to penury, as well as it does
fiom the confections of the rich. There is no
argument of injustice or hardship that can be
mentioned against the income tax to be com-
pared to the tax upou tea, coffee, and sugar.
Take, also, the tax on saU, an article of prime
necessity; and ye,t we levy on that article
$2,000,000. So upon lumber. So on the
stamps, which reach every man's business and
every man's transactions, the sale of land,
every ordinary business transaction of life, and
yet nobody proposes to repeal the stamp tax.
That yields about the sum the income tax
docs, and a little, more.
Take the tax on gas ; take the special tax
on beer shops. We collect SI,700,000 by a
special tax on the sale of spirits and beer, and
the collection of that, as I will show you here-
after, costs about one third as much as the
collection of the income tax, yielding seven
times the amount.
Now, when you are copapelled to levy such
taxes as these, is it hard, is it unjust that the
wealthier mgn of our community should at
least be required to pay twice as much as the
drinkers of beer, as much as the people who
drink tea, one third of the tax levied upon
sugar, as much as that which is levied on coffee?
Is there something so inherently vicious in the
income tax that alter we have gone over this
whole subject, and gone to the extreme limit
of reduction, that we dared go and take
off $82,000,000, we should now at the closing
hours of this session go back to reconsider our
action and single out this tax alone, leaving
undisturbed the other taxes I have mentioned?
I do not think so. With all the desire I have
had to approach this subject without being
influenced by my previous views, with evei-y
desire to remove complaint, I cannot say, as
a Senator, that it is advisable or just, politic
or right, to relieve few comparatively who
pay this income tax while we are compelled to
levy taxes of this character. And, sir, when
this question was debated year after year in
the British Parliament, where every man was
the representative of property, the income
tax, after a suspension of twenty years, was
restored, and it has been maintained from that
time to this, and will be maintained until the
English people can repeal all the taxes upon
all the prime necessities of life.
Many objections have been made against
the income tax, and haite been made to day
by my friend from Pennsylvania, and have
been made in previous debates. I have not
very often sought to answer them, because I
thought they would answer themselves. But
let us look at them. I think I have grouped
them fairly ; but if I omit any objection that
has been made to the income tax I am willing
to pause and consider it.
The first objection is that it authorizes
espionage into a man's business. Well, sir,
so do all taxes. Your whisky tax authorizes
the most searching espionage, and assumes
that fraud is inevitable in the production of
whisky. Ah, but the answer is, a man who
makes whisky must be judged by a very differ-
ent rule fiom a man who has a large income.
Why? Whisky is a lawful trade, although
whisky produces a great deal of misery ; and
yet, no one complains that we send a gauger,
a detective, a spy to watch the whisky dis-
tiller ; but if we send a man of reasonable
presence to inquire into a rich man's income
that is espionage in the one case, but not in
the other !
Mr. President, we must not refine too greatly
upon these things. So take the case of tobacco.
Take the case of custom house duties. On
landing at the city of New York, as I have
done once or twice, what is the first thing you
meet? A custom-house officer. What does
he demand ? He wants to look at your trunks ;
he wants to spy into your baggage. The first
feeling is a feeling of resentment. I think no
man can arrive at a port from a foreign coun-
try where he first meets the custom house
officers without feeling angry that the Jaw
authorizes a private inspection of his coats and
pantaloons. But no custom-house laws can
be enforced unless this espionage is allowed.
It is not allowed for the purpose of interfering
with men or women engaged in ordinary travel,
but the espionage must extend to them in
order to reach the fraudulent importer or the
smuggler.
Another thing. There is not a State in this
Union which does not authorize more espion-
age iutoaman's private affairs than the income
tax law of the United States. In reframing
that law we struck out nearly all the offensive
provisions of the old law, and perhaps some-
what weakened its force by this anxiety to avoid
the charge of espionage, but even yet it does
authorize an inquiry into a man's income ; if
the assessor has reason to believe that a man
is_ fraudulently concealing his income he has
right to take the means to ascertain it, the
mildest mannered means that were ever put
into a custom-house or a tax law, and yet you
complain of that espionage. Whv, sir, every
State does it. TheState in which I live author-
izes espionage into a man's property : they
compel him to swear how much personal prop-
eity he has, what it is composed of, and they
put a long list ot questions to ascertain it.
1* theie any complaint made about that? And
\ el it is done in every State, and the espion-
age under this income tax law will not com-
