1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
Now, sir, should we not have as many bad
clerks under the proposed system as wehave
under the present system? So far as I am con-'
cerned, I agree with I he Senator from Indiana.
I believe that these representations about our
having supernumeraries are not well founded;
I mean to the extent to which the allegations
are made. We have—and so has every gov-
ernment, so lias every corporation, so has every
individual who is largely engaged in business—
supernumeraries; necessarily so. But this
.system is as perfect as any we can get. It is
the constitutional system. The Constitution
has its defects; but, as Mr. "Webster said, it
held out to the race of mankind and to us and
to our children the brightest hopes of human
happiness; it is the greatest bulwark of our
civil liberties; and when an attack is made
upon the power or the right of members of
Congress to recommend persons to office it is
upon the system itself, or the errors inherent
in the system itself, and nothing short of an
amendment to the Constitution can avail my
colleague or any other person on this floor
who seeks to bring about what he proposes,
for anything else is the suppression of our
rights as republican citizens; it is trampling
in the dust the sacred right of petition. We
have a right to present our petitions to the
President as well as to the Congress of the
United States. It is an encroachment upon
the rights of the individual, and nothing less
than a radical change in the Constitution of
the United States can accomplish the object
he has spoken about.
Just take this present system in practice.
There comes from Illinois a splendid man,
such as I saw yesterday, Hon. Jesse W. Pell,
from Bloomington, Illinois. He comes to my
colleague and to me, and says, "l£ou are not
permitted to recommend me; but I have been
to the President day after day, and I cannot
get audience; I cannot see the President. I
know that if you will get me audience I can
present recommendations so strong and pow-
erful that I can secure a nomination/' What
can we do, although we know that he is wrong
in his supposition? He believes he is right,
and is as good a man as you are, or, perhaps,
better. You take him up there to convince
him: and when you have introduced him to
the President of the United States he turns
right around, under another provision of this
bill, and says to the President, "if you want
to know about me, 3-ou can just write a little
note to Senator Yates or Senator Tiitjmbull,
and he will tell you all about me." There is
your system. You see you do not accomplish
your point or your purpose. It is impractica-
ble. Reforms in the civil service commenced
in this way will lead to ruin ; they will not be
appreciated or approved by the people.
Some Senator has remarked that appoint-
ments to office are the rewards of service to
the party in power, on the principle that "to
the victors belong the spoils." I care not
what any Senator says; all know that the
theory, the system upon which we practice, is
that to the successful party belongs the distri-
bution of the offices. When Mr. Clay and Mr.
Webster, with their overwhelming powers of
reason and eloquence, brought forward before
the country the idea that there must be no
appointment on account of political services,
against the cherished theory of General Jack-
son and the Democratic party that "to the
victors belong the spoils," the great contest
was made; and then it was decided. Although
very young myself at that period in the history
of our country, I sympathized with that beau-
tiful idea of Mr. Clay and Mr. Webster, and of
Thomas Jefferson, when he said that the only
question to be put to a candidate- for public
office was, "Is he honest; is he capable; is he
faithful to the Constitution?"
But, sir, that was not according to the sys-
tem of our Government. Why? _ Because
there were two parties; one maintaining one
set of principles and another maintaining an-
other set of principles ; and we knew, whether
in private or in public business, that the onlv
men we can trust to act for us are those men
who sympathize with us in our views and feel-
ings, and who are willing to carry out the sen-
timents and measures which we adopt. I do
not care, at this late day, to say that " to the
victors belong the spoils;" and yet, as a Re-
publieati, as one of that band which carried
the Republican party to victory and to tri-
umph, I do no hesitate to proclaim that not
a solitary man should be in office under this
Government who is not ready to carry out the
principles and measures upon which this great
party succeeded to victory. It is right; it is
the only way in which the agent can perform
the duties that devolve upon him as agent of
his principal.
Sir, I have thought it my duty'to say this
much. I have thought it my duty to say that
while this system is onerous, burdensome, dis-
tasteful, and intolerable, we must have a bet-
ter system, or we must change the form of our
government; that the policy we are pursuing is
one inherent in the system of representation.
With these remarks, Mr. President, I submit
the question.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the indica-
tions are that this bill is not to receive much
favor in the Senate, however much it may be
approved in the country. I propose to vote
for it, and to state briefly the reasons why I
shall give that vote.
Everybody admits that duriug the last thirty-
five or forty years great abuses touching ap-
pointments to office have grown up in our
country. During the first forty years of the
Government, to the close of the administra-
tion of John Quincy Adams, there were made
very few removals for political reasons. There
were a limited number of persons in office, and
most of them held their places through a long
series of years.
When the Democratic party came into power,
in 1829, a system of removals was inaugurated,
and the doctrine proclaimed in the Senate that
has just been referred to by the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Yates,] that "to the victors
belong the spoils." The number of offices has
largely increased. The changes of Adminis-
tration have brought about short terms for
office. Immense numbers of men have been
removed for political reasons, and everybody
throughout this broad land admits that there
are great evils in the country connected with
this system. The Senator from Illinois, while
opposing the present bill, has denounced this
system as odious, distasteful, and intolerable.
Well, sir, the Senator has but uttered the sen-
timent that runs through the whole country ;
and if we have a system that is " odious, dis-
tasteful, and intolerable," I think the time has
come to see if we cannot find a remedy.
I propose to support this bill, for the reason
that it begins at home, right here; by it we
legislate in regard to ourselves ; we undertake
to correct abuses with which we are personally
connected. I think it is always wise to begin
reforms at home; to pift ourselves right fir3t,
and then try to put others right. And there-
fore, sir, I propose to support this bill, because
it strikes at a great, growing, odious, distaste-
ful, and intolerable evil.
We all know, and it is utterly useless to dis-
guise the fact, that this matter of apportioning
out the offices of the Government in the sev-
eral States, to a great extent, has substantially
passed from the hands of the Executive into
the hands of members of the Senate and House
of Representatives. I am among those wljo
believe what the Constitution says, that the
legislative power is vested in Congress, the ex-
ecutive power in the President, and the judicial
power in the Supreme Court and the inferior
courts. I wish to act upon that theory. The
Constitution makes it our duty in the Senate
to pass upon the nominations that are sent to
us by the President. Now, how can we exer-
cise our deliberate judgments, how can we
pronounce, with a full and impartial sense of
duty to our country, upon nominations which
we have recommended, or which we have
joined others in recommending the President
to make ?
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. "What embarrassment is he under
if the man he has recommended he knows to
be a good one. And I know he would not rec-
ommend any other. I cannot see the embar-
rassment.
^ Mr. WILSON. The embarrassment is pre-
cisely this: a man maybe a good man; he
may not be the best man, or he may be the
best man; but our interests and previous com-
mitments force us to pronounce upon the case,
not after careful investigation and deliberate
judgment, but because we are committed to it
before it comes into the Senate.
I am not here to arraign Senators upon this
question. I have served sixteen years in this
body, with more than two hundred different
Senators. 1 think Senators are quite as hon-
est as other people. I have no sympathy with
the general outcry against Senators and mem-
bers of the House of Representatires, or other
men who are filling public station. I believe
that ninety-nine hundredths of the charges
made and published against public men are
false. But we are human; we are more or
less affected by what surrounds us, and by the
customs that have obtained here. I wish to
do in this matter of appointments as I would
in the case of the franking privilege, relieve
ourselves from all connection with it and re-
sponsibility for it, and let the President, the
executive officer,.take that responsibility. Let
him, upon such testimony as he can obtain,
make his nominations, and then when the
nominations come here we shall have no com-
mitments for them or against them. We shall
not have acted ; we shall be disinterested, and
we can confirm or reject according to the facts
that are presented for consideration in each
individual case. Sir, I want to see this Senate
in that position. I want to be in it. I want
to sit here and act upon every case according
to the facts reported by the proper committees
and the evidence that shall Ire developed by
discussion.
There is another evil growing out of this
system. Members of the House of Represent-
atives make recommendations to fill offices in
their districts. Nominations are made, and
members of the House troop over here and
tell us that these nominations have been made
for them, and make personal appeals to us to
support the nominees because they are their
special and particular friends. We, with that
general kindness of heart that I suppose we are
all presumed to possess, are very apt, before
even the hearing of the reports of our com-
mittees, before any of the facts for or against
the nominees are brought out, to say, " We will
support your friend," or, "We will do the best
we can for him." Sir, this system which has
grown np, by which members of the Senate and
of the House of Representatives take part in
securing these nominations, unfits this body
to properly perform its constitutional duties
in regard to the confirmation or rejection of
nominations. The present system which has
obtained in the country has, to a great extent,
unfitted us to discharge, according to the in-
tent and meaning of the Constitution, our high
duties. Therefore, sir, I shall supportthis bill.
I prefer the original bill introduced by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Teumbcll.] All
I want is to declare it unlawful for members
of Congress to make these recommendations,
and let the Senate of the United States and the
House of Representatives have nothing more to
do with these executive appointments.
Sir, a few words in regard to the Depart-
ments. Letters have been read at the instance
of the Senator from Indiana in regard to the
force and the character of the force employed
