1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Income Tax—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
pare to the espionage authorized by the laws
cf most of the States with which I am familiar.
Another objection has been maHe, that the
income tax law does not distinguish between
income from land and income from trades or
professions. It is said, with a good deal of
plausibility, that where an income is derived
from a permanent source it may properly pay
an income tax, but when it is derived from a
trade or profession the income perishes with
its consumption, and ought not to be taxed.
That is rather more plausible thau real, -be-
cause, after all, the permanent income coming
in year in and year out is taxed year in and
year out, while the income that comes but once
and perishes in its use is taxed only once.
Sir, Uiis subject has been carefully analyzed
in the British Parliament for more than forty
years past. They commence by analyzing or
classifying incomes into fivegreatdivisions and
making deductions from certain classes. For
instance, incomes derived from professions
were'put upon a certain list and a deduction
was made from them before the tax was ap-
plied, while permanent incomes were tax^d at
their full amount. Experience, however, after
a number of years of experiment, showed that
this was not founded upon correct principles.
This subject is discussed in tomes in the Brit-
ish debates, and also in their works on political
economy, until finally they settled down sub
stantially upon the ground that there was only
one rule of equity and that was the rule of
equably, to put the same tax upon the sauie
amount of income, however derived, and how-
ever brief might be its duration ; on the prin-
ciple that an income derived from a profession
like that of a lawyer was taxed once and per
ished, unless it was invested in real estate and
became the foundation of other income. We
have followed in this country not the original
idea of the English law, but their final idea.
But, sir, we are told that this is an odious
and unpopular tax. I never knew a tax that
was not odious and unpopular with the people
who paid it. I think if the Senator from Penn-
sylvania would go into some places in Phila-
delphia he would find that the whisky tax,
which is so popular with us, is unpopular there.
1 know that in Brooklyn people have organ-
ized armed resistance to the collection of the
whisky tax, have combined and confederated
together, and we have had to call out nine
hundred troops of the United States to go
there and enforce the whisky tax. Those
people denounce it as unjust and unequal. We
do not think so. Sir, if you would only levy
taxes which in the opinion of everbody, or
even of a majority, are not unequal and unjust,
you would have such a tax law as I have never
yet seen.
When you come to examine this income
tax you find that it applies, it is true, to only
about sixty thousand people ; but those sixty
thousand people do not pay their proper share
of other taxes. Why ? Can a rich man with an
overflowing revenue consume more sugar or
coffee or tea, or drink more beer or whisky,
or chew more tobacco than a poor man? You
tax tobacco at the same rate per pound,
whether it is tobacco for the wealthiest or for
the poorest. Here is a case ot inequality ad-
mitted by all; and so all taxes produce in-
equality ; but when in a system of taxation you
are compelled to reach out to many objects
you must endeavor to equalize your general
result by reaching all sources of taxation and
do the best you can to equalize in that way.
Therefore, when it is complained that the
tax on an article consumed is unjust upon the
poor, because the poor have to consume a
greater proportion of their income in its pur-
chase than the rich, we answer that to coun-
tervail or meet that we have levied a reason-
able income tax upon such incomes as^ are
above the wants and necessaries of life. That
is theonly answer, and it is a complete answer;
because, if you leave your system of taxation
to rest solely upon consumption, without any
tax upon property or income, you do make an
unequal and unjust system.
I admit that there are isolated cases of
hardship. My friend from Pennsylvania stated
very strongly the worst of them, which is that
by our tax laws we levy the tax upon the whole
income of a corporation without allowing a
deduction ; and as a corporation is but the
representative of a great many persons, it may
be that we levy that tax upon the income of a
poor widow who has not had the benefit of the
exemption. That is something that cannot be
helped. We levy the income tax upon a cor-
poration as upon a single body, because that
is the legal nature and character of a corpora-
tion.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator permit me
at that point to state that the tax is not levied
on the corporation, but is deducted from the
interest paid to the individual and from the
dividend paid to the individual? I may further
call attention to the fact, that when that hard-
ship was proposed to be remedied in the bill
of last year by a specific provision which en-
abled those individuals to exempt th^hselves
from it by an affidavit, as we permit wealthier
individuals to do, it was voted down, and my
impression is that the Senator from Ohio
helped-to vote it down.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it very probable,
because this is a subject I have often consid-
ered. If it was practicable to follow the in-
come derived from a corporation to all the
various beneficiaries of the income, every man
would say that in justice every beneficiary of
the income ought to be entitled to the exemp
tion; but it is practically impossible in the
nature of the things. No tax law can be so
framed as to do exact and «qual justice.
Therefore we regarded these corporations,
precisely as the law regards them, as persons,
artificial beings, like a Jemme sole ifyou please,
or & male sole, a single person, and levy the
tax on them, and authorized them, in the ad-
justment of this tax among their stockholders,
to deduct the proper proportion from each
stockholder. The very difficulty of adopting
any other scheme compelled us to pursue that
course. The idea of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania', that every stockholder ought to have
the right to deduct this from his income, is
impracticable, known to us all when tried.
But it is said this tax is unconstitutional,
and an opinion has been produced here which
I have before me, signed by one lawyer that!
do not know and another that I do know. If
I could not get a better opinion than this,
one that shows more consideration, for fifty
dollars, from the best lawyer in the United
States, I would consider him exorbitant in his
charges.
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator will permit
me, I will state that the printed circular
which he has before him is but the abstract of
a very much more voluminous opinion deliv-
ered by those two gentlemen. I presume the
lawyer to whom he refers as knowing is Mr.
Evarts, the late Attorney General?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCOT!'. The one to whom he refers as
not knowing is Mr. E. Spencer Miller, of Phila-
delphia, who enjoys in that city and throughout
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania a reputa-
tion about as high as anv other lawyer in it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not question his
reputation at all ; but it is the first time I ever
heard in the Senate ot the United States a paid
opinion of an attorney—and we all like the
profession very well—quoted upon a question
of constitutional law in regard to a law that
has been upon the statute-book seven years.
It is enough to say that the income tax has
been levied by the United States since 1863;
and there is no court, so far as 1 know, that
has pronounced the law unconstitutional; cer-
tainly no United States court. No decision
has been made of that kind. No dictum' of a
'judge can be quoted to that effect, so far as I
know.
Mr. CONKLING. • Has the question been
presented ? '
Mr. SHERMAN. The■ fact that it has not
been presented, and that we have collected
under this tax $160,000,060 from all kinds
of people, is a pretty good evidence that there
is not much in the point; but if you look at
the Constitution of the United States, I think
that settles it clearly. The Constitution gives
to Congress more unlimited power over the
subject of taxation than almost any other. Wo
have the power to levy taxes almost without'
limit. The only limit to our power to tax in
any way or in any direction is that we dare not
levy " a capitation or other direct tax" except
in a particular way, and we cannot levy a tax
on exports. There are no other exceptions to
our plenary power of taxation. Now, is an
income tax a capitation tax? It falls upon
some individuals, but is not levied by the head ;
and therefore it is not a capitation tax. Is it
a direct tax? I think the decision of tbe Su-
preme Court in the early case of the carriage
tax—I have forgotten the name of the case—
practically settles the question. The only direct
tax is a tax on real estate and slaves ; but we
may levy a tax upon the use of property or
upon the proceeds of anything, provided wa
do not levy a direct tax or a tax on exports.
But it is not necessary for me to discuss a ques-
tion of this kind which is thrown in, as almost
every law that is proposed is said to be uncon-
stitutional.
Now let us go a little further. The opinion
of the present Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue is quoted as favoring a repeal of this tax.
There is no officer of the Government to whom
I would more willingly yield on a mere ques-
tion as to the mode and manner and machinery
of collecting the internal revenue taxes than
General Pleasonton. He has had great expe-
rience, and so far as I know has considerable
ability in that way; but if he ever expressed
an opinion to a committee of this body or of
the other House as to the necessity of this
tax it certainly was extra-official and extra-
judicial. If, as it is said by some of the
newspapers, he stated that this tax was totally
unnecessary, that is only the opinion of Gen-
eral Pleasonton; it is not the opinion of the
officer of the Government charged with out"
finances. As to the mode and manner of col-
lecting specific internal taxes, his opinion is
entitled to the respect due to that of any other
gentleman. As to what money we want, how
much we want, how much other sources of
revenue will yield, what our expenditures are
or are likely to be, I should be ashamed to say
that every member of the Senate has not more
ample facilities of ascertaining than General
Pleasonton.
This is a question not as to whether the in-
come tax is just or not. If the newspapers
report correctly that he said it was not, 1 think
we can judge ot that better than he can, because
we have a broader view, with greater responsi-
bility, upon this question. I suppose the whole
of it was that General Pleasonton said he would
be glad to see the income tax repealed, and I
have no doubt he is in favor of its repeal; but
that he undertook to say what the newspapers
reported of him 1 do notbelieveatall. Besides,
these newspapers make General Pleasonton
speak in behalf of and in the name of the Pres-
ident. That certainly cannot be trua. The
President of the Uni ted States has two modes
of communicating with us, either directly by
his Secretary or by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; and he never undertook, and never did,
I am quite sure, seek to influence Congress or
