m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25,
Senate,
Income Tax—Mr. Sherman.
41st Cong.,..3d Sess.
any committee by his private opinion, conveyed
in this informal way, and no man was author-
ized to speak for him in that way.
But the Senator from Pennsylvania seems
to follow in tlie line of the newspaper argu- ■
ment, that this is a very expensive tax to col-
lect. Sir, the income tax, from its very nature,
is the cheapest tax levied, except one. I have
here a statement made even by so creditable
a paper as the New York Evening Post, in
which, speaking of this tax and urging its re-
peal, it says ;
" Add to all this that the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue himself is convinced that the collection of
the tax will do no good to the Treasury, because it
will cost, under the present law, almost as much as
it will yield."
Such a wild statement as that was made in
an editorial article in one of the most excel-
lent papers in the United States. I have here
also an extract from the Brooklyn Union,
making the same general statement. The New
York Tribune has made the same statement.
If it were necessary to reply to so foolish a
statement I could do it in a moment. Why,
sir, the whole expense of collecting the internal
revenue, whisky tax and all, is only estimated
at between five and six million dollars. It is
only about an average of four per cent., or a
little more; while this income tax as now
reduced will yield $12,833,000.
Instead of this being an expensive tax it is
the cheapest tax collected by the national
Government from internal revenue, except
the tax on banks. The tax on banks is col-
lected from sixteen hundred corporations by
the Treasury of the United States without its
costing the Government one cent. The in-
come tax, from its very nature, is the next
cheapest tax on the list. This fact is shown
in an official report made by the Secretary of
the Treasury three years ago. While the gen-
eral average of collecting taxes was then be-
tween three and four per cent, the estimated
expense for collecting the income tax was
not over two per cent. Why is that? The
income tax is collected from corporations in
large masses. Take, for instance, the Penn-
sylvania liailroad Company. The income tax
on their dividends is collected in a single sum,
in great masses, at a cost of comparatively
nothing. All the tax on corporations is col-
lected with scarcely any perceptible expense
except by swelling the sum paid to the assess-
ors and collectors. The tax on salaries is
collected without cost by disbursing officers,
and the personal tax on incomes is collected
from a few prominent, well-known persons, to
whom any assessor can go. It is collected
only in wealthy districts.
The Senator from Pennsylvania himself said
that it was collected mainly in twenty-three
districts; that all the income tax collected out-
side twenty-three districts did not amount to a
considerable sum. It is collected in districts,
where from the nature of the case we must
have revenue officers to collect other special
taxes, on whisky shops and beer shops, and
various kinds of taxes. The income tax is
collected in wealthy communities where, so
long as our internal revenue system stands, we
must necessarily have assessors and collectors.
Why, sir, the repeal of the income tax would
not enable General Pleasouton to dismiss a
single assistant assessor, because there is no dis-
trict in which the income tax is paid to any
considerable amount where there are not
whisky shops and beer shops, and where the
whisky and tobacco and other internal taxes
are not levied. By law you must establish in
every county of the United States a place where
stamps can be sold; and the actual commission
or cost of selling stamps, although the most
convenient form of revenue, is five per cent.,
while the collection of the income tax is only
from two to four per cent. It is idle, there-
fore, to say that the repeal of this tax will en-
able him to dismiss a single assessor. In my
judgment the whole of this $12,833,000 will be
brought into the Treasury at not to exceed an
expense of three or four hundred thousand
dollars, or from two to three per cent.
There is only one other topic in this con-
nection to which I wish to allude. While those
who have large incomes complain of this
tax—and I know they have complained of it
to me bitterly—it must be remembered that
the result of the war has enormously increased
the value of all investments. Land has enorm-
ously increased; everything that produces
income has enormously increased. I have
now in my mind a single corporation, the
stock of which, before this war, might have
been bought for twenty to forty cents on
the dollar; and now it is worth two hundred.
Every kind of investment in this country has
enormously increased in value by'the opera-
tion'of the war. Why? Because the strength,
the power of our country has given increased
value to property everywhere. Every man
buys and sells land in the United States with
more confidence in its value. The holders of
property, those whose good fortune it is to
enjoy large incomes, have been enormously
benefit^! by the effect of the war, not only
in enhancing business, in furnishing us paper
money and facilities for negotiating business,
but in the actual addition to the value of all
the real estate in the land; and this is a rea-
son why they should aid by a small income
tax to raise the necessary money to meet the
expenses growing out of the war. This in-
come tax is just as much a war tax now as
it was when it was levied during the war,
because it is now levied to pay expenses in-
curred in the war. I think, therefore, that in
whatever way you view the income tax, whether
as a question of right and justice in the dis-
tribution of taxes among men, or on grounds
of principle, the property holders of this coun-
try ought to be willing that this income tax
should stand upon the statute-book until we
can make a general review of the whole sub-
ject of taxation; and then, if we find that we
can receive from other sources the mouey that
is now provided by the income tax, let us
repeal it, giving at the same time relief to
other classes.
This will carry me to another subject, upon
which I wish to invite the attention of my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.] Perhaps the
most difficult subject that the next Congress
will have to meet will be the subject of the
general reduction and revision of taxation. I
know that in speaking one year in advance of
the time I am liable to commit many errors,
which I will not consider myself to be bound
by. My argument as to this bill exhausts
itself in the simple proposition that we ought
not to deal with this income tax now as a
separate proposition, but leave it to be settled
when we come to compare and revise and sys-
tematize our whole system of taxation. That
at the next session of Congress it will be neces-
sary to bring about a general reduction and
supervision of taxation is admitted on all
hands, and if the state of our finances then
authorizes us reasonably to hope for a surplus
I, for one, shall be willing to direct my atten-
tion, and join with others in directing the gen-
eral attention, to the entire revision of our
whole system of taxation. This can only be
brought about by adopting certain general
principles.
First. By a searching reduction of expenses.
Second. By availing onrselves of our expe-
rience in administering the tax on whisky and
tobacco, and, if possible, to increase the reve-
nue from those sources.
Third. By a reduction of the interest of the
public debt, which can result only after we
have raised the value of our five-twenty bonds
above par in gold.
The principles upon which this reduction is
to be founded must include:
1. A comprehensive review of our internal
and customs taxes as an entire system, with a
view to repeal or modify those that bear most
heavily upon the people.
2. Wemustdispenseasfaraspracticable with
internal taxes, and confine them solely to arti-
cles the consumption of which is not necessary
or useful, and to such surplus income as will
tend to equalize taxes between capital and
consumption. My conviction is that after this
year we may and ought to repeal every internal
tax except on spirits, tobacco, and beer, and
such a modified income tax as will reach only
the product of capital not needed for the neces-
saries of life.
3. Such a reduction of the duties on im-
ported goods as will cheapen, as far as is con-
sistent with the absolute wants of the Govern-
ment, the price of such goods as cannot be
produced in this country, and which are in
general use as necessaries of life, or sfe the
basis of our domestic industry. Upon such
goods as enter into competition with domestic
industry I would levy specific duties equal to,
but no more than, the average rate of duty
demanded by our financial wants upon im-
ported goods. This is ample protection to alt
domestic industry not unnatural or forced by
a hot-house process.
I have carefully studied the application of
this rule, and have now on my table the result
of it, showing the application of it to all the
great domestic productions of cotton, wool,
iron, copper, and steel, andean show that this
rule of equity and equality will give to all these
industries the measure of protection that they
can reasonably ask, and with which I know
most of them will be content. It is the only
rule that will give our home industry such
stable and incidental protection as will enable
them to compete with foreign labor. If under
it any branch of industry cannot survive for-
eign competition, that is the highest evidence
that such industry is forced and foreign to our
soil, climate, or condition.
Such a rule fairly applied, without yielding
to local or interested clamor, and without
making distinctions between the productions
of different forms of industry, would remove
the details of our tariff laws from the dema-
gogism of party politics, would give them
stability, and tempt capital and labor into
those fields of industry where we can compete
with all nations.
As to articles known as luxuries, such as
spirits, cigars, jewelry, and some fabrics of
silk, the only limit in the rate of duty should
be the limit which experience may show will
prevent smuggling. Whatever increased rev-
enue we may be able to derive from these
sources above the average should be applied
to the reduction of duties on necessaries of
life and on raw products.
There is a topic introduced here very often
by the honorable Senator from Illinois. It has
rather been a favorite of his. He is continu-
ally talking to us about the enormous mass of
gold in the Treasury. Whenever an effort is
made either to prevent the repeal of a tax or
to caution the Senate against any extravagant
appropriation we are always told that there is
a great mass of gold in the Treasury, and we
can draw on that to make good any deficiency.
In my opinion, that massofgold, which 1 shall
now dissect and show precisely its nature and
purpose, ought not to be considered in this
connection ; but as it is brought in by others
it becomes necessany for me to answer them.
We are told that the surplus of gold in the
Treasury will make good all deficiencies in the
revenue. The surplus gold ought not to be
considered in the question of the repeal of
taxes, but should be maintained as the basis
of the resumption of specie payments, as the
