670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
in the several Departments. Extracts from a
report have been read by the Senator from
Illinois in regard to the condition of the De-
partments in 1867. We all know the condition
of these Departments four years ago. Great
abuses had grown up. A great many of those
abuses have been corrected. When the war
began we increased the clerical force of the
Departments. The amount of business to be
performed in the several Departments was in-
creased enormously by the war. We increased
the force, providing that the increase should
cease at the close of the war; but such was the
pressure of business in the Departments that
the increased force was continued through 1865
and 1866, and I think until 1867; and then the
law expired. Then the heads of Departments
came here and recommended a certain increase
of their force. Nearly all the Secretaries and
bureau officers presented themselves ; and the
Committee on Appropriations have written
statements of the heads of Departments and
of bureau officers asking for increased force.
I want it to be distinctly understood that Con-
gress is not responsible for this increase of
force, that the increase over what existed before
the war has been made at the pressing solicita-
tion and instance of Department officers.
Mr. NYE. Congressmen did not recom-
mend the heads of Departments, did they?
Mr. WILSON. I hope not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They recommended
bureau officers.
Mr. WILSON. I do not suppose that any
of us did a great deal in recommending Cab-
inet officers, although we hear once in a while
that the-thing is done, and that delegations
from soma parts of the country visit the Pres-
ident and ask for the removal of a Cabinet
officer and the putting in of somebody else.
But we all know that appointments of various
officers are recommended by members of Con-
giess. I choose to hold the gentlemen at the
head of Departments and bureaus responsible
for the existing force. The force during the
past two years has been largely reduced. The
evidence produced this morning shows it.
The Department of State has been reorgan-
ized, and is in a better condition than it has
been during the past generation. Everybody
admits it. Those who complained the most,
who have examined the subject, know that the
Department of State has reorganized its force
and that it is in an admirable condition. The
Secretary of the Treasury shows yon a reduc-
tion in clerks of his Department of two hun-
dred and seventy-five. The Treasury Depart-
ment is very well organized and administered.
The Secretary is a practical business man, a
man of capacity, of personal character. Speak-
ing of the condition of the Department, he said
to me the other clay that he believed it was as
well conducted as was the business of any bank
in New York or any mercantile house in that
city. I believe the clerks in these Departments
are generally faithful men, upright men in all
respects, and the most of them competent men,
and that as a whole they are superior to the
clerks in the business houses of any city of
this Union.
That the force can be reduced in these De-
partments 1 believe. In many of the bureaus
the amount of business is now daily diminish-
ing; and I believe that even without any legis-
lation on our part the force will be worked
down. In nearly every Department reform has
been made. ^ Reference was made the other day
to the Interior Department and to an article
written by the late Secretary Cox for the North
Ameucan Review. Secretary Cox found the
Interior Department when he entered it the
poorest organized Department of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. CAMERON. Do I understand the
Senator to speak of the Treasury Depart-
ment?
Mr. WILSON. I speak of the Interior De-
partment. That Department, from the time of
its organization, has been, from the very nature
of the business transacted there, the most diffi-
cult Department to administer. There have
been more abuses in that Department since it
was organized than in any other Department.
It was in a bad condition when Secretary Cox
came into office. He did something to correct
these abuses. He inaugurated some reforms,
especially in the Patent Office. But when he
left it, it was in a worse condition than any
other Department.
Mr. CAMERON. I misunderstood the Sen-
tor. I supposed he spoke of the Treasury
Department. I agree with him in all he says
about the Interior Department, as he describes
it when Secretary Cox came in, and as he
describes it when he went out. I think the
greatest reform was necessary there.
Mr. WILSON. Secretary Cox put at the
head of the Patent Office Mr. Fisher, of Ohio.
I believe he has never been surpassed by any
officer that has been in that office during my
time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is my
opinion.
Mr. WILSON. He did much to reform it. It
is in an admirable condition. There are some
other bureaus there that have been largely
reformed, and there are some that need a great
deal of reforming. I believe, however, that
Secretary Cox brought to the service the pur-
pose to make reforms ; that he labored to that
end; that had he remained in the office he would
have continued that policy, and in time made
such reforms in that Department as have been
made in raost of the others. The present
Secretary demonstrated iu the Internal Reve-
nue Bureau his organizing powers, and under
his administration I hope to see that Depart-
ment improve.
The War Department has been reorganized,
changed, reformed; improved in almost every
particular. There was a great force there dur-
ing the war; but the vast amount of labor
that had to be performed there has to a great
extent been accomplished. The present Sec-
retary of War, in everything connected with
the Army, has pursued a reformatory policy,
and is entitled to the highest consideration
for the fidelity with which he has administered
the duties of his high position.
There was an opportunity to reform, and it
has been made to a great extent; but I take it
none of those Departments have been made
perfect.
^ But, sir,'that is not the question before us.
There is a public feeling in this country founded
in reason, comprehending the best interests of
the country, that demands reform in the civil
service throughout. There have been several
projects started having reformatory provisions,
but I shall vote for no measure that puts in
office in this country a class of men during
good behavior or during life. I believe that
it this Congress should put it upon the statute-
book it would be soon swept away.
I am willing to vote for a bill that shall fix
the_ term of office. I have proposed a bill
limiting the term of office, and providing that
persons appointed to these offices shall pass
an examination; that they shall hold their
offices for three months to try them and see
what they are, and then examine them again,
and let them fill out the term of four years,
and not to be removed during that term with-
out cause. But to adopt a system by which
we are to put into office a class of men in this
country to remain there permanently is con-
trary to the genius and spirit of our institu-
tions. Nor do I believe that you would have
better officers under it. There is no spot of
earth where the men who are in office are
more attentive and kind and courteous than
they are here in this city. If those men had
life estates in their offices we should find them
a far different class of men. I agree entirely
with the Senator from Indiana upon that point.
Sir, I would go further and require men who
are iu office to attend to their business. We
have eight million voters in the United States.
We have a great deal of intelligence and of
character that is not either in Congress or in
the service of the Government. The great
masses of the people of the country, and those
who are candidates or who hold offices elective
by the people, can manage the political con-
ventions of the country without the assistance
of clerks in Departments, or without the assist-
ance of inspectors or any class of officers in
the custom-houses, or Indian agencies, or land
offices. Every day we are told that it is im-
portant to change the officers in certain local-
ities. Put a class of our friends into power,
and they have hardly got into their places
before another school comes and insists on
their going out, in order that they themselves
may win a Republican victory. I believe that
about all of our troubles grow out of this
idea that Government officials can make or
unmake majorities. The wisest thing Govern-
ment appointees can do to aid their party is to
fill their offices well, do their duty to their
country, mind their own business, and leave
political affairs to be taken care of by the
people and by those who are candidates before
the people for their suffrages.
Looking over the country this year, and I
have taken some little pains to learn the facts,
I believe that a large majority of the districts
lost to the Administration party in the House
of Representatives were lost on account of bad
appointments made in the districts and by the
disappointment of men who were turned out
of office or wanted to get into office. Their
Representatives were held responsible, and not
the President, not the heads of Departments,
but the Representatives were held to the strict-
est responsibility, and every man that wanted
an office and could not get it denounced his
Representative, and every man who was ap-
pointed to office and failed in any respect to
do his duty was a burden upon his Represent-
ative. Under this accumulation of office-hold-
ing and office-seeking burdens, many Repre-
sentatives have lost their reflections and many
districts have been lost to the Administration,
and it will always be so with the party in power
while the present system lasts, whether that
party be Republican or Democratic.
If we can relieve Senators and Representa-
tives from all connection with and responsi-
bility for the appointment of men to office other
than the responsibility that the Constitution
imposes upon Senators to reject or approve, I
believe we shall do something to purify the
politics of our country, and there is no doubt
much purification is needed.
The number of offices in the country com-
pared with the number that existed twenty or
thirty years ago has been largely increased.
The pressure for station has increased. Great
abuses have grown up, and everybody admits
those abuses. Why, sir, during the war, when
our armies were organizing and going to the
front, we had a crowd of men flocking into this
city seeking little, petty stations, besieging the
office of the President and pressing us all for
countenance and support. Mr. Lincoln said
to me one day, in speaking of this terrible press-
ure, that it seemed to him that while one end
of the house was on fire, instead of putting it
out, he was called upon to give men little
offices, and that if we put down the rebellion
he did not know that the country could live
ten or twenty years longer unless the present
system was broken up.
Sir, everybody, in office and out of office,
admits these abuses. We admit them. Then
let us begin to correct them. We should begin
the correction by withdrawing ourselves from
all connection with and responsibility for theM-
appointments, and let the President and thr-
Executive Departments take that responsibil-
ity. Tt is said that abuses will grow up. When
they grow up we can deal with them; there
will be other Congresses here ; and when we
have nothing to do with these appointments,
when we are not teased from morning till night
and from night till morning, when we have
