1496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
the House. That is all that I deem it necessary
to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
of the Whole, upon the motion of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, reduced this amount
for the transportation of goods in this clause
from $7,000 to $5,000. The Committee on
Indian Affairs ask that the amount of $7,000
may be restored. The question is on concur-
ring in the reduction.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me that $5,000 is
ample for the transportation of all the goods
provided for those Indians. We have now
railroads extending in the direction of those
Indians, which certainly will reduce the cost
of sending goods to them.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was on page 6, line one hundred
and thirty-three, to strike out "'forty" and
insert " sixty," so as to make the appropria-
tion for the Arickarees, Gros Ventres, and
Mandans $GO,OQO. '
Mr. COLE. I do not know why that change
is suggested. The Department estimated for
$40,000 for those Indians, and we have left
the clause as it was estimated, and as the bill
came to us from the House. Perhaps there
was some private information on the subject
that authorized the Committee on Indian
Affairs to change it.
Mr. HARLAN. The information before the
Indian Committee was to this effect—it came
through the Indian commissioners who have
been up among these Indians: they say that
they will be unable to get along with them for
$40,000. They are a very peculiar race of
Indians. They are blue-eyed, red haired In-
dians, a great many of them. They were white
men, I have no doubt, originally. It is believed
that they were from Scotland originally, emi-
grated up the Mississippi river, and settled on
the upper Missouri, and have become Indians
through their mode of life. They boast that
they have never killed a white man. Daring
all the Sioux wars that have prevailed for a
series of years last past they never have com-
mitted any depredations. They have been
surrounded by Sioux, and now we are appro-
priating from year to year very large sums for
the support and civilization of the Sioux, and
these Indians say that they think it would be
to their advantage to make war on the white
people; that then they would receive as much
from the Government to aid them in improving
their lands as the Sionx get. They live in the
immediate vicinity of the Sioux, and these
gentleman to whom I have referred, who have
been up among them, think this amount is
absolutely necessary to enable them to open
farms for them, to build school-houses, and put
them in process of civilization.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are not the Sioux much
more numerous?
Mr. HARLAN. Oh, yes; the Sioux are
much more numerous; but we appropriate
over a million for the Sioux.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then you cannot make
a comparison between the Sioux and these
Indians as to the aifcount of money they
receive from the Government.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the appropriations
for the Sioux per capita are much larger than
the appropriations for these Indians, larger
than the amount proposed by the Indian
Committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But these Indians are
half-civilized already.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not know about that.
I do not know what progress civilization has
made among them; but they are a peaceful
class of Indians, who have never committed
depredations on the white people. They ap-
peal very strongly to the sympathies of our
race. It is for the Senate to say whether this
amount shall be appropriated or not.
Mr. STEWART. If they are not Indians,
I see no propriety in spoiling them entirely by
this process. Now, I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to a remark made by these
Indians, as the Senator from Iowa says, which
I wish to apply to all Indian matters. They
say that if -they will make war on the Govern-
ment they will get more money than they do.
That is in accordance with my knowledge of
all Indian wars, that they are made for the
sake of money. If you did not appropriate
any money to the Indians you would not have
any Indian wars. If it was perfectly well
understood on both sides that there was no
money in it there never Tvould be an Indian
war. The Indians scalp a few white people
so as to get up a fuss and be bought off,
and the white people encourage the trouble
for the purpose of bringing the Army there
and having the advantage of transportation
and fat contracts. If you will stop your
appropriations there will be no Indian wars.
We have no Indian wars in Nevada. The
whites and Indians very soon settle matters
among themselves there. The Indians there
are peaceable, and a large number of them are
at work. The statement of those Indians illus-
trates beautifully the theory of the whole thing,
that money is at the bottom of every Indian
war. You commence to appropriate money
to civilize these Indians, and if you stop your
appropriations, then they will commence war
in order to get more. Now, if these Indians
have never been at war at all against the white
people it is because you have not held out
any inducement to them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am reminded by a valued
friend, whose name the Chair will excuse me
from mentioning, that the remarks of my
friend from Iowa are really in violation of the
spirit of the fourteenth aud fifteenth amend-
ments. To undertake to give these Indians
more money because their hair is red, instead
of black, is raising a distinction of color that
ought not to be tolerated in any republican
country. [Laughter.] Then I am sure that
my friend from Nevada ought not to have been
so touchy on this subject, because although his
hair seems to correspond with the description
which the Senator from Iowa gave of these
singular Indians, yet I feel quite sure he did
not allude to him. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. I did not take it as per-
sonal by any means.
Mr. EDMUNDS. To be serious, Mr. Pres-
ident, we have here an estimate from the
Department to provide for these half-civilized
Indians. They really are first-rate Indians.
For Indians, they will do very well indeed.
We have an estimate from the Department,
from the responsible head of all this business,
of $40,000 for these Indians. The House has
provided it, and your Committee on Appro-
priations has acceded to it. Now, then, the
subordinates of the Department tell the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs they must have more,
and are to overrule their superiors and demand
more money from the Treasury. It seems to
me that is altogether improper.
Mr. HARLAN. They are not the subordin-
ates of the Department. I explained at the
beginning of the consideration of this bill that
we invited the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
to meet with us and the members of the board
of commissioners who have gone out in pur-
suance of a law of Congress to give general
attention to this subject, aud after having made
themselves perfectly acquainted with the con-
dition of things there they tell us that this
amount is needed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But they have not satis-
fied the President and Secretary of the Interior,
it seems.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
knows very well that these estimates were
made out long ago, made out and sent to the
Senate and House of Representatives last
December. The estimates that came to the
Senate and House of Representatives on the
first day of the regular session were really
made during the last summer, and the inform-
ation we have acted upon is information that
has been elicited since then by the personal
observation of those gentlemen who have gone
out in pursuance of law. If Congress does
not wish to give them the opportunity to aid
these Indians in the process of civilization, of
course they will vote this amendment down.
Mr. FOWLER. I shall vote in favor of this
amendment, because if there are blue-eyed and
red-haired people, the appropriation will be
of some virtue ; it will result in some utility ;
they will be more profited by it, and it will
produce some results ; whereas in all these
other eases it is thrown away. The prospect
of having a race of that kind to improve and
cultivate meets my approbation. I shall there-
fore vote in favor of the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I am very serious in my
objection to this system. I tell you there is
no class of people who will ever become civil-
ized if you feed them and teach them to live
without labor. All your experiments in feed-
ing the Indians have proved that fact, if they
have proved anything. Here we find some
people who have been living quietly and
peaceably, but whom you have made dissat-
isfied because you have given more to others
than to them. They are getting along very
well. It is only the bad example that you have
set around them that has made them dissatis-
fied. Let them alone, and if they are white
people they will take care of themselves and
go to work. Feed them, make paupers of
them, make beggars of them, make mendi-
cants of them, have them lie about waiting
for something to be given them, and you will
spoil them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to increase the appropriation from
'•$40,000" to "$60,000."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 8, line one hun-
dred and seventy-seven, to strike out " ten"
and insert " five."
The VICE PRESIDENT.- The Committee
of the Whole, upon the motion of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, reduced this appro-
priation for the transportation of goods to the
Cheyennes and Arapahoes from §10.000 to
$5,000. The Senator from Iowa, from the
Committee on Indian Affairs, now moves to
make the amount $7,500; and the question is
on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. COLE. I feel quite certain that $5,000
is enough now, inasmuch as the Pacific railroad
runs right up to that section of the country
almost.
Mr. HARLAN. Where are these Indians,
may I inquire of the honorable Senator?
Mr. COLE. Well, sir, they are most of them
roving over the plains ; but if they have any
abiding place one way or another, 1 think it is
somewhere a little north of Cheyenne or that
section of country.
Mr. HARLAN. They are nowhere in the
neighborhood of Cheyenne.
Mr. COLE. I do not suppose they are : but
north of that.
Mr. HARLAN. The Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs says that he cannot transport
goods to them for $5,000 ; he thought he
could possibly do so for $7,500, and the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs thought it right to
give him the amount of money necessary to
ship the goods.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator from Iowa
tell us where these Indians are? They are
called Cheyennes and Arapahoes in the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. They are southern and
northern Cheyennes ; but none of them are
near a railroad.
Mr. COLE. They are not designated in the
bill as southern or northern Cheyennes, but
simply " Cheyennes and Arapahoes ; " and if
they are not in the section of country I have
described, I should like to know where they
are.
Mr. HARLAN. A part of them are down
