1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
relieved ourselves from this responsibility, then
we can dispassionately apply what remedies are
thought to be necessary; but with our hands
tied as they are I do not see- what we can do.
Therefore 1 propose to support this bill intro-
duced by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. NYE obtained the floor.
Mr. PA1TERSON. I ask the Senator to
yield to me to allow me to call a bill from the
table for the purpose of reference.
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move that the ter-
ritorial bill, as it is called, which has come
over from the House, be taken up, and that
the Senate non-concur in the amendment of
Xhe House of Representatives, and ask for the
appointment of a committee of conference.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest to the Senator
from New Hampshire that that bill, as it
comes from the House, presents a number
of very important provisions that have never
been before the Senate, and ought not to go
to a committee of conference until the Senate
has had a chance to pass upon them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana objects.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Senator from
Indiana will not object to the bill being taken
up with a view of referring it to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; I will not object
to its being taken up for that purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. I have been reading the
bill over, and have not yet got through with
it; but I see many inconsistencies and in-
congruities in it, and I think it ought to Be
referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from New Hampshire that
it requires the postponement of the pending
bill, or its being informally passed over by
unanimous consent, to entertain this motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest whether it would
not be better to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly; I agree to that.
Mr. POMEROY. Let that be done.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me, consider-
ing the magnitude of the questions involved,
that that would be the best course.
Mr. PATTERSON. The bill, with the ex-
ception of some amendments which have been
put upon it by the House, has been passed
upon by the Senate. I fear that the reference
of the bill to the Committee on the District of
Columbia will detain it so long in the Senate
that it will not passat this session. I think that
all the amendments made by the House may
very properly come up before a committee of
conference to be considered, and such amend-
ments made as the Senate will desire. It will
facilitate business very much to have the bill
referred to a committee of conference.
Mr. YATES. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Nevada, I desire to offer an amend-
ment, which I believe is now in order, to the
pending bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an
amendment now pending to the substitute.
The Senator can give notice of his amend-
ment, but it would not be in order under the
rules at the present time.
Mr. YATES. I should like to have the
amendment read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois gives notice of his intention to
offer an amendment to the pending bill. Is
there objection to the motion of the Senator
from New Hampshire to take the territorial
bill from the table, disagree to the amendment
of the House of Representatives, and ask for
the appointment of a committee of conference?
The Chair understands that to be the request.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there is no ob-
jection to taking the territorial bill from the
table and having it referred, but not to a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will come up to-mor-
row morning, as there is objection now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will nowreport the amendment which the Sen-
ator from Illinois desires to propose, when it
shall be in order, to the pending bill. It will
be read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment; which was to add at the end of the sub-
stitute reported by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary the following:
That ail appointments of civil officers, except
members of the Cabinet, and the General of the
Ariny and Admiral of the Navy, shall be made from
adifferent States and congressional districts in the
ditterent states, upon the basis of population, giving
to each fetate and district its ratio of appointees
according to the population of said States and dis-
trict-?.
lhe_ VICE PRESIDENT. This amend-
ment is not now in order, but is reported for
information.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I am opposed
to the whole character of this legislation.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
tells us that he has been here sixteen years
and expects to remain six more now—we all
expect that—which I hope he will. He has
had much longer experience than myself, and
is naturally, I think, a closer observer of
passing events. _ Judging from his stand-point,
he seems to think that there is great cause,
pressing demand for reform, while in the next
breath he tells us that the Departments were
never so well managed as they are now. I
doubt whether they ever were, and I doubt
whether they ever will be under any form of
appointment which the Senate and House of
Representatives may devise.
When I say that I am opposed to the char-
acter of this legislation, I mean no reflection
upon the honorable Senator who presented
this bill, but I do mean to say that the char-
acter of this legislation, in my opinion, tends
to belittle the office of representative, either
in the other House or in this body, in the eyes
of an intelligent people. When I ascertain
that being a member of this body makes me
any the less a citizen or a man I am going to
resign. I was pleased a good many years ago
to see that it was said by Henry Ward Beecher
that when it made him any the less a man to
be a minister he would quit the business. I
repeat that remark here: when it makes me
any the less a man to be a Senator of the Uni-
ted States I shall resign my position.
Now, sir, it seems to me that the appointing
power, so vast as it necessarily is and must
forever continue to be in a Government like
our own, turns as naturally toward the repre-
sentative for counsel and advice as the child
turns to its mother for sustenance. Who else
is there tbat the President can consult? My
honorable friend from Illinois says he can con-
sult other people away from here. So he can.
But where are those people? How does he
know them? What means has he of knowing
whether their judgments are right or wrong
when he does consult with them in a State as
distant as my own or as California? Sir, the
impossibility of avoiding this responsibility is
too palpable to legislate upon.
I accept for good or for evil, with my party
friends at home, my full responsibility for
advising who is a proper man to hold this posi-
tion or that position in the State which I have
the honor in part to represent. I shrink from
none of that responsibility ; and I claim that
I have advantages for knowing who are best
fitted to hold those positions far superior to
the appointing power. My advice is not
always heeded, nor is that of the honorable
Senator from Illinois; but when it is not
heeded the appointing power does not gener-
ally get quite as good a man as it would have
got if it had taken the one I recommended. I
have seen it tried. I assume that this is a part
of the responsibility of a representative. How
is it a part? In this way: I undertake to
represent a district in my State in Congress ;
I undertake to do all its representative duties.
What are those duties? My first duty as a
man is to see to it that no officer is appointed
by the appointing power who is not worthy
and capable of filling the place. That is my
duty as a man.
Now, what is my duty as a politician ? It is
to see that nobody but a good Republican fills
an office. I do not come to the confessional
quite as easily as my friend from Massachusetts,
and when I do come I do not confess quite as
liberally. I have no right to confess, nor has
he any right to give a cognovit for any other
Republican of failing to do his duty. He can
speak for himself; but when he undertakes to
confess for the party, I deny his authority to
confess for me. Now, sir, I hold that nobody
but a good sound Republican is fit to hold office.
I am not going to be mealy-mouthed about this
subject. Why, sir, you and I have labored
with the masses until our locks were wet with
the drops of the night to convince them that
nobody but Republicans were fit to hold office.
We have echoed that cry on every hill-top and
in every valley until a large majority of the
people believe it. Now, my friend from Mas-
sachusetts begins to doubt. He that doubts
never wins. Why, sir, he has made Massachu-
setts support him upon that ground from "time
whereof the memory of man runneth not to the
contrary." [Laughter.] He has got a perpetual
lease of his seat in this body because he has
instilled into them and made them believe that
nobody but Republicans were fit to hold office ;
and yet now he begins to doubt about it him-
self. Sir, I have no doubt about it. We tried
the Democrats; we weighed them in the bal-
ance and they were found wanting; and the
people said, "Turn them out;" and they were
turned out, and stayed out and browsed out
until their hair is as long as that of him who
browsed of old. [Laughter.]
Now we are told that it is to be a penal
offense for us to commend anybody to office.
The honorable Senator from Illinois in his zeal
is going to make it a penal offense for me, a
Senator, to say what I have said on every
stump in almost every State in the Union. I
repudiate all such doctrines as that. I believe
that nobody but a person who has honestly im-
bibed and carries out Republican doctrines is
fit to hold office. I do not mean to say that,
everybody else is dishonest; but I mean that
for the harmony and well-being of the whole
it is best that those who believe in the great
principles espoused by the Republican party
should hold the offices of the country. They
have won them not only upon a thousand fields
of blood, but on a thousand fields that were
not so bloody but quite as important in their
results.
Senators and Representatives have received
their commissions, not only to see to it that
their own conduct was right, but to see to it
that no unworthy man was put into place.
That is a part of my duty as a representative ;
that is a part of the duty of the honorable
Senators from Illinois and Massachusetts.
Therefore, I am far from admitting, like the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, that
there is grievous wrong done in this matter of
appointments. There may be mistakes; the
purest err. But because of an error shall a
system which is coexistent with the life of the
nation itself be overturned?
Under this bill the President may ask a
justice of the peace in the State of Nevada
whether a certain man is fit to hold a public
place, and he answers yea or nay, and that is
commendable ; that is laudable; that is law-
ful. But if the President happens to chance
to ask me and my experienced colleague, and
we open our lips, we see the door of the peni-
tentiary ; the key is already in the hole, and we
must go to the penitentiary or be declared as
doing an unlawful act. Sir, are not the hon-
est men of this country in their political creed
standing guard upon the ramparts of their
country? Is it not the bounden duty of every
citizen, representative or not, if he sees aright
in peril, to sound the alarm ? And yet, sir, if
