m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Ho. of Eeps.
St. Croix and Bayfield Railroad—Mr. Axtell.
41st Cong....3dSess.
levied on our people and repealed in the face
of the-statements that I have made this day and
the current facts; but that if there is any hard-
ship still in this diminished tax it ought to be
borne by the wealthy people of our country
a little while longer, until, by a general revis-
ion, we may distribute any reduction which
■we- make in taxation on a broader level and a
broader basis.
- This tax affects, it is true, about eight hun-
dred office holders of the United States. It
is said that it affects some officers in some of
•the States. How many 1 How many officers
of States have salaries of over $2,000 after
their taxes and other things are paid? Very
few indeed. If they want to appeal to the con-
stitutionality of tbe law, let them do it, and I
have no fear of the result. It affects about
seven or eight hundred officers of the United
States, all told, whose salaries are subject to
the income tax ; certainly notover a thousand,
including officers of the Army. Itaffects some
fifty or sixty thousand people who are able to
"pay it. To say that this is a discriminating tax
against them is to say that the English Gov-
ernment, in the adjustment, of their taxes, have
levied upon themselves the same kind of tax
since the time of Sir Robert Peel.
Mr. President, I have been threatened in
every way about this matter. I will read what
the Brooklyn Union has to say about those
■who insist on maintaining the income tax ;
a paper published in the very town where the
whole body of the population are in arms
against the whisky tax, 1 am told.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no; the Senator
does not mean the whole population of the
town. He means the population of the par-
ticular district down at the navy-yard.
Mr. SHERMAN. It required fifteen hun-
dred men to suppress them ; and there were
nineteen hundred men there resisting the au-
thorities of the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. That was only in one
district.
- Mr. SHERMAN. Well, I will withdraw
that remark, as I see that my friend from New
York feels sensitive about the reputation of
Biooklyn.
Mr. CONKLING. I do. I do not like to
have all the people charged with the offense
of a few.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is what the editor
of the Brooklyn Union—who is also the editor
of the New York Independent, and no doubt
has an excellent income, and I am glad of
it—gays s
M The people mean to havo this tax out of the way,
©von if they have to put the men out of the way who
are responsible for its oontinuance."
Sir, there are sixty thousand, all told, who
have to pay this tax. We are all in that
favored sixty thousand; because the people
of the United States give us over $2,000 a
year. We are compelled to pay this tax. And
now every man who thinks it is better to retain
this tax awhile longer is threatened with the
indignation of the people. I am inclined to
think that we shall be able to endure it and
survive it.
Sir, the same threats were made against Sir
Robert Peel when he proposed to renew the
income tax. The politicians of that day de-
nounced him, and were able after awhile to
punish him to some extent; but it did not deter
)iim. It was the reorganization and rein-
stitution of the income tax in England that
led to that revision of taxes which changed
the whole current of affairs in England ; and
I believe now that if the property-holders
of this country, those who are compelled to
pay the income tax, will bear with it a little
while longer, for the two years during which
it is to exist, they will never have cause to
regret it.
So far as my own State is concerned, I am im-
partial in this matter. The State of Ohio pays
her full proportion of the income tax accord-
ing to her population. I have here the state-
ment. Most of the western States pay but little
income tax, but Ohio pays dollar for dollar,
according to her population. The old tax was
just about a dollar an inhabitant. Ohio pays
her share ; and I have it to say for the men of
Ohio who pay this income tax that, with very
rare exceptions, such as I do not wish to
name, they have not complained of the tax,
but are willing to bear their share of it. But
impelled by a sense of duty, in the interest of
the whole people, I feel bound, without any
regard either to my own interest or the inter-
est of my State, to maintain this and all other
taxes Until I can see daylight ahead and a
better time to repeal them.
St. Croix and Bayfield Railroad.
SPEECH OP HON. S. B. AXTELL,
OF CALIFORNIA,
In the House or Representatives,
January 27, 1871,
On the joint resolution (S. R. No. 11) extending the
time to construct a railroad fromtlio St. Croix river
or lake to the west end of Lake Superior and to
Bayfield.
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Speaker, in the few
moments allowed to me by my friend from
Indiana I propose to speak of our public land
policy, and to illustrate it by facts drawn prin-
cipally from my own State. California is seven
hundred miles in length, lying upon the sea-
coast, with an average breadth of twohurtdred
miles, and contains over 120,000,000 acres of
land, of which only 32,000,000 have been sur-
veyed. Excluding the area granted by the
General Government for different purposes,
also the surface covered by Spanish and Mexi-
can titles, and the quantities embraced in sales
and locations, there yet remain 100,070,177
acres of public land within the limits of the
State liable to disposal.
These facts I obtain from the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office for
1870. Although the State possesses unequaled
attractions, and has been known to Europeans
and colonized for over one hundred years, it
has to-day only about six hundred thousand
inhabitants. What has retarded her growth
and settlement, and what will increase her
prosperity, are questions of national import-
ance, questions proper to be discussed here
and elsewhere, not in the interest of California
alone, but in the interest of the whole Union.
We have upon our long line of sea-board but
one principal port, San Francisco, and we
have but few navigable rivers, and these im-
mediately contiguous to this port. From-the
coast to the interior there are none. It seems
self-evident that we must supply these defi-
ciencies of nature by works of art. Upon the
coast we must create harbors; we must bring
the interior to the sea by railroads.
Again: California has no seasonable rains.
Drought is her calamity. This we mast over-
come by a system of irrigation. Our water-
sheds are numerous, our mountain lakes and
streams abundant. The water economized by
reservoirs and distributed by a system of irri-
gating canals would not only fertilize the soil,
but clothe the country in perpetual verdure.
The outlets of mountain lakes can be walled up,
and thus inexhaustible supplies of water saved
from the winter rains to refresh the thirsty
plants in summer and fill the arid valleys with
smiling plenty. Yast mountains of rebellious
ores lie distant from the sea in regions desti-
tute of coal and timber. The works for smelt-
ing and handling these must necessarily be
upon the sea-board.
I subjoin and will print in the Globe, with
the permission of the House, some facts upon
this point. Let it suffice to say here that we
require governmental aid to improve our har-
bors; we require aid to construct a railroad
on the thirty-second parallel to San Diego, and
thence, via Los Angeles, to San Francisco;
we require aid to construct reservoirs and
irrigating-canals in various parts of the State,
both in the great valleys and in the mining
counties, and to build railroads into all the
great agricultural valleys; and we require and
are determined to have public men who will
favor all such great public measures.
Facts about bullion mines
and the commerce of Wilmington, Los An-
geles county, California, the nearest port to
the Cerro Gordo bullion mines, situated some
two hundred and seventy-five miles in the
interior, all of this bullion being at pres-
ent hauled to the coast by mule teams, there
being but twenty miles of railroad at present
in all that couutry. To show the capacity
of this country, its varied productions and
its various wants, I will read an extract from
the San Francisco Bulletin of January 10,
1870:
"Los Angeles, January 9.
"The business transacted by the Los Angeles and
San Pedro railroad for the past year, which gives a
near approximation to the whole business of this
district, is aggregated as follows: exports, 7,030 tons,
including 28o,000 gallons of wine and brandy; 7,000
bales wool; 25,000 sacks corn, barley, and rye; 15,01)0
boxes oranges and lemons; 6,000 hides; 2,000,000
pounds bullion. Imports. 10,600 tons, exclusive of
6,000,000 feet of lumber. One hundred and forty-
seven steamships aud fifty-six sailing vessels came
to the port of San Pedro during the year."
This two millions of bullion was hauled a
distance of over two hundred and seventy-
five miles by mule teams. I wish every man
who opposes railroads was compelled to drive
one trip. And this port of Wilmington, the
natural outlet of this vast wealth, although
capable for a small sum of being made a safe
and commodious harbor, has never received
one dollar of Government aid. A railroad
over these two hundred and seventy -five miles,
from the port of Wilmington, in Los Angeles
county, to these rich regions of argentiferous
galena, would be a great national blessing,
for whatever benefits whole communities and
develops the resources of a country is a na-
tional work. I quote in this connection a
portion of a memorial addressed to this House
by the citizens of Los Angeles :
"Local means are insufficient and private enter-
prise inadequate to accomplish the whole design.
Passing east and north from San Bernardino, the
route enters on a region nearly devoid of white pop-
ulation, but notoriously rich in metals. Reports of
the mining resources of some of the districts we
respectfully submit herewith, with such statistical
information as the newness of the country and the
meagerness of material allow. Large portions of
this region are almost made of cheap ores, the work-
ing of which, the present expense of transportation,
supplemented in some measure by the exposure to
Indian outrage on life and property, prevents, even
under existing disadvantages, permitting the work-
ing of the richest leads only. The trade from Wil-
mington to Owen's River,, via Los Angeles, gives
constant employment to fifty ten and twelve mule
teams between the two last-named points, over a
heavy, difficult road of a length of about two hun-
dred and seventy-five miles, and the weight of the
bullion transported—for even the richest ore would
pay little if transported in its crude state—largely
exceeds that of the supplies furnished. This Owen's
lake country the proposed branch will open, while
the trunk will redeem from worthlessness t,o rich-
ness the northern parts ot Arizona and of San Ber-
nardino eounty and southern Nevada.
"Although to reach and bring to light the mineral
wealth of these regions is the principal object in ex-
tending the road thither, they are not without agri-
cultural resources also. Theyarenot a desert without
oases, good soil, and water appealing in places, not
always in sufficient extent and frequency to permit
agricultural export, but certainly enough to insure
a large source of home supply and greatly reducing
the expense of mining, to extensively enlarge thereby
the number of profitable leads.
Your honorable bodies need no reminder to con-
sider thenational advantages following any increased
facilities to the military service in its operations id
a region most of which is still virtually in r : —
of the aborigines.
