1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
673
I like to see young men enter the race of
competition for these offices. I like to see
from every State a class of young men moved
by the ambition and the incentive to some day
fill these places; and by daylight and dark they
toil to obtain the necessary acquirements, and
when they have obtained them, by every rule
of our institutions and every law of right, they
have aright to enter into competition for them,
lull them once and shut the door for thirty
years, only opening it on funeral occasions,
and the incentive to qualify for such places
becomes very small indeed.
Mr. President, what will come next in the
way of legislative hamper or shackle upon
Senators and Kepresentatives is yet to be seen.
You have got them cornered now so that they
must have "eyes right" and "faces to the
fiont," or it is a penal offense. If they say
so and so, it is unlawful. Sir, I said once
what had well-nigh cost me more than I
should like to have this saying cost me. I
said it in an unfortunate latitude, when the
fugitive slave law was in existence, that there
was not power enough in this Government to
make me chase a negro. I assert here now
that there is not power enough in this Govern-
ment to make me hold my tongue if I see them
putting a rascal into office. I could not. It
would be sinful in me if I did, for I may have
knowledge that nobody else possesses. When
the time conies that I cannot join my poor
recommendation to that of nobler and better
citizens, then I think it is time I took my de-
parture from this place, from a place that
needs laws to correct the ordinary moral duties
of life.
ilr. President, I have said more than I in-
tended to say on this subject; but you will re-
member and the Senate will remember that I
have opposed a steady opposition to this whole
character of legislation. It serves to belittle
the Senate in our own estimation and in the
estimation of a gazing world. I repudiate all
necessity for this legislation; and at the proper
time, after my friend from Illinois has had a
full chance at his hill, I shall move, unless
some one else does so, to lay it upon the table,
to sleep, as I hope, the sleep that never wakes.
ilr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I desire to
say only a word or two on this bill. I did not
intend to say anything on the subject, although
1 had made up my mind in regard to it, until
the Senator from Massachusetts made his speech
to-day. I was surprised to find him taking the
side that he did. Knowing him to be a sensi-
ble man, knowing the long service he has had
in public life, coming from the people, as he
does, I was surprised to see him take the course
he has taken in regard to this bill.
Sir, it has been the custom from all time to
praise those who have gone before. History
does not go back of the time when the people
did not talk about those who had preceded
them as being more honest than they; and
to-day, wherever you go, you will find men say-
ing, "The people in these times are bad; in
the olden time they were better." I do not
believe any such thing. 1 believe that men are
advancing, notonly in intelligence, but in virtue
and in honesty. I believe that this Govern-
ment of ours is as well conducted now as ever
■it was since its beginning, and better than ail}'
other Government in the world.
It is customary to talk about the idleness
of the clerks in the Departments in this city,
and of those holding offices in other places.
Take them altogether, I do not believe there
is a more efficient,, a more honest, a more use-
. ful. and a worse paid body of people than the
clerks in these Departments. I have said for
long years that the only wrong that is done
here they do to themselves in accepting these
places, for which they are so poorly paid,
frequently afler coming here they are unable
to leave. Why, sir, within the last week I have
had fifty men coming to me and saying to me
that they would give up their places here if
41st Cong. oi> Suss.—No. 43.
they had the means to get away. Many of
them have served here for years, and have
obtained but a scanty living.
This cry for reform comes from the party in
the minority. It is not new. The party out
of office i3 always complaining of that which
is in office. Sometimes our friends give way
to that cry, and very often when they do so
they do it without reflection. Now, sir, sup-
pose you pass this bill, and a man comes from
Pennsylvania aud asks me to see the President
in his behalf, and I believe that man to be
peculiarly fitted for the place that he seeks;
is there any law to prevent me from going
and telling the President so? That is a duty
above all law which the weakness of Congress
or any legislative body might pass without
proper reflection.
Senators talk about not taking care of your
friends. A man who has no heart may have
no friends, and he may have no feeling of
friendship; but when I cease to have regard
and friendship for those who are my friends, I
will pray God to take me from the earth im-
mediately. If a man is ambitious of getting
a place in this free Government of ours, of
which he is a part, why should he not come
here and ask for it? And why should not I,
whom he has helped to my position, assist hiin
in getting that which he desires? I have never
in my life recommended to the President a
man for office whom I did not believe fitted for
the place, and especially in the revenue ser-
vice. I have never recommended a man there
whom I did not believe better fitted than any-
body else who had been presented for the
place ; and I shall continue to do so.
Sir, look at the history of all parties with
reference to this subject. The last act of the
administration of the elder Adams was, by
some congressional legislation, to turn out all
the judges appointed under the Constitution
and put in his own friends. Every man who
had not been a supporter of old John Adams
was turned out of office, as I remember his-
tory. Mr. Adams commenced by saying that
men who were peculiarly fitted for places ought
not to be removed, and should not be p and
Mr. Jefferson pursued that course, removing
very few men. There were not many offices
tlfen to be filled, but whenever vacancies oc-
curred he put m his own friends. Was not that
right? Will not the friends of an Administra-
tion be likely to be more faithful to it than its
enemies.' i think so. So it was in the time
of Mr. Madison ; so it was in the time of Mr.
Monroe: none but the supporters of the Ad-
ministration were then put into office. When
General Jackson came in he was a little more
liberal toward his friends. He made removals
of those whom he thought dishonest; but no
man peculiarly fitted for a place was removed
by him. Why, sir, there yet remain in office
men who were appointed before General Jack-
son went into the Presidency. No Adminis-
tration has ever thought of removing a man
who was better fitted than anybody else by his
experience for the place that he occupied.
Who believes, after we shall have given place
to the Democratic party, if they ever get our
places, that they will not turn out every Repub-
lican in office? Did they not give warning the
moment Andrew Johnson became recreant to
his party that every Bepublican, or every Rad-
ical, as thoy called them then, should be dis-
placed by somebody else? To be sure they did.
Did we not every day that we went into execu-
tive session here have a contest over good men
who were turned out of office only because t.hey
were not willing to support the treachery of the
President then in power?
It lias always been so, and it will be so. We
are too apt to listen to the admonitions and
the advice of our opponents without reflection.
Let us look at this measure in the light of com-
mon sense; and what good can come of it?
Does the Senator from Illinois suppose he will
be saved a bit of trouble, if he is governed only
by his desire to avoid personal solicitation, by
the passage of a bill of this kind? I think not.
If he will not himself call upon the President,
his friends will persuade him to call upon some-
body else who may go, and in the goodness of
his heart—for he has a heart—he will use such
influence as he can.
Besides, to my mind it is ridiculous to sup-
pose that Senators can be prevented from act-
ing as citizens. How will you prevent it?
By no law. Where is'the jury that would send
me to the penitentiary because if the Senator
frorn Illinois had left his seat here I should
advise the President of the United States to
appoint him to some high place, for which I
knew he would be so well fitted? Nobody
would do that, and nobody expects it.
When this measure was introduced I was
glad of it, because it was an admonition to peo-
ple not to come Ijere and ask for office. I have
thought, from the beginning of my experience
here, that the greatest misfortune a man could
have put upon him was to get a place in Wash-
ington city. I remember a case in my early
boyhood of a young man for whom I had a
great regard, who came here and got himself
an appointment in the Marine corps. The
same place was offered to me. In conversing
with a gentleman then in power, Mr. Ingham,
afterward Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States, who was kind to me, he said,
"I shall get you that place if you desire it;
but my advice to you is to remain at your
trade, work hard, be frugal, be thrifty, culti-
vate yourself, and you can h,ave a place far
beyond that." The young gentleman who got
that place instead of myself when I came into
the Senate was the first man to meet me and
ask me to loan him five dollars. He had
wasted long years of his life, and he was a
lieutenant yet. I know men in these Depart-
ments who are fit to fill the highest places in
the Government, who are now fourteen hun-
dred or sixteen-hundred dollar clerks, and who
have not means enough to educate their chil-
dren or to clothe their wives. I have had many
appeals to assist them in getting bread in this
city of Washington; men who, if they had
remained at home and had aspired to office,
could have the highest that the State had to
give, and who, if they had turned half the
industry and half the energy they employ here
in any capacity at home even as mechanics
or laborers, wbuld have been able to support
themselves much better than they do now.
Only the other day I saw a man removed
who has been here over thirty years; a man of
the highest culture, the highest intellect, and
the best character that a man could have : but
he had been here so long that he had to give
way to somebody else. He is going abroad,
now, without anything to support him. That
man, if he had never come into' office would
undoubtedly have been prosperous and happy,
with a happy and cultivated family about, him.
These things happen, and they will happen
in any Government. You can make no laws
here which will prevent the head of a Depart-
ment selecting somebody for whom he has a
personal feeling, in preference to somebody
that he knows nothing about. I am for leav-
ing this thing as it has been in the past, and
let nature work out its own way. Some men
will be prosperous and some will not; some
will do wrong and some will not. But you
can make no laws here which will regulate
this thing upon Utopian doctrines.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Pennsylvania misunderstands me it be
supposes that I am one of those who believe
thattlie past was better than the present. What
I wish to do is to surround ourselves by such
rules and regulations that we shall not be ins-
pected by any honest and Hpright man in the
country of doing anything that is improper.
The Senator from Nevada complains that
we cannot get a sheet of paper without writing
an order for it. "-Sir, we made that ruleto pro-
