i87i.]
APPE3SPIX TO, THE OONGEESSIOFAL .GLOBE.
65
41st Cons....3d Sess.
St. Croix and Bayfield Railroad—Mr. Acctell.
Ho. of Bepb.
'It is not intended nor required, nor would tlie
expense of material and its transportation warrant
that this workshould beof the heavy class necessary
for the transcontinental road, but is proposed to
be a substantial narrow-gauge track, such as hare
already gained an established reputation for effi-
ciency in Europe and the Atlantic States, and of a
capacity ample forthe required service, even "on the
most extravagant estimate. This class of road has
of late been frequently noticed with high commend-
ations in scientific prints, and in England, especially,
is coming into extensive use for the carriage of coals
and ores, precisely the service for which this project
is principally advanced.
" This, in brief, is the plan of the undertaking, and
puch the benefits to be expected from its accomplish-
ment, which, with the subjoined reports, &c., we
respectfully submit, praying the careful considera-
tion thereof by your honorable bodies, and such
congressional subsidy as on such consideration the
bcneficial results of the enterprise will, we are
assured, abundantly appear to deserve."
To show the quantity of bullion in the dis-
trict from which this was hauled, I will publish
a statement of results obtained from fourteen
mines, sampled as they occur, regardless of
assorting:
Value
i. Galena Ores. per ton,
1. Sampled 8 feet wide ore; much vein mat-
ter ; about 1-5 ore, 4-5 waste  $25 12
2. SampledS feet wideore; about4-7 ore, 6-7
waste; easily assorted; some copper  12 50
3. Sampled 2h feet wide ore; about i ore, t
wasteincopper; no antimony; the gale-
na, in spots, has to be concentrated by
washing   -  25 12
4. Sampled 6 leet wide ore; about £ ore, i
waste; some copper; no antimony  5197
5. Sampled 2 feet wide ore, (in a vein 15 feet
wide;)iore,I waste; contains antimony;
veiy little copper ores  91 10
G. Sampled 4 feet wide ore; very ferruginous;
hard to assort; traces of copper..,   58 11
7. Sampled 1* feet wide ore; ?s ore, i waste;
galena in spots; no copper .... 36 23
8. Sampled 16 feet wide ore; y ore, $ waste;
ferruginous; can be easily assorted  45 55
9. Sampled 17 feet wide ore; 1-5 ore, 4-5
waste; no copper; can be easily assorted
by running; vein matter very crumbly,
irom the decomposition of its i$pn ores.. 12 56
10. Sampled 6 feet wide ore; £ ore,'? waste;
oxidized some; no antimony or copper;
ore occurs in pocket    43 98
11. Sampled 4 feet wide ore; y ore, f waste
in a vein 12 feet wide; waste easily as-
sorted    42 41
12. Sampled 14 feet wide ore; an average
through all the slope of amine; is as-
sorted,on the dumper, throwing aside
one half the waste  100 53
13. Sampled 1J feet wide ore; ? oie, f waste, m
a 7 foot wide vein; can be assorted in
extracting ore from the mine  84 82
it. Copper Ores.
1. Sampled 8 feet ore, width little developed;
only stain of malachite—cannot be called
ore—was taken from croppings as a pros-
pect     6 28
2. Sampled 8 feet ore: t ore, k wa?te; vein 10
feet wide, mostly copper, lazur, ana
malachite and antimonial ores, easily
assorted 
3. Sampled 7 feet ore; width £ ore, -k waste;
some galena, not refractory 
4. Sampled 2? feet ore width; veinSfeetwide;
not refractory ore.... 
5. Sampled 8feet; width of vein *;can be
easily assorted to 1-6 ore, 5-6 waste 
6 Sampled 5 width of vein; sampled it as it
would be taken out, before any assort-
ing could be done to it; ore in spots; no
galena; can be easily assorted by hand ;
1-16 ore, 15-16 waste   
7. Sampled 4 feet vein width; docile ore; lit-
tle lead; will assort y ore, I waste 
8. Sampled 2a-, vein being two separate pay-
streaks in a vein 6 feet wide; does not
require much care in assorting; contains
some antimonial ores 
9. Sampled 3 feetore width; vein4feetwide;
contains considerablegalena; is assorted
to about? ore,! waste; contains antimo-
nial ores ; ....................
10. Sampled a vein3feet wide and picked the
wasto out, forming about a ore a waste,
docile ore; may possibly be amalga-
mated with good results; contains no
galena; may be called an average 
11. Sampled a vein which is 45 feet wide on
the croppings, showing the ore only in
stains; contains about lOper cent, galena;
mostly copper ores; ores ean be easily ex-
tracted by themselves; the 45 feet show
about 18 inches of ore, not worked any
at all       
12. Sampled 3Heet ore width, mostly highly
oxidized ores, such as lazar and mala-
chite; vein 5 feet wide; can be easily
assorted  
316 14
101 73
80 10
31 42
10:98
47 13
105 39
168 06
106 83
7 S5
105 75
13. Sampled several ore seams of several
widths, from two inches to one foot,
occurring in a vein 6 to 7 feet wide, con-
taining little galena, showing the ore
about as it can be extracted, with little '
assorting   115 15
li. Sampled an average of all tho veins in tho
southwestern- portion of the district.
They show little ore; the croppings
show only malachite stains'? rock was
not assorted,- but taken as , it came.
This ore can be very easily assorted,
yielding probably only one sixteenth of
its bulk in ore fit for beneficiation   42 11
There are hundreds of these veins. There
are absolutely, without exaggeration, mount-
ains of these ores.
To further illustrate this subject and show
this source of national wealth, I insert a de-
scription, from a §an Francisco journal, of the
smelting-works of Thomas H. Selby Co.,
in that city, the largest, arid indeed the only
extensive and complete establishment on the
coast for the management of rebellious ores :
"They were started by Mr. Selby, our present
mayor, some four years ago, for the purpose of sup-
plying lead of home production to his shot-tower and
lead-pipe factory, onthecorner of First andHoward
streets in this city. The undertaking was, at tho
outset, projected upon a very limited scale, the ca-
pacity of the works being restricted to the above
requirements. The establishment contained but a
single furnace, capable of treating not more perhaps
than fifty or sixty tons per month. But the site and
other advantages were selected with a view to en-
largement when called for; Once inaugurated, the
business grew beyond anticipation. From timo to
time additions to the works became necessary, and
the establishment, keeping pace with the require-
ments, grew, year by year, until it has attained its
present vast proportions. It now outranks all sim-
ilar ones in the United States.
" The Bullion Product.—'This at present aggregates
to over five hundred tons per month, which quantity
will be augmented fully sixty per cent, inside of
two months. There will soon, be facilities at com-
mand forhandling one thousand tons of crude bul-
lion every month. With the exception of this estab-
lishment, the one at Newark. New Jersey, is the
largest in the United States. But the business done
here is already thrice as large as that done atNew-
ark. The magnitude of the transactions here can
be indicated by the statement that eight annealing
furnaces are kept constantly employed in refining
aud parting lead bullion, the quantity of this oper-
ated upon averaging two hundred and fifty tons per
The Past and the Future.—At the commencement
of operations the management of the works labored
under great disadvantage in being obliged to pick up
ore in driblets wherever it could be found, there be-
ing no steady or at least large and certain sources of
supply. A few tons atmosteonstitutcdarespectable
consignment. Now ores arrive by the car-load and
cargo, whole trains in fact arriving freighted with
these precious staples. It is literally the case that
the metals of various kinds are roughly estimated
at these works by the cord, tho quantities which
sometimes accumulate being so enormous as to jus-
tify this method of computation.
"And yet, looking at the immensity of this class of
ores within easy reach, the conviction is forced upon
us that this industry is yet in its infancy. When
railroads are built, as they soon will be, connecting
San Francisco with the more distant and prolific
mining fields, we may expcot to witness such, an
expansion of this pursuit as will multiply its im-
portance many fold. Already, with but one snch
channel of communication extending into the dis-
tant interior, the ore receipts of the past year have
aggregated some fourteen or fifteen thousand tons,
being more than double the receipts of the preced-
ing year. About eighty or ninety per ceut, of these
receipts find their way to the works wo have beea
describing. , _ _ T
"Fromthesmrtll mining camp of Oerro wordo, Inyo
county, over two hundred thousand pounds ot lead
bullion, fertile in silver, have come to this port dur-
ing the past year, the most of which was under con-
signment to these works. The Eureka Consolidated
Company of Nevada have of late run from their fur-
naces twenty thousand pounds per day of a similar
product, though richer in silver. The bulk of this
has had the same destination. A few days since
sixty thousand pounds, comprising three car-loads,
of bullion arrived here from the works of that com-
pany, having been personally contracted for by Mr.
Selby. These parties have mfcde trials at Newark
and elsewhere, but find that they can receive closer
returns here. The Eureka company's bullion has
yielded here $380 per ton. The managers of various
other mining interests in Utah and Nevada have ot
late become, and still are becoming, convinced that
they can best subserve their own advantages by con-
si^nin0- their ores to San Franeisco. It is proper to
state in this connection that the proprietors of the
Selby works are the owners of the exclusive right to
use a certain metal lurgieal process, which they think
enables them to perform their work at considerable
reduction in expense.
"Numerous other facts might be adduced to show
that San Francisco is a natron I entrepCt of this
class of ores for ill parts of the Pacific slope. Her
geographical position rendering her the fbeus of
the entire railroad system of the coast ag well oa
of the ocean steamship line3, through which China
and Japan are to receive their supplies of bullion,
the greater cheapness here of subsistence and all
material for the reduction of ores, the incompara-
ble excellence of her climate, enabling workmen to
perform their labors with more health and comfort
than elsewhere, the concentration in this city of
greater skill, intelligence, and capital, and, finally,
overlooking many secondary advantages, tho estab-
lishment already of smelting-works which, it is
believed, are second in every desirable attribute to
none in the world, constitute some of the prominent
reasons why San Francisco may be expected to draw
the bulk of this class of ores for treatment. It is a *
peculiarity of many of our richest mining districts
that they are deficient in the prime staples of fuel
and water, and are necessitated to send their smelt-
ing ores away for reduction.
"For the entire region west of the Sierra and
reaching southeast to Mexico, .as well as for tho
entire northern coast, this city is the natural eyitre-
p6tt while the lower freights and incidental charges,
lessened loss and quicker as well as larger returns,
have already determined that wo shall be able to
command the bulk of shipments from points as
far east as Salt Lake, and, by inference, of all inter-
mediate and adjacent points. The miner should
remember, in shipping ores hither, that those of a
tolerably high grade are tho most advantageous to
all concerned, and should assort them accordingly.
Yet every facility is hero afforded for having orog
sampled and their exact value ascertained before
they are disposed of, and this with tile greatest expe-
dition and at very trifling oost. _
14 The reputation of the proprietors of these works
is so well established that tho owners of rebellious
ores can rely on receiving liberal treatment and
largo and speedy returns. The proprietors are ready
to advance freight charges on all fair-grade ores
consigned to them, looking to final returns for reim-
bursement."
The State of California is greater in extent
than the whole of New England, New York,
and Pennsylvania combined. The only ques- .
tion is, how can we render this domain product-
ive? No one dreams of parting with it; all
desire to make it available. Do you propose
to hold it for the simple purpose of realizing
$1 25 an acre from its sale, leaving all its mil-
lions of precious wealth undeveloped? Would
you do this if it was your dwn private estate?
or do you reserve it for the actual settler, oc
to remain, aa it has for thousands of years* a
lair for the coyote and Digger? I say extend
your lines of survey over it at once, that each
man may clearly know the boundary of his land;
give one half of it in alternate sections to any
responsible railroad company who will build
a good road, restricting them in their charters
to reasonable fares, to be regulated from time
to time by Congress; give liberally in alternate
sections t;o all companies who will construct
reservoirs and ca,nals, binding them in their
charters to sell the water at reasonable prices,
without favor or discrimination ; and sell the
balance of the lands to the highest bidders for
cash, and thus encourage settlement and_ de-
velopment, redeem this land from desolation,
and give it away to settlement.
Can any man devise any better plan to do
this than by giving a portion of these lands,
which have remained idle and unproductive
since the flood, to create a fund with which,
these wild and waste places can be brought
under the dominion or man, redeemed from
desolation, and compelled to pour their stores
of wealth into the lap of commerce? How
absurd sounds the assertion that the nation is
parting with these lands, when we are simply
bringing them under our practical dominion !
The Government does not, cannot part with
this vast estate. Not a foot of soil has ever
been given away or sold away from the Union.
Our cities, with their princely palaces,, our
cultivated farms, as well as these arid, sterile,
silver mountains, are all alike the property
of the United States! all alike pledged, to the
last dollar, for her support andher defense.
Nature gave these vast plains to solitude;
let us redeem them and restore them to the
dominion of man. She gave them to the coyote
and the Digger; let us redeem them to civil-
ization, and give them to the family, to the
41st Oong. 3d Sess.—No. 5.
