1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1499
Insert tho following under the head of Washing-
ton Territory:
From Steilacoom City, via Yakahama Valley, to
Walla-Walla City.
F'roui Steilacoom City to San Francisco.
From Steilacoom City to the Sandwich Islands.
Insert under the head of Wisconsin:
From Berlin, via Neshkoro, Dakota, and Hichford,
to Coloma,
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. WARNER. I offer a small amend-
ment, simply to make a route two miles long
from a town to a railroad station, made neces-
sary by the building of a new road. The
amendment is to insert after line fourteen,
tinder the head of "Alabama," "from Ash-
ville, St. Clair county, to Holloman's Station,
on the Alabama and Chattanooga railroad."
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
Tlie bill was read the third time, and passed.
AMENDMENT TO ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WILSON and Mr.' McDONALD sub-
mitted amendments intended to be proposed
by them to the bill (H. R. No. 28X6J making
appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 30, 1872, and for
other purposes; which were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION' BILL.
Mr. COLE. I call for the regular order.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 2615) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
so-called treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1872,
and for other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate at the time of the recess
was the amendment of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to insert an amendment after line
two hundred and fifty-two, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment is after line two hundred and fifty two,
to insert:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may he ne-
cessary, to be used at the discretion of the President,
to carry on the work ot instructing and aiding the
Chippewas of Lake Superior, including the Bois6
.Fort band, in the arts of civilization, with a view to
their self-support, 515.000.
Mr. COLE. I had the floor, I believe, at
the time of the recess. I have a remark or
two to add to what 1 said at the time. Some
little dispute seems to have arisen as to the
number of these Indians. I find in the census
report of the Indians for the year 1867, the
Chippewas of Lake Superior, the band now
under consideration, are set down as number-
ing ten hundred and sixty. I see in subsequent
reports, however, that a larger number is given
as constituting this tribe; but with them evi-
dently have been incorporated some other tribes
or fragments of tribes of Indians, in order to
make up the larger number. But no matter
about that; the whole number is not very
large; and if all that claim to be entitled to
the benefits of this treaty are allowed to
participate in the advantages of it, the sum
that is provided by the treaty is sufficient for
the whole. We have appropriated something
over $30,000 for these Indians,_ and we have
been appropriating that sum tor seventeen
successive years; sixteen prior to this, ana
we are now appropriating " for the seventeenth
of twenty installments," which are due under
the treaty with them. We have been appro-
priating for these Indians to bring about a
condition of things that it is claimed will be
brought about provided this amendment is
adopted; that is to say these sums have been
appropriated from year to year for the pur-
pose of bringing then to a condition of civil-
ization.
I find in the various items of the laws which
have been adopted heretofore in reference to
them full provisions for the establishment of
all branches of industry, mechanical pursuits
as well as farming. I find provision made, and
liberal provision, too, " for carpenters' and
other tools and building materials," for "six
smiths;" and then, again, in an immediately
following clause, an appropriation for aseventh
smith; and then, further along, provision "for
support of smith and shop." It would seem
that these Indians were engaged in mechanical
pursuits to some considerable extent, that they
were engaged in the ordinary industries upon
which people subsist, while they have the ben-
efit among them of mechanics paid by the
Government, smiths, at least, to the number of
eight. It seems to me it is full timethat after
these seventeen years they should have assumed
some independence, and not be coming to Con-
gress for an allowance of $15,000 in addition
to the amount that is provided for them under
the treaty.
If I were to estimate the total amount they
have received it would be a very large sum,
some thirty-three thousand dollars and upward
each year for seventeen years, and under the
treaty to be continued for twenty years—a very
large sum indeed ; and this has been expended
from time to time for the purpose of establish-
ing these Indians in the industrial pursuits
upon which they will be able to subsist.
If we are now, in addition to the treaties,
to appropriate, as in this case, a large sum in
gross to further enable them to adopt the habits
of civilized life there is no reason why, in ref-
erence-to all the other tribes with which we
have treaties, there should not be, in addition
to the sums provided in the treaties, large sums
awarded them. And if we are to pursue that
policy we shall find ourselves not only obliged
from year to year to pay what the treaties call
for, and the small sums that are provided for
those Indians with whom we have no treaties,
but we shall find ourselves obliged in a little
while to appropriate large sums in addition
to what the treaties call for; and instead of
the $5,000,000 we are now appropriating for
Indians by our annual appropriation bill, it
will soon be double that amount.
Mr. President, only a few years ago, I be-
lieve about the commencement of the war, the
total amount appropriated for the Indian ser-
vice throughout the whole United States was
not to exceed $2,000,000. It in a few years
ran up to more than three million dollars, and
now we find a bill presented to us from the
House of Representatives including the amount
of $5,048,347 58. The Senate Committee on
Appropriations cut this sum down the amount
of $637,638 55, so that the amount that the
Senate Committee on Appropriations are will-
ing shall be embodied in this bill amounts to
nearly four and a half miilion dollars, twice
what we were appropriating a few years ago
for the whole Indian service, when the Indians
were more numerous than they are to-day.
But what do we find? The Indian Com-
mittee of this body propose amendments which,
if they are adopted, will increase the amount
in the bill by $1,468,377 31, making the total
amount something like six millions and a half.
Where are we to stop? When shall we stop?
If we are to adopt amendments like this now
pending we shall never cease to increase the
annual amount appropriated for the Indian
service. I hold that where there is a treaty
with Indians, a treaty, too, with tribes which
are evidently growing less numerous year by
year, we should abide by that treaty, even
though it be made with but a fragment of a
tribe, even though it be made with a parcel
of barbarians, even though it be made with
irresponsible parties, who cannot read," who
cannot sign their names. Yet we have, in
order to preserve the good faith of the nation,
determined by our action heretofore, and
from which we do not intend to depart, I hope,
to stand by these treaties with the tribes with
which we have treaties, and to make some
little appropriation in addition to those tribes
with which we have no treaties. But when
we have determined to abide by our obliga-
tions under these treaties with Indian tribes
let them be content with the amount that is
provided for in the treaties. The treaties at
the time they were made were intended to
cover all their wants, as a rule, and no doubt
did cover all their wants, and in many cases
much more.
I say. and I say with a great deal of empha-
sis, as much as I can command, that this
policy of adding $15,000, more or less, to the
amounts provided in the treaties is an exceed-
ingly vicious policy, and one which ought not
to be entered upon. As the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs proposes to make
this a test question, let me call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that this is a new
policy which we are entering upon. I hope
the Senate will not sustain this amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish to correct a mis-
apprehension of the honorable Senator from
California as to the number of Indians provid-
ed for in this small appropriation of $15,000.
The Chippewas of Lake Superior are between
four and five thousand in number and the
Bois6 Fort Indians are a thousand in number.
The honorable Senator says that for sixteen
years we have made large appropriations
under the treaty for these Indians. Would
he propose to refuse to pay them the install-
ments hereafter becoming due? What for!
For their lands, the extensive territory that
they have given you in return for the treaty
stipulations which you have been carrying out
for sixteen years. Because you have paid
eight, nine, or ten installments, is that any
reason why you should refuse to pay the final
installment, why you should stop appropriating
for these Indians?
Mr. COLE. Allow me to say that I do not
propose to stop until we get through with the
treaty obligations, which will not be for three
years to come.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then why use the argument
that we are paying them these sums, when in
doing it we are simply carrying out our obli-
gations ?
Mr. COLE, I propose that they shall be
paid the amount provided for in the treaty,
to wit: some $80,000 this year; and further I
will state to the Senator from Minnesota that
these Indians are upon a reservation thirty-six
miles square. They are well situated already,
upon excellent land. They are well provided
for. In addition to the vast amount-of resources
which they have from their lands, we are pay-
ing them thirty-odd thousand dollars a year,
and now the proposition is to add to that
$15,000 more.
Mr. RAMSEY. It does not amount to three
dollars a head, this enormous appropriation
that the Senator dreads so terribly! We
made larger Indian appropriations this year
than last, and for the last ten years they
have been increasing, because by your rail-
roads encompassing the whole country you
have brought yourselves in communication
with Indian tribes that you scarcely knew the
names of ten years ago. That is the reason
why the appropriations from year to year have
been increasing, and will increase until we pro-
vide for these tribes some kind of government.
The Chippewas of Lake Superior, as I said
before, are the most improvable of all the In-
dians on this continent; and if it is proper to
make an appropriation for the civilization and
improvement of any tribes, it is most proper
that it should be done for the Chippewa tribe.
It is not money wasted. You vote a great deal
to the various bands of Sioux, among whom
there is no effort at improvement, but it is not
so with the Chippewas. Every cent spent
among them is well spent.
Mr. NYE. I have a word to say to the
Senate ou this appropriation. We have been
changing the policy of the treatment of our
Indian affairs ever since I have known any-
thing of public life, and every change of the
policy brings an additional call for money.
