APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Japnary 27,
Ho. o® Reps.
St. Croix and Bayfield Railroad—Mr.
Knott.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
school-house, and to the church. These lands
are ours, and will remain ours as long as the
stars shine in the sky, and gleam on our flag.
Whether' poor and unproductive as now, or
rich with developed millions of smiling wealth,
depends upon the policy we adopt, upon our
wisdom to foster and develop, or upon out
folly to delay and retard !
St. Croix and Bayflehl Railroad.
SPEECH OP HON. J. PROCTOR KNOTT,
of kentucky,
Is the House op Representatives,
January 27, 1871. (
Tbo House having under consideration the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 11) extending tho time to con-
struct, a railroad from the St. Croix river or lake to
the west end of Lake Superior and to Bayfield—
Mr. KNOTT said:
Mr. Speakf.r : If I could be actuated by any
conceivable inducement to betray the sacred
trust reposed in me by those to whose gener-
ous confidence I am indebted for the honor of
a seat on this floor; if I could be influenced
by any possible consideration to become instru-
mental in giving away, in violation of then-
known wishes, any portion of their interest
in the public domain for the mere promotion
of any railroad enterprise whatever, I should
certainly feel a strong inclination to give this
measure my most earnest and hearty support;
for I am assured that its success would mate-
rially enhance the pecuniary prosperity of some
of the most valued friends E have on earth ;
friends for whose accommodation I would be
willing to make almost, any sacrifice not involv-
ing my personal honor or my fidelity as the
trustee of an express trust. And that fact of
itself would be sufficient to countervail almost
any objection I might entertain to the passage
of this bill not inspired by an imperative and
inexorable sense of public duty.
But, independent of the seductive influences
of private friendship, to which I admit I am,
perhaps, as susceptible as any of the gentlemen
I see around me, the intrinsic merits of the
measure itself are of such an extraordinary
character as to commend it most strongly to
the favorable consideration of every member
of this House, myself not excepted, notwith-
standing my constituents, in whose behalfalone
I am acting here, would not be beneficed by
its passage one. particle more than they would
be by a project to cultivate an orange grove
on the bleakest summit of Greenland's icy
mountains. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, as to those great trunk lines of
railway, spanning the continent from ocean to
ocean, I confess my mind has never been fully
made up. It is true they may afford some
trifling advantages to local traffic, and they
may even in time become the channels of a
more extended commerce. Yet 1 have never
been thoroughly satisfied either of the neces-
sity or expediency of projects promising such
meager results to the great body of our people.
But with regard to the transcendent merits of
the gigantic enterprise contemplated in this
bill 1 never entertaiued the shadow of a doubt.
[Laughter.]
Years ago, when I first heard that there was
somewhere in the vast terra incognita, some-
where in the bleak regions of the great North-
west, a stream of water known to the nomadic
inhabitants of the neighborhood as the river
St. Croix, i befcame satisfied that the construc-
tion of a railroad from that raging torrent to
some point in the civiiized world was essential
to the happiness and prosperity of the Amer-
ican people, if not absolutely indispensable to
the {serpetuity of republican institutions on this
<?optinent« [Great.laughter.] Ifeltinstinctively
that the boundless resources of that prolific
region of sand and pine shrubbery would never
be fully developed without a railroad con-
structed and equipped at the expense of the
Government, and perhaps hot then. [Laugh-
ter.] I had an abiding presentiment that, some
day or other, the people of this whole country,
irrespective of party affiliations, regardless of
sectional prejudices, and "without distinction
of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude," would rise in their majesty and demand
an outlet for the enormous agricultural pro-
ductions of those vast and fertile pine bar-
rens, drained in the rainy season by the
surging waters of the turbid St. Croix. [Great
laughter.]
These impressions, derived simply and solely
from the "eternal fitness of things," were not
only strengthened by the interesting and elo-
quent debate on this bill, to which I listened
with so much pleasure the. other day, but in-
tensified, if possible, as I read over this morn-
ing the lively colloquy which took place on that
occasion, as I find it reported in last Friday's
Globe. I will ask the indulgence of the House
while I read a few short passages, which are
sufficient, in my judgment, to place the merits
of the great enterprise contemplated in the
measure now under discussion beyond all pos-
sible controversy.
The honorable gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Wilson,] who I believe is managing this
bill, in speaking of the character of the coun-
try through which this railroad is to pass, says
this:
"Wo want to have tho timber brought to us as
cheaply as possible. Now, if you tie up tho lands in
this way, so that no title can be obtained to tbcm—
for no settler will go on these lands, for he cannot
make a living—you deprive us of the benefit of that
timber."
Now, sir, I would not have it by any means
inferred from this that the gentleman from
Minnesota would insinuate that the people out
in his section desire this timber merely for the
purpose of fencing up their farms so that their
stock may not wander off and die of starva-
tion among the bleak bills of the St. Croix.
[Laughter.] I read it for no such purpose, sir,
and make no such comment on it myself. In
corroboration of this statement of the gentle-
man from Minnesota, I find this testimony
given by the honorable gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Washburn.] Speaking of these
same lands he says:
"'Under the bill, as amended by my friend from
Minnesota, nine tenths of the land is open to actual
settlers at 82 50 per aore; the remaining one tenth
is pine-timbered land, that is not fit for settlement,
and never will bo settled upon; but the timber will
be cut off. X admit that it is the most valuable por-
tion of the grant, for most of the grant is not valu-
able. It is quite valueless; and if you put in this
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana you
may as well just kill the bill, for no man and no
company will take the grant and build the road."
I simply pause here to ask some gentleman
better versed in the science of mathematics
than I am to tell me if the timbered lands are
in fact the most valuable portion of that sec-
tion of country, and they would be entirely
valueless without the timber that is on them,
what the remainder of the land is worth which
has no timber on it at all. [Laughter.]
But further on I find a most entertaining and
instructive interchange of views between the
gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Rogers,] the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn,]
and the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters,]
upon the subject of pine lands generally, which
1 will tax the patience of the House to read:
"Mr. Rogers. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. Washbukn, of Wisconsin. Certainly.
" Mr. Rogers. Are these pine lands entirely
worthless except for timber?
"Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin. They are gen-
erally worthless for any other purpose. I am per-
fectly familiar with that subject. These lands are
not valuable for purposes of settlement.
"Mr. Farxsworth. They will be after the tim-
ber is taken off.
"Mr. WASHStiBN, of Wisconsin. No, sir.
"Mr. Rogers. X wa^t to know the charactcr of
these pine lands. .
" Mr. Washburn, of tvisconsin. Ihey are gen-
erally sandy, barren lands. My friend from the
Green Bay district [Mr. Sawyer] is himself per-
fectly familiar wit(i this question, and ho will bear
me out <n what I say, that these pine timber lands
are not adapted to settlement.
"Mr. Rogers. The pine lands to which I am
accustomed are generally very good. What I want
to know is what is the difference between our pine
land= and your pine lands.
" Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin, The pine timber
of Wisconsin generally grows upon barren, sandy
land. The gentleman from Maine. [Mr. Peters,]
who is familiar with pine lands,^vill Ihave no doubt
say thatpine timber grows generally upon the most
barren lands.
Mr. Peters. As a general thing pine lands aro
not worth much for cultivation."
And further on I find this pregnant question,
the joint production of the two gentlemen from
Wisconsin:
"Mr. Paine. Does my friend from Indiana sup-
pose that in any event settlers will occupy and cul-
tivate these pine lands?
" Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin. Particularly with-
out a railroad ?"
Yes, sir, '' particularly without a railroad."
It will be asked after awhile, I am afraid, if
settlers will go anywhere unless the Govern-
ment builds a railroad for them to go on.
[Laughter.]
I desire to call attention to only one more
statement, which I think sufficient to setlle
the question. It is one made by the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe,] who sa>s:
"These lands will be abandoned for the present.
It may be that at some remote period there will
spring up in that region a new kind of agriculture
which will cause a demand for these particular lands;
and they may then come into use and be valuable
for agricultural purposes. But I know, and I can-
not help thinking thn.t my friend from Indiana un-
derstands, that for the present, and for many years
to come, these pine landscan have no possible valuo
other than that arising from the pine timber which
stands oa them."
Now, sir, who, after listening to this emphatic
and unequivocal testimony of these intelligent,
competent, and able-bodied witnesses, [laugh-
ter ;] who that is not as incredulous as St.
Thomastbimself, will doubt for a moment that
the Goshen of America is to be found in the
sandy valleys and upon the pine-clad hills of
the St. Croix? [Laughter.] Who will have the
hardihood to rise in his seat on this floor and
assert that, excepting the pine bushes, the
entire region would not produce vegetation
enough in ten years to fatten a grasshopper?
[Great laughter.] Where is the patriot who is
willing that -his country shall incur the peril
of remaining another day without the amplest
railroad connection with such an inexhaustible
mine of agricultural wealth? [Laughter.] Who
will answer for the consequences of abandon-
ing a great and warlike people, in possession
of a country like that, to brood over the in-
di (Terence and neglect of their Government?
[Laughter]. How long would it be before
they would take to studying the Declaration of
Independence and hatching out the damnable
heresy of secession ? How long before the
grim demon of civil discord would rear again
his horrid head in our midst, "gnash loud his
iron fangs and shake his crest of bristling
bayonets?" [Laughter.]
Then, sir, think of the long and painful pro-
cess of reconstruction that must follow with
its concomitant amendments to the Constitu-
tion : the seventeenth, eighteenth, and nine-
teenth articles.' The sixteenth, it is of course
understood, is to be appropriated to those
blushing damsels who are, day after day, be-
seeching us to let them vote, hold office, drink
cock-tails, ride astraddle, and do everything
else the men do. [Roars of laughter. ] But
above all, sir, let me implore you to reflect for
a single moment on the deplorable condition
of our country in case of a foreign war, with
all our ports blockaded, all our cities in a state
of siege, the gaunt specter of famine brooding
like a hungry vulture over our starving land;
our commissary stores all exhausted, and our
