1500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Not content with carrying oat our treaty stipu-
lations with these Indians upon a broader basis
of philanthropy we are asked to give an addi-
tional sum equal in amount to half the sum
which we stand obligated to pay them. Now
there is an idea which I wish to suggest to the
Senate, and the sooner the country comes to
it the better for the country and the better for
the Indiaus. This idea of keeping the Indians
isolated away from civilization is madness, if
you seek the civilization and Christianization
of the tribes. All the precepts that this com-
mission can preach or teach will never civilize
or Christianize the Indians. Civilization and
Christianization are taught by example, and no
isolation, away off on a tract thirty-six miles
square, will ever civilize or Christianize an
Indian.
Mr. President, I have a little experience
upon this subject. In the State of Nevada
the tribe of Washoe Indians was the first tribe
in the State among whom white civilization
and population found their way, and to-day
there are not a hundred of that tribe who wear
a blanket or dress in the Indian costume.
They dress as the whites dress, they eat as
the whites eat, and they work as the whites
work. What has caused it? It is because
they came in contact with that civilization and
Christianization which improve by example
every day.
Sir, yon may take twenty thousand of the
most enlightened people of Massachusetts and
put them to day where the Cherokees are,
without any rightful ownership of the soil, at
least with no individual ownership in the soil,
and with no inducement to toil and iabor for
personal gain, and let them rely upon these
annual appropriations, and in twenty years
they will become semi-barbarians, even under
the guidance of this Indian commission.
Sir, civilization or Christianization does not
live alone. It is not taught by one example,
but. it is by a living and ever-present example
of the advantages of it; and this theory of iso-
lating Indians and attempting to thrust upon
them civilization and Christianization nolens
volens, without example, is madness. It costs
our country millions and results in the deci-
mation of their tribes by internal conflict.
Sir, the honorable Senator from California
is startled at this increase of expenditure. It
has-been growing as gradually as the tribes
have diminished. Every new experiment
brings a new burden upon the people's shoul-
ders, but not any of the experiments has re-
sulted in the civilization, to any great extent,
or the Christianization of these tribes. "Seven
blacksmiths" I see in one item here. They
have been fourteen years now with these Indi-
ans,.I understand from the Honorable Senator,
and they have not taught an Indian to black-
smith yet. You have to send white men there
to do blacksmithing; and what is the exam-
ple of these blacksmiths?
No, Mr. President; the sooner this policy is
surrendered and the sooner you bring the white
man and the Indian into contact the sooner
will the Indian be civilized and taught in the
mechanic arts; but you never can do it by
isolation. It never has been done to any ex-
tent, and it neverwill'be done. This Govern-
ment will find that out when its Treasury is
depleted and there are no more experiments
to be made On the question of Indian man-
agement.
Sir, if this tribe had been industrious, ,if
they had learned the arts which we have been
fourteen years teaching them, which I am free
to say we have not very well performed, if they
had been treated as they ought to have been
treated, would there not have been black-
smiths enough among them, and would not
the thirty miles square of that productive land
have filled every Indian to fullness and have
answered every need and demand of the tribe?
But, I repeat, as long as these Indians are in
the habit of relying upon these annual appro-
priations it begets idleness and indoleace,
which results in good-for-nothingness to the
Indians and to the whites. We have agreed
to pay them so much, and I think. I am not
mistaken in saying it is proposed to give
them half as much more, for the purpose of
establishing the art and trade of blacksmith-
ing. Sir, he is a dull man who cannot learn
blacksmithing in six months. You could learn
it in half that time yourself, unaccustomed as
you are to toil. Here we have been fourteen
years striving through these experiments of
agencies to make a blacksmith among these
Indians and have failed, and now $15,000
more is wanted to begin a new experiment, to
instruct them in the art of blacksmithing, &c.
Sir, this theory has got to be abandoned.
We have toiled at it faithfully, but it has failed.
We have persisted in it until the demands upon
the Treasury have become so exorbitant that
the people are loth to respond to the taxation
that we impose. I hope the next diversion
we shall have will be to mingle these people
with civilization, to surround them by the liv-
ing,_ every-day example of civilization and
Christianization. Then there will be some pos-
sibility of doing them good ; but by isolation,
never. I hope that this additional appropri-
ation will not be made, and that the departure
in that direction will take place now.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to occupy the
attention of the Senate for only two or three
minutes.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator a question before he begins, if he will
yield for that.
Mr. HARLAN. With great pleasure.
Mr. HOWE. I do not wish to make a
speech, but the Senator from Iowa, the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs, is
about to explain, I suppose, why this appro-
priation is made necessary ; and I wish he
would explain upon these three points: first,
whether it is the purpose of the Committee
on Indian Affairs now to undertake to charge
upon the national Treasury the work of civil-
izing and Christianizing the Indians of this
country ; and, second, if so does he not think
we had better appropriate money a little faster
than $15,000 a year ; or, third, if he does not
intend to.charge upon the national Treasury
the cost of this work, will he explain what
there is in the condition of this particular
tribe which makes it necessary for us to appro-
priate beyond our treaty stipulations to this
tribe when it is not necessary and we are not
called upon to appropriate beyond our treaty
stipulations to other tribes ?
Mr. HARLAN. I am very much obliged
to the honorable Senator for his interrogato-
ries. They will enable me, perhaps, to speak
more directly to the point that ought to be dis-
cussed.
First, then, it is not the intention of the
Committee on Indian Affairs to recommend
that the total cost of the civilization and the
Christianization of all the Indians in this coun-
try shall be made a charge on the Treasury of
the United States.
The second question, I believe, was whether
there was anything in the condition of these
Indians that was peculiar, requiring them to
be made an exception. I answer that there is.
They have been crowded off their old hunting-
grounds a long distance north of the settle-
ments, where for a number of years they were
able to make a living by hunting and fishing
and by the purchase of provisions- to the
extent of the annuities provided for in their
treaties. But as the settlements have crowded
around them, the game has been destroyed,
the fur-animals have disappeared, and the fish
have become exhausted on which they pre-
viously fed to some extent.
Mr. HOWE. Have these losses been greater
in the case of the Chippewa Indians of north-
ern Wisconsin and Minnesota than in the ease
of the Menomonee Indians, the Stockbridge
Indians, the Oneida Indians, and other tribes
left in those latitudes ?
Mr. HARLAN. We shall come to those
presently, as we proceed with the bill, prob-
ably. I am not sure whether we have recom-
mended any increase of appropriation for those
tribes cr not. . I think not. But if the hon-
orable Senator will permit me to proceed to
answer his second interrogatory, I would add
that these Indians, although they have a reser-
vation, have not much improved land ; very
little. They have no stock, that is, beasts of
burden, worth anything; no oxen or horses to
plow their land with, and not enough money
to buy seed-grain and roots and agricultural
implements. Heretofore the cultivation of the
soil was not absolutely necessary, because after
exhausting the supplies purchased with the
thirty-odd thousand dollars to which they are
entitled under the treaty, they could make up
the deficiency from the rivers, and lakes and
by the sale of furs and peltries, and by the
fruits of the chase. They killed a large quan-
tity of game upon which they fed. This is
nearly all exhausted, as the committed learn
from gentlemen whom they deem perfectly
reliable, who have been among them. The
Indians see starvation in their front. They
cannot live through the coming year on the
small supplies that this thirty-odd thousand
dollars will purchase.
They say they are willing to go to work this
spring and attempt to raise some corn and grain
to aid in the support of their families, but they
have not the means to buy the agricultural
implements, nor the horses and oxen to aid
them in clearing the land and in cultivating
the soil. They have been recently put under
the direction of an agent, appointed, I believe,
by the American Board of Missions. The
Congregational Society, I believe, have the
control of them. They think that by the addi-
tion of this $15,000 they will be able to give
them such a start as will enable them to get
through the year, from the fruits of their labor,
in addition to what they can purchase with the
thirty-odd thousand dollars.
This is the whole case. If we do not enable
them to go to work by the appropriation of this
small sum of money, many of them will slarve
if they do not steal; and the Senator from
Wisconsin knows very well that an Indian m
that respect is very much like a white man;
he will net starve if he can avoid it; he will,
even violate the letter of the law in order to
get food rather than starve. This, being a law
of humanity, crops out with a great deal of
persistence among savages, as we have all
learned to our cost who have lived on the
frontier.
In this respect this tribe of Indians is in a
different condition from many of the other
tribes. There are many of them who are suc-
ceeding very well in agricultural pursuits and
who will be able to get along probably from
year to year from the fruits ot their own labor,
with the addition of the smUl annuities that,
they are deriving from the Government as the
purchase price of their land.
I think, and I believe every member of the
committee agrees with me, that we ought to
make this appropriation. It is true, it it is
not made and a war does not break out and a
few hundred of them or a thousand or two of
them starve to death, there may be nobody to
weep for them. Making an appeal in behalf
of a fading race I know is very ungracious and
often very fruitless in its effeets. But I have
always thought that the American people, who,
unlike the people of some of our sister repub-
lics, have driven the Indians before the tide
of civilization, instead of incorporating them
into civil society and providing for them in
that way, having literally robbed them of their
homes and given them to strangers, are under
a moral obligation to enable the few that are
left, if it be possible to adopt the habits of
civilized life and still preserve a name on the
earth. I know there are those who think it
best to have them perish as rapidly as possible.
They think that the more of them that starve
