674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
tect ourselves. Why was that law passed ? In
other days the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives were limited to $125 worth of sta-
tionery tor every session, butthere was no limit-
ation on members of the Senate. What was
the result?. Every year it, was paraded through
the newspapers that Senators had drawn so
much paper, so many knives, so many pens,
making up a large aggregate. These charges
were sent through tiie country, and almost
everybody supposed that we were engaged in
petty larceny. It is very easy to say that we
ought not to mind such things; but let me tell
the Senator that it is such things that make
the young men of the country believe that the
public men of the nation are dishonest. I know
very well that there is an impression which has
gone down deep among the people that all is
fair in politics, and that public men are dis-
honest. This has been brought about by some
abuses, plain and palpable, clear to the com-
prehension of everybody, and by gigantic mis-
representation and falsehood, We undertook
to correct this by fimiting onr stationery to
$125 a year. Were we not right?
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator let
me make a little statement, there?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. And the report of the Secretary
of the Senate shows that, it costs us several
thousand dollars more than it did under the
old system.
Air. WILSON. That only proves that we
were lied about under the old system, and that
we were more honest than we were represented
to be. I am glad that that bill passed. Every-
body knows that our hands are tied and that
we can have $125 worth of stationery every
session, and no more. I would in everything
provide such rules and regulations and laws to
govern us in Congress that should crush out
these slanders that are heaped upon us from
one end of the year to the other.
The Senator from South Carolina referred
to the amount, of labor done. I believe that
the cierivs do three times the amount of labor
tbey did ten years ago according to their num-
ber, and that during the war each individual
clerk did live times moie labor than before t he
war, and tho records will show it. Take the
number of eases that came before them before
the war and during the war. and the number
of clerks before the war and during the war,
andyou will see that during that terrible strug-
gle the amount of labor performed in the De-
partments by the clerks was gigantic, no com-
parison with the labor of those who had gone
before them. I agree with the Senator from
Pennsylvania that there is a great deal said that
is not true in regard to the management of
the Departments and public affairs generally.
Sir, there have passed through the Treas-
ury Department during the last ten years over
forty thousand millions of money, and up to last
summer not a dollar was lost to the Govern-
ment. Then one clerk became a defaulter for
seven or eight thousand dollars, and two men
got. into the Department and stole §20,000.
The Government has recovered seven or eight
thousand dollars of it, and can have the whole
of_it when it pleases by letting these parties
off'; but it will not do it.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow
me lo interrupt him one moment? I wish to
call his attention t.o a genuine croak that was
uttered twenty-six years ago by a very distiu-
guiMted lawyer, Mr. Justice Story, as recorded
by Chancellor Kent, which has been pub-
lished recently in the American Law Review.
Judge Story said, in conversation, to Chan-
cellor Kent:
"All sensible men at AV.ixhinsrton, in private con-
vi'> s.i tion, admit tli.it iho (j-nvernment is deplorably
we.ik, factions, .hkI cei'mpt; tb.it everything i.ssink-
ine: down into despotism under the guise of adeuio-
ciatie Government."
And again:
, "The Supreme Court is sinking, and so is the
judiciary in every State. We began with first-rate
men for judicial trusts, and we have got down now
to third-rate .men, and in twenty-five years there
will not be a judge in the United States who will
not be made elective and for short periods and on
slender salaries. Our constitutions were all framed
for men as they should be, and not for men as they
are and ever will be."
Mr. WILSON. I know we had croakers
then and have croakers now; we always have
had, and always shall have; but 1 do not
consider that any reason why we should not
correct abuses when they arise, if it is in our
power; and abuses, I take it, are admitted on
all hands, unless it be by the Senator from
Nevada, who does not seem to see them.
I was mentioning a fact that happened in the
Treasury Department. There are women in
that Department who day after day count one
hundred or more thousand dollars, and still,
with three or four hundred packages coming
daily to that office, and $40,000,000,000 pass-
ing through it, the Government has never lost
a dollar until this last year, by the two cases
of stealing to which I have referred.
More than one thousand million dollars were
paid out during the war, much of it in the field,
some of it under fire, and the Government lost
less than two hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars, while it lost in the little amount it paid to
the soldiers in the war of 1812 $2,000,000.
How did that happen ? The men of 1812 were
probably as honest as the men in the present.
How did it happen ? By reason of the good
rules and regulations, the checks, the efforts
made to hold men responsible, to make them
honest; just what is now proposed here in this
civil service reform recommended by some in
Congress and a great many out of Congress.
This system of responsibility enabled us to pay
out during the war more than a thousand mil-
lions dollars at the really petty loss of less than
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars, while
$2,000,000 were lost in the war of 1812, and
many hundred thousands in the Mexican war.
Every law, every rule, every regulation that
holds men to prompt and strict accountabil-
ity tends to integrity in the administration
of public affairs. Every check we put upon
selfishness, upon the ambition of men, upon
members of Congress appointing men for par-
tisan or personal services to them, will con-
tribute to the integrity of the public service";
and therefore I give my support to this idea
incorporated in the bill of the Senator from
Illinois.
Instead of this reform coming from men of
the Democratic party, or of the minority, it is
advocated by some of the most thoughtful*and
considerate men of the Republican party, who
believe that the evils which have grown up in
the country should be corrected; that the
Republican party was brought into existence
to correct abuses and reform wherever reform
could be effectually made, and they ask us to
do it, and I think we should move steadily in
that direction.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President 
Mr. I30REMAN. With the permission of
the Senator from New Hampshire, I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. PATTERSON. Does that throw this
discussion over beyond to-morrow?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No; this bill will
be the unfinished business to-morrow at one
o'clock, superseding the special order for that
day, which is the bill repealing the income tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question of the re-
peal of the income tax ought to be determined
one wav or the other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not up
at the present time. It will come up to-mor-
row if this bill is postponed or laid over, but
will be superseded by this bill as the unfinished
business if the Senate now proceeds to the con-
sideration of executive business and adjourns
without taking up any other measure.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to say that I shall
ask that that bill be considered to-morrow.
Mr. WARNER. I ask consent to submit
an amendment to the pending bill, for the pur-
pose of having it printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be received informally and ordered to be
printed. Does the Senator from New Hamp-
shire yield to the Senator from West Vir-
ginia?
Mr. PATTERSON. I should have no ob-
jection to the Senate now going into executive
session if this subject could come up to-morrow
morning; but, as I understand it, the going
into executive session to-night destroys the
bill—throws it over entirely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
directly the reverse; that if the Senate now
went into executive session, and then adjourned,
the result would be to leave this bill as the un-
finished business for to-morrow at one o'clock,
superseding the special order made- for that
hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. But I desire to say that
the moment I can get the floor, or when the
Senator from Pennsylvania, who is really enti-
tled to it, can get it, a motion to postpone this
bill will undoubtedly be made, for the purpose
of taking up the income tax bill.
Mr. CRAGIN. The majority always settle
the order of business.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to state to my friend
from New Hampshire that at, precisely one
o'clock to-morrow this bill will be the unfin-
ished business, and will come up, and he will
be entitled to the floor, and it will not be within
the power or province of the Senator from Ohio
to deprive him of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is correct.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is true. I simply
said that whenever I could get the floor I would
make the motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. But I wanted the Senator
from New Hampshire to understand that, that
could not occur until after he had spoken.
Mr. PATTERSON. Under those circum-
stances I yield to the Senator from West Vir-
ginia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before putting
the question on the motion of the Senator from
West Virginia the Chair will present some
House bills for reference.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 1809) for the relief of
Henry C. Anderson and William B. Critch-
fieid, late soldiers of the thirteenth Iowa in-
fantry—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill (II. R. No. 2688) for the relief of
the former occupants of the military reserva-
tion at Point San Jose, in the city and county
of San Francisco, and for other purposes—to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 2746) to allow defend-
ants in criminal cases in the District of Colum-
bia to testify in their own behalf, and for other
purposes—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 2815) for the relief of
Samuel Hitchcock—to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 2814) for the relief of
James Murphy—to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 446) grant-
ing condemned cannon for certain soldiers'
cemeteries—to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
flhe VICE PRESIDENT. The question is -
on the motion of the Senator from West Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Boremax.]
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After a short time spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened; and (at
four o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
