1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 23, 1871.
The House metattwelveo'clockm. Prayer
by Rev, Or. Chickkring, of Boston, Massachu-
setts.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins, at five minutes past twelve o'clock.
This being Monday, the first business in order
during (he morning hour is the call of States
and Territories, beginning with the State of
Maine, for bills and joint resolutions to be in-
troduced on leave and referred to their appro-
priate committees, and not to be brought back
by motions to reconsider. Under this call reso-
lutions and memorials of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order for reference and
printing.
lands ceded to great britain.
Mr. HALE presented resolves of the Legis-
lature of the State of Maine, in favor of the
o-,vner3 of certain lands on the northeastern
boundary ceded to Great Britain ; which were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
alabama claims.
Mr. STARKWEATHER introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 2817) providing for a commission
to determine the claims for damages com-
mitted upon our commerce by the steamers
Alabama, Shenandoah, Florida, and Georgia,
and other British cruisers ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
watervliet arsenal.
Mr. MAYHAM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2818) tnakingan appropriation fortheimprove-
inent of Watervliet arsenal, at West Troy,
New York ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
removal of politic*!, disabilities.
Mr. BOOKER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2819) to remove civil and political disabilities
from Richard H. Sharp and other citizens of
Virginia: which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction.
Mr. DOCKERYintroduced a bill (H. R. No.
2S'20) for the relief from political disabilities
of sundry citizens of North Carolina; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the select Committee on Reconstruction.
bankrupt law.
Mr. DOCKERY also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2821} to amend an act entitled "An act
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States;" which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
ati. \ntic and great western canal.
Mr. PRICE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2822) granting lands in aid of the construction
of the Atlantic and Great Western canal;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. I1EFL1N introduced a bill (II. R. No.
2820) to remove the legal and political dis-
abilities of William P. Lovvoen, of Randolph
county, Alabama; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the select Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
w. t. ciieatiiam.
Mr. SWEENEY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 282-1) for the benefit of W. T, Cheatham;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. HAWKINS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2825) for the purpose of relieving certain
persons in Tennessee of political disabilities;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the select Committee on Recon-
struction.
TRANSPORTATION AND COMMERCE.
Mr. WILLIAMS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2820) to establish a ship-yard, facilitate
transportation, and promote commerce; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
ANNEXATION OF DOMINICA.
Mr. NIBLACK presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Indiana, of
instructions to the Senators from that State on
the subjectof annexing Dominica to the United
States; which were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
WABASII RIVER.
Mr. JULTAN presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Indiana, instructing their
Senators and requesting their Representatives
in Congress to endeavor to obtain an appro-
priation from Congress for the improvement
of the navigation of the Wabash river ; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
mineral lands.
Mr. JULIAN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2827) for the disposal of coal lands and
other mineral lands in the public domain;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. BENJAMIN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2828) to relieve the persons therein named
from the legal and political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the select Committee on Reconstruction.
bridge across tiie missouri river. „
Mr. BURDETT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2829) to authorize the construction of a bridge
across the Missouri river at Booneville, Mis-
souri ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Railways and
Canals, and ordered to be printed.
w MARY C. JACKSON.
Mr. BURDETT also introduced a bill (II.
R. No. 2830) granting a pension to Mary C.
Jackson ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
s. b. reeve.
Mr. STOUGHTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2831) for the relief of S. B. Reeve, late
quartermaster sergeant of the fourth Michigan
infantry; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
applications for pensions.
Mr. HAMILTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2832) extending the limitation for filing
applications for pensions; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. HAMILTON also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2833) to remove the political disabili-
ties of certain citizens of Florida ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the select Committee on Reconstruction.
TELEGRAPHS.
Mr. PALMER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2884) to reduce the rates of correspondence by
telegraph, and to connect the telegraph with
the postal service; which w&s read ft first and
second time, referred to the select Committee
on Postal Telegraph Lines, and ordered to be
printed.
judicial districts of iowa.
Mr. ALLISON introduced a bill.(H, R. No.
2835) to divide the State of Iowa into two judi-
cial districts; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
judicial districts of kentucky.
Mr. SARGENT. At the request of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] I intro-
duce a bill to establish the eastern judicial
district of Kentucky.
The bill (H. R. No. 283G) was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
wagon-roads in territories.
Mr, SPINK introduced a memorial of the
territorial Legislature of Dakota, asking for
the construction of Government wagon-roads,
and an appropriation for bridging streams on
said roads; which was referred to the Com*
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
cheyenne and helena railroad.
Mr. CAVANAUGH introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2837) incorporating the Cheyenne, lion
Mountain, and Helena Railroad Company, and
granting public lands in the Territories of
Wyoming and Montana to aid in the construc-
tion thereof; which was read afirst and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
new york and washington railroad
The SPEAKER. The call of the States and
Territories for the introduction of hills and
joint resolutions having been completed, the
next business in order during this morning
hour is the call for resolutions, &c., to be pre-
sented for consideration at the present time.
The call rests at the State of New York. The
pending measure is the hill (H. R. No. 2728)
introduced on leave by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. KelSey,] on Monday last, to
authorize the building of a military and postal
railway from Washington, District of Colum-
bia, to the city of New York.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a question of
order. Is it now in order to move that the
bill be rejected ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would hold
that it is not. It is in order to move to reject
a bill which is reported under the rule from a
committee; but the question of rejection has
in this case been decided upon a vote giving
leave to introduce the bill.
Mr. KELSEY. I insist on the previous
question.
Mr. GETZ. Before the vote is taken on
ordering the previous question, would it be in
order to have the bill read again ?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. GETZ. I call for the reading of the
bill. _ _
Mr. WOOD. Is it in order to move to post-
pone the consideration of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the
demand for the previous question. The Chair
has recognized the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Kelsey] having charge of the bill, who
calls the previous question. The pending
question is on ordering the previous question.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the consent of the
gentleman from New YTork to have read a
brief amendment, to which, I think, he wilt
not object..
Mr. KELSEY. I will hear it.
The Clerk read as follows;
Add the following proviso:
J'mvided, Th;il nothing herein contained >hnI<
authorize the said road to be run through the limits
of Fail-mount Park, in the city of Philadelphia, with-
out the consent of the said city and the park com-
missioners first had and obtained,
Mr. KELSEY. I cannot consent to the
amendment. Its adoption would compel the
