1502
TE[E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
for its consideration. These gentlemen are
all very great friends of the negro. I am
astonished that gentlemen who profess so
much justice and philanthropy and love for
the negro race should have so little for the
Indian race. They have no sympathy, no
interest whatever for the aborigines of the
country, the remnant of the great tribes that
once inhabited and owned the whole of it;
and I suppose the reason why they feel so
little is that so few of these remaining abori-
gines can be made voters, can be made an
element in onr political contests, in our party
triumphs and reverses. I suppose if the In-
dians were in such a condition that they were
entitled or could be made to be possessed of
the same political power and suffrage that the
negroes are sought to be clothed with they
would receive much" more consideration, if
not more philanthropy and justice, at the hands
of men who now are so utterly wanting in all
interest and sympathy with them. '
Mr. President, who once owned all this con-
tinent? It belonged to the present Indians and
their forefathers. The white man obtruded
into the land that had been assigned to them
by God and by His providence. When the
white man found him the Indian was not that
debased, degenerate, vicious character which
the honorable Senator from Nevada represents
him to be, and which he is truly in his contact
with the white man. He was a savage, but he
had the hardy and manly virtues of the un-
adulterated savage, the savage untouched by the
contact and corruption of the white man. He
had none of the diseases, none of the vices, none
of the seeds of death that the white man has
scattered broadcast among his race wherever
the white man has come in contact with them.
Mr. President, he was a barbarian, he was a
savage; but he wasa sublime savage, and some
of the greatest natural attributes of man he
possessed in the highest degree. He had the
stoicism not only of the Grecian philosopher,
but of the Roman, who could stretch his arm
into the flame and without the contortion of a
muscle could witness his hand falling from his
shoulder in order to shake the soul of J?or-
senna. He could sing—
"Begin, ye tormentors! Your threats are in vain,
For the son of Altnomaeh shall scorn to complain."
He could go to the stake, and with more than
a martyr's courage and more than a martyr's
equanimity could he suffer and perish as the
faggots burned around his body and consumed
it. He is now a degenerate and ignoble being,
covered with vice, with disease, with the seeds
of death, the most hateful features of a vicious
and degenerate nature. Who has brought him
to this condition? Who but the white man?
Who but our countryman ? Who has it been
that has looked with apathy, with indifference,
upon this degradation of the Indian and seen
him going on in this career of vicious degen-
eracy and destruction but our Government?
Sir, we owe it to humanity, we owe it to the
savage of the forest, to the original owner of
all this continent, we owe it to the present rem-
nants of these great tribes, we owe it to nature
and to nature's God, we owe it to ourselves,
we owe it to universal humanity, to adopt a
liberal and wise and beneficent policy toward
the Indians.
Mr. President, I know it is the purpose of
the Indian Committee, of the indefatigable
and alvle chairman who is at the head of it,
and who has given so much of labor, of time,
and of thought to the Indian and to ourrelations
with him—I know it is the single purpose of
that committee and of its chairman to adopt
the justest, the most philanthropic, the wisest,
and' the most statesman-like principles and
system in relation to the government of the
Indians. If the honorable Senator who is
chairman of the Committee 011 Appropriations
is not satisfied with this scheme or with any of
its features, let him mature, as his official duty
requires him to mature, better propositions,
better systems, and let him bring them for-
ward as a substitute to be preferred to those
that are.offered and recommended by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affaire.
Mr. HGWB. I want to excuse myself, if I
can, in the judgment of my distinguished friend
from Kentucky. We seem to be arraigned
to-night upon the double charge of an excess
of sympathy for the negro race and an utter
destitution of it for the Indian race. So far
as this arraignment is aimed at me, I plead
guiltless, not guilty, upon both counts.
Mr. President, I think the white race can
stand tip here and defend themselves success-
fully against both these charges. The Senator
from Kentucky urges in support of the charge
that we are utterly destitute of all sympathy
or feeling for the Indian race, that we found
them the lords of this continent, full of all
native grandeur of character, full of all stoical
virtues, and some other kinds which- he did
not stop to denominate.
Mr. President, we found them here, it is
true, occupying this continent. They had the
right which follows possession. It was a pos-
session which, I said just now in the ear of the
Senate, was worthless to them, but worth every-
thing to humanity if once possessed by civili-
zation, by education, by capacity. We came
here with something like education; we came
here with something like civilization ; we came
here with something like capacity, better capa-
city, better education, and better civilization
than they had. Oat of this continent we could
make something, and we have made something.
Does the Senator from Kentucky wish that we
should retire from this occupation of ours and
restore it to his savage friends ? Does he de-
mand this of us in the name of humanity ? If
I can reply to that demand I must decline it.
I do not think the interests of a common
humanity would be subserved by such a step
as that. But we recognized their title and we
dealt with them as nations, as sovereign nations.
We treated with them. We put our efforts in
contact with theirs. We traded with them;
we bought of them. As. I said before, we
bought at a price much less than we could afford
to pay, but we paid millions upon millions more
than this possession was worth to them, for to
them it was worth nothing whatever, and we
gave them that which was bread to them, that
which was light to them, that which was a
better cultivation and a better education.
The Senator says that in our presence they
have degenerated. I do not concede it. I
think the Indian race to day on this continent
is worth more to the world than it was as we
found it here. Some have degenerated; some
white men have. Others have improved.
There is a tribe in the State of Wisconsin,
every one of them an Americau citizen, every
one of them a voter, let me say to my friend
from Kentucky ; made so by your laws. I
myself have held court with an Indian sheriff
twice. I am almost afraid to make the state-
ment, but twice one of the counties of our
State has been represented in the Legislature
by an Indian—by a Pequod Indian, at that.
It is a fearful statement. They own farms,
and good farms; they are farmers; they culti-
vate their farms. This is not an isolated case.
There are a great many tribes who are vastly
better off than they were.
Mr. President, we have not been utterly
destitute of sympathy or of justice in our deal-
ings with the Indian race. How is'it in our
dealings with the African race ? Where did
we find them? Not in possession of this con-
tinent, but of another. Did we go there,
acknowledge them to be the lords of the soil,
buy of them, pay them, enter into competition
with them, educate them, feed them? No;
we took them from the continent of which
they were the lords in the providence of God—
I use the language of iny friend from Ken-
tucky—we took them from that continent, we
brought them here. The Indian would not
work ; he had too much virtue to work. The
negro had virtue enough to work, and he did
work, and we made him support us, we made
him cultivate this continent of ours. That is
the sympathy we have betrayed for the negro.
If there is a balance due to the Indian when
contrasted with that which we have done to
the negro I think we had better pay it in cash
and add it to this appropriation that is now
pending.
No, Mr. President, the Senator from Ken-
tucky does us injustice, does his countrymen
injustice, does his country injustice, when he
charges us with a want of sympathy or a dis-
regard of justice in our dealings with the In-
dian race. And, Mr. President, he does a
greater injustice than that, in my judgment,
when he stands up here in the latter part of
the nineteenth century to tell the world that
we have betrayed an excessive sympathy for
the negro race. I do not know the man who
is so radical as ever to have asked anything
more than that the negro should have a right to
possess what he earns by the sweat of his brow
and the labor of his muscle. That is the utmost
demand I have ever known to have been made
in behalf of the negro, and we are quite' willing
the Indian should have that. That will not
satisfy my friend from Kentucky. He wants
more cash appropriations right out of the
Treasury. I am willing they should go if a
good use can be made of them, and I shall
not have any very strenuous opposition to offer
to this. I only wanted to see that some rule
was to be followed here that would not be dan-
gerous if carried out and applied to other
tribes. That is all.
Mr. STEWART. I have heard this argu-
ment 
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
postpone this.
Mr. STEWART. I think I had better say a
few words.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Nevada is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEWART. I have heard this argu-
ment very frequently before: that inasmuch as
the Indians were the lords of creation here at
one time, therefore it is necessary to make
immense appropriations to them, to be liberal
with them, and that for that reason we should
not scrutinize closely to see whether the money
is going out for any good purpose or not. That
argument has been used, and millions and
millions have been expended without that dis-
crimination which ought to be had, without
determining how it should go, without using
any ordinary judgment, without giving the
Indian such a chance to become civilized as
he ought to have, without seeing to it that the
rights of the poor Indians, those who were
not chiefs, were protected where they had
some rights of property. All this has been
neglected; these large sums have been appro-
priated in bulk, and they have gone to the
point of extravagance. We have been taxing
the white people, taxing the washerwomen,
to feed Indian chiefs that live in idleness.
We have done a great deal of this on a mag-
nificent scale, without reference to any idea
of civilizing them, and it has become so com-
mon now to understand that we have held out
a reward to bad whites and Indians to get up
Indian wars. The idea is that there is money
in war. We have held out these bouufies to
war by pushing the Indians forward and put-
ting them where there is a chance to have a
war, and then offered an inducement to each
side to get up a war, because there was money
in it.
Now, as to our treatment of the negro, I
will not attempt to add to what the Senator
from Wisconsin has so well said. If there has
been an excessive sympathy for the negro on
the part of the people of the United States,
God save us from sympathy 1 We not only
brought the negroes from Africa and enslaved
them ourselves, and made them cultivate this
