68
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 2T, 1
Senate.
Civil Service Reform—Mr. Schurz.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Lis poetic soul gushed forth in the rippling
strains of thai beautiful rhapsody—
" Know ye the land of the cedar and vine,
Where the flowers ever blos&om, the beams ever
shine ;
Where the light wings of Zephyr, oppressed with
perfume.
Wax iamt o'er the g.udens of Qui in her bloom ;
Where thee.itrou and olive .ire lairest of fruit,
And the voice at tin; nightingale never i^ mute :
"\Vhere the tints of the eaith and the hues of the
shy.
In color though varied, in beauty may vie?"
[Laughter. ]
As to the commercial resources of Duluth,
sir, they are simply illimitable and inexhaust-
ible, as is shown by this map. 1 see it stated
here that there is a vast scope of territory,
embracing an area of over two million square
miles, rich in uvevy element of material wealth
and commercial prospeiit.y, all tributary lo
Duluth, Look at it, sir, [pointing to the
map.] Here are inexhaustible mines of gold,
immeasurable veins of silver, impenetrable
depths of boundless forest, vast coal-meas
ures, wide, extended plains of richest pas-
turage, all, all embraced m this vast terri-
tory, which must, in the very natuie of things,
empty the untold treasures of its commerce
itrto the lap of Duluth. [Laughter.]
Look at it sir, [pointing to the map,] do not
you see from these broad, brown lines drawn
around this immense territory that the enter-
prising inhabitants of Duluth intend some day
to inclose it all in one vast corral, so that its
comrnerco will he bound to go there whether
it would or not? [Great laughter.] And
here, sir, [still pointing to the map,J 1 find
within a convenient distance the Piegan In-
dians, which, of all the many accessories to
the glory of Duluth, 1 consider by far the most
inestimable. For, sir. I have been told that
when the small-pox breaks out among the
women and children of that famous tribe, as
it sometimes does, they afford the finest sub-
jects in the world for the strategical experi-
ments of any enterprising military hero who
desires to improve himsell in the noble art of
war, [laughter:] especially for any valiant
lieutenant general whose
"Trenchant blade, Toledo trusty,
For want of lighting has grown rusty,
And eats into itscU for l&ek
Of somebody to hew and hack."
[Great laughter.]
Sir, the great conflict now raging in the Old
World has presented a phenomenon in mili-
tary science unprecedented in the annals of
mankind, a phenomenon that has reversed all
the traditions of the pastas it has disappointed
all the expectations of the present. A great
and warlike people, renowned alike for their
skill and valor, have been swept away before
the triumphant advance of an inferior foe, like
autumn stubble before a hurricane of fire.
For aught I know the next flash of electric fire
that shitnmets along the ocean cable may tell
us that Paris, with every fiber quivering with
the agony of impotent despair, writhes beneath
the conqueri ng heel of her loathed invader. Ere
another moon shall wax and wane the bright-
est star in the galaxy of nations may fall from
the zenith of her glory never to rise again. Ere
the modest violets ot early spring shall ope
their beauteous eyes the genius of civilization
maychauni the wailing requiem of the proud-
est, nationality the world has ever seen, as she
scatters her withered.and tear-moistened lilies
o'er the bloody tomb of butchered France. But,
sir, I wish to ask if you honestly and candidly
believe that the Dutch would have ever over-
run the.French in that kind of style it General
Sheridan had not. gone over there and told
King William and Von Moltke how he had
managed to whip the Piegan Indians. [Great
laughter.]
And here, sir, recurring to this map, I find
in the immediate vicinity of the Piegans "vast
herds of buffalo" and " immense fields of rich
wheat lands."
[ Here the hammer fell.]
[Many cries: c,Go on!" "Go on!"]
The SPJ3AK13R. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Kentucky continuing his re-
marks? The Chair hears none. The gentle-
man will proceed.
Mr. KN'OTT. I was remarking, sir, upon
these vast " wheat fields" represented on this
map in the immediate neighborhood of the buf-
faloes and the Piegans, and was about to say
that the idea of there being these immense
wheat fields in the very heart of a wilder-
ness, hundreds and hundreds of miles beyond
the utmost verge of civilization, may appear
to some gentlemen as rather incongruous,
as rather too great a strain on the "blank-
ets" of veracity. But to my mind there is no
difficulty in the matter whatever. The phe-
nomenon is very easily accounted for. it is
evident, sir, that the Piegans sowed that wheat
there and plowed it in with buffalo bulls.
[Great laughter.] Now, sir, this fortunate
combination of buffaloes and Piegans, consid-
ering their lelativc positions to each other
and to Duluth, as they are arranged on this
map, satisfies me that Duluth is destined to
be the beef market of the world.
Here, you will observe, [pointing to the
map] are tiio buffaloes, directly between the
Piegans and Duluth, and here, right on the
road to Duluth, are the Creeks. Now, sir,
when the buffaloes are suflicienfly fat from
grazing on those immense whcit fields you
see it. will be the easiest thing in the world for
the Piegans to drive them on down, stay all
night with their friends, the Creeks, and go
into Duluth in the morning. [Great laugh-
ter.] I think I see them now, sir, a vast herd
of buffaloes, with their heads down, their eyes
glatmg, their nostrils dilated, their tongues
out, and their tails curled over their backs,
tearing along toward Duluth, with about a
thousand Piegans on their grass-bellied ponies,
yelling at their heels! [Great laughter.] Oil
they corae! And as they sweep past the Creeks
they join in the chase, and away they all go,
yelling, bellowing, ripping, and tearing along,
amid clouds of dust, until the last buffalo is
safely penned in the stock-yards of Duluth !
[Shouts of laughter.]
Sir, I might stand here for hours and hours,
and expatiate with rapture upon the gorgeous
prospects of Duluth, as depicted upon this
map. But human life is too short and the time
of this House far too valuable to allow me
to linger longer upon the delightful theme.
[Laugiiter. ] J think every gentleman on this
floor is as well satisfied as I am that Duluth is
destined to become the commercial metropo-
lis of the universe, and that this road should
be built at once. 1 am fully persuaded that
no patriotic Representative of the American
people, who has a proper appreciation of the
associated glories of Duluth and the St. Croix,
will hesitate a moment to say that every able-
bodied female in the land between the ages
of eighteen and forty-five who is in favor of
" women's rights " should be drafted and set
to work upon this great work without delay.
[Roars of laughter.] Nevertheless, sir, it
grieves my very soul to be compelled to say
that I cannot vote for the grant of lands pro-
vided for in this bill.
Ah ! sir, you can have no conception of the
poignancy of my anguish that I am deprived
of that blessed privilege ! [Laughter.] There
are two insuperable obstacles in the way. In
the first place my constituents, for whom I am
acting here, have no more interest in this road
than they havi; in the great quesiion.of culinary
taste now perhaps agitating the public mind i
of Dominica, as to whether the illustrious
commissioners who recently left this capital
for that free and enlightened republic would
be better fricasseed, boiled, or roasted, [great
laughter;] and in thesecond placethese lands,
which I am asked to give away, alas, are not
mine to bestow ! My relation to them is simply
that of trustee to an express trust. And shall
I ever betray that trust? Never, sir! Rather
perish Duluth ! [Shouts of laughter.] Perish
the paragon of cities ! Rather let the freezing
cyclones of the bleak Northwest bury it forever
beneath the eddying sands of the raging St.
Croixf [Great laughter.]
Ciwl Servicc Kcform.
SPEECH OF IION CALIL SCIIU11Z,
of Missouitr,
Ix tiie Uxited States Sexate,
January 27, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(S. No. 29S) to relieve members of Congress from
irapoitunity and to preserve tho independence of
the different departments of the Government-
Mr. SCHURZ said:
Mr. Pkrsidkxt : 1 sympathize most heartily
with the Seuatoi from Illinois [Mr. Tiu*mdui,l]
as to the object he means to accomplish by this
bill. At the same time I must confess that
there was one objection brought forward
against it which struck me as forcible. It was
this: that if we absolutely prohibit members
of Congress from giving advice to the Presi-
dent with regard to appointments to office,
then the President will be deprived of that
source of information which, as long as the
present loose system of filling offices contin-
ues, can be better depended on than any other ;
while, on the other hand, if an amendment be
jl&jpted Like.that offered by the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] which makes it
possible for the President to put himself, at
his option, in communication with Congress-
men, asking for their advice, then it, would be
considered a rule of courtesy that he should
do so in all cases where a member of Con-
gress agrees politically with the Administra-
tion ; an omission would be considered an
uufriendly act, and the present practice v<>uid
not be materially changed.
It is evident, therefore, that if we desire to
effect a change in the direction pointed out. by
the Senator from Illinois, we must put another
source of information from which the appoint-
ing power can obtain the necessary advice in
the place of that which we take awav ; mid
this circumstance, it seems to me, opens the
whole question of civil service refonn.
We have been listening to some u-iy inter-
esting speeches on that subject, some expa-
tiating upon the excellence of the method iu
which at present the Departments at Wash-
ington are conducted, some arguing that a
great many of the evils existing carina:, be
cured by reform. Sir, in my opinion, the ques-
tion whether the Departments at Washington
are managed well or badly, is, in proportion
to the whole problem, ari insignificant question
after all. Neither does the question whether
our c:vii service is as efficient as it ought to
be cover the whole ground. The most import-
ant pomt to my mind is, how we can remove
that (lement of demoralization which the now
prevailing mode of distributing office has intro-
duced into the body politic. A long fainlliar-
i y with existing abuses is apt to blunt the
keenness of our perception and the nicety of
our moral appreciation We are looking with
exceeding leniency at abuses which, from om*
eaily days, we have been accustomed to see
every day and in which the force of circum-
stances made us participate; and in order to
judge of their true bearing it is sotrfetime's
