676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
reengrossmeut of the bill. It has once gone
to the Speaker's table because it was not
engrossed. I must insist on the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman insists on
the demand for the previous question, which
is On ordering the bill to be engrossed and
read a third time. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Getz] demands that the bill be
read. It will be again read.
The Clerk read the bill.
Mr. ARCHER. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
Mr. SWANN. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nayswere oi-dered.
Mr. ELDIIIDGE. I move that the House
adjourn, and on that motion 1 demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NIBLACK. I movethatwhen the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Wednes-
day next; and on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. If gentlemen merely desire
to consume the remaining twenty minutes of
the morning hour the Chair would inform them
that so many motions are not needful.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, We do not want to raise
that question now.
The SPEAKER. The question is on order-
ing the yeas and nays on the motion of the.
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Nirlaok,] that
when the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on next Wednesday.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on (he motion of Mr.
Nibj.ack; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 10, nays 17o, not voting 40 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs.Aroher, Biggs, Conner, Dux, Duke,
Eliiridfje, llamill, Thomas,L. Jones, Kerr. Mc.Necly,
Niblnck, Stone, Sweeney, Van Trump, Woodwind,
ami Young—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Ailainp, Allison, Ambler, Arnoll,
Asi>er, Afwood. Aycr, ISniley, B.Hiium, Barry, Ben-
in.m, Be:ttly, Bock, Bonj.-tmul, Bennett, Benton,
Bhnr, Boles, Uoyil, (ieortce At. Brooks, James Brooks,
Buck, Buckley. Buffintou, Biucimrd, llurdett, Burr,
Benjamin J'. Butler, llodu iok 11. Butler, Cake,
Ontkin, Clmreliill, Willhtm T. Cln.rk. Arn.isa Cobb,
Clinton L. Cobb, Ooburn, Conger, Cook, Cowles, Cow
Crebs. Cullom, Djirrall, D iwes, Begrener, Dictiui-on,
Joseph Dixon, Dookuv.v, Donley, Duval, Dyer, lSKl,
l^ornsH, l<'eir.\, Kinkelnbur.:', Fisher, Getz, Uillill.tn,
(iriswoici, il.unht, iliildemnii, Hale, Hamilton, Hai-
ris, il'iwkiuft, Ha wley, ii.iy, iietlm, Hill, iloar, ito^e,
llolmfin, Holmes, 1 lon;>oi, 1 ntrei^olI, Jeneke-*, Jobn-
i-oii, Judil,.Tultan,Kelb y, Kello;;g, Koi>--ey,Ketch;iin,
Knapp, lvuott.hatlin, Lasli L:twieuce,Lewis, L'vt.in,
Long, Luughridgo,l.yneh, Mo'shill, Miiv'intn, May-
nard. Met'ormiuk, MeOr.iry, iMet^rew, MeK.ee. Mc-
K antic, Mereur, Uliiikiiri II. Moore, Willi-ini Moore,
SXoiey, Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell, H.ttimel 1\ Mor-
rill. Mungen, Myers, O'Neill, Ortli. Vaekard, I* nine, j
Palmer,Peek,Peters,l'helns.l'Iiitt, Polauil.l'omeroy, ,
Porter, Potter, Pressor, Rainey, ltaiidal'l, lleeves,
Itiee. Hoots, Sorsrent, Sawyer, Sehumakor. Soofield,
Sbanks, Lionel A. Sheldon. Porter Sheldon, Slier-
red. Slocuui, Jo*ej h >S. Smith, Williiuu J. Smith,
"Worth inffron C. Smith, St.11 kiveat her. 6tovens,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stouyhton, Si riekland. Strong,
Sypher, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Trim-
ble,Twiehell, Tyner, Ui son,Van Auken, Van Uorn, |
Van \V.vek, Vooriioes, Wallaee.C.'idvvalader C. Wash- I
bam, William B Wash burn, Wei kcr, Wei Is. Wheeler,
Whitmore. Willaril, Williams, Euyene IU. Wilson,
Jolm't', \ViIS11 m, Wtna.n.-, Wolf, and Wood—17-3.
NOT VOTtNU—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Axtell,
Banks, Bethuue, Bingham, Bird, Booker, Bowcn,
Cessna, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, i>ickey, Nathan
P. Dixon, Pavnsworth, Fitch. Fox, Garfield, Gibson,
llambleton. Hays. Hotohkiss, Alexander II. Jones,
Ma,lining, McCarthy, Mitnes, Jesse II Moore, Mor-
idais, Morrissey, Negley, Neivsb.iui, Pueker, Peree,
Priee, ito^ers, Saniord, Shober. John A. Smith,
Stiles, Strnder, Sivann, Tuffe, Ward, Wilkinson,
Winehesiei, and Witoher—46.
So the House refused, -when it adjourned to-
day, to adjourn to meet on Wednesday next.
Mr. ELDIIIDGE, by unanimous consent,
withdrew tlie motion to adjourn.
The morning hour having expired, the pend-
ing bill went over to Monday next.
KHOTJi.ATIO.V 01' NAVAL HANK.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended so that I may report back from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, for action at this
time, House bill No. 1882, to regulate rank in
the Navy of the United States.
The SPEAKER. Several gentlemen were
r)pt in when their States were called; and, by
unanimous consent, they will be permitted to
intrpfjppe f)i}}s s^nd otjjer papers for reference.
IMPROVEMENT OF WABASH KIVBIl.
Mr. McNEBLY, by unanimous consent,
submitted resolutions of the General Assembly
of the State of Illinois instructing their Sena-
tors in Congress and requesting 'their Repre-
sentatives to use all proper means to obtain
an appropriation for the improvement of the
Wabash river; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
UJPKoynajENT of brittan's bay.
Mr. STONE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2838) to appropriate
a sum of mpney to remove obstructions to the
navigation of Brittan's bay, in Maryland;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee .on Commerce.
siiip-canal, mouth 01? mississippi river.
Mr. WELLS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a, memorial of the Board of Trade of
the city of St. Louis, asking for the construc-
tion of a ship-canal at the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi river; which was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
common schools, virginia.
Mr. DUKE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (EL E. No. 2839) granting one
million five hundred thousand acres of public
lands for the support of common schools in
the State of Virginia; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
011 Education and Labor, and ordered to be
printed.
dominica.
Mr. OUTII, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following joint resolution of the State
of Indiana.
The Clerk read as follows :
A joint resolution of instruction to the Senators in
Congress ropresentini? tbeState of Indiana on the
subject of annexing Dominica to the United States:
llenolven by the General Assembly of the Stitte of
Indian i. That, while not opoo-ed to iudioious acqui-
sition oi' territory by the United States whenover
the same tnay be necessary for tiio pubiie defense,
for commerce, the adjustment of boundaries, or the
development of the national resource*, we condemn
and disapprove of the pending plan before Congress
for the acquisition of a portion'ot thoisland of San
Domingo.
That our Senators in Congress he, and
are hereby, instructed, and our llepiesentatives re-
quested to oppose by their votesand byall legitimate
means the consummation of said plan and all^egis-
lativo action by Congress looking to that end.
Jlemlved, That the Governor be, and is hereby,
requested to furnish caeh of our Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress, as soon a,s practicable, with
a copy of these resolutions, and that ho forward a
copy of the same,duly authenticated, to Hon. Cji.vklks
SrMXFi:, with a request of this Genera! Assembly
that the same may be presented by him to the Senate
of the United States.
WILL. CUMBACK.
J'retm/ait of the Senate.
WILLIAM MACK,
Speaker of the IJou^e of Jtepresentalives.
State op Indiana,
Executive Depaktmuxt.
The foregoing is a true and oorreetcopy of ajoint
resolution of the General Assembly of the State of
Indiana, passed on the 11th day of January, 1871.
In witness whereof I have hereunto subscribed my
r. „ 1 name, and caused the seal of the State to bo
ij.. u.j ileI.eunt0 affixed, at the city of Indianapolis,
his 12th day of January. 1871.
CONRAD BAKER,
Governor of Indiana.
NORMAN EDDY,
Secretary of State.
Mr. OUTII moved that the resolution be
referred to the Committee 011 Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT OF WABASH EIVBR.
Mr, ORTH, also, by unanimonsconsent, sub-
mitted a jointresolution of theState of Indiana
instructing the Senators and requesting the
Representatives in Congress to endeavor to
obtain an appropriation from Congress for the
improvement of the navigation of the Wabash
river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
PROTECTION OP PASSENGERS.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on Commerce, re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 2852) to amend an
act entitled "An act to regulate the carriage
of passengers in steamships and other ves-
sels," approved March 8, 1865; which was
read a first and second time, recommitted to
the committee, and_ordered to be printed.
SALE OF GOVUHNMKNT AltMS.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a memorial of German citizens of the
District of Columbia, praying for the revoca-
tion of the sale of Government arms and
munitions of war to the agents of the French
Government who are waging war against a
people friendly to this Government; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
shipping interests.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts; by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Ilexolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to transmit to the House a copy of the re-
port 011 the shipping interests made to the Secretary
of the Treasury by Joseph Ninimo, jr.
REPORT ON AltT.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and, under the
law, referred to the joint Committee 011 Print-
ing:
Reboloed, That there be printed, for the use of tho
House, fifteen hundred copies of a report on art in
the Capitol made to the Commissioner of Education
by F. Colburn Adams in 1863.
paving pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. COWLES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2840) to provide for
the paving of Pennsylvania avenue and Eighth
street east; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
ENCOURAGEMENT OP SIIIP-BUICD1XG.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill I H. II No.
2841) to encourage the building of iron, steam,
and sailing vessels in the United States ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
homestead entries.
Mr. INGEUSOLL, by unan itiious consent,
introduced a bill (II. II. No. 28Io) in relation
to homestead entries by parties who served in
the Army and Nuvy of the United States during
the rebellion ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
11EPORT OF SURVEYOR GENISItAL Ob" WYOMING-.
Mr. JULIAN. I have here the report of
the surveyor general of Wyoming, which was
received too late to be printed and bound with
the regular report of the Commissioner of the
Land Office. I ask that it be referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and that it be
printed.
There was no objection 5 and it was no
ordered.
G. ALONZO BIU2AST.
Mr. McKENZIE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (fl. II. No. 2842) for the
relief of G. Alonzo Breast ; which was road a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Invalid Pensions.
WASHINGTON MAtfOXtO TIAI-L ASSOC! VE'ION.
Mr. McKENZIE also, by ummimoiH con-
sent, introduced a bill (II. 11. No. 2SI3) ex-
tending the provisions of the seventh section
