70
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-EESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Senate.
Civil Service Reform—Mr.'Schurz.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Now, sir, a glance at the absurdities that are
occurring under this system. There is that
most formidable of men, "tlie man to be pro-
Tided for;" a man who must necessarily have
an office; a man who has "claims " that cannot
be disregarded and who cannot be neglected
with impunity; a man to be put in position at
all hazards. I will ask the Secretary to read
from the testimony taken by the Retrenchment
Committee, published last year, the passage I
have marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" There was a gentleman named Livingston, who
belonged to one of the old families nf New York,
llo lost his property in the crisis of 1837. There was
a vacancy in the appraisers' department at New
York, by removal or death. He was a Catholic.
Mrs. Alexander Hamilton, taking a letter from
Bishop Hughes, went to Mr. Tyler, and had Mr.
Livingston appointed appraiser. Nobody in the
eustoui-house had any respect/or his report; no-
body had any respect for his signaturo. The cus-
tom was to inclose his return to another appraiser
in an envelope, and it would bo investigated before
the goods were passed. When Mr. Polk came in
everybody thougiit Mr. Livingston would be re-
moved; but Mr. Livingston remained. Mrs. Ham-
ilton was living, and IStshop Hughes was there, and
in addition to that there was a petition got up in
his favor, headed by Martin Van Buren, and signed
bynll the leading influential Democrats in theState
of New York. That document would bo worth $500
for the autographs alone. I knew he could not be
removed; but when the tariff of 1816 was made I
was one of Walker's Congress, as it was called. Mr.
Walker sent for me to go to Washington to help him
frame a circular, to arrange the bill. I went there,
and worked for some time with him. One night,
when we had got through, he ordered up sorno
toddy, and was gossiping. I said to Mr. Walker,
'Why don't you send Mr. Livingston as minister
to England?' ' Why so V said he. ' Why.'said I,
'thoie are very few questions pending between the
two countries now—nothing but what the Secretary
ot State can attend to. The salary is $!),0J0, and the
outfit is $9,000, making $18,000. Mr. Livingston is
losing you more than two million dollars every
month. You cannot remove Livingston. I know
youoanno*. remove liim; but I will tell you what
you can do. There is a vacancy soon to take place
fit Chili; lot him bo sent as charge d'affaires to Chili.'
X went further, and said to him, 'You had better
send for Bishop llughes, and send for Mrs. Hamil-
ton, and toll her that the post of appraiser is not
the post for t\lr. Livingston ; that he wants a better
place; that you want it Catholic to represent us at
this court of Chili; that the pay is $1,500, and the
outfit $1,500.' Mr. Walker said nothing ; but I saw
that it made an impression on hun; and in about
three months I saw in the papers that Mr. Living-
ston had gone to Chili."
Mr. SCHURZ. Now, Mr. President, you
may think that this is an old story and that such
things do not happen to day. I will tell you of
the case of a man to be provided for that came
tinder my own personal observation, and with
which I was myself somewhat connected, a
circumstance which I by no means mention
"with pride; as it was one of those early errors
which, under the present system, a Senator at
the commencement of his career is apt to fall
into. After the incoming of this Administra-
tion a gentleman of my acquaintance who had
strong "claims" desired to be appointed post-
master ill a western city, but the President
happened to put one of his own friends into
that office ; and so the man to be provided for
could not be postmaster. Then the delegation
of lii.s State agreed to make liim pension agent
at the same place; but an influential member
of that delegation opposed it, and so he could
not be pension agent. Then he took his ease
into his own hands, for ho knew that he was
a man to be provided for, and the President
nominated him as minister resident to a South
American republic. Having obtained that, he
thought he could obtain more. He saw a
chance to be appointed minister plenipoten-
tiary to anotherGovernrnent, and, sure enough,
he received the nomination for that also. Tnen
his nomination came into the Senate and was
rejected. Theie was a terrible disappointment 1
And yet the man to be provided for was pro-
vided for. He was finally sent as Governor
to a Territory. Thus, sir, under the present
intelligent system of making appointments,
the sinne man aspired to a post ollice, a pen-
sion agency, a minister residentship, a full mis-
sion, and finally landed in the Governorship of
a Territory ; and the appointing power, yield-
ing to the peculiar pressure characteristic of
the existing system, declared him fit for all
these places consecutively. And all this in
seven days, save the territorial Governorship,
wh.ich was discovered for him afterward.
And with him there were a multitude of
men to be provided for at the same time; there
always are a good many more than places to
put them in. Do yon complain of the unneces-
sary multiplication of offices? That evil is
unavoidable as long as we suffer under the sys-
tem which recognizes men to be provided for.
Must it not be clear to every observing mind
that our present mode of making appointments
is a blindfold game, a mere hap-hazard pro-
ceeding? Was Mr. Lincoln very wrong when
once, in a moment of despair, he said with grim
humor, " I have discovered a good way of pro-
viding officers for this Government: put all
the names of the applicants into one pepper-
box and all the offices into another, and then
shake the two, and make appointments just as
the names and the offices happen to drop out
together."
Now, sir, you, as an enlightened citizen of
the world, observing these things, find this
rather a wild way in which the affairs of this
great Republic are carried on at Washington.
You are somewhat bewildered, and you extend
your inquiries further, to ascertain whether
the same wild way prevails everywhere else.
You |5> to New York. You visit the custom-
house ; you know of the magnitude of the
interests administered there; you know that
the revenues of that custom-house are now tar
larger than were the revenues of the whole
Government not a great many years ago; you
notice how complicated that tremendous ma-
chinery is, teeming with weighers and gaugers
and inspectors and appraisers and examiners
and clerks of all descriptions. A new col-
lector has just been appointed to direct and
control that mighty engine. He is a sort of a
President on a small scale. Being a new man
you find him perplexed with the greatness,
variety, delicacy, and responsibility of his du-
ties ; duties new to him, duties which, in their
complexity, he will not be able clearly to under-
stand, much less successfully to perform, with-
out careful study and close application. And
yet, what is he doing? The same thing which
you found the President to be doing, and the
members of the Cabinet; he is distributing
offices. He is overwhelmed with applications.
He has received in a few days about fifteen
thousand of them, and the pressure of appli-
cants and their friends bids fair to drive him
crazy. He, too, is obliged to take to pieces the
whole machinery of the custom-house and to
reconstruct it again in a hurry. You ask him,
why all this ? He will tell you it is a political
necessity. A political necessity, sir! Is not
the first political necessity the conscientious
and efficient collection of the revenue? No,
sir. He will tell you that there is a political
necessity far above that, of a much higher
order; and you discover that the great custom-
house at New York is essentially a political
machine. It is to control, as much as possi-
ble,'the politics of the city and State of New
York in the interest of the ruling party.
Now, sir, what are the influences pressing
upon that unfortunate potentate, the collector'?
We heard the Senator from New York [Mr.
Conklikg] say the other day that he had care-
fully abstained from making any recommend-
ations for office in the custom-house. I cer-
tainly believe his assertion ; and all honor to
him for it. But 1 am sure that here we behold
not the rule, bat an exception. To show you
what congressional influences are sometimes
active, I will again refer to the report of the
Retrenchment Committee, from which I desire
the Secretaty to read what I have marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Question. Can you state how or through what
influence Deputy Collector Grigsby obtained his
appointment? „
" Answer. In the first place Senator Edmunds, ol
Vermont, and Mr. Griswold, of New York, made
sti'Qng efforts to get me the appointmentof collector
of customs at Brownsville or Corpus Christi, Texas.
They did not succeed. I was too black a Republican.
Judge Olin also went to the Secretary and told him
liow long he had known me and what my character
was. One day I met Mr. Creecy on the street, and
he told me I had the best influence in the country
for any position in the Treasury Department, and
he asked me if I did not know any Democratic Mem-
bers or Senators. I told him no. lie named over
different ones, and! sa.id, * I do not know them.' At
last I said, laughingly, 'I know John Morrissey. I
was born and bred in Troy, near him.' I said, ' I
know John, but of course he is no good.' Creecy
said, 'He is just the man you want; he has never
a«ked anything yet. Get Morrissey to ask tor a
place for you and you will be taken care of.' Going
down the street I met Mr. Stevens, a lawyer on Sev-
enth street, a fri-nd of mine, and I told him of my
conversation with Creecy. Said he,' The idea of you
being recommended bv Johx Morrissey! I would
starve first.' Said I, 'I will not starve, and if Jonx
Morrissey can get me a place he will do it. He lias
always known me, and if I can get a place I am
going to have it.' I went and saw Morrissi.y. and
Morrissey wrote a letter to Colonel Cooper, stating
that ho had known me from boyhood and requesting
that I be provided for. I took that up and gave it
to Colonel Cooper, who had always received me
very pleasantly, and he told me to come next day
and he would sec. Then he said, 'Go up stairs and
tell Mr. Creecy that I sent you up to look over the
books and select the place you want.'"
Mr. SCHURZ. Let me interrupt the Sec-
retary there. I will state, in order to shorten
the story, that the gentleman was appointed,
and that this case happened under the ad-
ministration of Andrew Johnson, when Mr.
Smythe was collector of New York. There
is a sample of congressional appointment in
the custom-house at New York, and what has
happened is not unlikely to happen again. It
is the natural outgrowth of the system.
But congressional influences are by no means
the worst in filling places in the custom-house.
They may, and undoubtedly do, sometimes
lead to the appointment of good men. But
now the ward politician of the great Babel
steps upon the scene with his followers, the
mighty man who packs caucuses and controls
nominations, who does the heavy work at the
ballot box, and attends to the political work
done in the grog-shops. His voice is heaid
in the distribution of office, and the voice of
such men of influence cannot be disregarded
with impunity.
The other day the Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Patterson] showed you that, as the
investigations of the Retrenchment Committee
prove, the New York custom-house too suffers
from men to be provided for, for whom offices
must be created, even if the service does not
need them. He cited the case of an old apple-
woman having a stand near the custom-house
who had been on the pay-roll of that institu-
tion at New York for months; I presume she
represents the case of a woman to be provided
for. She had, perhaps, some son or cousin
keeping a grocery in one of the lower wards,
who exercises political influence, and, in order
to propitiate that man of power, the "claims "
of the old apple-woman had to be recognized
by putting her name on the pay-rolls of the
custotn-house.
You notice officers there called inspectors ;
officers whose duties are of the very highest
consequence. They, in fact, to a very great
extent, hold the revenue of the custom-house
in their hands; for they have to watch the
unloading of ships and see to it that no goods
are_ smuggled into the city from the vessels
arriving in that port. What class of people
are those inspectors taken from? We heard
it said the other day by the Senator from New
Hampshire that they, as they themselves con-
fess, are in the habit of accepting bribes of
fifteen to fifty dollars for each vessel that is
unloaded under their supervision; that they
accept those bribes as a rule, not as an excep-
