1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Civil Service Reform—Mr. Solium.
Senate.
tion. And those officers are selected from that
class of people of whom the Senator from New
York told us, that, yielding to the frailties of
human nature, thfiy would naturally drift into
the habit of taking presents or bribes, and
yon would not expect anything else. If you
cannot expect anything else, what becomes
of the revenue? But, I will admit, under the
present system of distributing offices, you have,
indeed, no right to expect anything better.
I will not go into an^ further particulars.
You may think that in INew York things were
in a bad condition, but that at other places
they would preseut themselves differently. Go
across the continent to San Francisco, and you
will find exactly the same system working
there, leading to similar results. You will be
told there that under the prevailing system five
collectors went out of office as defaulters to the
Government. You will be told that under the
law officers are to be examined before they are
appointed, and yet the very heads of those
establishments will, at the same time, inform
you that the examination is a mere farce; that
as soon as the examining board knows whom
the collector wants appointed the favored can-
didates will pass the examination without the
least difficulty. And so you go from place to
place, you examine office after office, and you
will find the same system at work, and you will
find thatit tends to produce similar results, only
different in degree.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator will allow me,
he is evidently alluding to a condition of affairs
in California at a former period, under another
Administration.
Mr. SCHUltZ. As to the default, I do.
Mr. COLE. But as the Senator was using
the present tense, saying "you will find the
same condition of things there," I was appre-
hensive that a mistake might arise. I will say
to the Senator that the offices in California
were never better filled, nor could they be,
than they are now.
Mr. SCHURZ. I shall certainly not charge
upon the custom-house in San Francisco any-
thing that is not in accordance with the truth.
What I referred to was simply the results
of investigations which the Committee on
Retrenchment made in California when we
were there. And I refer to the report of the
committee all who want to inform themselves.
I will not say that we discovered great frauds
being now perpetrated; but we did discover
the same looseness in making appointments
which prevails elsewhere ; and in some state-
ments which were made to us by the higher
officials, who themselves complained of bad
results, we found evidence that the looseness
in the manner of making appointments was
at the bottom of the abuses.
Mr. COLE. That examination took place
two years ago and referred to what had pre-
ceded that time.
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir. The committee
visited San Francisco in August, 1869.
Now, Mr. President, let us go on iu our
inquiries. You might think that after all that
frantic bustle and hurry immediate upon the
accession of an Administration to power the
tearing down and the reconstruction of the
machinery of the Government must finally be
accomplished; that the engine must at last be
in working order and enjoy something like sta-
bility. But you Cud yourself mistaken. The
same system continues through all the four
years of an Administration to produce the same
disorder. We have the authority of ex-Secre-
tary Cox for this. He says in his essay in the
North American Review:
" If a month or two were all that is wasted in this
employment it would be bad enough, but the truth
is, that by far the larger part of the time of the Pres-
ident and all the members of his Cabinet is occupied
bythisworse than useless drudgery during the whole
term of his office, and it forms literally and abso-
lutely the staple of their work. It is therefore no
figure of speech to say that administering the Gov-
ernment means the distribution and redistribution
of its offices, and that its diplomacy, finance, mil-
itary, naval, and internal administration are the
minor affairs which the settled policy of the country
has relegated to such odds and ends of time as may
be snatched from the greater cares of office."
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow me to interrupt hitn?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood him to say,
after the correction which he made upon the
interruption of my colleague—and my under-
standing of what he said becomes important—
that there was some period in the past when
three or four consecutive collectors at the port
of San Francisco were defaulters. The port
of San Francisco is but a little over twenty
years old, and I should be glad to have the
authority of the Senator for that statement if
he can turn to it.
Mr. SCHURZ. I will give it to the Senator.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am quite certain there
were many collectors of whom that could not
be true.
Mr. SCHURZ. Here is the testimony taken
by the Committee on Retrenchment of Mr.
Samuel J. Bridge.
Mr. CASSERLY. What is the date?
Mr. SCHURZ. September 1, 1869.
Mr. CASSERLY. What page in the book?
Mr. SCHURZ. Page 133. He says:
"In San Francisco we have had seven collectors,
and five of them have gone out in default. The
office now is well conducted. I do not know of any
abuses that exist in it. It was shocking at tlws close
of Buchanan's administration. It became very cor-
rupt and continued so at the beginning of Lincoln's:
the new appointees fell into the old track."
Mr. CASSERLY. I think there must be
some mistake about that. I think I know of
at least three collectors of whom that could
not be true. And if Mr. Bridge's testimony
is correct, it embraces a period of eight or ten
years, during which the party of which the
Senator is so honored a member had the con-
trol there.
Mr. SCHURZ. I will certainly accept the
explanation of the Senator from California,
and let it be recorded that three collectors in
San Francisco have gone out of office who
were not defaulters.
Mr. CASSERLY. I said, of my personal
knowledge, previous to the incoming of the
Republican party.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, Iwassaying
that, far from having that great work accom-
plished, after all this frantic bustle immedi-
ately consequent upon the accession of a new
Administration, itcontinuesthrough fouryears.
For instance, the political machinery m New
York does not work well, and a new collector
has to be appointed. Then the whole struc-
ture of the civil service in the custom-house is
recast again; and similar things occur all over
the country. But even without the appoint-
ment of a new collector, there is nothing like
stability. As an illustration, I will state the
significant fact, that under one collector there
were, in the two hundred and forty inspector-
ships, four hundred changes in the course of
three years, and we have reason to believe that
the last set was as bad as—if not worse than—
the first. At any rate, we have now arrived
at the point where all the changes that have
taken place have furnished us a set of inspect-
ors who, as they themselves confess, have
made it a rule to accept bribes,
Mr. President, you pause after having exam-
ined all this and take a general survey. I ask
you in all candor and soberness, is not this pome-
thing like Bedlam? Look over all the civilized
countries of the world: do you discover any-
thing equal to it? Look at the characteristic
features of the prevailing system. You observe
that in making appointments the interests of
the public service are—I will not say in all
cases, but certainly in a very great proportion
of cases—a consideration of only secondary
importance. Men are appointed for what they
have done or are to do for the party, and not
for what they have done or are to do for the
public service. They are not unfrequently
appointed to the salary and not to the office.
It is political favoritism raised to the dignity
of a ruling system.
Now, sir, in the face of these facts you cease
to be astonished at the abuses which abound
all around us. Under such a system it cannot
be otherwise bat that inexperience should fol-
low inexperience and rascality should follow
rascality in rapid succession. There is nothing
unnatural to your mind now in the needlessand
expensive multiplication of offices. There is
nothing surprising to you now in the frequency
and magnitude of embezzlements and defalca-
tions. You understand now perfectly well that
when the whisky tax was fixed at two dollars it
was absolutely impossible to enforce the law
with the machinery of the public service wo
had. You are no longer surprised at the fre-
quency of mailrobberies whicifrare perpetrated
in post offices. You see the smugglers in our
ports lying in wait to watch their opportunity
when, taking advantage of the inexperience of
new officers, or with the aid of dishonest ones,
they can rush whole cargoes into the ports of
the United States. It is no longer surprising
to you henceforth when you read in the reports
of the Committee on Retrenchment ihat from
this source losses have occurred for many years
amounting to from twelve to twenty- live million
dollars annually at the port of New York alone.
Nor is it surprising to you to learn, as is cal-
culated by gentlemen of experience in that
institution, that each change of a collector in
the custom-house at NewYork costs the coun-
try an average of ten million dollars, in con-
sequence of the confusion and disorder which
necessarily follow.
Neither will it be surprising to you to learn,
as an illustration of the effect of the system
on the administration of justice, what I
learned from a United States judge this very
morning, that in his district there had been
three changes in the district attorneyship
within two years, and that three late district
attorneys appeared in the courts as attorneys
for the same defendants whom they had com-
menced to prosecute when in office, now
defending them with all the secrets of the
Government in their possession, and that in
all probability from this source there will be a
loss arising to the Government of more than
four hundred thousand dollars. No,sir; there
is nothing astonishing in all this, for you have
learned that the offices of the Government
are mere "spoils," "public plunderthat
instead of being regarded as the places of
duty, they are regarded as conquests, the con-
quest of a party ; as " berths" into which men
are put, not to use the best of their energies,
not to look with anxiety after the interests of
the Government, but to make it comfortable
for themselves and to serve their friends. And
you have learned more: how current these
words "spoils" and "plunder" have become
in the mouths of the people, so that we have
lost almost all sense of their fearful meaning.
I repeat, sir, there is nothing astonishing in
all these abuses, if you consider the natural
effect of such a system upon the frailties of
human nature, which we have heard discussed
so feelingly in the course of this debate.
Sir, when a man receives an office as a
reward for political services rendered, or as
an incentive for further political work ; when
he feels himself sustained, less by his own
energy and efficiency than by political infla-
ence, is he not naturally led to rely upon that
political influence instead of his own fidelity •
and efficiency to sustain him in office? Is it
not a matter of experience, that even well-
intentioned men who go into office honest and
industrious frequently become dishonest and
