1506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
end, aim, and objectof the Government of
the United States, we might appropriate five
or six millions for that purpose. But we are
uniting tragedy and comedy here, and inter-
spersing it a little with farce. We are treat-
ing these Indians as nations and then as pau-
pers. We propose, first, to-treat with them
and cheat them, according to the description
that has been given by my friend from Ken-
tucky. Now we propose to treat them as pau-
pers, to Christianize them and civilize them.
I think we ought to take one aspect or the
other. If we intend to carry out our treaty
stipulations with these civilized or semi-civil-
ized Indians with whom we have made treaty
stipulations, we ought to confine ourselves to
the appropriations required by those treaties.
If, on the other hand, we intend to disregard
the treaties and treat them as paupers to be
cared for, to be fed and nursed with a gold
spoon or a silver spoon or in some other way,
to give them food and clothing as paupers,
we ought to treat them as such and make the
requisite provision for them.
But it seems to me at this period of the ses-
sion and at this late hour of the night, with
barely a quorum present, we ought not to act
on these appropriations. Here is one appro-
priation of $40,000; here is another of $70,000;
on the next page is another of $100,000, and
so on. Here are new items of appropriation
all through the amendments of the Committee
on Indian Affairs. The statement made by my
honorable friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, is sufficient. This
appropriation bill, as it came to us from the
House, appropriates $5,400,000.
Mr. COLE. Five million forty-eight thou-
sand three hundred and forty-seven dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Ap-
propriations, by striking out appropriations
not required by law or treaty, have reduced it
by five or six hundred thousand dollars, and
now the Committee on Indian Affairs propose
to add, by way of amendment, $1,400,000.
Mr. HARLAN. I think not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am taking the figures
given me by my friend from California.
Mr. COLE. One million four hundred
and sixty-eight thousand three hundred and
seventy-six dollars and thirty-one cents.
Mr. HARLAN. I am sure the Senator is
inaccurate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not examined
these figures, but I ask the Senator from Cali-
fornia if they are not in the hand-writing of the
clerk of the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. COLE. They are.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will guaranty
them. The clerk of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, who has been here time out of
mind—longer than I have—has added up these
figures, and he says the amendments of the
Committee on Indian Affairs require the appro-
priation of $1,468,000. Why, sir, $1,468,000
was nearly as much as the amount of the
appropriations for the year 1859 for the Indian
service.
Mr. HARLAN. It is not enough to sustain
one regiment of troops for one year.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think we are
going to have any Indian war, because I be-
lieve the policy which the Senate has inaugu-
rated, and which is being very properly man-
aged by the gentlemen who have it in charge
is working very well: but that is no reason
why we should increase the amount of the
appropriation. These Chippewas are not going
to fight us; they are as peaceable and quiet up
there on Lake Superior as any portion of our
population. It seems to me, therefore, that
we ought not to add these enormous burdens
upon the people of the United States, to be
paid in the way of taxes, at least until we can
give full and fair consideration to them. If
the Senate in daytime chooses to vote these
enormous appropriations, adding far beyond
the estimates, far beyond any calculations that
have been made by the executive branch of
the Government of the expenses of the Gov-
ernment, it may be done; but every dollar that
is paid in this way is adding just so much to
the taxes of our people. It can only be paid
in that way.
Mr. CORBETT. ' I should like to ask the
Senator a question, whether or not he does
not think that the present policy pursued is
much better than it was when we were fight-
ing these Indians with a large force in the
field, at an expense of from ten to twenty
millions a year? Is it not better to add a
small amount to the appropriations in order
to keep these people peaceable, and let them
pursue the course that this commission has
recommended ? This commission have recom-
mended this appropriation in order that these
Indians may engage in the peaceful pursuits
that the Senator from Ohio desires.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend has asked me
so long a question that I forgot the beginning
of it before he had got to the end of it.
[Laughter.] But the question he intends to
ask me is, whether I approve the policy of
allowing the commissioners to manage our
Indian affairs 1 I thought very well of that
policy until to-day, when they commenced to
raise the pay of all the Indian agents and to
seek pay for themselves, for I believe there is
a proposition of that kind 
Mr. CORBETT. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. And to increase all the
appropriations in all the different departments
of the Indian service. If those gentlemen will
confine themselves to the highest sum that has
been appropriated for the management of the
Indians in the old-fashioned way, I am willing
to let them do with that sum just what they
please, and give them a fair trial; but I do not
think they ought to add to the expenses of the
Government in this experiment the large sums
that are now proposed by the amendments of
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. COLE. My friend at the left does in-
justice to the Committee on Appropriations in
saying that these incongruities are in this bill.
These incongruities of which he complains are
all in the amendments coming from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said so.
Mr. COLE. No.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said the Committee on
Appropriations had done an excellent work by
striking out provisions in the House bill that
were not required by law. I gave them credit
for it. These amendments, I understand, come
from the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Chair must remind
Senators that the question before the Senate
is the amendment to the amendment moved by
the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. HARLAN. I am very often astonished
in listeningtothe speeches delivered here from
the oldest and ablest and best-informed mem-
bers of this body. A stranger listening to the
debate to night would suppose that there was
something new in the proposition that has bfeen
made by the Committee on Indian Affairs;
that never before in the history of legislation
had a proposition been made to make an ap-
propriation for the Indian service not provided
for by some treaty or some statute law.
The chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations knows surely, if he will refresh his
memory, that the time has never been when
an appropriation bill passed containing noth-
ing but such items as were provided for by
existing laws or existing treaties. A very
large proportion of the Indians in this coun-
try, with whom we are in relations, and for
whose benefit we are making appropriations
from year to year, have no treaties with the
Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will allow me
to state that I did not say that. I said that when
we had treaty stipulations with an Indian tribe
we ought to confine ourselves to appropriating
money according to the treaties. X will now
say that there are large sums appropriated
here for the benefit of Indians with whom we
have no treaties. I have looked over the bill,
and I find that the amount of money appro-
priated for those tribes with whom we have
no treaty stipulations is generally much less
than to those with whom we have treaties.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to call his attention to one fact?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HARLAN. I will give way, of course.
Mr. NYE. I want to call the attention of the
honorable Senator from Ohio to the fact that
there are more Indians in the State of Nevada
than there are in the tribe that is here talked
of, or at leaSt. as many, and I think four or
five thousand more ; and the whole appropria-
tion for that service is $15,000.
Mr. RAMSEY. What State ?
Mr. NYE. Nevada.
Mr. RAMSEY. For whites and Indians?
[Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. I undertake to say that there
are more Indians in the State of Nevada than
there are in that portion of Minnesota, and as
many whites who can understand how to man-
age them, and as honestly at least. There are
but $15,000 appropriated for that service. In
the State of California they have not near as
many Indians as we have in Nevada; and this
wise commission, or somebody else, has taken
away our superintendent, abolished the super-
intendent of Indian affairs there, and attached
the office to California, on the ground of
saving money, I suppose. The ten thousand
Indians in Nevada, andlput them much below
the actual number, receive $15,000 by this
bill, a dollar and a half apiece. Here these
Chippewa Indians receive $26,000 by treaty
stipulations, and it is proposed to add $40,000
more. My friend from Iowa knows all about
it, of course; and I inquire, why this inequal-
ity? Why are ten thousand Indians treated
differently in one State than in another, and
why does it cost four times as much to manage
them in one locality as in another? That is
what I should like to know.
Mr. HARLAN. Well, Mr. President, this
is not a new fact to the honorable Senator
from Nevada. I think our attention has been
called to it every session by that Senator and
his colleague. He understands very well why
it is so. The Indians in his Territory are a
different class of Indians. They have not been
so troublesome to the white people as they
have in other parts of the country.
Mr. NYE. I thffaik the honorable Senator
would hardly admit that it is because they have
not been paid for keeping quiet, and that the
more you buy them the higher you have to
pay-
Mr. HARLAN. They have never been re-
garded as owning the land. They were a sub-
dued race when our people occupied that coun-
try. They had been treated on the Mexican
policy.
Mr. STEWART. They had not been treated
with at all. There was nobody there to treat
with them.
Mr. HARLAN. So in California and in
Nevada ; and the result is that those who had
not spirit enough to fight have starved. O f the
multiplied thousands of Indians in California
when we first began to occupy that country
very few are left.
Mr. COLE. There are twenty-five thousand,
according to the last census.
Mr. HARLAN. How many were there at
the beginning?
Mr. COLE. I do not know.
Mr. HARLAN. I remember listening to a
speech which the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations [Mr. Morrill, of Maine]
delivered in which he traversed the subject of
the Indian policy and its results in California,
where but little has been appropriated for the
benefit of the Indians. They have been per-
mitted to take care of themselves as well as
