APPENDIX TO 'ME CONGRESSIONAL (-1LOBE.
[January 2*?,
SBNAtB.
Civil Service Reform—Mr. Schurs.
41st Costs. .. .3d Sess.
lazy there, feeling that political influence is
more potetit than the appreciation of dutiful
conduct?
Let us look further. Is not the short and
uncertain tenure of office a very severe tempt-
• ation to a man burdened with the ordinary
frailties of human nature to make the most
of short opportunities, or at least, to have the
greatest possible benefit from the least possible
work? Hence the formation of "rings" in
'the public service, of which I will give you
ail instance in my own experience. I was
informed by a very reliable and honorable
gentleman, a clerk in one of our Departments
hefe, that immediately after his appointment
he endeavored to fulfill his duty to the very
best of his ability, doing as much work as he
could possibly perform; but after a very few
days he noticed that his colleagues in his room
were looking souily at him; and finally he
learned the reason of it. They told him, "My
good man, it will not do for you to work as
much as you difnow; it is against the rules
of this room. You must conform yourself to
these rules. We are accustomed to work just
so much and no more, and if you will do more
you will repent of it." The poor fellow, anx-
ious to keep his place, conformed himself to
the rules of his room, and then worked just
so much and no more, like the rest.
Let me call your attention to a statement
made by a gentleman who probably has studied
the system of our civil service more thor-
oughly than any oilier man in this country ; I
mean Mr. Jesckijs, of the House of liepre-
senlatives. The Secretary will oblige me by
reading the passage from his speech which I
have marked. It embodies part of the report
of an investigating committee.
The Cleik read as follows:
."We do not seek to disguise tlic cause of the ineffi-
ciency (to use tho mildest tenn) of these officers.
They are all appointed upon political or personal
grounds, arid as ilieir tenure of office is insecure, and
tliey irniy bo mnoved at any tune without previous
notico ami without cause, they do the least they can
to earn their salaiies. To use a favorite phrase with
fliem. they ' initke the most of their time.' Indeed,
if any one should piove faithful and vigilant, and
not only see t.liu t perrons dealing with the Govern-
ment act fairly, but. also report any delinquencies
of their fellows, their tenure ol othce would be more
insecure, and any repetition of such fidelity to
tho Government would be tile occasiou of their
removal.
. " One of the worst, if not the very worst, feature
in tho present condition of the service is that "ood
and faithful officers are unwilling to testify as to
what they know of the ' irregularities' (.to uso the
laaluonably li.nld term) of. their associates. For
there nie many good and faithful servants who do
the work of these unfaithful politicians, men of
character,, ol families', of long &ei vice, who have
been unwilling to havo their names go upori the
record as witnesses to the faults of their associates,
la&t they should be immediately dismissed by their
superiors, or lest their places should be made go
uncomiortaolo by their 'irregular' associates that
they would be compelled to resign. Nothing has
impressed me more with the rottenness and corrup-
tion of our present want of system than the tears
of these old and taithtul servants, who begged that
they might not be placed upon the record as wit-
nesses to tho failhlessuess of their associates, and
that it might not even be known that they had been
called to be witnesses. Nothing but tho assuranco
of seereey and the protection given by law to per-
sons giving such testimony could procure us evi-
dence of how the people wore being plundered
instead of being served.''
Mr. BORE MAN. 1 ask the Senator what
is the date of that speech ?
Mr. SCHURZ. May 14, 18u8. I desire to
say to my friend from West Virginia and to
the Senate that the review I give here of the
public service does not by any means apply
exclusively to the present "condition of things.
I am endeavoring to present a geneial view of
the workings of the existingsystem, extending
over a series of years. Those workings may
appear a little more favorably now, and a little
worse then ; but the general results, while the
system prevails, are essentially the same.
Now, sir, observe the effect which this sys-
tem is calculated to produce upon the char-
acter of those who are under its influence.
Officers being party servants, have they not to
safcrlfice to fi very great extent the independ-
ence of their oivn opinions.? Isitnottrhe that
their Very position breeds hypocrisy, S3'co-
phaney, and venality, and that this is apt to
result in a deterioration of manhood ?
Is it not also natural that, in coiisequence of
this, the public service should not stand as high
in public opinion as it ought to do ; that men
who aspire to office, do so not (infrequently at
a sacrifice of self-respect? I have seen men
of ability and a fine sense of honor walk the
streets of Washington hanging their heads and
full of shame for doing what ought to be con-
sidered honorable, aspiring to public office,
now smarting under the necessity of self-humil-
iation which the desire to succeed seemed to
impose upon them, and giving up the attempt
because they could not endure it. The con-
sequence of this is obvious; it is a class of
aspirants of lower character. The impaired
respectability of the service can hardly f.iil to
havo certain effects. It weakens the inspira-
tions of an honorable pride, which public ser-
vants ought to possess. There is the destruc-
tion of that esprit de corps which preserves the
morality of the pivil service m other coun-
tries, and which here distinguishes tlie Army
and Navy in point of personal holior and integ-
rity. Render our public servants proud of
the dignity of their position, and most of the
immoral practices will disappear from which
the public service is now suffering.
I am certainly very far from representing
all our public servants as a degraded class of
tfien. There are, I am happy to say, many,
very many, Who manfully bear up against the
influencesworkinguponthem. Ilonortothem !
But those influences are as I have described
them ; they are the natural product of the
"spoils" systemtts it exists ; and their effects
will gtow worse the longer they are suffered
to be at work.
But, sir, their effect upon the efficiency of
the civil service itself is not the worst evil we
have to deplore. Follow a Congressman into
his State or district. Look at him as a candi-
date. Some of them rely for success upon their
ability, their character, their merits; others do
not. These others speculate upon the frail-
ties of human nature among their constituents.
Observe one of the latter; how he attempts to
build up the machinery of his influence at
hotrie; and for this the patronage offers him
the ready means. He makes promises of
office for the purpose of obtaining support,
sometimes promiscuously, recklessly, in dupli-
cate and in triplicate—promises impossible to
be kept. Look at, the situation of such a man.
He is covered all over with fraudulent mort-
gages, and he stands before himself as a dis-
honorable deceiver before he is elected. By
his promises he may have endeavored to buy
others; he has certainly succeeded in demor-
alizing himself.
But now he is elected, and he commences to
distribute offices. The Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Morton,] whom I am sorry not to see in
his seat, says that the system by which a Con-
gressman is to distribute local offices is a guar-
antee for conscientious recommendations, for
a Congressman would make himself unpopu-
lar by recommending unworthy men to public
place. In some cases that may be so ; but is
it not frequently otherwise ? Does not a Con-
gressman frequently make recommendations
for office merely for the purpose of paying old
debts, discharging political obligations, or pre-
paring for a new campaign with a view to his
own reglectioh?
i But, sir, when he commences to distribute
tue offices, those duplicate and triplicate prom-
ises cotrie down hpoti him ; and what then ?
I Mil j oh will find those cases which are
interred to in the essay of ex-Secretary Cox,
where he describes honorable Senators and
members of the House of Representative^
standing before a rhemb&i' of the Cabinet with
recommendations in their hands and with the
candidates foi- office ori their arms, abounding
in expressions of good tvill and friendship for
their proteges, presenting them as tho worthi-
est of mortals, whose appointment they most
ardently* anxiously sidvocate, while the Cab-
inet minister lias iii the drawer of liis table
confidential notes from the same honorable
Congressmen requesting llirtt pot to pay any
regard to the recommendation which they are
just so eloquently and affectionately urging.
Why, sir, I know that assertion of Secretary
Cox to be true, for I myself have been in-
formed by two heads of Departments that such
cases are by ,uu means unfrequent.
Well, sir, iook at the member of Gongfe^s
who does this. You may pity the pool' con-
stituent who is thus deceived. But is not the
honorable gentleman who resorts to such tricks
of duplicity; and who stands as a liar before
himself, to be more despised than pitied ? And
yet you may pity him also. For he is a victim
of the spoils system as it works upon the frail-
ties of congressional human nature. But what
will the man who does this be capable of doing
afterward? Aiid what will you say of a systerii
which brings forth such results among the rep-
resentatives of the people, who make the laws
of the country ?
Let us proceed. The machinery of the home
influence is uonr constructed, and the Congress-
man thinks he has accomplished what he nCeds
for his future prospects. But something new
intervenes. It happens that the Executive
has a pet scheme ot which the Congressman
conscientiously disapproves. Here is a com-
plication. Does he insistuponliis opposition?
Then the Executive may threaten to withdraw
his favor fioui him and to remove his appointees.
It, on the other hand, lie yields, the Executive
may promise not only to keep those in office
who were appointed upon his recommendation
but to grant new favors to him. There, sir,
is that great struggle between conscience and
interest winch has brought so many a man to
his ia.il. Will such things happen? They
may happen; nay, sir, they have happened;
and the spoils system invites them with such
power of seduction that they certainly will hap-
pen again. Here the system develops its full
effects upon the frailties of human nature.
The temptation to the Executive is certainly
great. It is that temptation which is always
connected with power; a temptation which but
few men, if auy, have been able to withstand.
But the temptation to the Congressman is still
greater, liisiiiterest is potently working upon
his mind. The Congressman, losing favor with
the appointing power, loses his power also to
keep that machinery of home influence, upon
which in a great measure he depends for suc-
cess, in working operation. His chances at
the next election are constantly before his
eyes. His own appointees, if he persists in
his opposition to the Executive, may turn
against him, for the Executive has means to
work upon^ the frail human nature of office-
holders. Thus the Congressman maySuddenly
find himself deserted by the very friends upon
whose gratitude he counted. The clamor of
new aspirants for office will be still stronger.
Sir, we have all experienced that kind of
pressure upon us. Do you remember at the
commencement of this Administration, when
we were asked to repeal the tenure of office
act, how the^ clamor of office-seekers arose
around us to influence our decision ; how they
^efrounced those who resisted the repeal of
that law as the enemies of the President at the
very beginning of the Administration; and
how they vociferously demanded that we should
nmg the laws at the feet of him who sits at the
fountain-head of favol"?
