680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
I will admit that the proposed readjustment
is all right, as perfect as perfect can be. I
am not now criticising the justness of this dis-
tribution of honor, but the folly of any distri-
bution at all. But I suppose the equity of the
distribution is not above criticism, because the
committee was as equally divided upon it as a
committee with odd numbers ever can be.
Five out of the eleven condemned it.
Second, the bill proposes to change the char-
acter of these honorary degrees from relative
to positive rank. What is the difference ? I
have frequently asked this question of those
who urge the change, but no satisfactory an-
swer is ever given. "Does it impose addi-
tional duties," I have inquired. The answer
is _ "no, sir." " Does it confer any additional
privileges?" "No, sir." Why, then, make
the change? Because theytellus "the rela-
tive rank does not secure us the attention in-
side or outside the Navy we expected and
deserved. People say ' we are not real cap-
tains after all, only relative,' or ' we are only
engineer captains, or paymaster captains, or
doctor captains.' " Quite likely people say so
because it is so. People seek the real captain
of the ship because he commands it. You
cannot secure this attention to the doctor or
paymaster on the ship unless you clothe him
with the same power.
Mr. Speaker, mark first what the law is now
and then what the complaint of it is. The law
now says that a doctor, engineer, and paymas-
ter having certain corps rank shall be as.much
esteemed on the ship as the captain ; that is,
their corps rank shall be deemed as high, rela-
tively, as the corps rank of the captain ; or, to
use the language of the law, shall rank with
the captain, what is the complaint? Why,
that they do not find themselves of as much
consequence, do not receive as much attention,
are not as much sought as the captain. The
law is explicit enough, but nobody seems to
agree with it. Nobody runs after the doctor
unless he is sick; nobody after the paymaster
unless he has a bill; but everybody runs after
the captain. Why is it? Because the duties
and powers of the captain connect him with
every interest and every person on board ship j
everybody runs to him ; everybody is respect-
ful to him, because everybody has business
with him, and hehas powerover everybody, and
not because he is held abstractly in any higher
esteem than others. _ I suppose, Mr. Speaker,
you were entitled to justas much esteem in the
last Congress as in this, and stillyou are now tku
object of much more attention than you were
then. Why? Simply because your present
position gives you much more knowledge of
the business of the House and much more
control over it than you had then. Were the
most unpopular member of the House to take
your place -.ve would be compelled to seek
him as we do you, and very likely would ex-
hibit more respect than we really felt. If
these gentlemen do not receive! attention in
proportion to their relative ranis, what is the
remedy? There is bat one remedy that
amounts to anything, and that is to enlarge
their powers and duties. The framers or ad-
visers ot this bill have been wise enough to see
that and to provide for it, but quite too modest
to acknowledge their wisdom. Therefore,
when_ you inquire in what respect positive
rank is better than relative, you get no answer
that conveys a clear idea.
Let us, then, look to the bill itself. By
distinct enactment it places staff officers in
the ranks of line officers. That imposes upon
them all the duties and confers all the powers
and privileges that belong to the rank, except
so far as the same bill imposes limitations. It
first invests these officers with all the powers
and duties of the line, and then recalls some
of them by exceptions and limitations. To
learn, then, what is conferred we must firstsee
what is withheld. All ejse is conferred. No-
body, I I hi n k, will deny that this is the proper
construction. The bill itself acknowledges it
by going on to make the limitations and by
abrogating all existing laws that might conflict
with it. What, then, are the limitations or
exceptions? Three in all. They cannot, by-
virtue of this rank, exercise command or
authority in the line of the Navy, nor claim
additional quarters nor additional pay. What
is left? It may be hard to tell exactly what
is left; but certainly three important things:
uniform, title, and exemption from all obedi-
ence to the commanding officer, unless such
officer happens to be senior in rank. The
ninth section expressly says that his authority
in his own oorps, (and he has no duties any-
where else,) shall be commensurate with his
honorary rank.
Now, sir, put a paymaster, a surgeon, an
engineer, a chaplain, and a proffissor of math-
ematics, all with the rank of captain, on board
a third-class ship, in charge of a commander,
or on a second-class ship in charge of a captain
junior by a, few days to the other captains.
Yon have then six captains on board, each
with a captain's dress and a captain's title,
but neither of them haying any authority over
the others except to keep them out of his
bailiwick. The captain of the ship cannot
give an order to the captain in the engine-
room, because the engineer is his senior in
rank ; and by this bill each officer has power
in his own corps according to honorary rank.
He cannot order the sick-bay to be put in order
for battle, because an outranking doctor cap-
tain commands there. He cannot order his
captain-paymaster to purchase supplies, nor
his captain-chaplain to bury the dead, for the
same reason. Again, sir, the identity of uni-
form and title is not as insignificant as might
^at first appear. The uniform is given that
everybody may_ readily know who is author-
ized to do certain business or assume certain
authority, ajid the title only names or indicates
certain duties. Giving the same title and the
same dress to officers who perform duties
entirely unlike of course destroys the whole
purpose of it. Both become a mere matter
of ornament and pride, and not a useful des-
ignation. In order to operate a ship the six
captains must meet in convention, and resolve
what shall be done. Confusion, strife, dis-
tracted councils, and finally the prostration of
all naval discipline, is sure to follow.
This is all I wish to say about the general
purpose of the bill. Now a word or two about
its details. A few minutes ago I admitted, for
the sake of the argument, that the proposed
distribution of honor was equitable and just;
but, with all deference to the profound learn-
ing of the committee in this regard, I still
have my fears that it is not so. Take a single
example: the bill fixes the rank of clerks for
the higher grades of officers. Who are these
clerks ? Young men, inexperienced in all the
affairs of life, particularly of naval life. They
are usually the relatives or dependents of the
officers who select them. Their business is to
write the letters of the admirals and commo-
dores. These clerks are clothed in this bill
with the uniform and high-sounding titles of
captains and commanders. It says that the
honor of writing letters for an admiral is equal
to all the glory that an old captain has gained
by thirty years of hardship, deprivations, ex-
perience, and hazard of health and life in
carrying your flag to the ends of the earth, or
bravely defending it in battle. Take another
example: all officers whose duty in any degree
partakes of manual labor are carefully ex-
cluded from these ranks of honor. Honor stops
abashed when it comes to ungloved hands. All
the warrant officers, the master mechanics and
quartermasters, are omitted. These classes
embrace great moral and intellectual worth.
Take as a sample the ship carpenter. His
trade is almost equal to a profession. Its
acquisition requires many years of prepara-
tion, study, and practice. Very often, in
limes of great, disaster, he is the most import-
ant man on the ship. When the keel is rent,
the mast and rudder carried away by the storm,
his skill, his experience, and his genius often
saves the ship. He mends the broken hull,
invents a rudder, and contrives a spar. Besides
he is also a gentleman. Who ever saw a vul-
gar carpenter? Low habits are always the
offspring of idlen ess. A laboring man is always
a gentleman. If we must liave these grades
of honor, why should these cultivated and
gentlemanly mechanics be entirely ignored?
"Perhaps they were overlooked!" No, sir; a
committee of these mechanics appeared before
us to urge their claims. Doctors, engineers,
paymasters, chaplains, professors, captains—
everybody from every corps—came to see us
about this question, and I can say with truth 110
class exhibited greater moral and intellectual
worth, so far as appearances go, than the rep-
resentatives of the mechanics. But their hands
were hard, and they were rejected. These are
only specimen errors in the distribution. I do
not wish to follow them further, because I do
not wish my argument against the main pur-
pose of the bill, to wit, the creation of ranks
of honor, should be confounded with a criti-
cism upon its details.
In defense of this bill it is said that line offi-
cers have secured for themselves these honorary
ranks, and this is only an enlargement of them
so as to include the staff. I deny it. It is not
true that line officers have honorary titles or
ranks, nor, so far as I know, do they ask for
any. Their duties are classified and called,
as I have explained already, by appropriate
names, which names become the titles of the
officers who perform the duties. But these are
titles or names of duties in their corps, not of
honors. Every other corps has a similar classi-
fication of duties, with titles equally appropri-
ate; nor do line officers, so far as I know,
object to the bestowal of honorary titles upon
officers of other corps. They are, however,
opposed to taking titles which indicate duty in
one corps as the titles of honor for other corps.
They are opposed to giving an engineer the
honorary title of surgeon, or a surgeon the hon-
orary title of commander, or a commander the
honorary title of chaplain. They say, with
great propriety, ihat if all naval officers are to
be graded according to honor it should be done
by a new classification and an independent set
of titles. I suppose a numerical classification
would answer the purpose. The officers deemed
the most honorable could be of the first class ;
those next in honor of the second class ; and
so on. Or if this seems too commonplace the
titles of English nobility are at your service.
You could enact that a captain, a medical
director, a pay director, a chief engineer, shall
have the rank of marquis; that a commander,
a medical inspector, a pay inspector, and an
engineer, shall have the rank of earl; and so
011. This would have two advantages over the
titles proposed in this bill. First, it would
avoid the confusion occasioned by using the
same titles to indicate duties to one corps and
honors to another. Second, the officers of the
Army could be graded into it also ; and when
we have progressed a little further in this direc-
tion the importance of all civil officers could
be weighed in the same scales. We would thus
have one standard and system for the measure-
ment and distribution of glory all around the
Bepublic.
It is further said that in the Array the doc-
tors and paymasters have this honorary rank.
That is so. The officer at the head of the med-
ical department of the Army is called the Sur-
geon General, to indicate his duties, and a briga-
diergeneral, to indicate his relative importance.
The duties of these two officers are entirely
unlike. The one superintends the medical
department, the other commands a brigade.
The surgeon knows nothing about the brigade
and the brigadier nothing about surgery. So
far as the one takes the title or uniform of the
other, it is a misnomer and a disguise. Sur-
geon General is a very honorable title. We
associate with it not only genetai eulture and.
