1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi.
refinement, but great learning and experience
in a profession whose business it is to assuage
human pain and lengthen humau life. Sup-
pose a brigadier general, desirous of associat-
ing with his fame the learning and refinement
of the surgeon, should ask you to make him a
surgeon general by honor, you would laugh at
him. And is it less ridiculous for the Surgeon
General to ask to be madea brigadier by honor?
The precedent of honorary rank in the Army
should be reformed rather than followed.
I fall behind no one in my appreciation of
the professional attainments atid responsible
duties of the naval officers who are improperly
grouped together under the name of '"staff
officers." If they are not now properly cared
for I will do what I can to improve their con-
dition. If their pay is too small let ns raise it.
If their quarters on boai'd ship are uncom-
fortable let us improve them. If they need a
boat and detail of oarsmen let us provide it.
Let them make known their real wants, and let
us provide for them. This bill sells out every
substantial good, [tabandons pay, authoritj;,
and quarters for an unconstitutional and ami- i
republican gewgaw.
'Air. STEVEN'S. I now yield ten minutes
to the gentiernan from Maine, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, it is as plain to
me as to the gentleman from Pennsylvania 1
[Mr. Scofiei.b] that the House has made up
its mind upon this bill; butlike him, partially
representing the minority of the committee, |
and believing that the operation of the bill :
will be pernicious in its effects upon the Ameri-
can Navy, I wish to say a few words oppos-
ing it.
it might seem, Mr. Speaker, from all the
paraphernalia of staff officers that at present
surround the Navy—and I wish to make no
reflection upon the gentlemen comprising the
staff corps who, so far as I know them, possess
cultivation and intelligence—from the influ-
ence that they exert and the numbers in which
they appear, an impossibility that we could
have ever had a Navy in which the staff corps
had not rank either relative or positive. But
such is not the fact. For the first fifty years
of our national history, years which were
made memorable by the deeds of the American
Navy, there was no staff corps Either of the
surgeon or of the pay departments with dis-
tinctive gradations even in its own body; the
engineer corps had not yet been created.
The surgeon was, I suppose, in almost all
cases a gentleman of attainments in his pro-
fession ; educated not in the line of the Navy,
but in the line of the medical profession ; first
employed and afterward appointed by the
Government and sent on board a Government
vessel to do his duty as a surgeon. I have
failed to learn that if he was a gentleman,
with the cultivation and the bearing of a gen-
tleman, he failed to attain to and receive
recognition as such from the line of the Navy.
There was no question of rank raised. Rank
then was what it seems to the common mind
that it should be now, a condition of military
life with gradations represented by different
appellations,like general, colonel, commodore;
which gradations were reached or gamed by
loll" service or by brilliant exploits m the
command of men, and which clearly measured
and defined the extent of command.
But after a time, as the Navy increased, the
staff, so called, the surgeons and the pay-
masters, clamored for something. What, it is
worth while in this case to trace how the
demands have gone on. The questions which
were put to my friend from Pennsylvania [air.
Scofield] by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] and the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] indicate that neither of them
believe there will 'fever be confusion of com-
mand in consequence of this demand of the
staff for positive rank. It is worth while m
tracing the history of this ease to see how the
demands of the staff have grown from year to
year, and thus we may judge as to the end.
What did they demand first? Not, as now,
positive rank, but something relative. What
was that? It has been better explained by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] than I can explain it; but it simply
means, in a few word3, this: that an officer
of the Navy (and, remember, we do not deny
that surgeons, paymasters, and engineers are
officers of the Navy; such designations involve
official duty) who is a surgeon, a paymaster,
or an engineer shall range alongside of and
be considered, for his own protection in his
own corps, as high as a commodore or a cap-
tain or commander; not that he shall take the
rank; for. as every military man here will tell
me, rank is the touch-stone in military and
naval affairs; it is the thing that designates,
that dominates, that controls and influences
men's minds. It represents command, how-
ever much you may seek to separate them by
the words of your statute.
The staff did not demand rank absolutely as
they do now, but a relative rank ; and Secre-
tary Bancroft, by general order of the Navy
Department, August 31, 1840, declared that—■
"Surgeons of the fleet and surgeons of more thaji
ten years will rank with commanders ; surgeons of
less than ten years with lieutenants; passed Assist-
ant surgeons next after lieutenants; assistant sur-
geons, not passed,nextafteraiasteis,"&c., " through
the grades."
This order preserved the designatory rank
in their corps of surgeons, assistant surgeons,
and passed assistant surgeons, providing not
that they should have the rank of but should
" rank with " certain other officers. That sat-
isfied the staff for the time.
That order was renewed and strengthened
somewhat, but in principle never varied, by
Secretary Toucey, in his order of January 13,
18-39. The staff rested with that. No confu-
sion arose, and there was no conflict of com-
mand on shipboard, because they did not ask
positive rank; that is, nosurgeon demanded
that he should be a captain, a commodore, a
commander, but that he should be recognized
as equal in dignity and standing by virtue of
his staff rank. This was granted ; it was not
objected to. And so it went on until Secre-
tary Welles's order, which was grievous to the
line in this regard, that itprovided for so short
a longevity period ; that is, a staff officer might
gain rank with captains, with commanders,
and with commodores in such a number of
years that it was found in many instances that
men in the staff corps were outranking men in
the line who had been longer in the service.
That was hard upon the line, which many gen-
tlemen here look upon as the constant oppres-
sor in this contest. They felt this oppression,
and they protested against it. They expostu-
lated again and again against the injustice of
the order. Finally this order was revoked, in
1869, and the grades left about as under the
Bancroft order. Then the staff fell to clam-
oring ; they began to besiege Congress ; pam-
phlets came pouring in on all sides; bulky
volumes began to incumber our desks, which
we were asked to read; every member was
over and over besieged. ^Vhat was the result
of that?
I am keeping myself, Mr. Speaker, to the
point here at issue in the line of recital of this
controversy, and I hope my time is not quite
out.
The new Secretary of the Navy, the present
one, came in a civilian, with no prejudices in
favor of line officers, with no leaning toward
what is called the aristocratic portion of the
naval establishment by members on this floor.
The Secretary of the Navy appointed a board
consisting of four line officers and four staff
officers, presided over by Cuinmodore Melane-
thon Smith, for the purpose of settling the
vexed question between the line and the statt.
That board had sessions day after day. Xhe
line and the staff were both represented. I
have h x-ecord here of what tiiey did and what
was the result of their deliberations. My time
does not let me discuss the work of the board
as I should like to in detail, to show the spirit
there manifested; but I can see what was then
claimed by the staff in contradistinction to
what tiiey are claiming to-day. They theti
claimed that surgeons, paymasters, and en-
gineers and their corps should have relative
rank, not positive; or if they claimed more they
acquiesced in a result ana a report embody-
ing as much and no more, the vote standing
six to three in some instances, and on some
nearly unanimous. But the staff refuse to
accept the report of that board as to relative
rank, and ask Congress to give them positive
rank. Where will they stop ? How soon will
the passage be made to interference with com-
mand ?
Mr. Speaker, I desired to speak upon the
necessity upon ship-board of no confusion as
to the person in whom command lies, and upon
other phases in this question, but my ten min-
utes are gone.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I now yield two minutes
to the gentleman from Philadelphia, [Mr.
Myeks. ] .
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, in 1864 Con-
gress made the boatswains, gunners, Carpen-
ters, and sailmakers warrant officers of the
Navy, so important did they think the duties
of those officers; and they also declared by
the same act that after five years of service the
President was authorized, if in his judgment
he should see fit,.to make them rank with en-
signs ; and after ten years of service with mas-
ters. These men are intrusted with func-
tions as useful as those of engineers, the low-
est grade of which corps, by the bill before us,
will rank with masters.
The improvements in our Navy hereafter
will be mainly in the direction of steam and its
appendages, and I heartily indorse this act of
justice to naval engineers and constructors as
well as the medical and pay corps of the Navy.
But the warrant officers should not be forgotten.
The boatswain has charge of the entire rigging
and moorings of the ship, the gunner ot its
armament and magazine and their readiness
for action; the carpenter has the mechanical
condition of the ship, spars, and boats ; the
saihnaker, of its sails, &c.; most responsible
positions, deserving after long service of rank
which in all these cases is meant to add respect
to those who win a title to it. I am in favor of
the general provisions of this bill and shall vote
for it. Yet it is strange, and it seems to me an
act of forgetfulness on the part of those who
have reported this bill, that when these officers
were thought well enough of six years ago to
give them assimilated rank, if the President
saw fit—the other staff officers at that time not
being included—now, in a general bill aiming
to do what is right, they should be left out. I
know the gentleman from New Hampshire may
answer me by saying that it is still within the
province of the President to give them this
rank under the act of 1864 ; but no President
since then has chosen to do so.
What I propose is, that having attempted to
do justice to some of these other officers, we
shall not overlook the master mechanics and
officers whom we were so careful of six years
ago, and that an amendment shall be made
to the bill, which I hope the gentleman will
accept, to read thus: '' that warrant officers of
the Navy, namely, boatswains, gunners, car-
penters, and sailmakers who shall have served
five years shall rank with ensigns, and after
ten years service shall rank as masters."
It was well enough to leave it discretionary
with the President when other deserving corps
were not included, but now in a general bill
the rank to the warrant officers ot the Navy
should be as fixed and positive as^ that given
to the others provided for in the bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS resumed the floor.
Mr. MAYNAHD. Will the gentleman allow
me to offer an amendment?
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot yield for any
