mi-.]
apfemdix to the congressional globe.
41st CoNe....3D Sess.
Civil Service Reform—Mr. Schurz.
Thus the spoils system, with the vast rami-
fication of its influences, works upon the inde-
pendence of the legislator.
But the same temptation presents itself iri
another shape. A Congressman discovers
abuses in'a Department. If he attacks thfeM
he is in danger of having his clerks removed;
he may be informed that he is no longer entitled
to the favors of that Department. Shall he
give up his appointees, or violate his duty in
ignoring the abuses?
The thing has sometimes been turned the
other way. I am reliably informed that Con-
gressmen have gone to a head of Department
and threatened him that unless he appointed
their particular proUgfy, they would vote
against the appropriations for the Department.
To appoint supernumeraries would have been
a grave violation of duty on the part of the
head of the Department. And yet, under the
pressure of the spoils system, a Congressman
demands it, with the threat that unless it be
done he will violate his duty in a manner
equally gross, by voting against a necessary
appropriation.
But it appears in still another shape. A
Congressman has procured an appointment for
one of his friends, an appointment of great
responsibility. He has, so to say, pledged his
honor for the honor of the officer. That man
commits gross misconduct; under his man-
agement serious abuses develop themselves.
Is not that Congressman sorely tempted to
covcr up or whitewash that delinquency instead
of fearlessly exposing it and bringing the guilty
man to punishment if Is not there again tlie
interest of the Congressman, under the influ-
ence of the spoils system, working directly
against the interest of the public good?
And now, sir, we arrive at a very interesting
and somewhat startling question : can a Con-
gressman, under the present system, be entirely
honest? That question has been addressed to
me by an intelligent observer, and my first
impulse was at once to say, certainly he can.
Yes, I believe he can; but I declare, sir, when
you survey the whole field, when you study the
influences of the present system upon the frail-
ties of human nature, you will admit that it
is exceedingly difficult for him to he so. The
system is a hot-bed of that peculiar kind of
corruption which is the more dangerous as it
does not appear iil the palpable, gross, and
unequivocal form of money, but appears in
the seductive shape sometimes of an apparently
honorable political or personal obligation. It
insinuates itself like a subtile poison into those
crevices of the human conscience which are
opened by the expansion of generous feelings.
And when that poison finds in an individual
already the least corrupt tendency to work
upon, it will developitwith wonderful rapidity.
All the practices which I have been describing
here I call corrupt, as I would call corrupt
every act of a public servant intended to pro-
mote personal interest at the expense of the
public good. If we have ceased to regard those
practices in that light, it only shows that under
the influence of the '• spoils " system our moral
sensibility has been dulled, and that a certain
indifference as to the corrupt character of our
own motives, unless they appear in the most
palpable and the grossest form, has gradually
and insensibly crept over us all. And this I
regard as one of the most dangerous influences
of the present way of doing things.
Now look at the effect upon the workings
of the Government. It is said that, by the
patronage as it is now dispensed, a part of the
executive functions is transferred to the Legis-
lature. This is true. But at the same time the
independence of the Legislature is seriously
endangered by the corrupting power of the
Executive. The true statement of the case
seems to be this: by the so-called right of
recommendation, as it is at present practiced,
members of the Legislature encroach beyond
the point foreseen in the Constitution upon
What the Executive ought to be most inde-
pendent in aud responsible for, namely, the
administrative functions; and, dn the other
hand, by the power of giving and withholding
patronage, thfe Executive exercised power oVer
What tHe Legislature ought tp be most inde-
pendent in, namely, the legislative functions.
Thus the system weakens and demoralizes both
way's. It is a disturbance of the oohstitutiohal
balances; it is a perversion of the powers of
the Government.
But, sir, on the whole, it strengthens the
Executive in the worst sense, by giving him
power over the meaner instincts of human
nature. See hbw it works. The representa-
tive of the people stands before the Executive
in the attitude apparently of an adviser, but
in fact of a petitioner—an attitude always im-
proper, and not seldom degrading. The ap-
pointments to office he asks for, even if they
are calculated to prSmote the public good, are
granted to him as favors, favors that can be
withheld just as well as they can be granted.
If such favors are necessary to him to keep up
the machinery of his influence at home, then
he feels himself, as he really is, in the power
of the Executive.
The temptation is terribly strong, therefore,
to buy those favors, even at the expense of his
convictions and of his manhood. Thus it is
that this system weakens the backbone and
makes supple the knees of public men Before
the great dispenser of gifts. Thus it creates
and nourishes that fawning servility which
stifles the voice of honest criticism; and it
requires very great emergencies indeed, like
Andrew Johnson's glaring tergiversation, to
break that dangerous spell.
But, on the other hand, the system is a
source of peculiar dangers to the Executive
also. Those who ascend the presidential chair
do not leave all the frailties of human nature
behind them. The voice of interested syco-
phancy is apt to fill their ears and to befog
their judgment. Even their errors find some
who will applaud them. Even their follies will
meet with obsequiousness. The servility which
cringes before them is apt to lower their gen-
eral estimate of manhood. They will form the
dangerous conclusion that they can wield the
people as readily as they can wield those indi-
viduals who live and thrive 011 the presidential
smile. They are not seldom easily persuaded
that, whatever a few factious critics may say,
the country is fairly aglow with delight ovet- its
ruler. Why, sir, even Andrew Johnson, when
he arrived at that point where those of his
friends who respected themselves turned their
backs upon him, was firmly convinced that his
popularity with the people was omnipotent;
and Presidents of better sense are not exempt
from the danger of falling into errors of simi-
lar significance. They are not unfrequeutly
led to despise an unpleasant truth because it
appears so lonesome aud forlorn in the crowd
of agreeable fictions gotten up for the purpose
of pleasing and propitiating the piesidential
fancy. And thus Presidents, seduced by the
picture of popular admiration which is con-
stantly held up before them, are apt to drop
from mistake to mistake, to dare one blunder
after another, until finally the verdict of the
people, unmistakably expressed, wakes them
up from the dangerous and deceptive dream
of invincible popularity.
And why all this? The reason is very simple:
because the spoils system has made the atmos-
phere of the Executive Mansion so thick with
favor-seeking flattery tlmt the sound waves of
an independent public opinion can no longer
penetrate it. Thus even Presidents are apt
to become the victims of the spoils!
And yet this is not the worst feature of the
system. You extend your observations fur-
ther1. A new presidential election is coming
on ; a great contest of priaciples and polieieg,-
but at the same time agreat contest for "-bub*
lie plunder." There ate the spoils ahead,
With the prospect of "ft new deal." Mgri of
patriotic and pure motives enter the areha;
but also the speculators rush to the front, with
whom all patriotic motives are Overshadowed
by mercenary Impulses. They are ready for
what is called "dirty work," afld their prec-
edes Will cfreatg it where they do not find it.
The periodic recurrence of a "new ileal" of
the spoils hkS Created & greed for office Which
is raging like an epidemic disease and is con-
tinually growing worse. Thei-e is a desire,
unfortunately spteadihg among the yotmg men
of the country, to live either without work or
with as little woi-k as possible, and that desire
is stimulated to a morbid degree by the seduc-
tive opportunities of political life. Many gbod
meti, yourig ahd Old, are drawn off from holiest
and remunerative labor, because they are told
that it is So easy to get an office and so plcsasfint
to enjoyalivingat the public expense. A polit-
ical proletariat is forming itself in consequence)
which is recruited from men who, following
that morbid infatuation, are drawn away from
productive pursuits. That proletariat is press-
ing upon candidates, not unfrequently forming
their body-guard. The most reckless politicians
become very important in the light, voluntarily
undertaking the work which sometimes candi-
dates would sin-ink from advising. And these
men will he the most clamorous for reward;
and being the most pefsistent and the most
dangerous, thOy will not unfreqiiently be also
the most likely to receive it. Thus a class of
camp-followers, caring for nothing but the
spoils, fastens itself upon political parties.
You ask, why cannot political parlies pre-
serve their purity ? Mainly because the spoils
system attracts to them, and makes prominent
and important, in them, impure elements. On
the other hand, men of a higher tone, dis*
gusted with this spectacle, ivilt sometimes fall
to the rear; and thus We deploie the' loss of
some of the most valuable elements of the
population from active political life.
Now, sir, the presidential election being
over, the same spectacle, as 1 have described
it, is repeated, whatever party may have car-
ried the day. Anol her question presents itself:
the spoils system being carried on under the
auspices and responsibility of political par-
ties—can a political party be honest? Sir, I
look upon it as almost, 1 might say entirely,
impossible. The reason is simple : the, party
in power being held responsible for the con-
duct of partisan officers, will always be irre-
sistibly tempted, m order to save itself, to con-
ceal and whitewash the dishonest practices and
abuses carried on by sueh oliicers, instead of
fearlessly exposing, punishing, and correcting
them, Party interest, as now understood, ex-
ercises a terrorism over the members of polit-
ical organizations which but few are able to
resist. He who honestly and fearlessly de-
nounces abuses is considered not only, a dan-
gerous character, but he is considered a bad
party man: and it may interest the Senate, to
know that a member of this body, who but a
few days ago spoke about the abuses carried
on in one of the offices of the country, was
upproached by anxious political friends and
blamed for having made a speech against his
party 1
Sir, it is in vain while the spoils system
prevails to look to any party for a thorough
reform of abuses. It is in vain, because those
very abuses have become ail integral part of
the machinery through which parties obtain
and wield power.
But by far the worst aud most dangerous
effect of the spoils system is the demoraliza-
tion of the public sentiment. We know that
oil certain 'frontiers smuggling, robbing the
