1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
county, Texas, late collector of the port of j
Galveston, Texas. j
FOOD FISHES Of TIIK COAST. |
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to ;
introduce, for action at the presenttime,a joint j
resolution for the protection and preservation I
of the food fishes of the coast of the United i
States. i
The joint resolution was read. The pre- j
amble recites that it is asserted that the most !
valuable food fishes of the coast and the lakes '
of the United States are rapidly diminishing i
in number, to the public injury, and so as mate- :
rially to affect the interests of trade and com- ;
meree. The resolution therefore authorizes j
and requires the President of the United States j
to appoint, by and with the advice and con- I
sent of the Senate, from among the civil officers '
or employes of the Government, one person of ■
approved scientific and practical acquaintance :
with the fishes of the coast, to be commis-
sioner of fish and fisheries, to serve without ;
additional salary. The second section pro- .
vides that it shall be the dnty of the commis- <
sioner to prosecute investigations and inquiries i
with the view of ascertaining whether any and :
what diminution in the number-of the food '
fibhes of the coast and the lakes of the United |
States has taken place, and, if so, to what j
causes the same is due ; and also whether any j
and what protective, prohibitory, or precau- j
tionary measures should be adopted jn the
premises, and to report on the same to Con-
gress. The third section directs the heads of
the Executive Departments to cause to b'eren-
dered all necessary and proper aid to the com-
missioner in the prosecution of his investiga-
tions and inquiries. The fourth section de-
clares it lawful for the commissioner to take
or cause to be taken at all times in the waters
of the sea-coast of the United States, where
the tide ebbs and flows, and also in the waters
of the lakes, such fish or specimens thereof as
may, in his judgment, from time to time, be
needful or proper for the conduct of his duties,
any law, custom, or usage of any State to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think we had better
not enter upon this at this time, and I^shall
therefore object to the introduction of the
resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of introducing the joint reso-
lution and putting it upon its passage.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to know
who are proposed to be taken to do this
work?
Mr. DAWES. It is proposed to take some
gentlemen from the Smithsonian Institution j
and they agree to serve without pay.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If this joint resolution
be passed there will be no end to the expendi-
ture of public money in reference to this very
subject before we get through with it.
Mr. DAWES. It is expressly stipulated
that they shall serve without pay.
Mr. BENJAMIN. But is it not necessary
they should have a United States vessel or
two? .
Mr. DAWES. It will cost about five thou-
sand dollars a year. That is the estimate for
the purpose of carrying on this investigation
in order to ascertain whether along the coast
and upon the lakes there cannot be some
method devised to prevent the going to waste
of our valuable fisheries.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is there any esti-
mate from any Department?
Mr. DAWES. These commissioners do not
ask any compensation for their services.
Mr. FARNSWOKTH. Who '-are'' they,
or who "is" they? Is there only one, or are
there many of them? .
Mr. DAWES, if my fnend from Illinois
has never heard of the learned gentlemen who
have been so long at the Smithsonian Institu-
tion to carry out. the injunction of Smithson
himself, "the diffusion of knowledge among
men," I regret it. We had a communication
on this sabject from one of these gentlemen,
which I laid before the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no recollec-
tion of any such communication as that to
which the gentleman refers.
Mr. DAWES. I submitted it the other day,
and it was printed in full in the Globe. It
seems to me, as it seemed to the Committee
on Appropriations, whom I represent, that
this communication from Mr. Baird, of the
Smithsonian Institution, is a very valuable ones
and ought to commend itself to the attention
and action of the members on this floor. It
refers to a question of great importance, and
that is in reference to the diminution of food
fishes along our coast. It was of so much im-
portance that it at once attracted the attention
of scientific men, and I hope we will grant
them the permission which they seek to con-
tinue their investigations, as they proposed to
do it without any compensation for their ser-
vices. 1 regret that gentlemen deem it proper
to make objection.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Cannot these men go
on and make investigations without any such
action on our part ? If this investigation is to
be done without cost to the United States,
why the necessity of passing any joiut reso-
lution as that proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts?
Mr. MUNGEN. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. MDNGEN. Then I object to it.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion to suspend the rules for the purpose of
introducing and passing the joint resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Thequestion was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 137, nays 47, not voting
54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, At wood, Ax-
tell. Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Barry, Beaman,
Beatty, Benton, Bethune, Bingham, Blair, Boles,
George II. Brooks, James BrooKs, Buck, Buckley,
Butfinton, Burdett, C:iko, Calkin, Church ill, William
T. Clark, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger,
Cook, Cowles, Cox, Cultom, Darrall, Dawes. Deg-
enei. Donley, Duval, Dyer. Eia, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fisher, Fitch, Fox, Garfield, Getz, Gibson, Gilfillan,
Haight, Hale, Hamilton, Harris, Il.iwlev, lleftm.
Hill, Hoar, iloge, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Jenekcs, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg. Kelsey, Ketcham, I
Knapp, Lafiin, Lash, Logan, Long, Lynch, Mc- j
Crary. McK.ee. William Moore, Daniel J. Mor- I
roil. Samuel P. Moirill, Myers. Isiiblack, 0 Neill,
Oi-Lh Packard, IFaiberr, E. Paine. Palmer, Pock, (
Peters, Phelps, PHut, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, ■
Prosser, Jlamey, Beeves, Roger?, Roots, Sanlord,
Sargent, Sawyer, riooiietd. Shanks, Lionel A. ^hel-
don Porto* Sheldon, Sloeu.111, John A. Smith,
Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthmgton
C. Smith, Starkweather, Siemens, Stevenson, btokes,
Stoughton. Strickland, Strong, Sypher, lanner,
Taylor, Tillman, Townsend. Twicheii, L/pson, van
Horn, Van Wyek, Voorhee?-', Wallace, Uadvv.iiader
C. Washburn, William B. Washburn. Welker,
Wheeler. Whitmore. Eugene M. Wihon, John I.
Wilson, Winans. Wolf, and Young—137.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ampler, Archer, Asper,
Benjamin, Biggs, Booker, Boyd, Burchard. Burr,
Coburn, Conner, Joseph Dixon, Box, tldndgo,
Farnsworth, i^mkelnburg, (iris wo Id, Haideman,
Hainill, Hawkins. Hay, Holroan, Johnson, Ihomas
h. Jones, Jndd, Knott, Lawrence, Lewis, Manning,
-mm- % -% r . . .1 Af , 1..U At rtli,,/. TTT Yl .Vl'ff'in
amp,
"xOtVoTING—Messrs. Ames. Arnell, Beck, Ben-
nett. Bird, Bowen. benjamin P. Butler, Roderick
B. Butler, Cessna, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Orebs,
Dickey, Dickinson, Nathan F. Dixon, Dockery,
Duke, Hambleton, Hays, Ingersoll, Alexander H.
Jones, Kerr, Loughridge, Marshall, McCarthy,
McKenzie, McNeely, Mercur, Mimes, Lliakim 11.
Moore, Jesse H. Moore, Morey, Morri5sey, Negley,
Newshnm, Packer, William W. 1 aine, Perce, Potter,
Price, Randall, Schumaker, Sherrod, Shober, btone,
Strader, Sweeney, Taffe, Trimble, V an Auken,
Ward, Wilkinson, Williams, and W mche&tei—
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the joint resolution
(II. It. No. 468) for the protection and preserva-
tion of the food fishes ot the coast of the United
Stares was received, read three times, and
PtThe SPEAKER. The gentleman from Min-
i nesola [Mr. Wilson] is on the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I have prom-
ised to yield to the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Barry] to introduce a bill, if it does not
occupy much time.
jurisdiction of THE COURT OP CLAIMS.
Mr. BARRY. I ask leave to introduce a
joint resolution to extend to the citizens of
Mississippi the privileges conferred by the act
to limit the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
passed July 4, 1864.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read for information.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it resolved, &c„ That the provisions of the act
of Congress of the 4th of July, 1864, entitled ''An act
to limit the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims," is
hereby extended to the citizens of Mississippi, as
well as to the citizens of Tennessee, with all the
limitations and restrictions imposed on the citizens
of Tennessee.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Will the gentleman agree
to modify his resolution so as to make it apply
to all the citizens of all the States lately in
rebellion ?
Mr. BARRY. I certainly have no objection
to that.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Then I move to amend
the resolution so as to make it apply to all the
States lately in rebellion.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
joint resolution as thus modified.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it resolved, That the provisions of the act
of Congress ot the 4th of July, 1864, entitled " A a act
to limit the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims," is
hereby extended to the citizens of the States lately
in rebellion against the Government of the United
States, as well as to the citizens of Tennessee, with
all the limitations and restrictions imposed on the
citizens of Tennessee.
Mr. ROOTS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. Barry] if that will
cover any other cases than those filed before
the Court of Claims?
Mr. BARRY. It will not. By the act of
1804 the seceding States were debarred from
the benefit of the Court of Claims, even if they
could prove their loyalty.
Mr. ROOTS. I understand that. I think
this resolution should cover not only cases
before the Court of Claims, but all cases before
the various Departments on behalf of loyal
citizans.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope the gentleman
from Mississippi will allow the joint resolution
to go to the Committee ou the Judiciary,
Mr. BARRY. I will state to the gentleman
that I have seen every member of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is the only mem-
ber of that committee who objected; and lie
objected because all the States were not in-
cluded.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then the gentleman has
a sure committee to report his bill.
Mr. BUCK. I may state that last session I
introduced a resolution similar to this one and
had it referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and from that time nothing further has
been heard of it. I do hope that at this time
action will be taken so as to put us throughout
the South on the same footing as the State of
Tennessee, and all the northern States.
Mr. B UTLER, of Massachusetts. With refer-
ence to the remark just made by the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Buck,] I may state that
since December, 1869, the J udiciary Committee
has not been called for reports.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
joint resolution being now introduced and put
upon its passage ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object.
Mr. BARRY. Then I move to suspend the
rules in order that the joint resolution may be
put upon its passage.
The question was put on suspending the
rules; and there were—ayes, 94, noes, 24.
Mr. SCOFIELD called for the yeas and
nallr. JUDD. I desire to have the resolution
1 read.
