1510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
mission selected five of the best plans, and
calling together the five architects who had
made those plans, they put their heads together
and agreed upon a plan which was considered
to be perfect. That plan was adopted, and
careful estimates were made of the cost of the
building. According to that plan, the build-
ing would have contained nineteen thousand
mwre square feet than the area of the bailding
now in course of construction. The present
architect of the Treasury is substantially fol-
lowing that plan as to the style of building.
TI},e estimates were made for a granite build-
ing better and larger than the one now being
constructed; and those architects all swore
last winter that the building could have been
built at a cost within their estimates, which
amounted to $3,542,930 for the completed
building. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads prepared a bill directing the
construction of such a building, providing that
advertisement should be made for proposals
and the work should be let to the lowest bid-
der. Before the committee had an oppor-
tunity to report that bill an appropriation of
$200,000 was slipped into an appropriation
bill, which was passed by Congress, and the
building was begun. At the same time the
supervising architect of the Treasury, to show
how much more cheaply he could do the work
than the New York architects, estimated that
he could construct the same kind of a building
for $2,100,000; and he complained that we
were taking the work out of his hands for the
purpose of giving somebody a job. Now we
find that this same architect is expending
$2,250,000 to finish merely the basement stone
work. At this rate, what is the whole building
to cost?
Mi\ COX. Does the gentleman from Illi-
nois oppose this appropriation for the com-
pletion of the building' according to the plan
agreed upon, and the estimates prepared in
accordance with that plan ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I oppose all these
appropriations until we can have the contracts
let on publig| advertisements to the lowest
responsible Braders, so that we may take the
work out of the hands of fraudulent 'specu-
lators who make contracts, as is said in some
parts of the country, on the sly.
Mr. COX. Does not the gentleman from
Illinois know that in order to get a firm founda-
tion it was found necessary to go some twenty
feet lower than was at first expected ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know that. The
New York architects who were consulted by
the commission understood all that; for they
were building in New York every day, and
were thoroughly acquainted with the character
of the earth and the foundations required.
Mr. COX. I desire to say, if the gentleman
from Illinois will not take up all of my time,
that the increase of this appropriation comes
from the fact that there was a larger amount
of sand to be taken for a foundation out of
that place than anybody anticipated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And that sand sold
for all it cost to take it out.
Mr. SARGENT. And its place had to be
filled with granite.
Mr. COX. The work done there under
Mr. Hulburd, the superintendent, was by day's
work. The contract was made in the cheapest
way possible. I think the gentleman's criti-
cisms are altogether unfounded—built upon
sand ; and he has not yet answered what I have
said about the Rock Island business.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We had the testi-
mony of gentlemen on the subject. The super-
intendent of the work told me himself that
they sold the sand for all it cost to take it out.
Men were willing to go there and take that
sand out for what the sand would bring them,
it being used for building purposes. It was
good building-sand. Therefore the pretense
of extra cost on this account is merely sham.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Illinois sup-
poses that there was nothing more to be done
than to dig the sand out; but he should not
forget that a wall had to be constructed down
to the depth at which they dug the sand, in
order to make a sure foundation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The architects esti-
mated for basement and sub-basement. The
whole thing was estimated for. The idea that
this basement cost so much is all a sham ; the
fraudulent contracts and bad management are
the cause of the enormous cost.
Mr. FITCH. Atthe last session of Congress,
Mr. Speaker, I offered a resolution that the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
should visit the cities of New York and Boston
and examine into the construction of these
Government buildings; which resolution was
adopted. Under that resolution the commit-
tee, with the chairman of that committee,
my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Farnswokth,]
visited those places and prepared a report
which was submitted to the House at the last
session.
The committee did not agree with reference
to the construction to be placed on those con-
tracts or the propriety of certain action recom-
mended. And I will state that, while making
that investigation, the committee was led to
inquire into the allegation—I will not say
allegation, but we were led to inquire into the
suspicion of the distinguished chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
that a member of Congress was interested in
contracts for the Boston post office, and I
suppose the House understands perfectly well
who the gentleman is that is referred to—the
distinguished gentleman from the fifth con-
gressional district of Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler.] I wish to say that we carefully cross-
examined every witness who came before the
committee, that we pushed the investigation
as far as it conld be done; and I desire to say
that so far as it is possible to prove a nega-
tive, it was conclusively proved that the hon-
orable gentleman from the fifth district of
Massachusetts was in no way, directly or indi-
rect! v . interested in or connected with these
con i ■ U; and as a matter of justness and fair-
nesfc, i ask the gentleman from Illinois, who
has referred to evidence in connection with
that report, to show me a line, paragraph, or
sentence in that evidence anywhere that
directly or indirectly connects any member of
this House with these contracts for the Boston
post office.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Let us have the vote.
The question was taken; and Mr. Dawes's
amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the building for post office and sub-Treasury
in Boston, theunexpended balance of appropriation
remaining on the 30th June, 1870. appropriated for
pui chase of site of the same, which was covered into
the Treasury by the provisions of section five of the
act of July 12,1870, is hereby reappropriated and
made available, together with the sum of $64,279 75,
to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the
award for the necessary land condemned under
authority of the State of Massachusetts for the
purposes of said building; for purchase of title
in passage way, $8,000: and for expenses of legal
proceedings, $5,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point
of order. There is nothing authorizing that
appropriation, none whatever. I will state to
the Chair precisely what the condition of this
matter is.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman, and will then rule upon his point
of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. A law was passed
by C&ngress authorizing the purchase of the
site at Boston, that site being described in the
act. That site was purchased. No law was
ever passed by Congress authorizing the pur-
chase of any other site. Then upon its face
it must be apparent that the land referred to
in this paragraph must be something outside
of any property authorized to be purchased
by Congress. And I ask, what have we to do
with any former appropriation of land made
under the statutes of Massachusetts and with
paying the expense ther eof? A site was pur-
chased under the authority of the act of Con-
gress, and a building is being erected thereon.
This land referred to in the paragraph is some
additional land which the people there want,
but they have got no act of Congress for its
purchase. We might with as much propriety
put in an appropriation to purchase a piece of
land at Chicago or anywhere else.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see,
from the reading of the paragraph, that it
contemplates the purchase of any additional
land.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The paragraph pro-
vides an appropriation to pay for additional
land, to pay an award for land condemned
under the statutes of Massachusetts for the
purpose of this building—land the purchase of
which has never been authorized by any act
of Congress.
The SPEAKER. In what line does the
phrase "additional land" occur?
Mr. LAWRENCE. While that is being
looked up, I will ask the Clerk to read a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury explan-
atory of this clause. The committee directed
this appropriation to be put into the bill in
compliance with the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
JL'he SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
letter read. But he will repeat that he does
not see in the paragraph the phrase which the
gentleman from Illinois indicated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the Chair will
examine the paragraph he will see tha.t it does
not make an appropriation for thebuilding at
all; at least that is my understanding of it. I
ask the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations to say whether this is an appropri-
ation for the building at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot rule
upon the point of order, either upon the state-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois or upon
that of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations. There is nothing in the par-
agraph, as it has been read, which is objec-
tionable under the rule.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have stated to the
Chair upon my responsibility 
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not doubt
the gentleman's responsibility, but the Chair
cannot rule upon the responsibility of any gen-
tleman. The Chair must rule upon the exact
language of the bill as reported, and the lan-
guage of the bill, as reported, does not make
the paragraph obnoxious to the rule.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Whether the phrase be
so or not, if the fact is so will not the Chair
take notice of it?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vax Trump] refers to the legal effect, and
not to the parliamentary effect. The House
is to judge of the legal effect by an ay and
no vote. The Chair only rules upon parlia-
mentary points; and the Chair rules that the
language, as it stands, is not obnoxious to the
rule.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me a
very fine distinction which is made by the
Chair. This money is appropriated to pur-
chase some land or to pay an award made for
land uuder authority of the State of Massa-
chusetts, and under that state of facts I have
made the point of order that there is no law
authorizing such an appropriation.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a point of
order. I understand that the point of order
made by the gentleman from Illinois has been
overruled by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, however, is
willing to hear the gentleman, although, of
course, he has ruled upon the point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Allow me to explain
my position. I do not understand that this
paragraph makes an appropriation for the
building at all. If I am incorrect in tbis the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
can correct me. If it were an appropriation
for the building I grant you it would be iu
