684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
. The resolution was agalin read.
The question being put on ordering the yeas
and nays, there were—ayes, thirty-five, more
than one fifth of the last vote.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAWES« Would it be in order to read
the act of 1864?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent
only,
Mr. MAYNARD. I think the act of 18C4
should be read, and also the joint resolution
in favor of the loyal citizens of Tennessee, in
order that the House may understand the pur-
port of this resolution.
Mr. R AND ALL. I object to debate.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 126, nays 67, not voting, 45 ; as follows :
YEAS—Mea&rs. Adams, Archer, Aj-nell, Asper,
Axtcll,Bailey,Bank3,Barnum.Bairy,Beck, Bennett,
Bethune. Biggs, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Booker,
liowen, Boyd, James Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Bur-
chard, Burr, Roderick li. Butler, Cake, Calkin,
Churchill, William X. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Con-
ger, Connor, Cook, Cox, Darrall, Degener, Joseph
Dixon,Doekevy, Dox, Duke, Duval,Dyer, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Perry, Emkolnburg,Fox,Garfield,CJetz,
Gibson, Griswold, J [Right. Ilaideuian, liambleton,
llamiII,Harris,Hawkins, llill, lioge.llolman, John-
son, Alexander Jti. Jones, Thomas L. Jones. Kerr,
Knott  Lash, Lewis. Manning-, Marshall, May ham,
Mavnard.McCoriniek, McUrew, McKoe, McTCenzie,
McNecly.'Morgan, Morphts. Daniel J. Morrell, Mun-
gen, Nibl aok, ilaiberfc E. Paine,Palmer, Perce, Piatt,
Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Pressor, Randall,
llecves, llice, Rogers,Roots,Sargent, Lionel A. Shel-
don, Shober, Slooum, Joseph S. Smith, William J.
Smith, Stevenson, Stiles. Stone, Strickland, Swann,
Syphcr, Tanner, Tillman* Trimble, Twichell, Van
Aukeu, Van Horn, Van Trump, Yoorhees, Wallace,
W oils, Wheoi or,'Will dnson. Uusoiie M. "Wilson, J olm
T. Wilson, Winans. Witcllur. Wood, Woodward, and
Younsf—12G.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, At-
wnod, Ayer. Beaman, Beatty, Ben.ia.min, Benton,
(ieorge M. Brooks, liuflinton, Amasa. Cobb, Coburn,
Oowles, Cullom, Dawes, Donley, 141a, Ferriss, i'isher,
(xilli!la.ii, Hale, 1 iawloy, ^ilay, lloar, Ilotchkiss,
.Teiu-.kes, Judd, Juli;in, Kelley, Kolsey, Ketcham,
Knapp.Liiliiii,Lawrence, Lorig.Louahridfre.McOrary,
Mercur, AYiUiuin Moore, Samuel 1\ Morrill, Myers,
0'.N:oill, Ortli, PackarU, l^ock. lVters, Phelps,Sawyer,
Scolietd, iSlianks, Porter Sheldon', John A. Smith,
AVoi'thina:toii Smith, ^tnrj<weather, Stoughton,
►Strong, Taylor, Towusond, Tyiier, Va.n Wyek, Cad-
walader C. Washburn. William B Washburn. Wel-
Villard. Williams, aud Woll—G7.
NOT VOTI>IU~.&le;?-*is. Ames, Bird, Burdett,
Benjamin jb\ Butler, Cessna, Sidney Clarke, Cleve-
land, Crcbs, Dickey, Dickinson, Nathan i'. Dixon.
.Kitcli, Hamilton, Hays, IT'diin, Holmes, llooper,
fntfersoll, Ivellogs;, Bo^an. I.a nnh, MeCai thy,Milnes,
Khakini II.Moore.-1 es^o II, Moore.Morey.Morrissey,
Nejflcy, Newshani, Packer, William W.Paiue,Price,
ll.umjy, Banl'oid, Soliumakcr, Kherrod. Stevens,
8tokes, ^trader, Swoenoy, Taft'e, Upson, Ward,
Wliituiore, and Winchester—I.J.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
NAVtQA'l'iON 01' TUB MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I ask unan-
imous consent to report from the Committee
on the Public Lands a bill (II. R. No. 2*109)
to amend un act entitled "An uct making a
grant ot land to the Slate of Minnesota to aid
in the improvement of the navigation of the
Mississippi river,'' approved July 23, 18G8,
with a view to put it upon its passage.
Mr. AUNIiLL. I object..
Sir. WILSON, of Minnesota. I move to
t>uRpeiid the rules to enable me to make the
report, and 1 hope the House will allow the
report which accompanies liio bill to be read.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the
report.
Mr. ARNELL. I object t.p the reading of
that report, and move tUfct the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I have made
a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. CfJLLOAl. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will allow me to make a statement
to the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to any debate.
Mr. AUNELL. I insist on my motion.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
ENROLLED BILL AND RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on Un-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:
A bill (S. No. 610) for the reVief of the
Stockbridge and Munsee tribe of Indians, in
the State of Wisconsin ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 270) for the
benefit of the Industrial Home for Destitute
Children in the District of Columbia.
congressional documents.
The SPEAKER, byunanimdusconsent", laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting to the House a joint
resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Interior to exchange, sell, or dispose of broken
sets of congressional documents and certain
other documents in the custody of the Depart-
ment of the Interior; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
indian council.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting to the House a letter from tho
Committee on Indian Affairs in relation to an
estimate of funds required to defray the ex-
penses of the general council of certain Indian
tribes in the Indian territory; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
claim oi' c. e. hedges.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting to the House a report of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs in relation to the
claim of C. E. Hedges, of Sioux City, Iowa,
amounting to $11,329, for supplies furnished to
theYancton Sioux Indians ; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
education of indians.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letler from the Secretary of the Inter'ior,
transmitting to the House a letter from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, asking for an
appropriation of $110,000 for instructing and
aiding the Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
clerks in navy department.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting to the House a report in relation to
the desks and clerks in his Department; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed.
donation op cannon.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting to the House a report from the chief of
ordnance in relation to the donation of bronze
cannon to certain monumental associations;
which was referred to tho Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
quartermaster's department.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a letter from the Quartermaster General
in relation to deficiencies in the appropriations
for the contingent expenses of his office for the
fiscal years ending June 30, 1871, and June
30, 1870 ; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
ordnance department.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting to the House a statement of the contracts
and purchases of the ordnance department of
the Army during the year just closed; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to bo printed.
"unexpended balances.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, in relation
to sections five and seven of the act of Con-
gress of July 12, 1870, relative to unexpended
balances of appropriations; which was referred
to tho Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
pay department of the army.
The SPEAKER.also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting to the House an estimate of the
amount required to supply deficiencies in the
appropriation for the pay department for the
current fiscal year; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
quartermasters' contracts.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting to the House a statement of the
contracts of the quartermaster's department
during the year just closed; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
reconsideration of references.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
votes just taken, by which bills, &e., had been
referred or recommitted ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter.motion was agreed to.
• claims of loyal citizens.
Mr. BOLES. I desire at this time to have
entered, upon the Journal a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the House on Friday
last liwd upon the table a bill (II. R. No.
1477) to provide for the auditing, adjudicating,
and payment of certain claims ofeertain loyal
citizens of the States lately in rebellion.
The SPEAKER. Was not a general motion
of reconsideration made and laid on the table?
Mr. BOLES. It was not. I would have
entered the motion on Saturday, except for
the order of the House, that the session ot' that
day was to be for debate only and not for busi-
ness of any general character.
The SPEAKER. As Saturday was by order
of the House not devoted to any business, the
Chair will regard to-day as the first legisla-
tive day since the bill referred to was laid on
the table. The motion to reconsider will
accordingly be entered upon the Journal.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Arneli,, that the House adjourn; and
being taken, upon a division there were—ayes
74, noes 68.
So the motion was agreed to ; and accord-
ingly at (four o'clock and fifteen minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. ADAMS: The petition of Thomas
Foley, as guardian of minor children of Calvin
P. Siler, late private company A, eighth regi-
ment Kentucky volunteer infantry, for arrears
of pension.
Also, the petition of Mary Rich, widow of
Charles L. Rich, late a private of company II,
twenty-fourth regiment Kentucky volunteer
infantry, for arrears of pension.
By Mr." ARNELL: The petition of J. M.
Kirkwood, and 07 others, citizens of Henry
county, Tennessee, asking Congress to aid
common schools at the South.
By Mr. AXTELL; A resolution of the
board of supervisors of' the city of San Fian-
eisco, California, requesting the Senators and
Representatives from tliatState louse all their
influence to have the Presidio military reserva-
tion set apart for a public park.
Also, a resolution of the California Legisla-
ture, to the same effect.
Also a memorial from the Chamber of Com-
merce of San Diego, California, asking that
San Diego be created a port of entry.
By Mr. BURCHARD: A petition of assist-
ant marshals in the northern district of Illinois,
for increased compensation for taking census.
