ml.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
■m
Also, a resolution of the General Assem-
bly of the State of Illinois, jn reference to
an appropriation for the improvement of the
Wabash river.
By Mr. CLARK, of Texas: The petition of
Benjamin S. Wilson and Thomas G. Birdwell,
of VValker county, Texas, for removal of polit-
ical disabilities. *
By Mr. DUKE: The memorial of John W.
Farrell, C. Ford, jr., G. VV. Langhorne & Co.,
and CO others, manufacturers of tobacco in
the city of Lynchburg, Virginia, praying that
manufactured tobacco, snuff, and cigars, hav-
ing paid the internal revenue tax as manufac-
tured goods, should, including leaf tobacco,
be treated as general merchandise, and not
subject to a tax on sales; and that the spe-
cial tax and license of retail dealers who sell
cigars, snuff, and tobacco, but who do not
make it their whole business, such as retail
liquor dealers or keepers of hotels, inns, drug-
gists, taverns, or eating-houses, grocers, and
all of such class, shall be abolished.
By Mr. F1NKELNBQRG: The petition
of Augustus ICrell, late private company A,
twenty-third Indiana voluuteers, for an invalid
pension.
By Mr. GAHFIELD, of Ohio: A petition
of the National Tobacco Association of Rich-
mond, Virginia, in regard to the tax on to-
bacco.
By Mr. HAIGHT: The petition of Mary E.
Rogers, of Burlington county, New Jersey,
asking for a pension.
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of Wil-
liam T. Pate, of Indiana, praying for relief
on account of overpayment of internal reve-
nue tax.
Also, the memorial of J. J. Pitchlynn, dele-
gate of the Choctaw nation, in relation to
an appropriation to pay the balance due the
Choctaw nation under the award of the Sen-
ate of March 9, 1859.
By Mr. KELLEY: A petition of certain
citizens of Pennsylvania, for relief from repay-
ment of taxes on snulf and tobacco.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of Louis
Kaiser, Alex. Miller, Serb, Pering & Co., and
others, for a reduction of tax on tobacco under
excise laws.
By Mr. LYNCH: Resolves of the Legisla-
ture of Maine, asking indemnity to owners of
lands taken by the United States and ceded
to Great Britain.
By Mr. MAYHAM: The memorial of P.
V. Hagner, colonel of ordnance, commanding
at Troy, New York, asking an appropriation
for permanent improvements of the Watervliet
arsenal at West Troy, New York.
By Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. The
petition of Harriet Graham, for relief.
Also the petition of James Bridger, for relief.
By Mr. McKENZIE: Petitions of sundry
citizens of Washington and Georgetown, asking
the amending of the act granting the Long
Bridge to the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad
Company.
By Mr. RANDALL : The petition of Wil-
liam Rickards, asking a pension for service in
the war of 1812.
By Mr. RICE : The petition of K. F. Prieh-
ard and others, asking that Catlettsburg, Boyd
county, Kentucky, be designated as one of the
places at which the district court of the United
States for the eastern district of Kentucky
shall be held.
By Mr. SHANKS: A petition of 141 set-
tlers on the Cherokee neutral lands, in Kansas,
asking the passage of House bill No. 1074,
granting them relief under the homestead and
preemption laws; and refer to the report of
Hon. J. P. C. Shanks, of Indiana, for a show-
ing of their rights as claimed by them.
By Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee: A petition
of citizens of Memphis and Shelby county, Ten-
nessee, asking Congress to pass a bill allowing
citizens to redeem property sold at_ United
States direct tax sale in 18,64 and bid m by
the Government.
By Mr. STEVENSON: A memorial of the
Covington city council, remonstrating against
the construction of the Newport and Cincinnati
bridge on the present plan.
By Mr. VOORHEES: The petition of Jacob
Harding, praying for compensation as Govern-
ment inspector at the distillery of Messrs.
Gordon & Co., at Paris, Indiana.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 24, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. J. A. McCatjley, D. D., of
Washington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
DISTRICT TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 594) to provide
a government for the District of Columbia.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate non-coneurin the amendmentofthe House,
and ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. HARLAN. I have a letter from a citi-
zen of the District stating that the board of
aldermen and common council of the city of
Washington have passed resolutions remon-
strating against the passage of the bill. I have
not seen a copy of these resolutions, but under-
stand from this letter that such action has been
taken by the authorities of the city.
In that view of the case, I think it would be
better to refer the bill to the Committee on the
District of Columbia. I do not wish to take
any course that would be distasteful to the
chairman of that committee ; but it is a very
importantbill. lunderstand the House amend-
ment is, in effect, a new bill, striking out the
body of the Senate bill and incorporating, to
a considerable extent, new matter. I think it
would be better to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, that it may
be examined with care. In this body there
is no difficulty in a committee making a report
on any morning, and it would not, I think, en-
danger the passage of the bill in some form.
If 1 thought it would I should not make the
suggestion. In view of the action taken by
the city authorities, I think it would be better
to let the bill go to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggested yesterday
that I thought at this stage of the session,
when we have over a month yet for business,
to appoint a committee of conference on a bill
which has never in detail in this shape been
before the Senate would hardly be proper.
True, a bill of this number and title has been
before the Senate, and this is a Senate bill in
that respect; but there are a great many pro-
visions in the bill now before us which have
never been brought to the notice of the Sen-
ate ; and to appoint a committee of conference
now, more than a month before we adjourn,
when there is no necessity for it, seems to me
to be uncalled for.
Besides, there are several amendments
which ought to be made. A committee of
conference perhaps might get them all in ; but
a committee of conference can be composed
of only three members of the Senate and three
members of the House of Representatives,
and it is hardly to be supposed that they
would report all the amendments which might
occur to other members of the Senate not on
the committee.
I am very much of the opinion that this bill
should go to the Committee on the District of
Columbia. I took the pains to read it through
and see what it was; that is, I read through
what is published in the House proceedings as
in this bill—I have not seen the manuscript—
and I see that they have provided for the ap-
pointment of a Governor and for the election
of a Governor, and the bill is incomplete in
very many respects. While a committee of
conference would have the power to make
amendments, it is not to be supposed that they
would be likely to make all that might occur
to other Senators. I respectfully ask that 5t
may go to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, of which my friend from
Hampshire is chairman.
Mr. PATTERSON. The body of the bijl
is the same as that passed by the Senate at the
last session. There have been quite a number
of amendments, some pretty important atiiend-
ments, to the bill. My only'objection to having
it go back to the Committee on the District of
Columbia is the delay which that would cause.
I am anxious that the bill should go through
in some form during the sessiorj; and many of
the friends of the bill are afraid that if it goes
to the committee, and we wait for an oppor-
tunity to report, and then are delayed in our
attempts to get it up, so much time will be
spent that we shall not be able to pass the bill
during the present session.
I think if the bill goes to a committee of
conference that it can take up all the amend-
ments which have been made and make such
improvements as may be agreeable to mem-
bers of the Senate who are anxious to have
amendments. They could state to the com-
mittee of conference'what amendments they
would like.. It seems to me the whole matter
might be considered there. I have no special
preference, however.
Mr. WILSON. I hope this bill will go to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
of which the Senator who has just taken his
seat is the able chairman. T am willing to
trust it with that committee. Let them report
it as soon as they please, so that we can have
an opportunity here in the Senate to pass upon
its different provisions. I think we are carry-
ing this matter of legislation by committees of
conference quite too far. This bill involves
important principles, which ought to be care-
fully cousidered by the Senate. I hope that
the bill, imperfect as it is, imperfect as it is
admitted to be, will be referred to the District
Committee, have a careful consideration, he
reported by them, and that all of us will have
an opportunity to vote upon its different pro-
visions and to propose amendments if we see
fit. I do not believe that there is any great
hurry in forcing the bill along. On the con-
trary, I think we shall have time enough be-
tween now and the 4th of March to act upon
it. I hope it will be referred to that commit-
tee, and that no more time will be spent upon
it now.
Mr. HAMLIN. Having been connected with
the bill which originally passed the Senate at
the last session, I desire to say that I regard
the whole thing as an experiment, and it wns
in that view that the bill was originally passed ;
but I have great faith that it will prove to be
a successful experiment. The legislation re-
quisite for this District it is found utterly im-
possible to have accomplished in Congress.
There are so many public measures pressing
upon the attention of Senators and Represent-
atives, demanding their time and investiga-
tion, that they are utterly incompetent or have
not the time to devote that attention to the
affairs of the District of Columbia which the
District requires and demands. Such is the
practical effect, as every Senator knows. Now,
in my judgment, the simple question before
the Senate is whether the bill is to pass or be
defeated. In my opinion, if you refer it to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and then bring it back into the Senate, and
every Senator who takes the suggestion of a
single individual outside who may be disposed
to oppose it comes in here and presents his
objection to a single point, it will end as cer-
tainly in the defeat of the bill as anything can
be certain in the future. That is my judgment.
Mr. PATTERSON. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion to him just there?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr PATTERSON. The Committee on the
District of Columbia in the House of Repre-
