686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
sentatives have but one day more during this
session for the consideration of District busi-
ness. They are loaded down with business,
and they have got to take up all the bills that
go there from the Senate, consider them in
committee, and pass them on that day if they
are to be passed at all. There is no other
day.on which they can report this bill from
that committee, whereas, if it goes to a com-
mittee of conference, it can be taken up at
any time for consideration.
Mr. POMEROY. There will be time enough
for two or three committees of conference on
it yet. We are not confined to any one com-
mittee.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now, in relation to the bill
as it passed the House and as it passed the
Senate, 1 think from a careful examination of
the bill, as I read it in the papers, (and 1 sup-
pose that is a correct transcript of the bill on
your table,} there are but three features in the
bill, as it passed the House, which are at all
different from the features of the bill which
passed the Senate, or involving any material
principles different from those in the bill which
has passed the Senate. One is the creation
of a board of public works, another is to
have the Governor and .the higher branch of
the legislative body appointed by the Presi-
dent, and the third is the abolition'of the city
charter. I think these are the only three
points in which the bill disagrees with that
which passed the Senate ; they are all cer-
tainly that are material. They may all be
readily understood. Now, believing it very
desirable that this bill should pass and go out
as an experiment, and it being within the con-
trol of the Senate at any subsequent period of
time to add any new amendment to the bill,
changing its features, as it shall be found
necessary, as the bill shall prove beneficial or
injurious in its practical application to the peo-
ple of the District, it seems to me to be wiser
and better to adopt the course which has been
suggested by the chairman of the committee.
At least, if it is desirable to pass the bill, I
think it is better to pursue that course. I can
see 110 difficulty in it.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that the motion
of the chairman of the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia will prevail, and that this
bill will go to a committee of conference. From
all that I can learn, any other course will he
likely to defeat the measure. Those who have
given the affairs of the District of Columbia
any consideration must be satisfied that the
laws of the District are in a most confused
condition, and tbey must also be thoroughly
satisfied of another fact, that the two Houses
of Congress have nottime to sit here as a board
of supervisors or as a common council to man-
ago the affairs of the city of Washington and
the various other organizations within the Dis-
trict. They have here a levy court, then a
city government for Washington, then a city
government for Georgetown, and they have
also a county government. They have several
organizations that are legislating to some ex-
tent with regard to their local affairs. Then
they have the legislation of Congress. Be-
sides all this, some of the old laws of Mary-
land prevail here, and we are doing patchwork
constantly; so that it is almost impossible for
anybody to know what the laws in the District
are; it is almost impossible to know whether
the levy court, or the city government, or the
county government, or Congress should act
upon any given question. The result is con-
fusion, expense, extravagance.
I was very much pleased with the effort that
the Committee on the District of Columbia
made at the last session to perfect a general
system. Now that system, as the House has
amended it, may not be perfect; but it is quite
evident that if we do not pass this general law
at this time we shall not get one at the present
session, and another Congress may result in
the same way; whereas, if we now pass a gen-
eral law consolidating these various govern-
ments, it will be very easy hereafter to remedy
any little defects there may be in it.
There are some provisions in the House bill
to which I have heard objection made ; but,
for myself, I think that the particular provis-
ion to which most objection is made is highly
commendable. I refer to the provision allow-
ing the President to appoint the Governor and
the council. I think those who have observed
the experiment of city government here would
be very well content that the President should
appoint the Governor and council. It is suf-
ficient for the people to express themselves in
the election of the lower house of the Legis-
lature. It seems to me that by this course
we shall have more stability of government.
I do not think it was intended originally that
the District of Columbia should be entirely
under the control of the people who might live
here. The Government of the United States
has so much property here and so much inter-
est in the control that a more direct agency on
the part of the Government is important.
It is almost impossible, as I have said before,
to exercise that agency through Congress, be-
cause we have not the time to attend to the
details; but if the President of the United
States appoints the Governor and council,
there will be a general control by the United
States in the affairs of the District. If this
bill passes, which consolidates the various
governments, there will be simplicity, and I
hope that no course will be taken that will
deprive us of this very necessary legislation.
I hope the motion of the chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia will
prevail. He knows best what is necessary in
order to secure the passage of any measure for
the District, and I have full confidence that a
committee of the two Houses, after all the dis-
cussion tliathas been had on the various points
in this bill, will perfect the bill in such a way
as will be satisfactory to the two Houses. The
whole thing is open to them to amend. The
House of Representatives, although they have
adopted the general system of the Senate bill,
have done it by an amendment in the nature
of a substitute, so that it is perfectly in order
for a committee of conference to make such
amendments as the two Houses will be likely
to agree to. The sentiment of the two Houses
is pretty well understood, and this committee
can undoubtedly very well harmonize the dis-
agreeing votes, so that we can pass the bill at
this session. I hope it will go to a committee
of conference.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 should like to inquire
which of these motions takes precedence; the
motion to refer to a standing committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Under the elev-
enth rule a motion to commit takes precedence
of any action whatever on the amendment of
the House.
Mr. POMEROY. To commit to a standing
committee is the first, motion in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly; to
commit to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. POMEROY. That takes precedence
of a motion to non-concur.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion under parliamentary law is the question
of concurrence, pending which the Senator
from New Hampshire moves to non-concur,
and asks the appointment of a committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, which, though not parliamentary, has
been received to expedite business in both
branches ; but a motion to commit has priority
of any action on the amendment at all.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I move to commit
the bill and amendment to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. MCHIRILL, of Vermont. I am quite
disposed to favor a territorial bill for this Dis-
trict ; but, on a cursory examination of the
House bill, I am very clear that it ought not
to pass without very material amendment.
In addition to the three points suggested by
the Senator from Maine, there is another one
of quite equal, perhaps of greater, importance
in relation to taxation. 1 observe that one
section of the House bill provides that all the
real and personal estate of the United States
shall be subject to taxation in this District.
That would involve a question like this : if
we should happen to have a few hundred thou-
sand arms in the arsenal here, they are to be
taxed, for they are personal property. If we
have any tools at the navy-yard, any machinery
there, it is to be taxed, because it is personal
property. Then take our public squares; take
La Payette square, or any other square that
has no public buildings on it; it would be
taxed and all the lauds where our public
buildings exist, exclusive of the buildings, can
be taxed. It seems to me that these are very
important questions which deserve a consider-
ation by a committee. I have entire confidence
in the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and there are too many and too great ques-
tions here involved to be submitted to any
committee of conference. I shall, therefore,
vote in favor of committing the bill to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I take
some interest in this proposition to establish
a territorial government in the District of
Columbia, and at the last session I submitted
in brief my views to the Senate in favor of
some such government as this bill provides.
I think it an absolute necessity, and I think
it an absolute requirement of justice to the
people of this District.
I have looked into this bill. I think in gen-
eral it is a very good bill; but in one or two
features perhaps it needs amendment. I do
not myself see—although it has not been ob-
jected to I believe—why the appointment of
the council should be vested in the President
of the United States. My reason is that Con-
gress, which has plenary power over all the
legislation of the Assembly provided for by the
bill, can protect the Government against any
sort of legislation that that Assembly might
see fit to enact. I do not therefore see the
necessity for vesting the appointment of the
council in the President. Still, I would not
make that an insuperable objection to the bill.
But there is one amendment that I hope to
see adopted, and I shall vote t.o refer the bill
to the Committee on the District of Columbia,
or for a committee of conference, as will best
facilitate my offering an amendment which I
wish to offer to the bill. As is known to Sena-
tors, the bill provides for a Legislative Assem-
bly to consist of two houses: a council ap-
pointed by the President consisting of eleven
members, and a house of delegates consisting
of twenty-two members. Those twenty-two
members, according to the bill, are to be
elected in twenty-two districts, into which
the District of Columbia is to be divided,
one member to be elected from each district.
Now, sir, I am in favor of the principle of
minority representation. I believe it to be the
most important thing that we can do to preserve
free institutions in this country. I believe that
of all places where it can be adopted with the
most safety, the cities are those places, and I
hope to see the Congress of the United States
set that example in respect to the District of
Columbia. We know how it is now. There
is the great city of New York, in which almost
every officer in it belongs to one political party,
the other party being wholly unrepresented in
the city government. It is the same way in
other cities. 1 shall therefore vote to bring
before the Senate this question in reference
to this bill, and at the proper time move an
amendment that the twenty-two members of
the house of delegates be elected on a general
ticket in such wise that the principle of minor-
ity representation may prevail; and I will go
for such a course as will best enable me to
ingraft such an amendment on the bill.
Mr. MOKTON. I am in favor of a terri-
torial government for this District. I took
