1612
TIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
a Democrat, ite Bfis betfti " everything b#
tiirfts, and nothing long." [Laughter i] ,
Mi-. SARGENT. , lhe gentleman from Illi-
nois is, I think, misk&kgh as t6 the object of
this appropriation. If he will look irlto the
bill he will firid thai the deficiencies for fur=
niturC in the1 Treasury Department are em-
braced in an ehtii-ely diSereiit item; This
item is for a deficiency for furniture in Sffl the
public buildings throughout thfe Ufiited States^
or a table, or some Offifer article Of furniture
gets broken in a jufy-rooffi. . In such a case
the judge makfes afi order ori the Uriifed States
marshal toi fe'plaee the piece of furniture, and
it must be done. In the first instance the mar-
shal pays this ilion^y Out of his own pockgtj
He cannot resist the order of the judge, and
he oughj: not to resist it. But these bills come
to the Treasury Department, where they are
carefully scrutinized. This appropriation is
intended for the payment of such bills and
bills for ordinary repair's of furniture in public
buildings throughout the United Stales.
1ft riakiftg the appropriation last year the'
arnouiit was cut down very considerably more
than the amount now pressed to be added;
So that, in point of faet, there has been ecoti1
omy rather than extravagance. No other sys-
tem than that which is followed can be de-
vised. If you make special appropriations
for New York city or some other city for the
repair of furniture in that particular place,
you will find the aggrfegateathodntwillbe veij
much greater. Under the present system this
matter is put under the eharge of the TreaS1
ury Department. These bilk are sent there,
audited and scrutinized! If they are fair they
are paid; and furids must be in the hands of the
Secretary of the Treasury in order to pay themi
In regard to the looking-glasses, they wer§
bought under the administration of Andrew
Johnson. It was very difficult for the Cofti;
mittee on Appropriations, after a searching
investigation, to ascertain who were the subor-
dinate officers who were responsible for the
purchase of those mirrors. But I know the fact
that several of tte men who Were involved in
the matter have been removed; and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, undfer whose adminis-
tration the matter took place, was himself
removed, of Course, by the appointment of his
succe.ssor upon the afccesSiOn of the present
Administration; But th&t inatter has nothing
to do with this appropriation. Which is simply
to provide for furniture for the various public
buildings,throughout the Uhited States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There are
somfe things in this world, Mr* S^eakef j Which
a man cannot avoid. Wfieii he is going along
the street, where a mud-cart is slopping over, he
may not be able to avoid having some ofthe mud
splashed upon him: All he can do is to hate
it brushed off when it gets dry, quite certain
that it will do him no harm. Now, sir, I have
sat here quiet in this debate, and hate listened
to two or three things. Iii the first place, thfe
member frbm Illinois [Mr. FarnSworth] an-
nounced that when we came to the Boston post
office he would show What member of Coii-
gress was interested iti the construction of that
building; and he made such a reference to
me as no man could mistake. I waited with
patience till that question should come up.
Thereupon one of his colleagues on the Com-
mittee arose and Said that there Was not the
slightest evidence touching me, and dared him
to produce a line of proof; Thereupon; with
a great flourish of trunipets,- he werit out after
some papers. He came back and let the clause
relative to the post-office appropriatibn pais
by without saying one word. Then there came
up some appropriation supposed to be for
carpets or other furniture; and thereupon the
mud-mabhine sets at work again; ahd you are
told that the furniture of the Treasury has been
used by me, though there is hot (She Word of
s truth in it.
Liet me say a word-on this subject once for
all; for this is an enteftainfflentto which I do
not OfteninfitSthS House in any form. What
are the, accusations, sir, of thee member from
Illinois ? That the Secretary of the Treasury(
that the supervising architect, the Coihmittee
oil Appropriations—that everybody who had
to do With these appropriations* that all are
corrupt, all fraudulent, all Wicked. And
all this made in the House By a man Whose
majority when last elected lias dwindled ten-
fold ; who, when he Went before his people
for reelection, ran down frdni fourteen thou-
sand majority to fourteen hundred—against a
Methodist preacher, toO. [Laughter. 3
Now, Mr, Speaker, I have2 but a single ob-
servation further to make. He who accuses
all the world convicts only one; and that is
himself. He who runs a muck against every
man only shows that his own heart has all
the (jiialitiCs With which he desires to invest
everybody else. He is like the man who,
being drunk himselfj saw all the world stag-
gering before hitn. . So the gentleman sees
nothing but wrong, fraud, Corruption, misfea-
sance and malfeasance in everybody else.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I mote to reduce the
appropriation $10,000; and 1 do it for the pur-
pose of replying to the mefaber from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler.] I did hot say his house was
garnished with Government iooking-glasses)
nor did I say that his politics were "every-
thing by turns and nothing long;'' but it seems
the cap fitted him, and so I must be content
to let him W6ar it. But, sif, I do now say that
it has been proyed before a Committee of this
House, and it is susceptible of proof again,
that his house in this City was garnished with
mirrors belonging to the United States Gov-
ernment; and that sOme of those mirrors were
lost and broken in the transportation to and
from his house,. I do say that; and I do say
now tjiai I hold in my haaa the document Which
would prove, as much as any presumptive or
circumstantial evidence could prove anything
to any unprejudiced jury, that the member
from Massachusetts is interested in the stone
quarry from which the granite is taken for the
construction of that Boston building. It is as
well understood in the City of Boston as any
other fact. The fact is notorious there, and
this quarry is universally called " Butler's
quarry."
What, sir, is the proof? -Here it is in my
hand. I will not stop here to reply to my col-
league on the committee, [Mr. Fitch,] who,
with the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.-
Twichell] on that committee, rfiade a minority
report. Six tnemhers of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, myself among
the number, found by the testimony in that
case that a man by the, name of French, a dis-
tiller, and fdrmef staff officer of the member
from Massachusetts, a man who could not get a
commission from Governor Andrews because
of his bad character, but was taken down to
New Orleans and used there by the member
frdm Massachusetts upOn his staff, when he
was gorging himself with plunder there—I have
the testimony of. this man here, each member
can read it for himself, that he came to Wash-
ington because his distillery had been seized
for violation of the lawand he went to con-
suit the member from Massachusetts, who is
usually consulted and retained in such cases.
The member from Massachusetts said to him,
as he happened to mention that he had some
spare money and asked advice how he could
invest it—the member from Massachusetts
advised him to buy a stone quarry. This hap-
pened just about .the very time that the first
appropriation of $200,000 was made to com-
mence, the construction of the building in Bos-
ton. This, distiller never owned a stone quarry
before. He knew nothing about the business;
he never was in the business in his life. He
went home, however, and purchased an old
abandoned Stone quiu'ry .which had Once been
opened, but was then filled with debris. He
purchased that abandoned stone quarry, and
immediately afterward, under the advice and
with the assistance of the member from Massa-
chusetts, procured this contract, although he
was the highest bidder. There were others,
long in the business, who made lower bids,
Which were rejected. He procured, with the
assistance of the member from Massachusetts,
a contract with the supervising architect of
fhe Treasury to furnish granite for the entire
building; and that, too, when we had a law
upon the statute-book making it a high misde-
meanor for any offieer of the Government to
Contract beyond the appropriation. It was
proved that the Cape Ann Granite Company
had never been formed at that time, yet a
contract was made with French, as with the
Cape Ann Granite Company. The only house
the member from Massachusetts has in that
district is within a stone's throw of this
quarry, which was purchased by this man
French under the circumstances I have men-
tioned. I hold in my hand extracts from a
speech published in the Boston Post, made by
the member from Massachusetts last summer
On the occasion of a pie-nic, or something of
that sort, at the Cape Ann quarry, where he
was by invitation of French, where he claims
credit for getting this thing done; that he
obtained this contract for French; that he
procured this money to be expended in his
district; that he himself had all this thing
done. Now, tell me that the member from
Massachusetts is not interested 1 But that is not
the only thing. I have more record to read
to the House of the doings of this member 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I move to close debate on
the pending paragraph and amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have some further
documents to read. There Was a suit in equity
in Washington about which I wish to read
something, the case of Whitney vs. Ames.
Mr, DAWES, I withdraw the motion, in
favor of my colleague from Ohio, [Mr. Law-
rence,] the member of the committee who has
charge of the bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I want to say a single
word with reference to a remark made by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,]
who said this appropriation was desired to su p-
ply the Treasury building with additional mir-
rors. The gentleman ought not to make such
a statement as that. He certainly would not
do so on reflection. The gentleman must
know that I have proposed no such thing.
This appropriation is not for furniture for the
Treasury building at all.
Ms. FARNSWORTH. I did not Mend to
say that, although perhaps I,may have stated
in the hurry ofthe argument that it was sought
to .supply a deficiency for mirrors.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I knew that the gentle-
man could not mean any such thing as that,
The appropriation comes under the head of
"Public Buildings, Treasury Department,"
which includes buildings all over the country
and has no reference to the Treasury building
in Washington at all. And I may state that
those mirrors were bought under the previous
Administration and were not paid for. They
were put into the garret of the Treasury build-
ing for the clerks, under Andy Johnson's
administration, to look into them and see
themselves as others saw them.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague is mistaken in
one statement. These mirrors have been paid
for by an appropriation made last session.
Mr. LAWRENCE. They ought not to have
been. I now move to close debate.
The question being taken on the motion to
close debate on the pending paragraph and
amendment, there were—ayes 65, noes 59,
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman arid
Mr. Lawrence were appointed.
The Hoase again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 71, noes 69.
So the motion to close debate was agreed t©j
