78
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 28,
Ho. oi? Reps.
National Education—-Mr. Bird.
41st Cong 3d Sess.
Doubtless every individual who is giving any
attention to the legislation of the House is
anxious to look at a matter of this kind, in-
volving so many appointments and such vast
expenditures, with the closest attention. In
order that this bill may be somewhat better
understood than I believe it now is, I will call
attention first to the power which it places in
the hands of the President. The last section
provides—
That this act shall take effect on the 1st day of
July, 1871.
And further, that—
Any State may, at its election, in lieu of the tax
provided for by this act, provide ail the children
within its borders, between the ages of six and eight-
een years, suitable instruction 111 reading, writing,
orthography, arithmetic, sreography, and the history
of theUnited States.
What enticing words! How beautifully gen-
eral they are ! They are addressed to all alike.
They say to all, "If you prefer to tax your-
selves and train your own children rather than
to allow the paternal hand of the General Gov-
ernment to interpose, you have our most gra-
cious consent."
Again I will read:
If any State shall, before said last-named day,
by a resolve of its Legislature, approved by the Gov-
ernor, engage to make such provision, and shall
notify the President of the United States thereof, all
future proceedings for appointing the officers pro-
vided for herein, or for the assessment or collection
of the aforesaid tax within said State, shall be sus-
pended for twelve months from said date.
Now, mark you how high and low, swift
and slow, the movement of this provision is.
To-day it is left with the Legislature of the
State and the Governor thereof, to-morrow
wiih the President of the United States. But
further, you will observe that it depends upon
the knowledge, upon the discretion, upon the
wisdom, of the Chief Magistrate, whether or no
the provisions suggested by the Slate Legisla-
ture shall be acquiesced in by the Government.
This power is left to the Chief Magistrate.
What more comprehensive, more complete,
subordination of all the rights that belong to
freemen than this to a single Chief Magistrate?
Where in Germany, or in France, or in Aus-
tria is to be found anything more conclusive
against the rights of the citizen or of the State?
The President is clothed with despotic power.
It. places the administration of all the common
"educational interests of the State in the grasp
of one man. He is to be the sole judge of the
method of teaching, of the character and qual-
ifications of teachers, and of the things taught.
But again:
If at the expiration of said twelve months itshall
be proved to the satisfaction of the President of
the United States that there is established in said
State a system of common schools which provides
reasonably lor all the children therein who dwell
where the population is sufficiently dense to enable
schools to be mainlaiiiedsuitable instruction in the
aforc.-aid branches, 110 further steps shall be taken
for the appointment of officers or tlio assessment of
the tax therein.
Consider this: "if at the expiration of said
twelve months it shall be proved to the satis-
faction of the President of the United States,"
&c. How proved? By whom? By what
authority? Who are the individuals to be
summoned to testify as to the sufficiency of
- what the State proposes to do ?
Here a practical difficulty occurs which no
amount of legislative wisdom can overcome or
circumvent. Nothing would satisfy the mind
of the Executive as to the intention of the
State Legislature but an inspection of the rec-
ord. Supposing the record to be complete,
there would b& endless controversy as to the
honest execution thereof, waxing warm and
factious as party necessity might dictate or
require. This consequence is indisputably
established by the history of reconstruction.
Indeed, sir, what better popular title could
this measure have than that of a "supple-
mental reconstruction act."
As before remarked, it is all left to the dis-
cretion of the Chief Magistrates. To-day a
Republican may be in power, to-morrow a
Democrat, and according as his political pro-
clivities may dictate he will be governed, in
order to establish and promote his own pecu-
liar views throughout the country. Beware of
politics in your schools.
But, Mr. Speaker, in looking at this bill in
detail, one thing arrests the attention of per-
sons interested, and that is the number of
officials that will be created by it. First, there
are to be State superintendents of national
schools, consisting of course of thirty-seven.
The second section provides—
That the State superintendent shall divide his
State into as many divisions of convenient sizeas
the number of Representatives in Congress to which
said State is entitled, which divisions sball be the
same as the districts into which said State shall be
divided for the choice of Representatives, unless for
special reasons it shall seem advisable otherwise to
.divide the State.
That makes two hundred and forty-two.
Then—
The Secretary of the Interior shall appoint for
each of said divisions adivision inspectorotnational
schools, who shall reside within said division, and
who shall hold bis ollice until removed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
Section three provides—
That said divisions shall be divided by the State
superintendent into school districts of convenient
size, having reference to the number of children
dwelling therein and their convenience in attending
school. The Secretary of the Interior shall appoint
some suitable person to be local superintendent of
national schools within each school district.
A local superintendent within each school
district; pretty much as it is now, one Gov-
ernment official to watch another. That will
make in all probably one hundred and fifty
thousand. There are to-day, according to the
report of the superintendent of schools for
the State of New York, seventeen thousand
teachers in that State, one for each district;
and in the State of Illinois there are nineteen
thousand, at least one for each district; mak-
ing, at a fair average, one hundred and fifty
thousand in all the States. It is fair, there-
fore, according to this estimate, to insist, that
the number of local superintendents in this
country, being one for each district, will not
be less than one hundred and fifty thousand.
The language of the bill is, a local superin-
tendent for each district.
I trust, Mr. Speaker, that gentlemen will
make an estimate of the increased number of
Federal officers necessarily created if this bili
becomes a law ; the State superintendents, the
local superintendents, division inspectors, and
school-teachers, all deriving their authority
from the Government of the United States, in
no sense identified with the people, and the
people having no choice in the selection of
them, being deprived even of the poor priv-
ilege of selecting the school trustees in their
respective districts or divisions. The whole
system of schools now working so happily and
successfully in the different States is to be over-
thrown, and there is to be established in lieu
thereofasortof " landvvehr," a German school
system, having its origin in the District of
Columbia, its center, its power, its very life-
giving principle proceeding from the President
of the United States, he dictating, as he would
to the Army, whom he would have for local
superintendents, division inspectors, as well
as school-teachers.
Sir, nothing more monstrous was ever pro-
jected, nothing more destructive to the hap-
piness and ^interests of the people was ever
contemplated ; and if this bill be sustained by
the Republican majority of this House it strikes
me that it will only be because their late recon-
struction measures, in many of their features
similar to this, have not accomplished what
they hoped and expected would be accom-
plished thereby, and this, as has been sug-
gested by one of their leaders, is that "new
departure" which will help thera to secure
that permanent power which has clearly been
foreshadowed in many of their legislative enact-
ments. Why, Mr. Speaker, it is promotive
of nothing but that system of funclionaryism
which we have lately heard eulogized and that
was established long ago in Europe. With
what a keen sense of his own personal inter-
ests and aggrandizement must the strong par-
tisan view the prospect of from three to six
thousand Federal officers scattered abroad in
each of the southern States, giving directions
to the people as to their duty and educating
them to vote for the party in power. If I am
uncharitable I hope to be pardoned, but I can-
not fail to see that the South will be overrun
by hordes of Government mercenaries, plun-
dering the Treasury, robbing the people, and
acting more as political missionaries than as
genuine instructors of the youth.
It seems to be in the contemplation of some
individuals that nothing can be accomplished
in this country that does not proceed from Con-
gress; as though we possessed all the virtue
and wisdom, and intelligence and statesman-
ship, of the country, and that the individuals
in the different States have no capacity what-
ever to devise those schemes of Government
which will work out for them their political
and social salvation.
This system will lead here to just precisely
what it has led to in Germany, and, if adopted
with all its concomitants, it will make us what
the Germans are, the worst-governed people,
as well as the most superintended, upon the
face of the earth. I desire in this connection,
upon this subject of Federal office-holders,
this system of creating officers and function-
aries, to read a remark of a respectable and
intelligent writer upon the operation of tiiis
system in Germany:
"They are the most superintended, the most inter-
fered with, the most destitute of civil freedom and
political rishts, in aword, the most enslaved people
in western Europe, andthemosteducated."
^ "The restrictions on civil liberty, the func-
tionary system created for and upheld by tho-<-
oppressive and useless restrictions on freedom of
action, on private life, on civil libertv, were a gi iev-
anee which political liberty, the forms of a free con-
stitution, had not redressed and never would rertrex.
as the representatives of the people in those mock-
parliaments were either functionaries themselve- or
under functionary influences."
Just so it would be here under the estab-
lishment. of this system. The President of
the United States would control every school-
teacher, as he now controls every assessor or
collector in this country.
It is claimed, Mr. Speaker, that the happi-
ness of the people and the welfare of the coun-
try^ require the establishment of this system.
This originates from the fact that there "is not
complete harmony throughout all the States
as to the best method of promoting education.
Nothing less might be said upon the subject of
agriculture. There is not complete harmony
throughout the States upon the subject of agri-
culture. It might be possible that the system
adopted in New York or in New Jersey might
work better in Massachusetts or in Pennsyl-
vania than the system they have there adopted.
It might be that the system of agriculture
which has accomplished so much for the rough
fields of Massachusetts would be better fin
New Jersey than the one we have adopted in
our State. And if this be the predominant
thought in the minds of others, they may, out
of this exuberance of generosity, endeavor to
enforce the same system upon all the people
of I his country; and with the same right,
mark you. Did not Washington love agricul-
ture.'1 Did not Jefferson do all he could to
promote agriculture? And have not all the
great men of this country believed that it wouid
be for the interest of the people if there were
systematic schools throughout the different
States, educating people upon the subject of
agriculture?
Mr, HOAIl, Will the gentleman  
