1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1513
The question being taken on Mr. Law-
kexce's amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
go back and offer an amendment to come in
at line twelve.
There was no objection.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Amend by inserting at the end of line twelve as
follows: " for miscellaneous item of the contingent
fund of the House, $10,000."
I desire to say in support of this amendment
that we have repeatedly made appropriations
for deficiencies in the miscellaneous item of
the contingent fund of the House. It is due
to the committee that the reason for this should
be stated. There have been paid out of that
fund since the commencement of this Congress
to contestants, who have been decided by this
House to have no right at all to a dollar of it,
the sum of $77,958 80; and we have also paid
$26,416 05 for witnesses in these cases—a total
of $104,374 85. I understand there are two
more behind, to each of whom will probably
be accorded, under what may be called the
common law of this House, $5,000, which
will make $10,000. These expenses have
exhausted time and again the contingent fund
of this House, and this is the reason why
repeatedly, on three different occasions, we
have been obliged to supply by deficiencies
that fund, to pay men who we have decided
one minute have no right to one dollar, and
to whom the,next minute we have voted to pay
from three to five thousand dollars, making an
aggregate paid to contestants of $77,853 80,
as appears from the following list:
Clerk's Office's
House of Representatives,
Washington, D. 0., February 1,1871.
Statement of amounts paid to contestants and claim-
ants by order of the House of Representatives
during the Forty-First Congress:
J. Willis Menard 
CalebS. Hunt 
J.H.Christy  1.500 W
J. A. Wimpey  fsmm
J.H.Burch  1.500 00
J. D. Young 
J.Moffet  Wzfn
Dorsey B. Thomas  l.jWSjW
J. H. Sypher  4.JJ00 00
Louis St. Martin ■•••• 4.000 00
Michael Ryan  g.500 00
Sidney M. Barnes  5,000 00
JohnS.Reid  £500 00
Henry D.Foster  3.«>00 00
(*. W. MeCraine    g.™0 00
Joseph Segar  ^'000 00
C.S.Hunt..  2,00000
George Tucker    2,000 00
Charles W hittlesey  1.500 00
IJ.F. Grafton  1-500 00
Frank Morey  000 00
W. F. Switzler -  5,000 00
Adolph Bailey  4,000 00
JohnL. Zeigler  f000 00
William D. Simpson   1,50000
J. P. Reed, February®. 18(1 $?•??,?,
C. A. Sheafe, February 14,1871;..  4,500
JamesSbields, February21,1871  5,000
66,158 80
11,500 00
Total    77,958 80
Total amount paid for expenses of invest- .1r
igation in election cases  ^b,4io oo
Total   
Correct:
CLINTON LLOYD,
Chief Clerk.
The question being taken on Mr. Dawes s
amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. BECK. I also desire to go back to offer
the following amendment:
After the word "dollars," ini line nineteen .insert
the following: " and to John J. McLlhone, William
Hincks, William Blair Lord, D. Wolfe Brown, The-
odore F. Andrews, and William Henry rcjKn
ers tor the Congressional (xlobe during the first ses-
sion of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, $< 00 oaoh.
Mr, BENJAMIN. I object to going back.
Mr. BECK. It is too late to object; The
House has consented to go back.
Mr. KELSEY. No leave was asked.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Ccli.om
in the chair.) Unless by previous consent the
gentleman was allowed to go back the Chair
will be compelled to rule the amendment out
of order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. With all deference to
the Chair, I think the gentleman never asked
consent to go back.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has decided that, unless by a previous arrange-
ment the gentleman had leave to go back and
offer this amendment, it is not in order.
Mr. BECK. I supposed that the leave to go
back asked by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] embraced all such amend-
ments as members of the Committee on Ap-
propriations had to offer. This amendment
was agreed to by the committee, but.before the
gentleman who has charge of the bill came in
this morning this part of the bill had been
passed, so that it could not be offered at the
proper time.
Mr. MYERS. I hope unanimous consent
will be given.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin,] under the circum-
stances, will withdraw his objection.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
inclined to admit the amendment on the sug-
gestion that it was understood by the members
of the committee that the gentleman would
have leave to offer it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to
the amendment being offered, provided at that
session of Congress extra compensation was
not given. , _
Mr. BECK. It was not. I can explain it
to the gentlemen.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will admit the amendment as in order.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BEGK. I now move to amend the
paragraph so as to make the aggregate amount
of the appropriation correspond with the
amendment just adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
treasury department.
Miscellaneous:
For compensation of six watchmen ana five labor-
ers, §7,920.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to amend that
paragraph by striking Out the word "six," in
line sixty-five, and inserting "twelveand by
striking out "five" and inserting "ten ;" and
by striking out in line sixty-six "$7,920" and
inserting •'$15,840?" so that it will read, "for
compensation of twelve watchmen and ten
laborers, $15,840."
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Iwouldlike
to inquire the necessity of that amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. In Executive Docu-
nftnt No. 17 there is an estimate for these
watchmen and laborers. When the^ subject
was first considered by the Committee on
Appropriations we cut down the number one
half, but on consultation with the Secretary
of the Treasury and other officers of the
Treasury Department, it was found indispens-
ably necessary that all these watchmen and
laborers should be employed. Tt is impos-
sible sufficiently to guard the large Treasury
building without this force.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Have they
been employed heretofore?
Mr. LAWRENCE. They have been em-
ployed heretofore, and are provided for in the
regular appropriation bill for the next fiscal
year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I move to add to
that paragraph the following:
Provided. That the pay of fireman in the Treasury
"building shall be the same as that paid to watchmen
and laborers. •
Mr. LAWRENCE. That is not in order.
It is new legislation.
Mr. DAWES. The pay of all laborers,
whether firemen or other laborers, is fixed
by law. _ .
The SPEAKER pro tempore, lhe Chair
rules the amendment out of order.
The Glerk read as follows:
For wages of workmen and adjusters in the branch
of the United States mint at San Francisco, Califor-
nia, $28,000.
Mr. JUDD. I move to add to that para-
graph the following:
To pay, under the direction of the proper officers,
the teamsters, laborers, and others for work done in
the construction of the marine hospital, Chicago,
prior to the suspension of the work thereon under
the restriction of the civil service act, approved 15th
July. 1870, the sum of 810,000, or so much thereof as
may be necessary for that purpose.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
strike out the words "civil service."
Mr. JUDD. Very well; I have no objection
to that.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I make the point of
order that that amendment is not germane.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
rules that the amendment is in order.
Mr. JUDD. The House will recollect that
at the last session the appropriation for con-
tinuing the work on the marine hospital was
restricted so as not to be used unless a con-
tract should be made for the entire completion
of the building within a certain period. That
contract has not been made, and cannot be
made. The architect decides that the little
balances owed for teaming, and things of that
kind, that were not paid prior to that date, can-
not be paid out of that appropriation. I know
that some small balance, perhaps two or three
thousand dollars—I have named $10,000, so
as to cover all—is due for work done prior to
this order of Congress upon this subject. I
know one instance of a teamster who has a
bill of $700 for drawing stone, and when he
presented it the Department replied_ that they
could not use any of the appropriation for
that purpose, under the restriction which was
placed upon it. I hope the amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. LAWRENCE. There is no estimate
from any Department for this item ; and it is
very unsafe to put in an appropriation of this
description unless there be something from
some of the Departments to show its necessity.
Now; I do not know wkat may have been done
in the Department, and I do not know any-
thing about the justice of this claim. _ But I
do think it is unsafe to put in appropriations
of this character, unless they have been first
submitted to the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury Department, so that we may have
the necessary information to enable us to judge
whether they are proper or not.
Mr. JUDD. The answer to the objection
of the gentlemen is in the amendment itself. It
starts out with the proposition that the money
shall be paid under the direction of th§ proper
accounting officers; so that that answers all of
his objections. It does not appropriate any
money to any individual by name, or other-
wise, but directs the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury Department to pay such
bills as were unpaid previous to a particular
date. If there is nothing due, of course the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury will
not disburse this money ; if there is anything
due, there is no reason why an estimate should
come down here from the Department to pay
a teamster's bill incurred more than eighteen
months ago.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For facilitating communication between the Atlan-
tic and Pacific States by electric telegraph, $40,UUJ.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I move to
strike out the paragraph just read fbr the pur-
pose of asking the gentleman is charge of this
bill [Mr. Lawrence] how this item comes
kere y
Mr. LAWRENCE. An act of Congress
was passed some years ago authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay $40,000 a
year for a series of years—for ten years L
think—-to any compaii}' that would construct
a line of telegraph from the Missouri river to
the Pacific ocean. A written contract was
