187 J.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
occasion to urge such a measure three years
ago in this body. But, sir, this bill is a very
important one and ought to be well matured.
There are some very grave questions presented
by the House bill that I am sure ought to be
considered by the Senate without the embar-
rassment of the report of a committee of con-
ference.
The argument, that if this measure should
come before the Senate and be amended ma-
terially it would not again get through the
House, I do not consider a good one. An im-
portant measure of this kind ought to be able
to secure the approbation of both Houses after
it has been fully matured, and I am therefore
in favor of its reference to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, we are about
to create a new Territory, with this peculiar-
ity, that it is a Territory which can never be-
come a State. Under these circumstances I
think the Senate may well hesitate in determ-
ining the conditions of the new government.
For myself I am led to hesitate, especially
■when I see that the people to whom suffrage
has recently been given in this District will
have so limited an opportunity for its exercise
as this bill will allow them. We have given it
to them, and it seems to me by this bill we
are about to resume it, at least in part. On
that ground, sir, I hesitate seriously to allow
this bill to take any course which will prevent
the Senate from giving its deliberate judgment
to that question of the suffrage.
I confess my interest also in the common
schools. My desire is to see a system of com-
mon schools in this District which will be
under the protection of fundamental law,
where equal rights shall prevail, where the
child shall be equal before the law as the man
is equal before the law at the ballot-box and
in the horse-cars.
Now, sir, for the sake of this last question,
I should regret to see this bill pass into the
hands of a committee of conference, which
would prevent the Senate from exercising its
judgment. I think, therefore, that the motion
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia ought to prevail; and
I am encouraged in sustaining it when I think
that the bill will pass into the hands of my ex-
cellent friend, the chairman of that committee,
who now moves the committee of conference.
I think that with his care and dispatch the bill
can be proceeded with in committee, reported
back to the Senate, and put on its passage,
certainly with a reasonable chance of success;
at any rate, we shall obtain that first thing,
the opportunity of giving proper attention to
the important questions involved.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am entirely friendly
to the passage of a bill creating a territorial
government for this District. I think it is mani-
fest to everybody that such a bill ought to be
passed. Bat I never will vote for a bill which
gives the President of the United States the
appointing power of one branch of the Legis-
lature for this District. I never will counte-
nance in any way, by any act, or vote, or voice
of mine, any departure from the republican
principles upon which our Government rests:
and that certainly would be a very grave and
serious departure. I think, also, that this
hill ought to be considered in the Senate, it
ought to go to the Committee on the District
of Columbia. In its present form it has been
so completely changed from the bill which
went from the Senate, that it seems to me it
ought, to be fully considered both by the com-
mittee and in the Senate before it passes into
the hands of a committee of conference; and
1 .shall therefore vote for its reference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think that the
provision of this bill to which the Senator
tiom Wisconsin refers is any departure from
republican principles, if the Constitution of
the United States is republican in its princi-
ples, because that Constitution provided that
the people residing on this little section of land
devoted to the whole nation should not have
any republican representation at all. It is sup-
posed to be the common meeting ground for
all comers and all citizens, and not to engage
in local self-government oil the republican
principle at all. That is the theory of the Dis-
trict of Columbia under the Constitution ; and
I am bound to say to my friend from Wiscon-
sin that the Constitution is republican enough
for me—with the late amendments, I will add.
There is, then, no republican difficulty
about this matter. But there is a practical
question connected with it which makes the
bill more satisfactory to me with this provis-
ion than it would be without it; and it is illus-
trated by this suggestion: there are a great
many reforms in the administration of this
city government, relating to nuisances and
the convenience of the people who are obliged
to live here more or less time during the
year, that no body of representatives who are
elected by the people are likely to produce.
Take, for instance, the infinite, abominable
nuisance of cows, and horses, and sheep, and
goats, running through all the streets of this
city, and wherever we appropriate money to
set up a shade-tree there comes along a cow,
or a horse, or a goat, and tears it down the
next day, and then we appropriate again.
There are not to-day two trees in a hundred
in this city, which ought to be the most beau-
tiful and the most highly ornamented in the
country, which do not show the marks of ill-
treatment by horned animals, or by pigs, or
by some animals that are running at large.
The other day, I understand—and 1 only
speak of this by way of illustration, and not
to complain of anybody—the board of health
undertook to abolish that kind of nuisance by
declaring that animals of that kind running at
large, spoiling the streets and trees, should be
kept out; and the next night the board of
aldermen and common council abolished the
board of health for having interfered. And the
waggish story on the streets was—of course it
had no foundation in fact—that the board of
health bad abolished the voters and the coun-
cils could not stand it. It was interfering with
republican government, as my friend from
Wisconsin describes it. [Laughter.]
That illustrates the necessity of having in
this new cit.y government, or in some form of
city government, a law which shall protect the
national representatives and national citizens
who come here to attend to business from
being obliged to share the sidewalks and shade-
trees with animals that ought to be kept in-
closed.
Now, then, I am perfectly willing and de-
sirous, on reflection, that this bill should be
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, because I see so many gentlemen
who are on that committee, like the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts and others, who
take an interest in it and who think it had
better go there; and I hope we shallget through
with it now. But I beg the Senate to under-
stand that this bill is really for the promotion
of national comfort and national progress, as
well as for the mere government of the people
who live all the time m this town.
One of the best arguments that can be brought
forward by and bye by our western friends for
a real effort to remove this capital will be the
fact that it is naturally impossible to have here
a decent city, with decent ornamentation and
comforts, paid for by the public expense, at the
same lime that all the hogs and cattle and
sheep and other nuisances that, can be gathered
togetherfrom Maryland and Virgmiaareturned
freely loose among them. That will be one
very good argument; and I confess I shall be
inclined to vote for the removal if we cannot
occupy the city without the intervention of
these animals : for they are a nuisance and a
great public expense, because they necessarily
spoil and destroy everything in the city.
Mr. CONKLING. You want to choose your
society, in other words. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. As far as I have the right
to do it. But I am entirely willing, for one,
feeling some personal interest in this bill, that
the Committee on the District of Columbia
shall take it, go through with it, correct it
as they think it ought to be, and report it
speedily, as I have no doubt they will, for
our action.
Mr. CARPENTER. It seems to me that
the Senator from Vermont is getting exceed-
ingly fastidious on this subject.
Mr. CONKLING. About his company.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CARPENTER. About his company,
the Senator from New York suggests. If this
city is to be run entirely to promote the con-
venience and gratify the tastes of the members
of Congress, then Congress should devote time
enough to it to legislate for it, and have no
territorial government whatever. If, however,
we are to consult the interests of the people,
if that is to be the object which is to induce
us to establish a territorial government here,
then I believe that the people of this District
are entirely capable of governing themselves.
If I thought they were not I would not submit
to them the right to vote for either branch of
their Legislature. If they are entirely capable
of governing themselves, why should they not
elect both branches of their Legislature, as
much as the people of any other Territory?
The Senator says that the Constitution has
denied to the people of this District all parti-
cipation in republican government. I am
not questioning the constitutionality of this
bill; I am not saying whether it is or is not
constitutional; but where we are establishing
a government for this people I do not see any
reason for departing from republican princi-
ples where there is no earthly necessity for
doing so ; and I cannot believe that the tastes
of members of Congress are so much superior
to the average tastes of the people of this Dis-
trict- that the people, if left to govern them-
selves, will not make a city here that members
of Congress can live in. At all events, it is
entirely voluntary on our part whether wo
come here or not.
Mr. STEWART. The suggestion that it is
a violation of republican principles, or of the
original intention of the Constitution, for Con-
gress either to govern this 'city directly, or
to govern it through a commission, or govern
it through a board, or govern it through a
territorial organization, it seems to me is too
absurd to merit consideration.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask liini a question? Is not a fair infer-
ence from that statement this : that, as far as
Congress has the power under the Constitu-
tion, it will prevent republican government?
Mr. STEWART. There is no inference
about it at all. It is expressly provided that
Congress shall have jurisdiction to govern
this District, and not that the people shall be
represented on the republican principle.
But, it is said that since we have extended
suffrage in this District to a certain class there-
fore we should continue the present form of
government, notwithstanding it may not be for
the benefit of the city, notwithstanding it may
not be for the convenience of Congress, not-
withstanding it may not be for the general
good, for the purpose of illustrating a prin-
ciple. That might have done a few years ago;
but since we have extended the same right to
people in the States by a constitutional amend-
ment, and a bill to enforce it, those reasons
fail. We have done the same thing through-
out the United States. The only question
is, what will be for the best government of
the citv ?
I have yet to see the beauties of republican
government in large cities or in small cities
in electing municipal officers. _ If there is any-
thing upon which our republican institutions
