1871.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79:
41st Coxg....3d Sess.
National Education—Mr. Bird.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. BIRD. My time is now very limited.
• Mr. HOAR. I merely wished to call the
attention of the gentleman to one fact of.
■which ho does not seetn to be aware. It will
take me two or three minutes, and I will do
so now or when he has concluded his remarks,
whichever he prefers.
Mr. BIRD. I would prefer to first conclude
my remarks.
The same thing might be remarked of the
mechanical arts. All will observe that one
system is better than another; that the greatest
geniuses having devoted their attention to this
subject would be enabled to accomplish more
by virtue of their talents than those who do
not possess such talents. Hence why should
we not adopt the scheme which shall promote
the mechanic arts throughout the country and
enforce it by legislation?
Let us, therefore, have a bureau of agricul-
ture, with all its appliances, extending down
through the various States, controlling every-
movement in agriculture as well as the forma-
tion of agricultural societies and exhibitions,
SO that everything may be in harmony with this
great national plan. And why not a bureau
for the instruction of the people in the mechanic
arts? Some of the States are making slow
progress in agriculture and mechanic arts,
which, according to modern notions, renders
it doubtful if they have a republican form of
government.
Mr. Speaker, is not the criminal jurispru-
dence of this country disjointed, irregular, and
inefficient? And since Congress has engaged
in this work of benevolence, will we not be
required to inaugurate a work of reformation,
which shall not only make the detection and
punishment of criminals certain, but which in
theinfiiction ofpunishmentshall most perfectly
ameliorate their condition and transform then-
character? May we not well ask in this con-
nection, if some of the State governments are
truly republican in form ? I can scarcely doubt
but that the ingenuity of some individual will
soon discover the creation of a bureau of crim-
inal justice to be an inevitable necessity.
And more than this, and that which seems
to be more intimately connected with the sub-
ject, because of a moral nature, do we not
need a buieau of religion? And how can we
escape the conclusion that some legislation
devolves upon us in regard to this great ques-
tion, moving the masses and multitudes ot the
people of this country, as this question now
docs, if we adopt the principle suggested in
this bill? Will we not then find it absolutely
expedient to have a conscience-keeper, direct-
ing us in those things which will enable us
to work out our salvation with fear and trem-
bling?
Before leaving this question of the creation
of officers and their immense number, I desire
to remark that what is fatal to this bill, and
must condemn it in the mind of every thought-
ful individual, is the fact that it takes the sys-
tem of education entirely away from the peo-
ple. The people cease to have any interest in
this subject whatsoever if this bill becomes a
law. " We will have none of your services"
is the language which the bill addresses to the
people ; " we will choose those who will direct
this affair for you."
Nothing is more fatal to any question per-
taining to the welfare and happiness of the
masses than this idea. Our people can only
improve in morals, in politics, in education,
and religion as they themselves are directly
interested and made to feel that besides a duty
Ihey have an interest at stake; and thus in
the discharge of the one they will be prompted
by the other. But if yon attempt to raise these
millions of raoney through the agency of the
General Government, and to dictate and ma-
nipulate the appointment, of officers for the
people, they will relapse into degradation, into
a corruption which will be fatal not only to
the interests of this people but to American
liberty. The revolution thereby wrought will
be most complete. It will be in open and
direct hostility to every thought, feeling, and
action of the citizen.
But some exclaim, "Something ought to be
done. You do not propose to allow the thou-
sands or millions in the South to continue in
servile sloth, ignorance, and dependence." I
certainly think something ought to be done.
I hope to see the day when the great majority,
if not all, throughout the South shall enjoy the
benefits of a good common-school education.
But the greater question now is, who shall edu-
cate them ? Sjjall Congress undertake this
work through the President, or shall it be left
to the different States to inaugurate and carry
forward the work ? The States are most inter-
ested, in my judgment, and will, sooner or later,
so understand it. Coming to understand this
work of education in its true light, they will
readily project plans of improvement that will
prove permanent. Every circumstance in the
lives of nations admonishes them to do this.
Their internal" peace, happiness, and prosper-
ity depend upon it. To presume that they do
not see and comprehend these questions as
readily as we smacks too much of egotism
and is altogether too uncharitable.
To be efficient, the work of education must
be domestic, free, self imposed ; not foreign,
forced, or compulsory. All are voters in the
South. The voice of the majority will be
heard, and will much sooner be felt in most
gratifying progress, if not interfered with,
than otherwise. The respective States South
might perhaps do more than they are doing.
But how much more ? Are tliey not in a most
helpless and prostrated condition ? Could
large sums of money be collected there for the
purpose of education or any other purpose
without further impoverishing the people?
Look at the returns made by your internal rev-
enue collectors and you have a fact that answers
all your appeals or declarations. When the
southern States become, able they will not be,
because they cannot afford it, far behind the
northern.
This brings me to the point of expediency.
How can the General Government control
this question throughout, our vast territory?
The necessary impracticability of this was, I
apprehend, perceived by the gentleman who
drafted this bill when he inserted this pro-
vision :
AVhenever, in the opinion of the State superin-
tendent,anyportion of the territory embraced within
any division is so sparsely settled that it is imprac-
ticable to establish permanent schools therein, such
portion of territory need not be included m any
school district.
Does the gentleman propose to go only into
the cities and the great thoroughfares? Who
asks him for such benevolence? What charity
is there in that? Are the foundlings, the off-
casts, the neglected, to be excluded from the
operation of this measure? It would so appear.
IIow different is this from the provisions of our
State laws on the subject of education. They
extend wherever an inhabitant is found. The
adventurer cannot penetrate the most desolate
and mountainous portion of our territory but
that the school laws of the different States find
him out and embrace him within their provis-
ions. This alone is sufficient to condemn the
idea which has suggested this bill. Until I
came to this provision, the grasp at power,
the boldness of the usurpation, were somewhat
relieved by the cloak of benevolence which was
cast over all; but by this provision the bill is
shorn of every charitable and humane adorn-
ment, and reveals the cold, callous calculations
of a despetate and disappointed reconstruc-
tionist.
It has been intimated that this measure is
intended to extend to the southern portions
of the country; that here in the North, where
we have so much wealth, so much capital, and
so much interest in this subject, we need
nothing,further at the hands of the General
Government. But the very provision to
which I have just referred defeats the object
of the bill, if it be intended to be extended to
the people of the southern States only. Be-
sides the prevalence of desolation, suffering,
and indigence, are not large portions of that
people scattered sparsely over extensive tracts
of territory? And yet all these are to be
placcd at the mercy of the superintendent.
This is not leaving the ninety and nine and
going in search of the lost, one. But, observe,
the wanderers, these scattered ones who are
carrying forward the banner of our civilization,
who are adding to our wealth by cultivating
and improving the neglected portions, are not
exempted from the tax-gatherer. By this law
he is deprived of the schoolmaster, but is
obliged to welcome the assessor and collector.
There is another point which must arrest
the attention of the careful inquirer, and that
is the enormous expense that will necessarily
attend the enforcement of this bill. The State
superintendents are to be compensated at the
rate of $3,000 per annum. There being thirty-
seven of these officers, their aggregate pay
will amount to $111,000. The State superin-
tendents are to divide their States into dis-
tricts, over which arc to be appointed division
inspectors, each receiving a salary of $2,000 a
year, making for these officers, an aggregate of
$48-1,000. The local superintendents, whose
pay is to be two dollars per diem for the time
actually employed by them in the discharge of
their duties, will in all probability require for
their payment a much larger sum ot' money
than all the rest combined. The amount, can
be'easily estimated by any individual who can
determine the number of days that these loc.d
superintendents are likely to be employed.
Those who are familiar with the manipulations
and the duties and the way in which duties are
performed by Government officials, and the
time they consume in the performance of llmm
duties, will readily ascertain the expense of
that provision of the bill to the country. lie
will doubtless manage to be employed about
his master's business two hundred days iu the
year, entitling him to $-100.
The fourth section provides that the Siaie
superintendents shall direct and control all
questions respecting the regulation and re-
strictions for the discipline of the schools.
The fifth section provides for the purchase of
sites for school-houses. This is a remarkable
provision. It is left entirely within the con-
trol of the local superintendent to accomplish
this great work. What au opportunity for
speculation! In every district great numbers
will be ready and willing to play into the hands
of the superintendent, and the superintendent
to accommodate them in turn, in order to ob-
tain high prices for sites for school-houses.
And what an opportunity for peculation and
thrift in the building of these school-houses!
The people have no interest in this. They are
deprived of every opportunity to inspect, to
superintend, or direct. It is all left to this
great functionary system created and estab-
lished by this bill here in the city of Washing-
ton. And if these officers cannot agree with
the owners of the land selected for sites, they
are then to proceed to the district courts, and
there, by virtue of this bill, have the property
condemned without any reference to the ques-
tion who pays the expense, without any refui-
ence whatever to the advantages which are t< 
accrue to individuals in the particular districts
who are to be affected thereby.
The sixth section provides that
The school books to be used in ail the national
,, whools shall bo such as .are prescribed by he s.ml
i superintendent, under the direction of the Commis-
<! sioner of-Education,
