688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
will be finally wrecked, if there is any growing
evil which threatens the permanency of our
institutions, it is the corruption of local legis-
lation in cities, it is the jobbery in the local
legislation of cities. There is hardly a city in
th'e_ Union where there is not constant com-
plaint. The republican principle operates
without any difficulty in the rural districts. It
operates in choosing representatives to the
Legislature and to Congress well enough in
cities/ But when you commence to elect police-
men and the local magistrates by the people,
and to elect the boards that have control of
the s'reets and the taxation of property and
the letting of contracts, we find that it corrupts
the ballot-box in every large city.
The difficulty about the government of New
York city, Iapprehend, comes from contracts:
from the money that is bandied by the locai
officers who are elected directly by the people.
They go in to make a job of everything. One
difficulty here in managing this ci(y is because
a few people want their hogs and sheep and
cows 'and horses to run in the streets and
they do more damage every six months, per-
haps every month, (han tliey are worth. T
say that is one of the difficulties. Another
difficulty ^rovvs out of the jobs on the streets.
When this city was placed specialty under
Congress 1 do not see why for the sake of
illustrating any particular policy we should
yield to the republican principle in those par-
ticulars where we know it has been a failure.
Ifthe republican principle has ever foiled, it
is in large cities in consequence of jobs.
Mr. PATTERSON. I had notthe most dis-
tant idea that we should have a discussion of the
merits or demerits of republicanism, or hogs
or sheep or cows this morning, when I moved
to have this bill referred to a committee of
conference. I suppose, if we go into a full
discussion now of the merits of this bill, we
.shall have to repeat that discussion when the
bill itself comes up. 1 hope, therefore, gentle-
men will let us come to a vote and decide this
question one way or the other. Where shall
the hill go? Shall it go to the Committee on
the District ot Columbia, orto aeommittee of
CMilorenoe? My only choice springs from the
in my belief, that if it goes to the Com-
mittee on the District, of Columbia it will not
become a law this session. Ifitgoesto aeom-
mittee of conference 1 hope it may. That is
the only_ reason why I wish to have it sent to
a committee of conference.
TheVlCE PRESIDENT. The motion which
has priority is the motion of the Senator
from Kansas, to refer the bill and the pending
amendment of the House of Representatives
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The; question being put, there were, on a
division—ayps 22, noes 2;!.
Mr. SUMNER called forthe yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and beingtaken, result-
ed—yens 2"), nays 32 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Carpenter, Colo, Cragin,
1'ciit.on, Flanagan, Harlan, flowanU Howe, Uowell,
Kcilogcc, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Poiu-
©roy, Pratt, Revels, Scott. Spencer. Stearns, Sum-
BC£vWilley, Wilson, and Yates—2o.
NAYfcr-Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, iJrownlowr, Buckingham, Cneserly. Conkling,
Corbett, Ldmunds, Hamilton of Maryland. Hamlin,
Harris, Johnston, HcUreery, McDonald, Nye, Pat-
terson, Pool, Ramsey. Robertson, Sawyer. Schurz,
Sherman, Snraguo, Stewart, Stockton, Thnrman,
lll?^ ivnVl(^ors' Warner, and Williams—32.
ALSJiNT — Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler,
Davis, lerry, lowier, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Jewett, Momli of Maine. Osborn, Rice. Ross. Sauls-
bury, and Thayer—-lo.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Senate resumes the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 298) to relieve
members of Congress from importunity and
preserve the independence of the departments
of the Government, on which the Senator from
New Hampshire is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDM [TNDS. Let us finish this matter.
Mr. PATTERSON. T would be glad to
have the vote taken on this motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to that course. The question
.recurs, then, on the motion of the Senator from
New Hampshire, that the Senate disagree to
the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives to the District territorial government bill
and ask for a committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed t.o.
The VICE PRESIDENT. IIow shall the
committee be appointed ?
Several Senators. Bv the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no objection
be made that course will be pursued ; and the
Chair appoints Mr. Patterson, Mr. H.omx,
and Mr. Tiiohmax the committee of conference
on the part of the Senate.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN. Willthe Senator from New
New Hampshire yield to me to make a report?
Mr. PATTERSON. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire yields to the Senator
from Ohio, pending which the Chair desires
to present the credentials of the Senator-elect
from Missouri, received by the Chair yester-
day afternoon from the Governor of Missouri.
He presents them, as the Senator-elect is
expected this afternoon.
The Secretary read the credentials of Francis
P. Blair, chosen by the Legislature of the State
of Missouri a Senator from that State to fill
the vacancy occasioned by the resignation of
Hon. Charles D. Drake.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The credentials
will be laid on the table for the present.
tmuff law.
Mr. SHERMAN. T am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (II. R. No. 400) declaratory of
the meaning of the twenty sixth section of an
act entitled " An act to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes," approved July 14,
1870, to report it back with sundry amend-
ments ofa minor character. As this is a declar-
atory act affecting a law which has just taken'
effect, I am directed to ask the immediate
consideration of it by the Senate. The whole
matter will be shown on the face of the reso-
lution ; and I thud; it will not lead to discus-
sion.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution.
The amendments of the Committee on
Finance were in line four, after the word
"on," to insert the words "or before;" in
line five to strike out the word "was;" in
line six to strike out tho words "on that day;"
and at the end of the resolution to insert the
folio vving:
And be it further repolved, That tho said act is
hereby further amended by insBrtinar the word
" herein." inthetwenty-firsrscetion thereof, between
the words "otherwise" and "provided," wherever
the said words occur together in the said seotioa j
and this amendment sliafi tako effect from and after
January 1,1871.
So that, if amended, the joint resolution will
read :
That all foreign merchandise which arrived at a
poit of the United States on or before the 31st day of
December, 1870, and not entered or transferred to a
public store or bonded warehouse, shall be entitled
to tho beneiits of the twenty-sixth section of an act
entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes," approved July 14. 1870, the same
as such merchandise would have been entitled to
had it actually been in public store or bonded ware-
house on or prior to the 31st day of Deeembor, 1870:
Provided, That the owner of such merchandise shall,
within thirty days from the passage of this resolu-
tion, make application therefor in writing to the
collector of the port at which such merchandise
arrived.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I would hope that
the Senator from Ohio could get along without
moving an amendment to the resolution which
passed the House. I hope the great object
will be accomplished without amending the
resolution as it came from the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to my friend
from Connecticut, who I know desires the
passage of the House resolution, that these
amendments have been made in cooperation
and after consultation with the appropriate
committee of the House and are recommended
to be attached to this resolution in order to
remove ambiguities in the law which ought to
be at once removed. I will state to the Sen-
ator tha,t this will not delay the passage of the
matter in the House. I am so informed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Then I have no ob-
jection.
The amendments were agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ments be engrossed and the joint resolution
read a third time. The joint resolution was
read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to read " A joint
resolution declaratory of the meaning of an
act entitled 'An act to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes,' approved July 14,
1870."
l'BTITIONS AND .MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire allow me to make a report?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Chair will call over the routine
morning business. ["Agreed."]
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Har-
low J. Phelps & Co., praying to be reimbursed
the amount of a tax on cotton collected from
them under protest by a Government agent at,
New Orleans in 1865; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY. I present a memorial
from several citizens of the District of Colum-
bia, in favor of impartial suffrage and asking
to have that right secured in the bill regulat-
ing the government of the District. Tho bill
having gone to a committee of conference, I
move that the memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
Scotten, Lovett & Co., and others, manufac-
turers and dealers in tobacco, snuff, and cigars,
praying Congress to relieve the great industry
they are connected with from the repetition
of the tax on sales, as set forth in a resolu-
tion adopted by the National Tobacco Associa-
tion, " that manufactured tobacco, snuff, and
cigars, having paid the internal revenue tax
as manufactured goods, ought, including leaf
tobacco, to be treated as general merchandise,
and not to be subject to a tax on sales' which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of James
Coon, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POOL presented the petitionsof Reuben
Watts and William D. Marshall, of Ale xauder
county, North Carolina, and of Dr. 13. Warren,
of Baltimore, Maryland, praying the removal
of their political disabilities; which were in-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petitions
of F. Voigt, Nacogdoches county, Texas, and
of Henry L. Rankin, of Austin county, Texas,
praying the removal of their political disabil-
ities; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of James
Fuqua, jr., of Richmond. Virginia, prayin'j
the removal of his political disabilities ; which
was referred to the select Committee on tho
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HARRlSpresented the petition of Chris-
topher C. Duke, of Catahoula parish, Louis-
iana, praying for the removal of his political '
disabilities; which was referred lo the s^eet
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of Jl.
R. Heath, of Memphis, Tennessee, praying
