1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1515
of foreign claims commissions between the United
States and other countries, to be expended under the
direction of theSceretary of State, 83,000.
I have only to say this. We shall shortly
have here a high commission with the king-
dom of Great Britain, and we will have occa-
sion to refer to a great many precedents and
decisions made by commissions between the
United States and other countries, commenc-
ing with the Florida and Spanish commissions,
coming down to the present commission with
Mexico.
I know from some personal experience and
observation that it is utterly impossible for
any attorney, that it is impossible fortbe Uni-
ted States attorney, for any one who is charged
with attending to the interests of our country
on these commissions, to understand what
has been decided by the British mixed claims
commission or the Mexican commission or
any of the commissions heretofore held on
matters in dispute between this country and
other countries, unless we have a collation of
those decisions. The only publication of the
kind which has been made is that of the British
mixed claims commission, which was held in
London during the administration, I think, of
Mr. Fillmore. That is a small volume, a mere
analysis of decisions. And all I propose here
would be that in one volume such as some
discreet, good clerk might make himself for
§3,000 in one year or less, we should go over
those immense piles of manuscript in the State
Department and make an analysis or colla-
tion of them, with a view to future use and
for the benefit of those who have the claims
in charge.
I know that in connection with the two
Mexican commissions alone there are papers
which if piled up'would reach a height as tall,
I will not say as myself, but as tall as the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Fakxsworth.] It
would be impossible, for any one to go through
that pile of papers for the purpose of utilizing
them in the commission to be held here.
Sir. SARGENT.. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question. Can the printing of this mass
of papers be done for $3,000?
Mr. COX. I do not propose to print this
mass of papers, but to collate the authorities,
the precedents, the decisions, and to give a
short, synopsis of each case, as is done in the
publication by the British Government in refer-
ence to the mixed claims commission.
Mr. SARGENT. The appropriation, then,
which the gentleman desires is for that pur-
pose, and not for printing.
" Mr. COX. It is for making the collation,
so that the whole may be comprised within a
small volume; and 1 propose, if the gentle-
man will vote for it, to limit the expense to
§3,000. ^
Mr. SARGENT.' I would like to ask the
gentleman another question. W hat check will
there be on the clerk or on any one else who
makes the collation that in making up the
cases he will give a fair review?
Mr. COX. The only check will be that the
work will be done under the direction of the
Secretary of State. The parly who makes the
collation will understand that there is not to
be a repetition of decisions, but that there is
to be merely a synopsis of decisions, ihey
can all be boiled down in short compass, 1
could do it myself in six months or less,
am almost tempted to do the work for noth-
ing, if the Government will take it when it is
completed.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a question?
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Has the bill been rec-
ommended by the Secretary of State ?
Mr. COX. I have not consulted with the
Secretary of State in regard to it. But I did
consult with the chairman of the Senate Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Scmxeb,,] and
the proposition I have made received nis
approbation. I drew up a bill to secure what
I have in view. I venture to say the Secre-
tary of State would give it his approbation at
once if it were brought to his attention.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope the gentleman will
modify his amendment so as to make the limit
what he has stated.
Mr. COX. I agree to that, and modify the
amendment so as to provide that the expenses
shall not exceed $3,000.
The question being taken on Mr. Cox's
amendment as modified, it was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to amend by
adding at the end of the paragraph "for alter-
ation and extension of the Treasury building,
$49,734 41."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to in-
quire of the gentleman from Ohio what that is
for. That seems a large expenditure to make
for an extension of the Treasury building.
Mr. LAWRENCE. My colleague on the
committee from California [Mr. Sargent] is
better acquainted with the facts connected with
this appropriation and will make an explana-
tion.
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman will allow
me to answer his question, I will state that I
was present at a meeting of the Committee on
Appropriations when the Secretary of the
Treasury was there and explained the item.
And as my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,]
who has charge of the bill, was not present at
that time, I, at his request, make the explan-
ation. With the exception of §12,000 of this
amount it does not make a new appropria-
tion out of the Treasury ; or, in other words,
at the end of the fiscal year there will be
enough covered into the Treasury to make up
this sum except $12,000. It arises in this
way, under the legislation which was adopted
at the last session, the Comptroller has ruled
that where any articles of furniture are made
in the Government workshops, although the
price may be much less and the articles greatly
superior, tl^ey cannot be paid for out of the
fund which was put into the bill last year for
the purchase of furniture. If the Secretary
of the Treasury, however, sees fit to go out
on the street and buy an inferior article, and
be compelled to pay a higher price for it, it
can be paid for out of this fund. The result
is that the funds to which I have referred are
not expended, and the only appropriation out
of which it could be paid under the circum-
stances was out of " the fund for the Treasury
extension.
Now the $12,000 to which I have alluded is
for the stone stairway at the north end of the
Treasury building on Fifteenth street, a stair-
way corresponding with the one at the south
cSrner of the building. That is a very neces-
sary work, as 1 think the gentleman from
Illinois will admit, and the $12,000 is to pay
the balance necessary for this purpose. The
Secretary of the Treasury represented this
matter lully to the committee, and his state-
ment was entirely satisfactory to my 'inind, as
I believe it was to every member of the com-
mittee. . „ , . ,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am satisfied with
the explanations, provided the gentleman will
modify his amendment, so that it shall not be
for an extension of the building.
Mr. SARGENT. The language now used
is necessary in order that the funds which have
been drawn upon for the purpose which I have
mentioned may be restored out of this appro-
priation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man will modify his amendment so as to state
exactly what it is for. I make this suggestion
simply because it is recommended by the
supervising architect of the Treasury Depart-
ment that w© should tear down the center
building of that Department and build a new
one. That is his recommendation, and that,
1 understand, is the reason why that part of
the building is not repainted and taken care
of. The purpose is to let it decay, so that Con-
gress may be coerced into agreeing to tear it
down. Now, I do not want, when I come
here next fall, to find the roof torn off the
center of the building, and to be told that we
must go on with the work, because it has been
commenced. We cannot be too careful in
such matters.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not think it neces-
sary to modify it.
The amendment was agreed to.
.Mr. LAWRENCE. I offer the following
amendment:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the
present district attorney of Nebraska his salary for
the four years ending June 30,1871, $800.
I desire to say a word in explanation of this
amendment. District attorneys are paid by
fees, as a general rule, but the law relating to
district attorneys, or to nearly all of them,
gives them $200 a year as a salary. The law,
however, in relation to the district attorney
of Nebraska doe3 not make any provision for
this salary at all. There is therefore no law
for this appropriation, and it rests upon the
discretion of Congress whether we will put the
district attorney of Nebraska on the same foot-
ing with the other district attorneys. Now, I
have no doubt that they are paid enough with-
out these $200; but while the law gives it to
others, I think it- is only just to give it to the
district attorney of Nebraska. " Equity de-
lights in equality." I am opposed to making
any distinctions on account of color or race.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
Light-house establishment: _
For repairs and incidental expenses m renttmif
and improving light-houses and buildings connected
therewith, £20,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend that
paragraph by striking out in line eighty-seven
the word " twenty " and inserting " fifty,'' and.
I shall subsequently move the same amend
ment in the next paragraph, so that it will read
in each instance " $50,000." The reason of
this amendment is that we covered into the
Treasury a balance of $100,000 by the general
legislation of last year which ought to have
been used during this year for the purpose of
keeping up the light-house system along the
Atlantic and Pacific coast and the lakes. In
addition to that we cut down the appropriation
for last year below the estimate $100,000.
This deficiency appropriation bill now comes
m and proposes to restore to these two objects
the sum of $40,000, leaving $160,000 less than
the amount which it was supposed would be
available for this purpose. I propose to add
$Cr0,000 more to the gross sum, so that it will
be then $100,000 less than the amount which
it was supposed would be available. The
chairman of the Light-House Board, in submit-
ting his estimate, says :
"The deficiency of appropriations for the current
fiscal year grows out of the transfer of all balances
of the general appropriations on the 1st oi July
last amounting to nearly one hundred thousand
dollars, and of the reduction of the general appro-
priations for the current fiscal year below the esti-
mates submitted of about one hundred thousand
dollars. The amount asked for is absolutely neces-
sary to enable the Department to carry on the light-
house service in an efficient manner to the close oi
the present year."
Now, we have this alternative presented t<3
us; it was presented to us by the Secretary of
the Treasury himself in most forcible language,
which I will quote. He said that unless we
allowed him this amount of deficiency be would
be compelled either to allow the lights to go
out along our coasts and lakes, or else take
from some other appropriation, and thus ren-
der himself liable to be sent to a State prison,
I do not want the latter alternative to take
place, and I protest most vigorously against
allowing the lights on our coasts and along our
lakes to go out for want of oil, or to permit the
buildings to go down for want of repairs.
A few days ago the entire country was hor-
rified at the bare possibility that the steamer
Tennessee had been lost. Suppose that the
fact had been that the steamer Tennessee had
