1516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
been lost while approaching the Atlantic coast
because the lights which mariners have been
accustomed to rely upon tcf enable them to avoid
the rocks of our shores had been allowed to go
out for want of an appropriation by Congress,
Would this stain ever be taken from the Con-
gress guilty of the carelessness of neglecting to
make such an appropriation, or when its atten-
tion was called to it was guilty of the crim-
inality of refusing to make it? That is the
alternative here. I believe I have the support
of a majority of the Committee on Appropria-
tions upon thte amendment, and I trust the
gentleman in charge of this bill will not con-
test the proposition to increase this item to a
reasonable sum, in order that we may keep up
this essential service.
Mr. MAYNARD. How does it happen that
this bill was reported with these sums in it ?
I would inquire of the gentleman why the con-
siderations which he has suggested, and which
seem so eminently wise, did not prevail with
the committee?
Mr. SARGENT; I do not know that I have
a right to tell what occurred in the committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not ask the gentle-
man to disclose the secrets of the committee.
But I want to know if there are any counter-
vailing considerations.
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir; for these amounts
were fixed in the bill, cutting down the esti-
mates of the Department, upon therecommend-
ation of the sub-committee having it in charge.
The Secretary, of the Treasury, observing it,
came before us, and called our attention to
the absolute necessity that this appropriation
should be increased, or, as he said, he would
be compelled to let the lights go out.
Mr. LAWRENCE. 1 desire to have the
attention of the House for a moment upon this
clause. I ask the House to stand by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.- The particular
clause we are now considering does not relate
to furnishing oil; we are not discussing the
question whether the lights shall go out or
not. The Committee on Appropriations last
year, in their appropriation bill, very carefully
considered the amount they regarded as ne-
cessary to carry on this light-house establish-
ment, and they fixed the amount. They are
now asked to increase the amount: not only to
increase the amount appropriated by the bill
of last year for the expense of the current
year, but to increase the amount which the
committee have agreed to on this deficiency
bill.
I wish to call the attention of the House to
this fact: X went to the Treasury Department
and called upon theLight-House Board, orupon
the acting chairman of it, and said that I would
be glad to have a statement of the average
expenditures for this purpose for a series of
years past, but I could not get it. Nearly a
week ago he came to the room of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and I said I would
be bound to oppose what he was asking and
to stand by the bill as reported, by the com-
mittee ; and I gave him as a reason that I
wanted a statement from him of the average
expenditure for a series of years past, and he
would not make it, and he has not made it
yet. I say this is an extravagant institution.
I say there is more money expended by it than
ought to be expended. I say this Light-House
Board has failed to furnish to this Congress
the information we ought to have. In view
of the failure td furnish this information after
notice given as I have stated, it is an outrage
to demand this appropriation now.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrekce] upon what information
he has cut down the estimate of the Treasury
Department for this item from $50,000 to
$20,000?
Mr. LAWRENCE. The Committee on Ap-
propriations last year acted upon the subject
with all the information they could get, and
they fixed the amount without any of this
deficiency estimate. And now the question is
simply this: whether we shall make appropri-
ations or whether they shall be made by the
acting chairman of the Light-House Board.
If the gehtleman proposes to vote for this
increase; I ask him upon what information he
will vote for it? I want to see the evidence that
it is necessary. I say that no such evidence
can be produced, and that the increase is not
necessary.
Mr. LYNCH. In answer to the gentleman
from Ohio, I say that my action on this subject
is based upon information furnished by the
Light-House Board to the Secretary of the
Treasury, and by the latter officer furnished
to the Committee on Appropriations. If there
is any other mode in which the Committee on
Appropriations is guided in framing appropri-
ation bills and submitting them to the House,
I would like the gentleman from Ohio to let
us know what it is. The plat which the gen-
tleman from Ohio seems to have adopted is
to take the appropriations asked for by the
Departments, who have all the information
upon the subject that it is possible for us to
have, and upon whom we rely to furnish us
with information—the gentleman takes these
estimates and then reduces them one half, or
sometimes three fourths, as has been done in
this case.
About two hundred thousand dollars of the
money appropriated for this branch of the ser-
vice have been covered into the Treasury under
the aet of July 12, 1870, as I am informed
by the chairman of the Light-House Board ;
and the Committee on Appropriations now
propose to appropriate something more than
$40,000. If the gentleman having charge of
this bill [Mr. Lawrence] recommends an ex-
penditure of only $20,000 where the Depart-
ment asks for $50,000, I say it is due to the
House, in order to enable it to act understand-
ing^, that the gentleman should furnish us with
the information on which he thus cuts down
the official estimate.
Mr. LAWRENCE. We ought "riot to make
appropriations when the officers fail to give us
the information we ask.
The SPEAKER. Debate on the amendment
l q PYnOlTOfpn
Mr. SARGENT. I withdraw the amend-
ment that the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] may renew it.
Mr. BECK. I renew the amendment. I
desire to say that I agree with what the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Sarsext] has
said upon this subject. It is true, I believe,
that the majority of the committee at first
agreed with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
LiwitENCiJjJ but we did so upon the belief
that there had been extravagance in the man-
agement of this fund. We cut down the esti-
mates last year upon a general idea of econ-
omy, there being an effort at that time to re-
dace expenses without anything like accurate
information, so far as I am aware. We were
all endeavoring to make the expenses of the
Government as light as possible. But, sir, the
Secretary of the Treasury came before the
committee the other day and showed that
every dollar we had given him for this purpose
had been fairly expended in keeping up the
lights, and that if we did not give him the
$50,000 now asked the coast must be without
lights from now until July, unless he should
take the money out of the Treasury without
authority of law, running the risk, as he very
well said, of being sent to the penitentiary.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I wish to call the gen-
tleman's attention to the fact that the clause
now under consideration is not for the pur-
pose of making appropriations for oil and
lights.
Mr. SARGENT. Both items go together.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The pending item is
for "refitting and improving light-houses
and the amount asked for is, 1 believe, an
extravagant appropriation in that direction.
Mr. BECK. There are twoappropriations :
one for refitting and improving light-houses,
the other for supplying them with oil, wicks,
&c.
Mr.-SARGENT. The two are inseparable.
Mr. BECK. It was incontrovertibly shown
before the committee by the Secretary of the
Treasury that it was absolutely necessary to
keep these light-houses in repair and to keep
these lights burning; otherwise the lives of all
those sailing along our coast would be in dan-
ger. To cut off an appropriation of this kind
is a sort of economy which we cannot afford
to indulge in. The Department has shown
that unless we appropriate this amount the
light-house service cannot be maintained ; and
when, as in this case, human life is at stake, I
cannot refuse a necessary appropriation.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Why does not the Light-
House Board give us the information we need ?
Mr. SARGENT. Why do you not apply
for it by resolution?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I called for it person-
ally, and it has not yet been sent to us.
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman from Ohio
seems to object to this amendment, because he
has not heard from the Light-House Board.
Mr. LAWRENCE. That is the light I want.
Mr. POTTER. He siys he needs light on
the subject. That may be a sufficient reason
for him; but surely it is not for me and the
rest of us. These gentlemen who know the
most on this subject tell us that we must have
$50,000 from Congress in order to keep up
the various light-houses in the country, and
$50,000 more m order to keep them in light;
and we are to cat down that sum, which they,
with all their knowledge on this subject, tell us
is necessary, because they have not made to
the gentleman from Ohio a sufficiently prompt
return to his request.
Mr. LAWRENCE. They have not made
any at all.
Mr. POTTER. I cannot act for that rea-
son, although it may be sufficient for the gen-
tleman from Ohio. My friend, the gentleman
from Oregon, [Mr. Smith,] who sits near me,
tells me to-day that there, is a light-house in
his district dark for the want of Government
funds to keep it lighted. Why, these light-
houses extend from Maine to Florida ; and I
am surprised, from the number of them, that
they can at all be kept in repair for the amount
indicated by the Light-House Board. Surely
the subject is too important, the amount of
property involved too great, and the number
of valuable lives affected too numerous to
allow us to question the amount recommended
by this Light-House Board, which I am glad to
say, from my observation, is most conscien-
tiously and carefully administered. As I have
said, I do not think the objection is sufficient,
because they have not returned a sufficiently
prompt reply to the request of the gentleman
having charge of this bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. I wish to say a word.
Mr. BECK. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. NIBLACK. I renew it. Mr. Speaker,
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
xard] pertinently inquired why we cut down
this appropriation last year without accurate
information. That inquiry would naturally
suggest itself to almost any practical man who
has heard this debate. I think I can answer
the question, at least in part. It will be re-
membered that at the last session of Congress
the distinguished chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes,] of which I
am an humble member, got into a controversy
with the Departments about their extravagant
estimates. That controversy attracted tile
attention of the country to a great extent. It
certainly attracted the attention of the heads of
the different Departments of the Government.
It created in certain quarters a kind of panic.
It created a panic in the New England State?,
where certain elections were pending. A con-
sultation was had, and it was determined that
the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations should visit New England ami as-
sure them, the people of that section of the
