690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
recommendations to office.
The Senate) as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
298) to relieve members of Congress from
importunity, and to preserve the independ-
ence of the different Departments of the Gov-
ernment, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, to
the amendment reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary was to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause and to insert the following:
That hereafter it shall be unlawful for any mem-
ber of either House of Congress, or Delegate from a
Territory, veibally or in writing, to solicit, recom-
mend, or advise the President of the United States,
or any head of a Department, or of any bureau
thereof, to appoint any person to office or employ-
ment; and it shall be unlawful for the President or
any head of a Department or bureau to make any
appointment so solicited, recommended, or advised
on the privityof the applicant; and any person who
shall violate this act shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
and, on conviction thereof, shall be lined not exceed-
ing 91,000; Provided, That this aotshnll not apply to
the action of Senators upon nominations submitted
by the President to the Senate, nor to any advice,
verbal or in writing, which may be offered at tho
request, in writing, of tho President, or any head of
a Department.
The amendment of Mr. Morrill, of Ver-
mont, was to insert at the end of the reported
amendment "nor to any advice, verbal or in
writing, which may be offered at the request,
in writing, of the President or any head of a
Department."
Mr. PATTERSON addressed the Senatp in
remarks which will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. BOREMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. Unless the Senator de-
sires to proceed at this moment. I should be
very glad if he would yield to me for a short
time. Of course I do not wish to stand in his
way if he has a special reason for proceeding
now.
Mr. BOREMAN. I have no special reason,
but I shall only occupy a short time.
Mr. CONKLING. My purpose was to make
an observation or two in reply to what has
fallen from the Senator from New Hampshire,
if the Senator from West Virginia will allow
me.
Mr. BOREMAN. Very well; I yield.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, yester-
day we heard from the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] a note of preparation. We
were advised that the Senator from New Hamp-
shire had something to bring forward touching
the custom-house in New York. Now we
have heard the Senator from New Hampshire,
and I wish to make a few observations upon
his statements.
Perhaps in ope respect these is not in this
body a more disinterested and unbiased wit-
ness touching the New York custom-house in
its present management than myself. 1 shall
prove this when I state that since the pres-
ent collector of the port of New York was
appointed I have never, verbally or in writing,
directly or indirectly, recommended to him
or requested of him the appointment or the
retention in office or the removal of a single
person. Often wishing to aid some friend,
whom I would have done much to benefit, I
have forborne to make any request of the col-
lector. Can the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire, coming as he does from a State
not touching the port of New York, say as
much? The collector of the port of New York
is an officer of the State which! have the honor
m part to represent; and before the echoes
have died away which the Senator has awak-
ened, I ask again whether he can say that he
has not contributed to the evilof which he has
been speaking—whether he has abstained from
making to the collector of the port of New
York application for retentions or appoint-
ments? I am able to make the statement that
not a single man b$s been appointed, nor has
one been retained iu office, nor removed by
the officer in question, upon recommendation,
application, or advice of mine. If, therefore,
it was the purpose of the Senator, in anything
he has said, or anything he has read, to convey
to the Senate or to the country the impression
that I am one of those at whose instigation, or
by whose agency, or in whose name, appoint-
ments are urged upon the collector of New
York, or removals suggested, the purpose is
without fact to stand upon, and the impres-
sion would be without truth.
Nowafew words as to the matters which the
Senator has more directly brought forward.
His acquaintance with this subject is a little
singular. It seems to have arisen from a reso-
lution offered by my colleague, which I send
to the Secretary and ask him to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Jiesolved, That the Committee on Retrenchment
be instructed to furnish acomporative detailed state-
ment of the cost "f collecting the customs revenue
of the ports of New York. Boston. Philadelphia,
Baltimore, New Orleans, and San Francisco, with
such recommendations favoring a reduction in such
expenses as they may deem compatible with the in-
terests of the public service; also, to particularly
report on the present system and practices connected
with the warehousing business at the port of New
York; also, in relation to what is commonly known
as the 'general order business," and the cartage of
goods wliilein the custody of tho Government.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the date of the
resolution ?
The Chief Clerk. This resolution was
agreed to on the 14th of December, 1870.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, though
the resolution was offered by my colleague, its
import and its authorship taken together gave
to the Senate and to the country no intimation,
no hint, of what was to take place. To be
sure it was known that my colleague was not
friendly to the chief officers of one of the places
mentioned in the resolution, and it might be
supposed that, perhaps unconsciously to him-
self, some feeling of unfriendliness entered
into his act in offering the resolution ; but
upon its face it seemed an ordinary and a mer-
itorious resolution, putting no one on trial and
having no private or sinister aim. The Senate
will be somewhat surprised to learn that under
such a resolution, having recourse to some
bygone order of this body made in past years,
the committee mentioned proceeded, first, to
appoint a sub-committee, and to intrust the
sub-committee not only with the high power
to send for persons and papers but to rove at
large. It may not yet have come to the knowl-
edge of more than a few members of either
House that a sub-committee of two, represent-
ing both Houses of Congress, has been hold-
ing sessions in the city of New York, listening
to complaints. Such proceedings imply large
powers. I remember that it was an event,
almost an era, in the House of Representatives
when a committee, in addition to being clothed
with power to send for persons and papers,
was authorized to leave Washington and sit
wherever it pleased, from place to place, even
for purposes less unusual than holding secret
inquisition upon the character and acts of citi-
zens or officials. It never occurred to me,
when the resolution was adopted, it could not
have been understood by the Senate, that
under guise of a resolution entirely silent in
the respect referred to, such proceedings were
to be instituted.
The facts referred to on the face of the reso-
lution, every one of them, were matters of
record in the Departments, and in the files of
Congress, and for this reason, as well as for
the reason that the resolution gave no hint of
such a purpose, it was matter of course that
the Senate did not know or suspect the real
object of the resolution, and it passed without
explanation or objection.
A sub-committee was selected. It consisted
of my colleague in the House, Mr. Sheldox,
who is, until the 4th of March, the immediate
representative of my colleague here, repre-
senting his congressional district. It is no
secret, and I shall give no offense to my col-
league when I say that Mr. Sheldon sympa-
thizes with him in his hostility toward the
collector of New York.
The selection of this sub-committee was,
like the tipping oyer of Mr. Weller's coach,
a somewhat "striking coincidence:" it is
noticeable that the one single member of the
House who_ acted on the sub committee was
the immediate friend and representative of
the mover of the resolution. The other mem-
bers of the sub-committee were the honorable
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] who, I
believe, has never acted, and the Senator
from New Hampshire.
These two gentlemen then, representing not
only the Senate but the Congress of the United
States, proceeded to the city of New York.
Inquiries were made of me after, as it turned
out., the committee had gone to New York as
to its being there, and in my ignorance I said to
those asking that they were quite mistaken ;
that no committee was to visit New York. But
there were those better informed, and the com-
mittee was furnished by persons interested and
prepared with witnesses and with testimony
which has been received by the committee sit-
ting with closed doors, nobody else being pres-
ent either to suggest inquiries, to make ex-
planations, or to give information. Such being
in part the history and nature of the proceed-
ing, the Senator has given us glimpses of the
results so far. What are they? The importers
find fault. This is the first and chief fact to
be gathered from the Senator's remarks. He
states with much emphasis that Mr. A. T.
Stewart and others do not like the way the
business is done. Mr. A. T. Stewart does not
collect duties, he pays them ; he does not see
the Government's side, he sees his own side ;
he does not speak for the Government, he
speaks.for himself. So of all the importers to
whom the Senator referred.
As he has not stated the particulars of the
criticisms made by importers I cannot judge
of their merit, but as a general truth I should
say that it shows a collector of customs to be
efficient rather than lax if those who pay duties
find fault.
Passing over the fault found by importers,
the rest of the Senator's allegation comes to
this: that inspectors always have accepted
presents from importers, and it seems impos-
sible to put a stop to it. The Senator says, in
the language of Mr. Terwiliiger, no matter
whom they appoint inspector, the immemorial
custom of importers giving douceurs and pres-
ents to subordinate officers will still go on. I
believe it to be so. I have heard from a man,
experienced not only in years, but largely us
an importer, say that twenty, thirty, forty years
ago a leading importing house, of which he
was a member, every year had appear in its
accounts a certain sum ot money made up of
a number of trifles given as presents to subor-
dinate custom-house officers, not, as I under-
stand, for doing corrupt things always, by any
means, but for working out of hours ; for expe-
diting their business ; for taking up things out
of their turn; for giving a thousand and one
accommodations which mighfrgrow outofgood
nature, and which, if no presents were given to
them, perhaps could not be the proper subject
of harsh comment. It seems that in this im-
memorial difficulty, depending upon truths that
will exist as long as human nature is human
and men are made of clay, the Senator has but
found an illustration, new to bin*, of the scrip-
tural assertion that "the love of money is the
root of all evil."
If some mode of selecting inspectors will
prevent importers from giving them a box of
cigars, or making some other present, I per-
ceive the aptness and the cogency of the Sen-
ator's statements ; otherwise I do not see their
use here. It is the misfortune, the fatal infe-
licity of all human government, that it must
be administered by men; and the difficulty
which the Senator has pointed out is that men,
and needy men, too, will accept presents which,
if not the price of impropriety on their part,
at least subject them to that charge. It is to
be deplored, of course ; and I am glad the Sen-
