1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
691
ator found a place in Iris remarks to inform the
Senate that the officers responsible for these
subordinates, as far as he was able to discover,
were not acquainted with the facts, and that
when informed they replied that it was one of
those things the absolute cure of which seemed
to defy their efforts, because when one man
was turned out who it was said had received a
present, and another man put in his place, an
importer would give him a present; and when
that was brought to the knowledge of the col-
lector, if he displaced him and put another
man in his place, a present would be offered to
him; and so it would go on, with despairing
repetition, to the end.
I can hardly suppose the object of the Sen- i
ator from New Hampshire is merely to bring j
here matters not bearing on the pending bill, j
and which, without explanation, might dis-
parage and disgrace particular individuals, but
which have the general effect of creating the
impression of laxity and bad government under
the present Administration. I have no idea
that he intends to parade these allegations for
any injurious effect; and yet I regret that he
should deem it well to introduce matters of this
sort, which, rightly understood, reflect upon
nobody affected by the bill we are considering,
and which tend to create misunderstanding,
and thus to do harm rather than good.
I did not intend at this time to comment
upon the investigation in New York. I do
intend, however, should,it become necessary
at a future time, to state some facts which I
refrain from approaching now. I have felt
bound, however, to call attention to this some-
what extraordinary investigation, and to say
that if it be intended as an impartial investi-
gation it is a pity that the incidents^ which
attend it should have occurred. It is a pity that
a resolution not disclosing the real object, and
coming from a hostile source, should have
brought about the inquiry. It is a pity that the
committee should be represented by members
holding the attitude personally in reference to
the officers in question and the Administration
held by the members of this committee. It is
a pity, I think, that the investigation was so
unexpected, that it has been held with closed
doors and ex parte, and under the superin-
tendence winch has attended it. It is a pity,
in short, that the idea has gone out that the
whole purposed the investigation was not the
pursuit of knowledge, but one of a different
and more personal kind.
Mr. President, uninformed as I am of the
testimony before the committee, except so far
as the Senator has taken the liberty of bring-
ing it here, and uninformed except by the
statements of observers at a distance of the
proceedings of the committee, I hazard^ the
assertion in advance that, with the committee
or without the committee, in spite of the com-
mittee, if it does not allow witnesses on both
sides to appear before it, the truth will appear
that the present collector of the port of New
York lias devoted himself, not only with assi-
duity, but with conscientious determination, to
eradicating abuses ot long growth, and that in
the particulars in which he is now challenged
he has given the best and the most successful
administration of the office we have had for
years. Should the committee not find this out,
it will not be necessary to to go beyond the
limits of Washington to fitid_ recorded proof
attesting what I say and vindicating the pres-
ent administration of the New York custom-
house by the rule) li by their fruits ye shall know
them." . "
Mr. President., if the committee have found
any instance in which either the collector, the
surveyor, or the naval officer of the port of
New York has b'een guilty, knowingly or even
negligently, of any official malversation, 1
ask the Senator from New Hampshire to rise
in his place and state it now. If, on the con-
trary, there is no evidence that either of these
men, Mr. Murphy, Mr. Cornel], or Mr. Cm'1"
nell, has come short in the duties of the office
which he holds, I ask the Senator in justice
to say that; aud I give way to the Senator to
hear what he says.
Mr. PATTERSON. After the Senator has
finished I should like to say a word in reply.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me, I ask him to answer my question now. I
put it as a question, because I should like to
make a remark upon it. The Senator has
alluded to proof before the committee ; and
therefore I ask him, in candor, to state to the
Senate and the country whether he knows of
any official misconduct, either direct or indi-
rect, on the part of the collector or the other
two officers of the port of New York?
Mr. PATTER.SON. The Senator from New
York has very adroitly turned his remarks
into a defense of the gentlemen who were not
attacked by me; in respect to whom I brought
no charge; in respect to whom I have not a
word to say. I said nothing bearing directly
or indirectly upon the collector, Mr. Terwil-
liger, Mr. Griimell, or Mr. Cornell, to whom
he has referred. But when he speaks of ex
parte evidence 
Mr. C0NKLING. Before the Senator comes
to that, I beg him to allow me to interrupt him
for a moment.
Mr. PATTERSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator then
do me the favor, if it be a favor—I think I
might ask it as matter of right, but will put it
as a favor—will he state distinctly whether his
committee has any reason to allege against
either of the three officers whose names I have
mentioned any official misconduct whatever,
or any misconduct in the places they hold?
Mr. PATTERSON. I will answer very
frankly that we took nothing that would bear
against either of those gentlemen ; not one
word.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
says they " took nothing." I ask him to state
at large whether there was any evidence what-
ever, that he knows of, whether the committee
found, or took, or discovered anything reflect-
ing upon either of these three gentlemen. If
so, I beg him to state it.
Mr. PATTERSON. I do not propose at
this time to go into a discussion of the testi-
mony which we took on the subject of the
general-order system. I do not propose to go
into a discussion as to whether the chiefofficers
of the custom-house at New York are respons-
ible or not responsible for the action of the
inspectors and appraisers ; but, so far as those
individuals are directly concerned, there is no
testimony before the committee bearing upon
their character or their misconduct in office,
not the least.
.Mr. CONKLING. Then, Mr. President,
if I understand the Senator, he exonerates as
fully as I could, as far as his investigation has
gone, all three of these gentlemen from any-
thing reflecting upon them. I am very glad
to hear that; and I am very glad to hear it
because I see now that the Senator could not
have intended the effect of his remarks. Al-
though he did not intend it, it is obvious that
his remarks, as they fell from him, would have
left upon the Senate, and upon the country,
the impression that he had evidence in his
possession reflecting upon the capacity or
character of these officers.
Mr. PATTERSON. I must, in turn, now
ask my friend to state the sentence ()r the
word in which I intimated any such thing in
relation to those gentlemen. There was not a
syllable in anything I said that intimated such
a thin°", if I understood what I was saying.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, Mr. President,if
the Senator is right as to the import of his
words, I shall be better pleased than if he is
wrong. When the Senator entered upon that
part of his remarks I was intent upon some-
thing else, and, although I meant to give him
respectful attention, I did not follow him ve|*y
closely; but I saw from the impression made
upon other Senators, as well as the impression
made upon me—I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] received the
same impression that I did—that the under-
standing was the Senator did mean to inti-
mate, if not to state, that the committee of
which he is a member had received evidence
damaging or discreditable to the administra-
tion of one or all of these officers.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow
me to put a question to him ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask the Senator from
New York, if these abuses or wrongful acts
that were spoken of by the Senator from New
Hampshire do actually exist, whether in his
opinion it was not the duty of the collector to
have found them out before this and to have
put a stop to them?
Mr. CONKLING. I am glad the Senator
asks me that question. My opinion is that, the
collector of the port of New York should do
everything that one honest, competent man
can do to eradicate abuses; and if the honor-
able Senator from Ohio would take pains, by
personal inspection, to acquaint himself with
the vastness and the complication of the ma-
chine, if I may so call it, which the collector
of the port of New York is called upon to
direct, he has manliness and charity and can-
dor enough to make all the allowance that in
the present case need be made. As there is a
limit to human capacity, and as no man can
be in more than one place at once, so it is not
possible for the collector of the port of. New
York by personal supervision, if he were to
be there for years, to find out and be present
and correct all the abuses that will creep in.
This collector is comparatively a new man in
his place. He came in when a Republican
collector had held the office and filled all the
places; and upon no theory of partisans or pol-
iticians was there to be any general change in
the appointees; so that Mr. Murphy, not being
charged with supplying the custom-house gen-
erally with new subordinates, had but one thing
to do as to those composing his force. That was
to acquaint himself as rapidly as lie could with
the character and the fitness of each, and where
he found a man coming short in his duties dis-
place him and put a better man in his place ;
where he found a man needless—and he did
find such I am told—at once to drop him from
the list; which, if my information is correct,
he has done. That was all he had to do with
partisan administration of his place.
As to curing abuses, as to reaching evils such
as the receiving of presents by here and there
some of tile thousand men—and I believe there
are more than that number employed about
the custom-hquse—I answer the Seuator from
Ohio that it was his duty to do all he could
toward reform, and that nothing could be more
unjust than to suppose, when you have found a
particular instance of this kind, the instance
always occurring by stealth, that the coilector
knew or could know anything about it, unless
by accident he discovered' it.
I do not wish to prolong this discussion. I
have attained my purpose by calling the atten-
tion of the Senate to the somewhat curious
character and origin, as it seems to me, of
this investigation, and to the factthat, after all,
it has led to nothing reflecting upon those at
whom it seems to be aimed. I leave the sub-
ject here, having obtained from the Senator
from New Hampshire a statement exonerating
those concerned, and particularly the collector
of New York, from any blame that might
otherwise be supposed to attach to them.
Mr. FENTON and Mr. PATTERSON ad-
dressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
West Virginia [Mr. Boreman] is entitled to
the floor, but yielded to the Senator from New
FENTON. I ask the Senator from
West Virginia and the'Senator from New
Hampshire to yield to Hie at this point until I
I make a remark.
