84
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 30,
Ho. op Keps.
Accounts of George Chorpenning.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
by said Chorpenning's route to California, and,
as formerly, shipped thence to New York city.
E. Smith, postmaster at Salt Lake, writes
under date of October 8, 1856:
"Much mail matter which should have been
brought by the eastern mail has been forwarded by
the Isthmus and transported to this Territory by
way of San Pedro and Sin Bernardino, California,
and no inconsiderable amountlias been forwarded
to the States that way."
Charles A. ICinkead says in his affidavit,
dated 5th July, 1856, that lie went with the
mail train to California last February, travel-
ing mostly in the night to avoid the Indians.
The mail consisted of live large sacks, most of
which was the eastern mail properly belonging
to the " Independence route;" and again, he
says, Livingston, ICinkead & Co. (a firm doing
business at Salt Lake, and of which witness
was a member) last winter sent their eastern
correspondence by the California mails; they
have done the same since 1851, whenever the
mountains were covered with snow.
This positive testimony is sustained by the
reason of the thing. It is altogether improb-
able that the people of Salt Lake would decline
to avail themselves of Chorpennuig's route to
send their mails to the East when he affoided
them the only means of communication ; and
it may be added that under the circumstances
the omission of the postmaster at San Bernar-
dino to mention any of the eastern mails pass-
ing "out" from Salt Lake militates more
against his accuracy and reliability than against
the lact tnat ouch mails were cariied.
The next p'oint of inquiry relates to the weight
of the mails.
It is impossible to reconcile the certificates
of D. M. Thomas, postmaster at San Bernar
dino, (pages 18, 19, and '20.) with the testimony
of the other witnesses, and especially with the
testimony of Frank Choi-penning and Leach,
the two managers or superintendents for the
claimant. Willi intent to give effect to all the
"affidavits and proofs," and at the same time
to do substantial justice, 1 shall accept the cer-
tilicat.es of Thomas for the "trips into" Salt
Lake for the months of Februaty, .March, April,
May, July, and August, 1856, correcting sundry
errors of calculation, apparent oil their faces.
These certilicates show as follows:
Extra Regular ■ Extra
pounds, pohwIh. allowance,
February 540 180 S3.750 00
Ma roll  450 180 3,125 00
April  550 157 4,378 98
May  270 270 1,250 00
July  173 350 625 00
August  300 375 1,000 00
$14,128 9s
The above-mentioned certificates of Thomas
all bear date on the Cth September, 1850, and
are unsupported by his oath. They were evi-
dently given without much pretension to accu-
racy, and profess to state "about" the relative
weight of the extra and regular mails. In two
of the certilicates mistakes occur in extending
the total weights, although it was necessary
only to multiply in one case 90 by 3, and in
the other 90 by 5. It was not the duty of this
postmaster to keep accounts of the number or
weight of the sacks of mail passing his office,
and the presumption is that he did not open
or ever handle the through sacks. From the
fact that no certificate is given for the month
of June, it may be iuferrea that no record was
kept of the quantity and weight of passing
mails ; and from the dale and form of the cer-
tificates it seems that they were designed only
to embody the recollection of the postmaster
as to the mails which had been conveyed into
Salt Lake months before.
Besides the general charge of want of accu-
racy against these certificates, which might,
as above stated, be based upon the failure to
make any allusion therein to the eastern mails
in transit from Salt Lake to California, it
should be noted that they conflict with the tes-
timony of Kinkead. He says, (page 32:)
"We met on the way to California, in February,
1856, the train from California with about fourteen
sacks of mail, most of which must have been from
the Atlantic States. The California mail proper for
Salt Lake never consists of more than two or three
sacks. I never knew them to be more, except when
■the eastern mail came with it."
*• He also states that he " saw at San Bernar-
dino and Los Angeles seventeen.sacks of mail,
which had already accumulated to go out with
the March train;" and again, "the steamer
which arrived at San Pedro from San Fran-
cisco two days after the mail train had left for
Salt Lake brought additional mails for the
same place." Thomas certifies that in Feb-
ruary Chorpenning's men had only eight sacks
of mail in all, and in March only seven, leav-
ing sixteen sacks, if ICinkead was correct,
unaccounted for in two months. There is also
a marked discrepancy between the statement
of Kinkead, that "the California mail proper
for Salt Lake never consists of more than two
or three sacks, " and Thomas's reports of the
weights of the regular mails for July and Au-
gust, 1856, which weie three hundred an(f fifty
and three hundred and seventy-five pounds,
respectively.
On the other hand, Leach was the superin-
tendent of Chorpenning, and it was his busi-
ness to ascertain the exact quantity of the
mails, and to provide the necessary transporta-
tion. I am therefore disposed to be guided by
Leach's testimony in determining whatainonnt
should be allowed for extra services during the
residue of this term. Leach states on oath,
page 21—
" That in the month of July, 1855, there were be-
tween seven and ef£ht hundred pounds of eastern
mail matter thrown upon and earned by the con-
tractor on route 12801, from California to Salt Lake,
and that since that time there are generally every
trip from five to nine hundred pounds of this In-
dependt'neo rajiil carried by the contractor over
route 12801; tlia,r. the said eastern or Independence
mail does not belong to the route in question, and
its transportation could not have been anticipated
by the contractor when he bid for his route in April,
1S54; and that the Salt Lake and California, mail
properly belonging to that route never weighed over
seventy-five to one huudred and fifty pounds per
trip, and was carried on pack animals, except when
the weight of the Independence mail required a
wagon, which was otten tho ease."
This is substantially the same as the testi-
mony which Frank Chorpenning gave as appli-
cable to the term of the first contract, and is
strongly confirmed by the testimony of ICin-
kead and Hockaday, above cited. Smith also
says, under date of October 8, 1856, page 17—
"I have been requested by the conductor on route
12801. between this city and San Pedro, California, to
make a statement in relation to tho amount of mail
matter transported on that route at this time, and
the increase since the commencement of the present
contract, on the 1st of July, 1854. Since the present
contract between youand the Department for carry-
ing the mail on that route was entered into there
has been an increase of mail matter, and during the
winter season especially. The punctuality that has
been observed in transporting the mails between
this place and San Pedro has inspired a confidence
in the minds of the people which has had a tendency,
above other considerations, to increase the amount
ol matter forwarded each way on said route 12801,
and should the mail continue to be carried punc-
tually as heretofore I firmly believe there will be a
further increase of mail matter on that route." '
Leach's affidavit being dated at Washing-
ton on December 22, 1856, it is clear that
he could not have any knowledge of what
occurred at Salt Lake and San Diego on the
1st of that month. Hence I reject the month
of December as well as the six half months
certified to by Thomas, thus leaving fourteen
months between the 1st July, 1855, and 1st
December, 1856, to be accounted for on the
basis of seven hundred pounds weight of east-
ern mail as against one hundred and twenty-
five pounds of regular mail, at $2,500 per
month for the regular mail. This would make
a further allowance of $196,000.
II. I now proceed to the consideration of
the second branch of the case.
The joint resolution of July 15, 1870, fur-
thermore directs the Postmaster General to
investigate and adjust the claim of George
CliQi-pehriihgi "growing out of the curtail-
ment and annulment of his contract on route
No. 12801, on the basis of his agreement with
the Postmaster General for the service."
In endeavoring" to interpret and executethis
portion of the joint resolution I have encoun-
tered many difficulties. It is to be regretted
that the legislative direction is not more ac-
curate and specific. No information can be
gathered from the debates of Congress, for I
find, on examination of the Globe, that the
joint resolution passed without debate in either
House.
1 am therefore left without other guides than
the petition of the claimant, the language of
the resolution itself, and the report of the
committee which presented it to the House of
Representatives.
On the 1st day of April, 1858, George Chor-
penning bound himself by contract with tho
United States to transport the mail on route
"No. 12801, from Salt Lake to Placerville and
back, twice a month, through in twenty days,
and to improve the mode and speed of service
so as to carry in covered carriages or wagons,
drawn by four mules or horses, and to run
through in sixteen days, at pro rata additional
pay for increase of stock made necessary and
shown to have, been used in consequence, not _
exceeding $30,600 a year, the Department
reserving the right to increase speed to trips
in fourteen days each way, at pro rata increase
of pay on accepted bid for stock made neces-
sary, and shown to have been used, not. over
$45,600 per annum, or trips in twelve days at
pro rata increase on said bid, limited and
conditioned as stated, not over $60,000 per
annum, with certainty, celerity, and security,
at $84,000 per year, for and during the term
commencing the 1st day of July, 1858. and
ending with the 30th day of June, 1862;" the
United States to pay for said services "quar-
terly, in the months of May, August, Novem-
ber, and February." It was also provided in
said contract "that the Postmaster General
may discontinue or curtail the service, in
whole or in part, in order to place on the route
a greater degree of service, or whenever the
public interests require such discontinuance
or curtailment for any other cause, he allow-
ing one month's extra pay oil the amount of
service dispensed with;" and further, "that
the Postmaster General may annul the con-
tract for repeated failures" and for certain
other causes therein particularly specified.
On the 2d April, 1858, (the dav after the
execution of the contract,) the Postmaster
General passed an order to "improve mode
and speed of service so as to carry in covered
carriages, or in wagons drawn by four mules
or horses, and to run through in sixteen days,
at pro rate additional pay for increase of stock
made necessary and shown to have been used
in consequence, notexceeding$30,600ayear."
And on June 19, 1858, the Second Assistant
Postmaster General wrote Chorpenning that
"the Postmaster General orders that the ser-
vice on route No. 12801, Salt Lake City to
Placerville, be improved to weekly trips, at
$65,000 additional per annum, as agreed to
by you," thus increasing the compensation
to $130,000 per annum, for weekly service,
through in sixteen days.
The Second Assistant Postmaster General
again wrote Chorpenning, under date April 8.
1859, that—
" Owing to the financial pressure upon this De-
partment, resulting from the failure on the part of
Congress at its late session to pass the Post Office
appropriation bills, it becomes necessary, in the
opinion ot the Postmaster General, to curtail ser-
vice. He orders that the trips on route No. 12801,
Salt Lake City to Placerviile, be reduced to semi-
monthly, from the 1st July next."
And again on, the 7th May, 1859, the Second
