1518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
that that is not a proper appropriation to be
in ail appropriation bill. it >s n0'
out any existing law, nor is it authorized by
auy existing law, bat is simply a claim against
the Government.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Ferry
in the chair.) The Chair sustains the point of
order, and the paragraph will be stricken out.
The Clerk read as follows:
To pay tho United States consul at Hiogo and
Osara fiom the lime of his appointment, February
l(i, 18(58, to June 30,I80S, SI,166 67.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make the point of order
that the paragraph just read is not in order in
a deficiency bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE. It is clearly in order.
It is for payment of a salary authorized by
law. _
Mr. KELSEY. Yes; it is a deficiency, and
nothing else.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask the Clerk to read,
in explanation of the pending paragraph, the
letter which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department op State,
Washington, January 2i, 1871.
Sib: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your reference, under yesterday's date, of the let-
ter of Mr. T. Scott Stewart. United States consul at
Osaca nnd Hiogo, who seeks'compensation from Feb-
ruary 10. 18(58, to July 1. 1868. Iu reply, I have to
say that, as stated iu Mr. Stewart's letter, he was
appointed on February 10, 18(58, at a time when no
salary was attached to the office, and the appropria-
tion for that consulate did not take effect until July
] followiug. As Mr. Stewart proceeded to the dis-
charge of his duties without delay, it seems pfoper
that he should be paid lor the time intervening
between his appointment and July 1, 1868; and the
subjcct is respectfully recommended to the attention
of your committee.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
J. C. B. DAVIS,
Awistant Secretary.
Hon. William Lawrence, of the Committee on Appro-
priations, House of .Representatives.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the poiut of order.
The Clerk read as follows :
Pension Bureau:
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, clerks, messengers, watchmen, and laborers
in his office, $10,338 03.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by adding,
after the paragraph just read, the following:
For the payment, during the fiscal year ending
June 30,1871, of pensions under statute of February
14, 1871, granting pensions to certain soldiers and
sailors of the war of 1812, and the widows of deceased
soldiers, 8240,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to call the gen-
tleman's attention to the fact that the pensions
granted under the act recently passed by Con-
gress will not, without some further legislation,
be subject to the provisions of the law approved
July 8, 1870. My attention has been called
to the matter by the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, and it is very desirable, indeed highly
important for the interests of the Government,
that the pensions granted under our recent
act should be subject to the general law with
regard to the payment of pensions.
"Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
that h^ prepare an amendment, to be offered
when the miscellaneous appropriation bill
shall be under consideration. That bill will
appropriate $4,500,000 for pensions.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The appropriation in
this bill is for a deficiency; and I would like
to have added to the gentleman's amendment
a proviso making these pensions subject to
the law of July 8, 1870.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to that;
}iut I thought that by postponing the matter
the gentleman might have an opportunity to
prepare his amendment more deliberately.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw his amendment till lean prepare the
proviso to accompany it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be
no objection it will be understood that the
ameudment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] and that of the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] shall be
in order when offered hereafter.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read as follows:
Indian Office: . , .
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay bal
ance due on the indebtedness incurred lor tho Indian ■
service in California by Austin Wiley, former super-
intendent of Indian H-flairs, §10,559 54, or so much ;
thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make a point of order
on the paragraph just read. It clearly pro-
vides for the payment of a claim against the
Government, the payment of which is not j
authorized by any existing law. It does not
propose an appropriation for any deficiency, i
Mr. SARGENT. This is not a claim against 1
the Government. It is for supplies purchased
by Government officials in small quantities, j
amounting to thirty or forty dollars each. :
It is simply a deficiency in the funds of the ,
Department charged with the payment ol j
those bills. '
Mr. BENJAMIN. If Congress ever anthor- .
ized the*purchase of these supplies from any
appropriations for the Indian service, the |,
amounts can be paid. It is, I presume, be-
cause such payment has never been authorized
by law that this claim is now brought here.
Mr. SARfeENT. On the contrary, Mr.
Speaker, precisely such expenditures are au-
thorized in the law under which these liabilities
were incurred ; but there was a change of the
incumbent of the superintendency having con-
trol of this matter, and ihe liabilities incurred
by one superintendent were disregarded by his
successor. Consequently, the vouchers were
not sent up and the money was not paid. It
has been found that the appropriation under
which these amouuts would fall was not large ;
enough to cover them. I have the items here. !
They are for wheat, corn, beef, &c., and they
range in amount from five or six dollars to
one hundred or one hundred and fifty dollars, j
These various amounts constitute an honest j
obligation of the Government, under a law j
authorizing expenditures for these very pur-
poses for the Indian service. If these ought
not to be paid, then no debt of the Govern-
ment should be paid.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The occupantofthe cnair
will recollect very well that similar items of
expenditure for the Indian service, growing
out of the Harney purchases, and making in the
aggregate a very large amount, were discussed
at the last session of Congress, and upon a
point of order were ruled out by the Speaker.
Those Harney purchases, which were precisely
of the same character as these, have come up
from time to time, and have always been ruled
out of order.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benjamin] is very unfortunate in
his facts. The appropriations to pay the Har-
ney purchases were ruled to be in order; and
those purchases have been paid for under
appropriation bills. The gentleman will find
provisions for their payment scattered through
different appropriation bills. The only differ-
ence in the two cases is that those purchases
amounted to about one and a quarter million
dollars, while the amounts proposed to be pro-
vided for in this paragraph will make in the
aggregate only about ten thousand dollars.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the poiut of order.
message from tub sknatk.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate j
had passed without amendment a House joint ,
resolution of the following title : ]
A joint resolution (H. 11. No. 843) for the ,
relief of Louisa A. Smith, widow and admin- j
istratrix of James Smith, deceased. j
' The message also communicated the foliow-
, ing tesolution of the Senate:
! Unsolved, That the Secretary be directed to request
! the House of Representatives to return to the Sen-
i ate the bill'of the House(H. It.No.1582) " author-
! izing terms of tho United States court to be held
at Helena. Arkansas." rejected by the-Senate yes-
terday and returned to the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. DAWES. I ask that the request just
received from the Senate be complied with.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be
no objection, the bill will be ordered to be
returned to the Senate in compliance with the
request of that body.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
DEFICIENCY APPHOPRIATION BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of the
deficiency appropriation bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
For blank-books, stationery, furniture, nnd mis-
cellaneous items in the Indian office, $51 95.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to amend by
adding after the paragraph just read the fol-
lowing:
For subsisting seven hundred and forty-seven
Ponca Indians from December 1, 1870. to July 1,
1871, including liabilities for the purpose already
incurred, $15,836 64.
In explanation of this amendment, I ask
the Clerk to read two letters which I send to
the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department op tiie Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs,
Washington, D. C., February 14, 1871,
Sir: In compliance with your verbal instructions
of this date, I have the honor to inclose herewith
an estimate of funds necessnry to subsist the Pum a
Indiana from December 1, 1870, to July 1, 1871, and
have respectfully to recommend that the same may
be laid before Congress for its action.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
B. S. PARKER, Commissioner.
Hon. C. Delano, Secretary ol the Interior.
Department of the Interior^
Washington, D. C., February 15,1871.
Sir: I have tho honor to transmit herewith a copy
of the report of the Commissioner of Indian Atf.iirs,
dated the 14th instant, together with the estimate
therewith submitted of an appropriation required
to subsist the Ponca tribe of Indians from the 1st
day of December, 1870, to the 1st day of July, 18*1,
amounting to $15,836 64.
I respectfully recommend the subjectto the favor-
able consideration of Congress.
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
C. DELANO, Secietury.
Hon. William Lawrence, Committee on Appropri-
ations, House of Representatives.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For additional compensation to William Syphax,
for services in the Interior Department. $i,2S0;
which sum is hereby directed to be paid to him.
Mr. BECK. I move to amend by striking
out the paragraph just read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I was about to raise a
point of order on this paragraph, and I desire
to have that point reserved.
Mr. BECK. In explanation of my reason
for moving to strike out this paragraph, I ask
the Clerk to read a letter from the First Comp-
troller, and also a letter from his chief clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
First Comptroller's Office,
September 12, 1870.
On examination of the claim of William Syphax.
under a clause in the appropriation act of July 15,
1870,1 find that no portion of his pay as an assistant
messenger has been withheld from him, and that
during the period he served in the Interior Depart-
ment the amount of pay received by him exceeds
the amount allowed by law and the regulations «f
that Department to an assistant messenger.- There
is therefore nothing due to hitn for pay withheld
nor " to equalize his compensation with that of an
assistant messenger."
R. W. TAYLER, Comv&roller.
February 21,1S71.
Dear Sir : I give you a few memoranda upon the
claim of William Syphax.
In his petition he states that on June 1,18oi, he
was "assigned to the duty of receiving, counting,
packing, and delivering for transport at ion and mail-
ing the books and documents distributed by act ot
Congress." &c., and continued to be engaged upon
that work until May 14.1863. He was at that time
a messenger or assistant messenger in tue lntenoi
Department, and asked for extra pay on account ot
the responsibility of his aforenamed duty, lhis was
all he claimed, namely, compensation for his in-
creased duty between 1857 and 1803. Lpon tins
the clerk to the Appropriation Committee wrues to
Syphax, asking him to furnish the committee with
an account of how much the diflerenco would be
between what he receivctl as pay and thc.sum ot
$720 per annum, from the date of his entry into, tho
public service up to the year 18i0, namely, from
1850 to 1870, the space ot twenty years, and i'Ctu:iH>
allowed him the amount, namely, i.i,180,'is reported
in the appropriation act.
