692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jainiaiy 24,
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to be
allowed to say a single word in reply to the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Conbxing.]
Mr. BOREMAN. I surrender the floor.
Mr. FJENTON. I should be glad to say
just here what I have in my mind, and it
seems to be called for, growing out of a remark
of my colleague, that the resolution under
which this committee was acting was possibly
inspired by some unfriendliness on my part
to one of the principal officers at the port of
New York. I shall have no controversy now
with my colleague in regard to custom-house
matters in New York. I shall have no con-
troversy at this time with him or other persons
growing out of the practices of the Adminis-
tration in appointing this person or that per-
son to office. It ia not a question as to who
shall hold the offices, so that they enjoy the
confidence of the Republican party and are
competent officers, and faithful to the public
interests. It is a question, rather, if it was to
be raised here or elsewhere, of proscription
within the party organization for a difference
of opinion relating to its organization and
preferences for men, and not in regard to the
support of its candidates, the Administration,
and its policy.
But, Mr. President, I rise for another pur-
pose than to discuss this matter relating to
New York appointments. In passing I will
simply remark that if it is true, and I have no
purpose now to deny it, that my colleague has
not advised any appointment under the pres-
ent collector of the port of New York, it is
fortunate for his reputation that he has made
the statement, for current rumor in New York
has it otherwise, and in this light it is due to
the truth of history that he should have stated
what he has.
The resolution which has been referred to
was introduced by me on the 14th of Decem-
ber last. It did not invest the Committee on
Retrenchment with new duties or impose upon
them new obligations. They were authorized
at the last session of Congress to make these
investigations, and concurrent almost with this
direction of Congress, that the joint committee
of the two Houses should make investigations
as referred to, I introduced a bill, I believe,
on the 19th of May last.
I give the date, so that Senators may see
that it could have no reference to the present
organization'of the custom-house in New York,
for the present incumbent of the eollectorship
was not appointed until some two months there-
after. It was introduced not with reference to
individuals but to an abuse of the system. The
bill that I brought forward related to fines, for-
feitures, penalties, and seizures^ as connected
with the practice under the law, or in viola-
tion of law, at the port of New York. It was
for the purpose of bringing before the Senate
the bill that I now refer to, perhaps somewhat
amended and modified, dependent upon the
report of this committee, that 1 introduced the
resolution of instruction to the Committee on
Retrenchment and asked them for a report.
I had had no communication with any member
of the Committee on Retrenchment prior to the
introduction of that resolution.
My object now 13 to say that I had no refer-
ence to individuals, whether the collector of
the port of New York, the naval officer, the sur-
veyor, the inspectors of customs, or any person
connected with the customs department. I
had reference to an abuse of the system ; an
abuse which had been, in some degree, long
practiced, but which under the present man-
agement has grown to immense and dangerous
proportions, until it is attracting the attention
not only of the New York public but of the
entire country; an abuse which will attempt,
no doubt, to resist legislation, to resist the
efforts of committees of investigation, so that
to understand and disclose the full extent to
which it is carried is a great undertaking; and
yet without reference to the appointment of
Mr. Murphy as collector of the port of New
York, or to any other person, I made up my
mind that I would make the effort.
That bill is now before the Senate, and as
soon as the Committee on Retrenchment have
made their full report, and the Secretary of the
Treasury answers the inquiries in the reso-
lution which I introduced calling upon him for
information, I expect to ask the attention of
the Senate to the discussion of this whole sub-
ject. It necessarily embraces the matter which
is under discussion to-day, the civil-service
reform. And, Mr. President, if there is any
necessity of a reform, or has been since the
foundation of the Government, it will be appar-
ent at this time, when in the custom-house in
New York, under the administration of the
present collector, all persons who are known
to me or my friends as of a particular classifi-
cation or shade in the Republican polities of
New York have been put out and others put
in, who, to say the least, do not in a higher
degree enjoy the confidence and respect of the
public.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to say a word
in relation to the organization of this sub-
committee. The Committee on Retrenchment
did not act altogether under the resolution
which was introduced by the colleague of my
friend from New York, but under the general
instructions of the committee, which will be
found in the resolution which I will read:
"That said committeebe instructed to inquire into
the expenditures in all the branches of the scrviee
of the United States, and to report whether any, and
what, offices ought to be abolished, whether any, and
what, salaries or allowances ought to be reduced."
Mr. CONKLING. What is the date of that?
Mr. PATTERSON. In 1866, and it has been
renewed each year since on the appointment
of the committee:
"What are the methods of procuring account-
ability in publio officers or agents in the care and
disbursement of public moneys; whether moneys
have been paid out illegally; whether any officers or
agents or other persons havo been or are employed
in the service without authority of law, or unneces-
sarily ; and generally how. and to what extent, the
expenses of the service of the country may and ought
to be curtailod."
These instructions laid upon this committee
by both Houses of Congress are the instruc-
tions under which we acted, and, if the strict-
ures upon the committee of the Senator from
New York [Mr. Conkling] strike unpleasantly
anywhere, it cannot be on the committee, but
on the Senate and the House of Representa-
tives, for, if we have simply fulfilled the duty
which was laid upon us by the Senate and the
House of Representatives, the strictures of the
gentleman fall there and not on us. If there
were anything in which we are liable to cen-
sure, it would be for a non-fulfillment of the
duties laid upon us, and it is a partof our duty
to inquire into the way in which the public
business is transacted in the custom-house at
New York. So much for that.
Then, as to the organization of this sub-
committee, I was not aware that the member
of the sub-committee from the House [Mr.
Sheldon*, of New York] was inimical to any
officer of the custom-house until after his
appointment. I would say, also, that he was
not the only member of the sub-committee
from the House. Mr. Benton, from New
Hampshire, was also on the sub-committee,
and we expected to meet him in New York, as
he had been in Boston doing service there ;
but he passed by us and came to Washington,
and we did not think it necessary to send for
him to go to New York. I will say, also, that
my colleague on the sub-committee from the
Senate, the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thur-
man,] was sick at the time the sub-committee
went to New York, so that he could not serve
on the sub-committee. As to myself, I had
no prejudice against the collector or any offi-
cer in the custom-house at New York. I never
saw the collector until after his appointment,
and I bad no feeling against him at all.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask a question?
Mr. PATTERSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Were the other members
of the sub-committee, Mr. Betjtos, of New-
Hampshire, and the honorable Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] both notified of the
intention to go to New York and make exam-
ination ?
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. Benton- knew
about it, but the Senator from Ohio was sick.
Mr. CONKLING. And was not notified?
Mr. PATTERSON. Because he could not,
go. Ho was not in his place, and I was obliged
to go that day.
Mr. CONKLING. May I understand one
thing further? Did not the Senator from New
Hampshire know till he reached New York
that his colleague on the sub-committee was
hostile to the officers there?
Mr. PATTERSON. I said until after his
appointment on the sub-committee.
Mr. CONKLING. But I inquire of the
Senator if he did not discover that before he
went to New York?
Mr. PATTERSON. I did not discover that
he was hostile to any person in the custom-
house; I understood that he had in his judg-
ment a ground of offense which occurred dur-
ing the campaign in which he was defeated;
but that that necessarily went to the extent of
his having Sny ill-feeling toward the officers
of the custom house I did not know.
Mr. CONKLING. Until you reached New
York ■!
Mr. PATTERSON. Until we reached New
York.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I will say that i
am very glad to hear that as an act of just ice1
to the Senator himself, because I confess that,
in common with others, I had not been able
to understand how the Senator himself should
have acquiesced, had he known of the attitude
of his colleague on the sub-commit,tee before
bis departure for New York, in going there
with a committee thus composed to investigate
such a subject, because the attitude of his col-
league was so very pronounced and so well
known that it gave it the mere aspect, of an
act of personal revenge from the start. But
as the Senator says now he did not learn th«fc
until after he reached New York. I am very
glad to hear it, because it explains what before
I was not able to understand.
Mr. PATTERSON. One word farther in
relation to the ex parte evidence of which the
Senator has spoken. In my remarks I made
no reference to the subject of general orders.
On that subject we have taken the testimony
on one side, but have not as yet taken the tes-
timony on the other, which we expect, to do.
For that reason, I said not one word about, it.
But I did speak of testimony which came before
the committee from the inspectors; and 1 think
that ex parte testimony is the very best, f.'hen
a man comes into court and condemns himself
out of his own mouth ; for these inspectors said
under oath that they themselves had taken this
bribe money, and that their associates were in
the habit of taking it. Is it that kind of ex
parte evidence that the gentleman inveighs
against?
Mr. CONKLING. On the contrary, it was
that evidence which obviously upon the face
of it acquitted all the superiors of these men
from knowing anything about it, because the
men who came and confessed under oath that
they had done this privately and stealthily of
course did not cast any imputation npon those
who, they themselves testified, they had con-
cealed this whole matter from, as I inferred
from the Senator's statement before.
Mr. PATTERSON. I stated distinctly in
my remarks that I did not attribute these
things to the collector or any of the leading
officers of the custom house, and that when I
myself went to Mr. Terwilhger to state these
things he made the remark to me which I
stated before, so that I attribute nothing in
the way of guilt to the leading officers of the
custom-house.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Terwilliger, as I
