mi.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-BESSICOSTAL GLOBE.
85
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Accounts of George Chorpenning,
Ho. of Reps.
Assistant Postmaster General farther informed
Chorpenning by letter, that—
" Thefrequency of trips having been reduced from
weekly to semi-monthly, from 1st July, 1859, a de-
duction would be made in his pay from that date at
the rate of $50,000 per annum, leaving it to stand at
£80,000 per annum."
On the 10th May, 1860, the Postmaster Gen-
eral made an order annulling the said contract,
in toto, after reciting that—
" It had been proved to his entiresatisfaetion.from
the testiinouy on file in this Department, as well as
fromother sourcesof information, that George Clior-
£enning, contractor on route No. 12801, between Salt
ake City, in Utah, and Pfacervilie, California, had
not performed, or caused to bo performed, the ser-
vice in accordance with the terms and requirements
of his said contract, but had repeatedly failed to do
so, andhadoften, if not habitually, substituted upon
a large part of said route a grade of service inferior
to that stipulated for in said contract, and that this
irregular and imperfect service'had been consequent
upon the failure of said Chorpenning to provide the
necessary stock on said route."
The testimony of James Craig, (pages 83
and 84,} of claimant's "evidence and argu-
ments," details the circumstances attending
the making of the above partly recited con-
tract. Craig was a member of the House of
Representatives, and also a member of the
Post Office Committee at the time, and had
the best facilities for information. He states
that"fie was present in the spring of 1858,
when contracts were awarded fur carrying the
mails from St. Joseph, Missouri, to Placer-
viiie, and distinctly remembers "that the con-
tracts, when written out, were to provide for
increased service at increased compensation
then agreed upon, and that before the 1st
day of July then following an order was to be'
issued from the Department directing the con-
tractors to perform the service weekly, through
in thirty days, Chorpenning to run from Salt
Lake to Placerviiie in twelve days." The
amount of compensation he did not remem-
ber, but, believes it to be as stated in contract
of 1st April, 1858. The witness further states
that th.e Postmaster General ''insisted upon
awarding a contract temporarily at as small
compensation as possible, and said, in sub-
stance, that after the contract had been pub-
lished at the low price, he could quietly order
the increase, and by the time the people would
learn how much money it cost them they would
be so pleased with the overland mail that they
would not abuse him for expending so much
money upon it." Craig then refers to a letter
written by him to Chorpenning on March 0,
1859, and an indorsement of Senator Gwin
thereon, and states that he believes the letter
and indorsement • contain and express the
understanding and intention of the Postmaster
General and Mr. Chorpenning at the time the
contract was made.
In the letter he writes that "it was under-
stood most unequivocally, at the time your
contract was closed, that you were to be or-
dered. before you left the city, to run through
from. Salt Lake City to Placerviiie in twelve
days. I heard you say to the Postmaster Gen-
eral that you would not and could not take the
contract and perform the services for what you
were to receive for running it in sixteen days.
The Postmaster General, also, after you had
left for Concord to buy your coaches, author-
ized me to telegraph you to purchase in view
of twelve days' service.
" Dr, Gwin will remember well tho reason given
by the Postmaster General for accepting your six-
teen-day bid ; and it was at Governor Brown s sug-
gestion that we advised you to submit your sixteen-
day bid. for you said at the time that you did not
want the contract at that prieeand time. INowttiat,
in addition to the action of the last session, the sen-
ate has asked for an increase of service on thewhote
route from St. Joseph to Placerviiie, I do not think
the President and a portion of the Cabinet will
longer veto tho order of the Postmaster General,
and preventan act of sheer justice to tho contract-
ors and the public."
Senator Gwin says in his indorsement:
"I fully corroborate what Mr. Craig says in re-
gard to the increase of tho service on the Salt
Lake route. It was the distinct understanding that
the service was to be reduced to thirty days, with
therate of increased compensation specified in the
contract. The latePostmasterGeneraf informed me
that he had the order already made out to shorten
the time to thirty days from St. Joseph to Placerviiie
from and after the 1st of April. It is absolutely
necessary to have letters carried over tho route.
The contract, in my judgment, would never have
been made but for the certain expectation that this
arrangement would be made."
These statements of Craig and Gwin are
sustained by the unusual provision in the con-
tract for increase of service, and by the fact,
abundantly proved, that Chorpenning, from
the commencement to the termination of his
service, continued to perform his part of the
" understanding " by running a weekly mail
through in twelve days or less, in stages or
wagons drawn by four horses or mules.
The counsel for Chorpenning insist, in their
arguments that the words " on the basis of his
agreement with the Postmaster General for
the service," must be construed to require a
settlement on the basis ol $190,000 per annum,
that being the rate fixed for weekly service
through in twelve days, whenever it should b
ordered by the Postmaster General. To this
claim I cannot accede.
The duty enjoined upon me by the joint res-
olution is to investigate and adjust the claim
" growing out of the curtailment and annul-
ment of his contract," nothing more or less.
It is nowhere said that 1 must adjust a claim
growing out of a violation of his agreement,
by the Postmaster General, or out ot a failure
on his part to executeacontract ill accordance
with a prior parol or other agreement. The
words of the joint resolution are nevertheless
of sufficient scope to include the contract as
ordered up by the Postmaster General; because
the only curtailment, was from $130,0(50 per
annum for weekly service, through in six
teen days, to $80,000 per annum for semi-
monthly service, through in same time. There
never was any curtailment from the original
contract price of $34,400 for semi-monthly
service, through in twenty days ; nor was there
any return to the original contract price after
the first increase of pay was made by the order
of April 2, 1858. Thus understood, there was
no rejection of the contract on the part of
Chorpenning. Oil the contiary, he accepted
it, and so long as it continued he received his
pay according to its stipulations. __His com-
plaint was confined to its " curtailment and
annulment," and his claim is restricted to an
"investigation and 3.djustment" of the dam-
ages arising out of the "curtailment and an-
nulment." If I were to adopt the sum of
$190,000 per annum as his proper compensa-
tion, I would increase his pay $00,000 per an-
num over the highest contract price, and to
that extent I would, in my judgment, exceed
the authority committed to me.
In this connection it is proper to notice the
difference in the language used in fixing the
elements of the calculation under the first
branch of the case and the words relied upon
to establish the basis of $190,000 per annum
under the second branch. In directing an
adjustment of the claims under the first sec-
tion of the act of 1857, the words used aie
"on the basis of compensation allowed by said
act for the regular service.'' This language is
clear and explicit of itself, and is uncontrolled
and unaffected by any other words bearing on
the same point. It can mean nothing else than
the $30,000 allowed in the act for the regular
service. In the second branch of the case
the words employed are "on the basis of his
agreement with the Postmaster General." 'I lie
word "compensation'' is omitted, and the
entire clause is manifestly made subsidiary to
the preceding words, which prescribe the body
and essence of my duty to be to investigate
and adjust the claim "growing out of the cur-
tailment and annulment of his contract.
Considering the context, the word "agree-
ment" is too idefinite in its legal signification to
enforce the employment of a measure of com-
putation that won I'd apportion to Chorpenning
§240,000 more than he would have received
if his contract had been fully executed, and
be had never had any occasion to complain of
either "curtailment" or "annulment."
Tho conclusion to which I have come is, that
it is iny duty to adjust this claim according to
the equity and justice of the matter; and that in
so doing I should give all due consideration to
the large expenditures and important services
of Chorpenning, and should award him suffi-
cient compensation to reimburse him for the
losses he sustained, but always within the limit
of his contract price.
This view is. 1 think, strongly sustained by
the prayer of Chorpennitig's petition to Con-
gress, dated February, 1870, which is as fol-
lows:
" Your petitioner now comes before your honorable
bodies, humblypraying tho passage of a jumtre.^olu-
tion oi- act. such as will give authority mid require
tho Postmaster General or other accounting otiiccr
to adjust and settle his claim under the act ot Con-
gress passed for his relief, and up, n the basis and
terms allowed therein, as also toadjust and settle his
claims growing out of too non-complianco with and
final amiulnientof his last contract, upon such terms
as may be deemed honorable, just, and equitable."
I also rely upon the opinion expressed by
the committee of the House of Representatives
in reporting the joint resolution. They said :
"Your committee further find that the Post Ofiico
Department entered into a contract with the peti-
tioner lor cimying tho mail weekly in coaches for
four yours, from and after July, 1858, between Salt
Lake City and l'lacenille, ttius forming tho first
overland stiige lino across tho continent. This con-
tract was subsequently annulled by the Department,
but clearly it must have been under a misapprehen-
sion of the facts, for the proofs tiled subsiquent to
tho annulment, copies ot which Inivebeon turnished
to your committee, overwhelmingly show that the
route was fully equipped with horses and coaches,
and that tho service was performed in the most ap-
proved manner, with the utmost regularity, and in
strict accordance with the requirements of the con-
tract. Under all the circumstances your committee
think that the case should bo heard on its merits,
after thorough investigation, and should be decided
according to principles of law, equity, and justice.'
Before proceeding to investigate and adjust
this claim according to what ^conceive to be
the true interpretation of the joint resolution
of July 15, 1870, it is proper to state that, in
my opinion, the question of the legality of the
orders of the Postmaster General curtailing
and annulling Chorpenning's contract is not
raised at all.
Whether right or wrong iti point of law,
they are virtually set aside by Congress, and
the inquiry as to Chorpenning's damages re-
sulting from these orders is to be made as_ if
his contract had contained a special provision
lor pavmeut of damages in case ot curtail-
ment or annulment. ^
The Supreme Court,, in the case of The
United States vs. Speed, (8 Wallace, page 84,)
in laying down the true rule for the measure
of damages against the United States for viola-
tion of a contract, say :
"Wo do not believe that any safer rule, or one
nearer to that supported by tile general currant of
authorities, can be found than that adopted by
tho court, to wit: the dilSerence between the costot
doing the work and what claimants were to receive
for it, makingrcasonable deduction for the lest, time
eng sged, and for release from the care, trouble, risk,
aud responsibility attending a toll execution of the
contract."
Taking this rule as a guide an adjustment is
easy. .
As already stated, Chorpenning s contract,
as enlarged by the orders of the Postmaster
General, providedfora weekiyservice, through
in sixteen days from Salt Lake to Placerviiie,
for the term of four years from 1st July, 1858,
to 1st July. 1802, at $130,000 per annum, at
which rate he was paid till 1st July, 1850. His
service was then reduced to semi monthly at
the rate of S80.000 per annum. This was
continued until 5th June, I860, when his con-
