1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
693
understand, is the deputy of the collector, or
something of that, sort?
Mr. PATTERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCflUliZ. Mr. President 
Mr. SCO IT. I ask the Senator from Mis-
souri to yield for the purpose of permitting me
to move to take up the special order which was
fixed (or to day. And as the hour has now
almost arrived that was given notice of for the
announcement of tiie death of a member, I
wish it understood that I make the motion for
the purpose of having that bill the unfinished
business for to-morrow. Will the Senator from
Missouri yield for that purpose?
Mr. SCHURZ. I am willing to yield to the
Senator from Pennsylvania for that purpose,
provided it be the understanding that thereby
this bill be not displaced in the order of busi-
ness.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The very motion dis-
places it.
Mr. HOWELL. I will state that to-morrow
is assigned for the pension bill for the soldiers
of the war of 1812, and I do not like to have
it crowded out in this way without having it
generally understood that that is the effect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to Senators that when the Senate makes
special orders for every day, and each special
order is debated for several days, it is impos-
sible for the Chair to call them up at the time
for which they are set; but the rule states they
shall not lose their order without special direc-
tion of the Senate. The bill now under con-
sideration is the oldest special order made at
this session. If it shall be postponed, it will
thereby antedate the other special orders,
unless those special orders are reached upon
the precise day assigned to them.
Mr. SCOTT. Then I understand the Sen-
ator from Missouri yields to me for the pur-
pose of making this motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope the SenatQr from
Missouri will not do that.
Mr. SCHURZ. I did not do that. I said
that I would yield with the understanding that
it would not displace this bill iu the order of
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that no bill can be taken up without dis-
placing in some way a bill previously before
.the Senate, for two bills cannot be before the
Senate at the same time.
Mr. SCHURZ. I should rather have said
that I am willing to yield oil the condition that
the Senate give unanimous consent that this
bill be Taken up as soon as the bill of the Sen-
' atorfrom Pennsylvania is disposed of.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri asks unanimous consent that this bill
be taken up after the bill for the repeal of the
income tax shall be disposed of.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Chair if it will
not come up as a matter of course, being the
oldest special order, as soon as the income tax
bill is disposed of?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If special orders
are reached on the precise day for which they
are set at oue o'clock, then they are called up,
though there be others antedating them; but
if they are not, they fall on the Calendar of
special orders according to the order of their
date. This bill is the oldest special order
made at this session.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ So that the moment the
unfinished business is disposed of the oldest
special order would come up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless there
was a special order for that day, which would
have priority
Mr. SCHURZ. I appeal to the Senator
from Vermont not to object. Let us come to
a unanimous understanding.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object for the reason
that my experience has shown rde we shall get
rid of business much faster by sticking to one
thing until we dispose of it in some way.
Therefore, I want to keep this bill before the
Senate until we either save it or destroy it in
the regular process of exhaustion, in some
way. Then I shall be quite ready to take up
the next thing.
Mr. SCOTT. May I be indulged in a state-
ment? There is evidently no disposition to
postpone or defeat the consideration of the
bill introduced by the Senator from Illinois.
It has already been debated for a number of
days, and whether acted upon to-morrow or
the next day, it is not of so much importance
for immediate-action as the bill which I pro-
pose to take up to make the unfinished busi-
ness. That bill repeals a system of taxation
which otherwise must go into operation on the
1st of March and be collected in April. If
we are to do anything for the purpose of stop-
ping the expenses that are daily being incurred
in preparing blanks and putting in operation
the machinery of the income-tax system, it is
important that we should do so at once, and it
is important that we should determine this
question one way or the other at once. I
hope, therefore, that the motion may be per-
mitted to be put to the Senate, so that we shall
have the sense of the Senate on the question;
and, if I have tlie consent of the Senator from
Missouri, I move that the pending business be
postponed for the purpose of taking up Sen-
ate bill No. 1083, whieh was made the special
order for to-day.
Mr. SCHURZ. I have already said that I
would yield provided the pending bill would
come up immediately after the income tax bill
should be disposed of.
Mr. CONKLING. May I suggest to the
Senator that he seems not to have attended to
the remark made by the Senator from Ohio
and the response from the Chair? This bill is
the oldest special order, and unless it should
be displaced by unfinished business, which is
impossible, it would come up, unless -some
order set for a particular time should inter-
vene. Now, I submit to the Senator from
Missouri that the chance of that is so remote
that we need not provide against it. There is
no unfinished business and will be none to
avoid a motion to take up the present bill the
moment the income-tax bill is disposed of.
Therefore, I think both the Senators interested
in this matter have a sufficient guarantee to
allow the motion to prevail now without objec-
tion.
Mr. SCHURZ. Thecontingency mentioned
by the Senator from New York is exactly the
contingency I should like to avoid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to say to the
Senator from Missouri that there is a special
order for everyday for some days to come.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Except Thurs-
day.
Sir. TRUMBULL. And if this bill goes by
now, I question if we shall ever get it up again.
The Senator from New York tells us that we
can make a motion to take it up. So you can
in reference to any business when you can get
the floor.
Mr. C0NKLINQ-. Let me correct the Sen-
ator. If he will look at the Calendar he will
see that there are no special orders beyond
Friday. This is Tuesday. We are at the end
of Tuesday, and the last special order is for
Friday, the 27th.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That occupies pretty
much this week.
Mr. CONKLING. Exactly.
Mr. TRUMBULL, That would dispose
of this week, and then there is a privileged
question that will soon be called up ; and if
the bill under consideration be laid aside, I
question whether we can get it up again at
all to secure action on it. The Senator from
Pennsylvania can gain nothing at this hour by
moving to take up his bill.
Mr. CONKLING. He can have it left as
the unfinished business for to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMB ULL. He can make his motion
to take it up to-morrow as well as to-day.
Mr. THURM AN. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion to my friend from Illinois. Why caa
we not pass over this bill informally, So that
the bill to repeal the ineome tax may be taken
up, and then the moment that is disposed of
this bill will be in its place, as I understand ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. SCHURZ. That is precisely what I
have suggested.
Mr. THURMAN. Let this bill be passed
over informally by common consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to that proposition 1
Mr. HOWELLand Mr. MORTON. Thereis.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made.
Mr. SCHURZ. I see that in a very few
minutes it will be half past three o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. We can extend the time
for that.
Mr. SCHURZ. I am ready to listen to any
suggestion with regard to an arrangement
being made.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, if the Senator will
allow me, I will make one. I said to the Sen-
ator from Illinois that there was no special
order for Friday. That was true; bat 1 then
supposed there was one every day until then.
I find there is not. There is no special order
for Thursday. I suggest to the Senator from
Pennsylvania that there is no special order for
Thursday, and why can he not transfer his
special order until Thursday, or else let this
bill go over until Thursday, bo that he can have
to-morrow? There is a vacant day which one
bill or the other might get.
Mr. SCOTT. I have no objection to either
of those courses being taken, but would prefer
that the income tax bill should be fixed for
to-morrow.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us do that, and let
this bill go to Thursday.
Mr. NYE. I wish to ask the Senate to make
a special order on Thursday for me.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President——
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposi-
tion has been made that the bill repealing the
ineome tax shall be made the special order for
Thursday, or that the bill now pending shall
be postponed, retaining its specialty, until
Thursday. The Chair does not know which
proposition he is desired to submit to the
Senate. Is there objection to postponing this
bill of the Senator from Illinois until Thurs-
day ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There has just been laid
upon our tables the report of the Committee
on the Judiciaryin regard to the Georgia Sen-
ators. That is a question which has been pend-
ing for more than two years and certainly it
ought to be settled at an early day; and as
soon as Senators have had time to look over
the report, I propose to move to proceed ■ to
its consideration. It is aquestion of the high-
est privilege and ought to be disposed of, and
I had hoped to be able to move to proceed to
its consideration on Thursday. I think we had
better continue the bill we have under con-
sideration, and dispose of it; and then I am in
favor of repealing the, income tax, and certainly
shall unite with theSenator from Pennsylvania
to get that subject before the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Illinois,
then, permit me to make a suggestion ?_ As he
and I are in accord on this income-tax bill, will
there be any objection to my making a motion
to- morrow- to test the sense of the Senate as to
whether they prefer going on with the income-
tax bill or the bill now under consideration ?
If not I give notice tha,t I will make that motion
to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mis-
souri has the.floor, and will be entitled to the
floor to-morrow, I suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri will b© entitled to the floor when
the Senate resumes the consideration of this
bill.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to t«ake one state-
