1520
the congressional globe.
February 22,
Mr. FERRISS. This subject is peculiarly
■within that branch of legislation brought be-
fore the Committee on Mines and Mining, of
which I am chairman. I have examined it,
and come to the conclusion that there is no
appropriation more worthy than this $1,500
recommended by the Secretary of theTreasury
for this purpose.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I object to the amend-
ment as not being in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Ferry
in the chair.) The Chair is inclined to sus-
tain the point of order.
Mr. SARGENT. I should like to state a
fact before the Speaker makes his ruling.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will hear the facts. •
Mr. SARGENT. In the appropriation bill
of last year there was an appropriation of
$10,000, for the purpose of collecting these
mining statistics in the several Territories of
the Union. This has been found not to be suffi-
cient for the purpose of carrying out the law
of the last session, arid $1,500 is asked to
supply the deficiencies. A little while ago,
the Speaker, when occupying the chair, de-
cided the amendment to be in order in a case
similar to this: that when a work has been
ordered, and the Secretary of the Treasury
says the appropriation is not sufficient, an
amendment is in order to the deficiency bill,
for the purpose of supplying the deficiency for
the completion of the work.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The case is not the
same. What the Speaker ruled was that
where money had been expended on a build-
ing the construction of which had been author-
ized by law an additional amount to carry on
the woi*k would be in order as an amend-
ment. But there is no law for this work at
all. This is a new and distinct work, which
ought to be provided for in another bill, if at
all. There is no law for it, and if the door is
opened by the introduction of this amend-
ment there will be no end to appropriations
that may be tacked on a deficiency bill. I
hope the Chair will not allow the door to be
opened so wide.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not see how the
gentleman can say there is no law for it, when
an appropriation has already been made for
carrying out this purpose.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the facts
stated by the gentleman from California be
undisputed the Chair will overrule the point
of order.
Mr. FERRISS. This work has been pros-
ecuted for several years. These mining statistics
which are collected and published by the Gov-
ernment bear the same relation to the great
mining interests of the country that the agri-
cultural report bears to the farming interests,
and where one dollar has been expended for
the former thousands have been expended for
the latter. These mining interests are new and
they require investigation. Appropriations are
needed for the purpose of collecting statistics
relating to mining interests and valuable mines
west of the Rocky mountains. Appropriations
have been made for several years for this pur-
pose, and this is only for supplying a deficiency
in the appropriation for las-t year, which the
Secretary has told us is about the sum of
fifteen hundred dollars.
I know of my own knowledge that no man
has been more indefatigable, more faithful, or
more economical than fir. Raymond, the Com-
missioner of Mining Statistics. It was supposed
that there were no valuable minerals in the
Territory of Arizona, and this'sum is required
because it is desired that we shall make-further
investigations in this Territory. And those
explorations have developed the fact that
there are vast and important mines in that
Territory. Now, sir, the Government is inter-
ested in this. The people of the whole country
are interested in it. Upward of sixty million
dollars are annually added to the valuation of
the wealth of this country from these mines;
and here is a small appropriation of only
$1,500 for the purpose of carrying on this
valuable work. I have consulted with some
of the gentlemen on the Committee on Appro-
priations, and with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and they concur with me that this appro-
priation should be made. I do not know why
it was stricken out when the other recom-
mendations of the Secretary of the Treasury
were adopted.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I hope the House will
not adopt this amendment. I desire to call
the attention of the House to the fact that this
bill appropriates, in round numbers, about
eleven million dollars. If we go on putting
in the bill everything which is interesting to
the people, regardless of expense, I tell the
Republican members on this floor that the
place which now knows us will soon know
us no more forever. We must stop this mode
of expending money. Why, sir, last year
we appropriated $25,000 for a geological sur-
vey in one of the Territories, and this year
we put it up to $40,000. We appropriated
$29,000 to pay for observations of the eclipse
in Europe, and I know not how much more
for the Naval Observatory for the same pur-
pose. We had the eclipse observed by the
Naval Observatory, by the naval officers, and
also by the Coast Survey. But what the eclipse
had to do with the Coast Survey I am at a loss
to understand.
Mr. DAWES. I must call my Colleague to
order. We have nothing to do just now with
the eclipse.
Mr. LAWRENCE. We have just this to do
with it, that these expenditures will eclipse
the Republican party if they do not stop them.
Then we have sent out an expedition for the
north pole.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman is entirely too far from
the subject.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Seriously, I hope the
House will stand by the committee. An ap-
propriation has already been made for these
services. Do not let us add to it. These
western Territories arebeingsurveyedandfilled
up as rapidly as the public necessity demands.
There is no need of this. It is a scheme, I
can see, to give one who is, no doubt, a very
competent and able gentleman more work and
a chance to spend more money. I ask this
House to stop it.
Mr. POTTER. I exceedingly regret to learn
that the expenditure of so small a sum of
money as $1,500 is to prevent the return of
my distinguished friend from Ohio [Mr. Law-
rence] to this House- All of us who have
enjoyed his society daring the last two years
will regret, as I do, that he will be gone from
us during the Forty-Second Congress. And if
I felt that this expenditure recommended by
the Secretary of the Treasury was to be followed
by the dire results the gentleman has indicated
I might be disposed to assist in making it up
by private subscription rather than have such
a catastrophe fall upon the country.
But, sir, I think we shall be able to stand
this expenditure. The purpose is a worthy
one. It is properly recommended, and I have
heard no reason why it should not be made
but that suggested by my friend from Ohio, and
I think he must be under a misapprehension as
to the effect on himself and the rest of us.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to say a word
or two as to this. The deficiency appropria-
tion bill which is now before the House I am
aware makes appropriations amounting to be-
tween ten and eleven million dollars, a larger
amount than that in any deficiency bill passed
last session. But, if gentlemen will remember,
there were four or five, or at least three or
fo'ur, deficiency bills passed last session, and
the aggregate of the whole of them exceeds
the amount of thjs bill. The committee have
been, as far as possible, economical. As
regards this item, it was never considered
by the committee, to my knowledge.
We have those great mining States and
Territories, and, I ask, is it not worth while
for us to find out what they contain, that we
may thereby attract population, bringing with
it wealth and enterprise? •
Why, what private proprietor is there that
would allow his lands to lie waste and unex-
plored and unadvertised when he could, by
bringing them to the notice of the world aud
himself ascertaining their value, put them in
the market and cause them to be a source of
wealth to him? Now, the Secretary of the
Treasury in his annual report says that the
collection of mining statistics by Mr. Ray-
mond is a matter of national importance. He
dwells upon it as of great importance to the
whole nation ; and it is important. We have
a large debt to carry, we have a large amount
of interest to pay annually, and it is necessary
to increase our resources; and to stop and
dicker over a small appropriation of $1,500,
which will complete the work, is, I think, not
statesman-like. I beg of the House that they
will at any rate allow us of the West to have
this little appropriation, in order that these
statistics may be obtained.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were refused, only thir-
teen voting therefor.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I offer the following
amendment:
For salary and commissions of the register and
receiver of the land office at Susanyille, California,
$3,000.
For incidental expenses of said office, $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For mail-locks, keys, and stamps, $53,000; for
advertising, $20,000: Provided, That hereafter the
lettings of maircontraets in Maryland and Virginia
shall be published in one newspaper only.
Mr. McKENZIE. I want to ask why the
committee put in this restriction in the
proviso ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. The object is to save
the expense of publishing this advertisement
in an unnecessary number of papers, a very
laudable purpose.
Mr. ARCHER. Does it apply to other
States besides Virginia and Maryland ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. No.
Mr. McKENZIE. I do not exactly under-
stand why this restriction is proposed. I
move to strike out the proviso.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am in favor of that pro-
viso', and one season that induced me to vote
for it in the committee was that it will enable
the Administration—whatever Administration
maybe in power—to designate the f>aper here
in Washington which it regards as its official
organ, so that the country may be able to
understand. As it is now, there are three
or foar Republican papers here, and we-do
not any of us know which to regard as the
organ of the Administration. This will com-
pel the party in power todesignate some paper
which it regards as its organ ; and then the
country will understand when reading it tli'it
it will reflect the views of the Administration.
That is one reason why I favor this proviso ;
but I think also that the publication of these
advertisements in one paper will answer all
purposes.
Mr. SARGENT. I suppose after that ex-
planation the gentleman feels much relieved.
Mr. CONGER. I am very glad to learn
from the remarks of the gentleman from Indi-
ana that he never expects a change of Admin-
istration, for, of course, among his own friends
he would know what the organ is.
Mr. NIBLACK. It will be time enough to
cross the bridge when we get to it-
Mr. McKENZIE. I must say that this is a
very singular provision, if it was put in here,
to enable the geutleman to'find out which paper
is the organ of the Administration in this city.
I suppose, if we want the mail-lettings done
