88 APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 31,
bENATE.
Senators from Georgia—Mr. Saulsbury.
41st Cons....3d Sess.
tract was annulled, and all further payments
refused. The entire amount paid Ghorpen-
ning under his last contract was §210,268 25 ;
from this is to be deducted $2,302 62, paid as
interest on deferred payments, leaving $207,-
965 63, to which should be added $706 52 for
fines and deductions during the first quarter,
making ag«rf-g.ite of charges $208,672 15.
The general statement for four years is as
follows :
Contract price for four year  8520.000 00
Deduct aggregate charges  2U8.672 15
Leaving as full balance of compensa-
tion for mail service  311,3"27 85
From this a reasonable deduction is to be
made for the cost of the service, the less time
engaged, and for release from the care, trouble,
risk, and responsibility attending a full execu-
tion of the contract.
The witnesses all concur in stating that
ample stock, coaches, wagons, accommoda-
tions. and men had been provided by Chor
penning to fulfill his contract in every particu-
lar, and even to increase the service if an in-
crease had been ordered. In summing up the
testimony on this point the committee say in
their report above, in part recited, that the
proofs "overwhelmingly show that the route
was fully equipped with horses and coaches,
and that the service was performed in the most
improved manner, wijh the utmost regularity,
and in strict accordance with the requirements
of the contract." Apart from capital invested
and the interest thereon, the only remaining
cost of doing the work consisted of the cur-
rent expenditures for wages, supplies, repairs,
&c. The best and most detailed exhibit of
the annual working expenses of the road which
1 have been able to obtain has been furnished
by Mr. Chat-penning himself, under oath. 1
reproduce it hero, with my approval:
Cost of keeping 490 hend of animals, at an average
_n! $30 each per nnnum. $14,700
Wages of 5J men, at an uver.igo of $75 per
month   45,000
Board loi-Mim', at SiO per month  12,000
Wages ot one geii"r.it and Iwo ro. id neon's at
eneh end of the line (m.\ in all) ut an aver-
age oi fii50 caeii per niontli...  10,800
Sh nettiK, mending, otlico lont, ami contin-
gencies  3,500
Total expenses   $S6.000
Ilia but, fair that the yearly receipts from
other sou tees than the mails should be applied,
as far as they will go, in extinguishment of
expenses. Under this head Mr, Chorpenning
claims as follows:' Five passengers, at $125
each, with $50 for freight and extra baggage
per trip in each direction, making, per week,
$1,350, or, per annum, $70,200.
It is evident, however, to my mind that this
statement, ol'reeeipts is speculative and that the
amount is exaggerated. Making due allow-
ances for " the less time engaged, and for
release from the care, trouble, risk, and re-
sponsibility attending a full execution of the
contiact," f consider one half the sum last
named, or $35 100, a more correct estimate.
This amount, deducted from $86,000, leaves
the sum ot S5D.l)UOas the net expenses for
every year of service.
After the 5th of June, 1860, there remained
of the last, contract term two years and twenty-
five day*, and for that time the net expenses,
at, $50,900 per year, would have amounted to
$105,304 73. Having ascertained the net ex-
penses, t he amount, due Chorpenning under this
head may be readily shown by the following
statement:
Balance of compensation on full contract, term for
mail sen ice $311,327 So
.Ueaucr net expensed lor two ye.us and
twenty-five day>  105 334 73
Balance duo ^2U.Vjy3 32
After a careful and prolonged investigation.
I am of the opinion thut the damages which
Chorpenning actually sustained by the "cur-
tailment and annulment of his contract," after
rejecting all claims for remote, speculative,
contingent, or consequential damages, amount,
in justice, to the above sum of $205,993 12;
and in support of that opinion I refer, among
others, to the following extracts from the tes-
timony :
Hiram F. Morrell, postmaster at Salt'Lake,
from October, 1856, to March, 1861, says,
(evidence and arguments for claimant, pages
87 and 88)—
"That he (deponent) has no doubt Mr. Chorpen-
ning expended several hundred thousaud dollars in
opening, stocking, and putting said mail line into
operation, and that ho must certainly have lost well
on to two hundred thousand dollars by the nnnul-
mento! his contract, aside from the loss he sustained
by the reduction of his pay to $80,000 per annum at
the end of the first year."
A. J. Schell, agent for Chorpenning from
12th November, 1858, till June, 18G0, says,
(ibid., page 91)—
"That hehas no hesitationin snyinsx heknows Mr.
Chorpenning to have lost about two hundred thou-
saud dollars by reason of the annulment of his con-
tract for mail service oj* this route."
And again, on pages 9-3 and 94, he says—
"That immediately upon hearing of the annul-
ment of the contract those having claims swept
everything off the road and sacrificed it in such a
manner th.it Chorpenning never received a singio
dollar out of iho vast amount ho had expended on
thoiine; thatdeponent himselfcould notget sulii-
ctent out ot the property to carry him to the States ;
and. in addition to this, there was still a very largo
amount of claims left unpaid."
Deponent being questioned as to the cost of
transporting the mails on said route during
the term of Mr. Chorpenning's contract, says
that the receipts from passengers, express
packages, and other sources connected with
the stations belonging to the route, would have
been ample to pay the expenses of the line;
that this has always been the calculation ot
the contractor, deponent, and other agents
who were familiar with the service; and that
all mail pay would have been clear profit to
the contractor, even if the service had for the
last year or two been ordered to daily.
Deponent also further says that, having been
further interrogated in regard to the losses of
Chorpenning under the curiailment and an-
nulment of his contract, he has, since the state-
ment of March 19, 1870, given the subject a
more detailed investigation, and rhat he now
thinks the loss of animals, rolling-stock, &c.,
with the lossof stations and improvements, and
the cost of opening and improving the road,
together with the debts* unpaid, will not fall
short ol $300,000 ; and that he has good reason
to believe, if the Department had paid Chor-
penning promptly for the service as it was per-
formed, and had permitted him to carry out
the work according to contract as he had been
doing, he would have been as well off pecuni-
arily, if not very rauch better, than he would
be now in receiving the balance due on the
$190,000 pay. Deponent further says—
"That he thinks any business man, familiar with
that country and Chorpenning's situation and long
connection with if, can scarcely fail to see that had
he been permitted to go on with his contract be mubt
almost certainly have realized perhaps some millions
ol dollars."
I he affidavit, of Schell is confirmed by the
oath of Irwin H. Pile, on page 94.
G. Leroy Benford, who was nearly two years
in the employ of Chorpenning on the line
between Salt Lake and Piacerville, says, (pages
96 and 97)—
"That he, deponent, has always fixed the loss to
Chorpenning at from four to five hundred thousand
dollars and has no hesitation in saying that he be-
lieves there were parties in California at that time
that would have given more than that amount of
money for Churpenning's property and position on
the line and in that country; that he think* no prac-
tical business man can fail to see, from the events
iliac, nave since transpired in that country, and in
connection with the mail *<ervicein if, and especially
jhnt same route, that even much more than
U00could, with safety and profit, have been paid
vUorpcnmug for lug interest there. Deponent also
says that he knows well, as docs any one who was
familiar with the line and Chorpenning'^ connection
therewith, that the heavy loss sustained by hun w«>uM
have been avoided and an almost unbounded field
of remunerative operation left opt*n to the con-
tractor had the Department paid him reguhuly and
promptly lor the quarterly service as it was per-
formed, and that he (deponent) believes it no exag-
geration to s iy that Chorpenning could have realized
out of his contract $1,000,000, if not a great deai
more."
RECAPITULATION.
Alloioancex during term of Jiret contract.
Tor pro rata increase of compensation for the in-
creased distance traveled in carrying regular
mails from Sicramento to Salt Lake, via San
Pedro  $13,730 20
For special supply of office at Carson's
Valley  2,225 25
For transpoi tation of the eastern mail over
the direct route from Salt Lake to Cali-
fornia  7,500 Ofl
For transportation ot eastern mail irom
Salt Lake, via San Pedro  52,500 00
Allowances during term of second contract.
For transportation of the e istern mail be-
tween San Diego and Salt Lake, from
1st July. 1854, to 30fh June, 1855   30,000 03
For transportation of the eastern mail be-
tween S in Diego and Salt Lake, between
1st July, 1835, and January, 1857  210.128 93
316,090 43
Deduct allowances heretofore made in
part by Postmaster General Brown  79,072 95
237,017 4S
Allowances during term of third contract.
For damages for curtailment and annul-
ment ot contract  205,993 12.
$443 01  60
Whereupon I, John A. J. Cieswell, Post-
master General of the United States, do hei eby
certify that, in performance of the dut.v enjoined
upon me by the joint, resolution of Congress,
approved July 15, 1870, I have invp.-,i igateif
and adjusted the claims of George Chorpen-
ning under the first section of an act for his
relief, approved March 3, 1857. on the basis
of compensation allowed by said net for the
regular service, and the claim growing out of
the curtailment, and annulment of bis contract
on route No. 12801, on the basis of his agree-
ment with the Postmaster General for the ser-
vice; and that I do hereby award and determine
that there is due and owing to said George
Chorpenning, from the United States, for and
in full satisfaction and discharge of said claims,
the sum of $443,010 60.
As witness inv hand and the seal of the
rT & i P()St Office Department, this 23d day
of December, 1870.
JOHN A. J. C RES WELL,
Fostmader General.
Senators from Georgia.
SPEECH OF HON W. SAULSBURY,
OF DEIjA WAKIC,
In the United States oenate,
January 31, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration the reso-
lution reported by the Committee 'on the Judiciary
in regard to the right to a seat of Joshua Hill as
Senator from Georgia—
Mr. SAULSBURY said:
Mr. President: It is not my intension to
enter to any considerable extent into those
great fundamental principles which underlie
the proper consideration of this whole ques-
tion. I rose yesterday from a sick-bed and
came to the Senate Chamber, hoping that I
should have an opportunity to vote on the
question before the Senate. I was here yes-
terday, and I have been here all day to-day,
with the hope that 1 might have the privilege
of voting oil thw question and then returning
to my home. But. sir, I am a very humble
member of the noble profession of the law,
and I have sludied somewhat the teachings of
its master spirits, i have, in listening to this
