694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
ment. I agree with the Senator from Vermont
that this practice ofdiscussingabill for two or
three days, then laying it aside and taking up
another, is the worst possible economy of time.
I believe that this process wiil cost three or
four days of the valuable time of this session.
Now, sir, the best economy of time is to go on
with one thing and finish it. This discussion,
if proceeded with now, cannot last very long
in the nature of things; but if it is put off
two or three days or a week, it comes up as
something entirely new, and the bill will be
discussed just as long, perhaps, as it would
have been from the first. I submit, therefore,
that it is the best economy of time to go on
and finish this bill, and then perhaps take up
the other and-go on with that.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President 
The VICB^ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri is entitled to the floor. Does
he yield to the Senator from Minnesota?
Mr. SCHUliZ, Yes, sir; I yield to the Sen-
ator from Minnesota.
death 01? senator norton.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, in accord-
ance with the usages of this body, as well as
prompted by my own feelings of personal sor-
row, 1 rise to ask the Senate to unite in the
customary tribute of respect to the memory
of DaxieIj S. Norton, late a Senator of the
United States front the State of Minnesota,
whose untimely death occurred in this .city at
midnight on the 13th day of July last.
In making this motion I am reminded that
this is the first vacancy by deatii among the rep-
resentatives from Minnesota, in either House
of Congress, since the admission of the State
into the Union.
_ The malady to which the physical organiza-
tion and resolute temper of my late colleague
finally succumbed, after a struggle which ex-
tended over the whole period of his connec-
tion with the Senate, was pulmonary consump-
tion; and he seldom participated in the dis
cussions and contentions of this body except
at the hazard of his life and against the earn-
est, remonstrance of his physician.
During the last two years of his senatorial
term he enjoyed the compensation of a happy
home, and his last hourson earth were soothed
by the offices of affection and the consolation
ol religion. He left a wife and one daughter,
to whom he was tenderly and devotedly at-
tached ; but of them, of their affliction and
loss, I will not attempt to speak.
My deceased friend and colleague, Mr. Pres-
ident, was born in the pleasantviTlage of Mount
Vernon, in Ohio, on the 12th day of April,
1829, and was educated at Kenyon College.
At the early age of seventeen years he joined
the second regiment of Ohio volunteers for
service in the war with Mexico; and at the
expiration of his term of enlistment he visited
Central America and California, witnessing the
extraordinary scenes which followed the gold
discovery of 1848. The dizzy excitement of
those days did not, however, divert him from
the plan of life which he had deliberately
chosen the study and practice of the law;
and returning to Mount Vernon, he was soon
admitted to the bar of Knox county, "where he
is still appreciatingly remembered for the dil-
igence and enthusiasm with which he devoted
himself to his profession.
After a few years of practice in Ohio Mr.
Norton removed to Minnesota, and early be-
came identified with the beautiful and rising
city of Winona. His public life in Minnesota
began almost immediately after Ms advent into
the State. Continuously from 1857 to 18G4 he
was a member of the State senate, and during
that elementary period in the history of Min-
nesota he won, in a remarkable degree, the
confidence and affection of her people.
Much of his success as a local legislator was
doubtless attributable to a charm of manner
and a dignified courtesy, which commanded
respect while it secured popular good-will; but
his immediate constituents will bear me witness
that their especial interests while intrusted to
his charge were most ably protected. Still,
there was nothing sectional or selfish in his
public conduct; on the contrary, his views of
affairs were eminently liberal and just. His
counsels assisted in shaping the railroad system
of the State, and to his active and persevering
efforts Minnesota is largely indebted for the
establishment of a State normal school, which
has attained high rank among the leading lit-
erary institutions of the West. The general
appreciation of his merit as a State legislator
brought his name prominently before the peo-
ple in connection with the office of United
States Senator, to which position he was elected
in 1865.
Thus far, Mr. President, there had been a
general accord in the political views enter-
tained by Mr. Norton and myself, but in
this body, as Senators are aware, we were
unable to act in concert upon many questions
of public policy, especially upon the grave
issues which agitated the country and divided
parties in connection with the reconstruction
of the South. But notwithstanding funda-
mental political differences upon those ques-
tions, I am happy to sa}' that on very many
matters we found in this body common ground
for cooperation in promoting the interests of
our constituents and serving the State which
had so highly honored us both, and that the
friendly personal relations which subsisted
between us, and which bad been cemented by
seven years of joint service in the administra-
tion of civil affairs in Minnesota, were never
interrupted. And here at this moment I
rejoice, as I rejoiced while standing with his
wite and daughter at his dying bed and over
his early grave, that no personal event occurred
at any time to mar the harmony of our rela-
tions'or to lead me to doubt in any degree the
sincerity of his motives. I submit the follow-
ing resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate receives with deep
regret the announcement of the death of Daniel
b. Norton, late a member of this body.
Resolved, That the members of the Senate will man-
ifest their respect for the memory of the deceased by
wearing the usual badge of nmurning.
Resolved, Thafctheseproceedingsbecommunicated
to the llouso of Representatives.
Revolved, Th a t as a further mark of respect for the
deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, when I en-
tered the Senate in March, 1868, a stranger to
every member of it but to my then venerable
and distinguished colleague, whom the Senate
afterward^ honored by a unanimous vote of
confirmation to the high position of minister to
one of the mightiest and most refined nations
of Europe, I met Hon. Daniel S. Norton,
a Senator from Minnesota. The celebrated
impeachment trial of President Johnson com-
menced in a few days. My intercourse with
Mr. Norton during that eventful period was
limited, for, sitting in a judicial capacity and
listening to the evidence and to the arguments
of managers and counsel, I had no formal inter-
change of opinions with others. After its con-
clusion my acquaintance with the subject of
this notice was improved, though not to close
intimacy, as there seemed to be, to some
extent, a natural reserve in his demeanor.
Whenever he entered into debate, which was
not frequent, but mostly on grave and import-
ant subjects, I listened to him with interest
and profit. He usually fortified himself with
apposite authoritiesandspoke wth much fervor
and emphasis, laying down his propositions
clearly and definitely, and arguing them out
with eloquence and force. He was decided in
his views and firm and energetic in his pur-
poses. I watched his course with some degree
of solicitude, representing, as he did, a State
whose general political opinions differed from
his own ; but while he maintained his inde-
pendence of thought and action, he was true
to all her local interests. He could not con-
scientiously indorse the principles and policy
of the dominant party while the convictions
of his mind led him to opposite conclusions.
"Modest doubt is called
The beacon of the wise, the tent that searches
To the boCtorn of the worst."
Had he been actuated by considerations of
a selfish or ambitious character he would have
fallen in with the political current of his State.
In this connection I refer to an editorial pub-
lished in a newspaper in his native town after
his decease by a magnanimous political oppo-
nent:
"As a man and citizen his honor and integrity
were always above the breath of suspicion. As a
politician he was not possessed of those arts by which
public mentoo often attain success. His strength
in his political career consisted in capacity to win
and attach to himself a band of earnest, devoted,
and warm personal iriends, who had learned to re-
spcct and love him personally, and who were ready
to cling to his fortunes to the end. And although
political differences may afterward have led those
friends to separate th*-ir political fortunes fr ail his,
yet, be it said to his praise, they still retained both
their personal esteem and respect for him. Strict
personal honesty was another marked trait of his
character. # Although in political life at times when
opportunities for personal profit were open on every
hand, yet he lived and died poor. .
" Dishonesty or corruption, we are sure, never
stained any part of bis public career. This, we
think, was m no instance more clearly illustrated
than in his course in following the political fortunes
of Andrew Johnson, an act which separated him
from his former political associates, and which we,
of course, deem the greatest error of his lite. But
even m this we, although politically opposed to hun,
conecdeto him perfect honesty of purpose. Edu-
cated a silver-gray Whig of the most conservative
school, we believe that his position was taken in
accord'ancewith his personal convictions of right;
and although this act put him in political accord
with an Executive who wielded vast patronage, we
think that the facts show that he never attempted
to avail himself of this for the purposes of self-
aggrandizement. We give utterance to this merited
praise to the deceased all the more cheerfully from
the fact that this separation from the Republican
party compelled us to criticise his political course
in no measured terms. But, having learned to
respect and esteem him, we can join hands with
all and shed a tear over the grave of the trite man
and true friend."
A true and valued friend of the late Senator
Norton", residing in the West, who had ample
opportunities of ascertaining and estimating
his character, has kindly furnished to me the
following statement and tribute:
"Daniel Sheldon Norton, jr., was born in Mount
Yernon, Ohio, in 1829. In 1813, having been thor-
oughly prepared for college under private tuition,
he entered Kenyon. Before completing his colle-
giate course, in the summer of 1846 he enlisted in the
military service of his country in the Mexican war,
and joined the company raised in his native town by
General George W. Morgan. His health not being
robust, some of his friends proposed to take steps for
his discharge from the enlistment, on the ground of
his nonage; but he became so incensed at the sug-
gestion thatthe^ were obliged to desist.
"On the cessation of hostilities, in 1848, ho returned
home much broken in health. In 1849 he commenced
the study of the law with his brother-in-law. Judge
Hurd, of Mount Yernon. In 1850. his health contin-
uing delicate, he determined, against the earnest en-
treaties of his friends, to visit California, and made
the journey across the plains and over the mountains,
most of the distance on a pack-mule. In 1851 ho
returned much improved in health, and resumed the
study of the law. In 1852 he was admitted to the
bar, and commenced the practice at Mount Vernon.
In 1854 lie removed to Minnesota, and finally settled
in Winona, where he engaged actively and success-
fully in the practice of his profession. He was sev-
eral times elected to the house of representatives and
to the senate in his adopted State, and in January,
186-5. was elected a. Senator of the United vStatos.
"He died in Washington July 14,1870. lie was
twice married. Of his family, only a daughter by the
first marriage and the consort of the second survive
him.
"His understanding was clear,strong, and logical.
He was a sound lawyer, a good advocate, an able
and independent statesman. Besides these qualities,
which he shared with many, he was remarkable
for a never-tailing self-reliance and an indomitable
will characteristic of but few. He formed all his
resolutions with a deliberation, and he always exe-
cuted them. His convictions of.duty, as well* in
public as m private life, were clear, and he followed
them resolutely, no matter who approved or who
condemned. He was warm-hearted, generous, and
genial; and fewhave ever been blessed with a larger,
and none with a more disinterested and devoted cir-
cle of personal friends. In all the relations of hus-
band,father, son, brother, and friend, he was faithful,
affectionate, and beloved; and in each a mourner
survives to lameht his early loss."
The deceased was conscious of and alive to
the dignity and dutiesof his distinguished place,
and never forgot, to exercise the amenities of life
