1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
and the courtesies of debate. Although, with
others, he passed through trying and exciting
scenes in his public career calculated to disturb
his equanimity, I never heard him utteraword
disrespectful or disparaging to any member of
this body. While he appeared to be ardent in
lua temperament, he was uniformlyaffable and
kind, and I feel assured that he entertained
a benignant feeling to evefy member of the
Senate.
A few days prior to his demise, at the sug-
gestion of the honorable Senator from New
York, [Mr. Costklik'g,] who expressed the
sentiments and sensibilities of other Senators
in the Chamber, I repaired to the residence of
Mr. Norton. in this city, with the purpose of
communicating to him the feelings of sympa-
thy and condolence, the esteem entertained for
him by his brother Senators, and of their readi-
ness and desire to do anything in their power
that might contribute to alleviate his sufferings,
ameliorate his condition, or gratify his wishes.
His illness prevented a personal interview, but
my message was delivered to one who stood to
him in loco parentis, and who assured me that
it, would be gratefully received and cordially
cherished; that during his sickness he spoke
in kind remembrance of his senatorial breth-
ren, and was gratified whenever informed that
any of thein had made inquiry about his health,
lie passed gradually away, with an affectionate
regard for bis associates in the Senate, and
with no remembrance of the past except such
as a generous and magnanimous mind would
feel for those with whom he had been associ-
ated in the burdens of government in the vital
crises through which his country had passed.
In the summer of 18G8 Mr. Norton was uni-
ted in the most tender and sacred relation to
an interesting lady of my State, and who, in
the spring time and bloom of life, has been
bereaved of a loved and honored companion,
for the Ironors which he wore
"Were purchased by the merit of the wearer."
I read a portion of a letter received from an
endeared friend, who had ample opportunities
of judging and appreciating his character:
"In his marital am] domestic relations he was a
model of gentleness and worth. Under his reseived
manner there was a mine ot the tenderest affections
that filled his home with an atmosphere of warm
and glowing love. The qualities that I am told
eiiaraetei izcd him when but a mere youth, a_3 a sol-
dier, were the traits that distinguished him in after
life. Patient, brave, cool,and self-reliant, the char-
acter of the boy ioreshadowed that of the coming
man. He was very bold, very earnest, and very
sanguine in any course which he adopted, and be
adopted only such as his judgment and conscience
approved, and was true to his convictions, whatever
might he the consequences he encountered. His
mind was singularly free from prejudice or cant.
He was strongest in his candor, his firmness, and his
courage. We admired liis character and loved the
man, and feel his early departure from us to be a
great loss."
His affliction was a long one, variable and
flattering; after a partial improvement, and
at his last and brief visit to the Senate Cham-
ber, his appearance gave some promise of
restored health and usefulness ; but his disease,
of a pulmonary nature, was deceptive in its
symptoms, and fatal in its hold and effect.
Senators, we have had another and solemn
admonition, in the departure of an honored
and respected friend and coadjutor in the af-
fairs of State. While we mourn his loss to us,
to his family, and his country, and endeavor to
do honor to his memory, let the sad event have
its influence upon us, and teach us to be ready
to leave our posts of labor and of duty with-
out regret, when, in the providence of God, we
may be called to a higher than earthly tribunal!
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, it was my
fortune to have known our late associate, Mr.
Norton-, from his early boyhood. His elder
brothers were my companions in school, and
although the six years that divided us is a wide
bridge "in the early years of lile, yet my mti-
mate association with his kindred made me
feel for him on his entrance into the Senate
somewhat of the warm and kindly mteieso
which follows our early friendships to the
grave. Daniel L. Norton, the father of our
late colleague, was one of the early settlers at
Mount Vernon, Ohio. He was a man of great
energy, of genial and social temperament,
engaged in extensive business as a merchant,
a wealthy land owner and farmer, and liberal
and kind to young and old. Senator Norton
had every facility in his education, was, I
think, a graduate of Kenyon College, though
of this I am not certain, as when quite young
hip adventurous disposition led him to enlist
as a soldier in the Mexican war. He subse-
quently studied law and fo.r a time practiced
his profession in his native town as a partner
with his successor, Mr. Windom.' These two
young gentlemen, both natives of Ohio, not
only partners but warm personal friends, find-
ing the field occupied by an able bar of older
lawyers, started together to try their fortunes
in the then new State of Minnesota, where
they subsequently became rivals for the high
position of a member of this Senate.
Mr. Norton was elected in 1865. His his-
tory here is known to us all. in the discussions
which resulted from the close of the war he
followed the conservative tendencies in which
he was bred, and, no doubt, the conscientious
convictions of his own judgment. He was
always amiable, generous, and kindly in his
sympathies, and now, that lie has been sum-
moned by death when younger in years than
nearly all his associates in the Senate, we feel
that he has left among us no bitter memories
and no violent or uncharitable party or per-
sonal enmities. Mr. Norton was diffident and
sensitive, rarely thrusting himself into debate,
lie was warm.and true in his personal attach-
ments, and was far more likely to be misled by
his heart than his head. Death came to him
when, in the crowded closing days of our last
session, the business of the living did not allow us
the usual pause over the grave of an associate;
but the lesson of his death is none the less
impressive to us, as likely as he to be summoned
in a moment to pass through the grave, to the
dim, ghostly shadows of immortal life. The
passage of these resolutions will not affect our
late associate, who is beyond the reach of praise
or blame; but they may soothe the sorrows of
his widow, his only child, and his large circle
of kindred and friends, and they_serve to re-
mind us how frequently death invades this
Senate Chamber and hushes into silence all
the debates and contentions of the living.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, the late
Seng.tor Norton and I were elected to serve
for the same term in the United States Senate,
the term commencing March 4, lSGo, and end-
ing in March, 1871. As I entered the Senate
to take the seat I now occupy I found already
seated on my right a young man but thirty-six
years of age, then recently elected Senator
from Minnesota. His sparkling eye and ruddy
complexion seemed to promise liitn a long
life. The exalted position he had reached at
so early an age seemed to justify the prediction
that bis honors and usefulness would increase
with his years. His friends might well have
felt that there was no object of honorable
ambition which was not within his grasp. On
the last day of the last session that seat before
me was decorated with funereal flowers ; and,
in the discharge of the melancholy duty im-
posed upon me by this body, I followed the
remains of Senator Norton to the tomb.
As the funeral procession, moving from his
home in Washington toward the depot where
the train awaited to convey him to his last
resting-place, reached.a point where this Cap-
itol became visible, I saw, at that very instant,
the flag over the Senate Chamber fall, indicat-
ing the close of the session. The last hours
ofboth had arrived. So I first saw him, so I
last saw him. Here on this spot I met bun.
His life to me commenced and ended here.
Hi§' life and the life of the session ceased
together. But as the acts and deeds of that
session are enduring, and as all who took part
in it will be called to account for that part, so
the death of our lamented friend was bat the
prelude to immortality. But, Mr. President,
it was not the public life of Senator Noaiojr
alone that I had the good fortune to observe.
Although I first met him here in the discharge
of his senatorial duties, our association soon
became intimate, and time ripened it to friend-
ship, wliieh remained unbroken until we laid
him in his grave. I have the misfortune, sir,
to have lost a friend whom I valued and loved.
Under these circumstances, Mr. President,
it seems to me proper that the noble tribute
which has been paid, not only this day in this
Chamber, but by the press and people both
of his native State and the State of his adop-
tion, to Senator Norton, to his incorruptible
integrity as a man, to his purity and patriot-
ism as a politician, to the eloquence, zeal,
and fearlessness with which he discharged all
public duties, should not be repeated by me
in feeble strains; but that I should rather
recall to my own mind, and attempt to recall
to his friends in the Senate, the gentleness of
his heart, the firmness of his friendship, his
lofty and Christian courage as he looked death
day by day in the face, his many social vir-
tues and attractions; for there is a melan-
choly pleasure in recalling the extent of our
loss, in adding it up, and multiplying it; and,
indeed, to some miuds it would almost seem
that the greater the virtues and the nobler the
nature of their lost friends the more satisfac-
tion they derive from a consideration of what
they have lost.
Mr. President, the councils of this nation
have lost a wise and fearless statesman—wise
beyond his years; the State of Minnesota has
lost a Senator who did her honor; we, as
individuals, have lost a companion whom we
prized, a friend whom we loved ; but can any
one estimate the weight of this blow to his
sorrow-stricken widow and his orphan child,
around whose hearts he had entwined himselt,
to whom he was bound by links and ties which
death itself can neither break nor start?
Death is no respecter of persons. It comes
alike to all—
"And comes he morning, evening, night, or noon,
Death, which must come to all, still comes to all too
soon."
In fact, there seems to be in every death some
peculiar reason for sadness. It is always sad
for the surviving mourners, and there seems
always in the surrounding circumstances some
peculiar cause of grief, some cause why this
pain is greater than all other pains, this sor-
row unlike all other sorrows—
"Come to the bridal-chamber. Death 1
Come to the mother's, when she feels,
Tor the first time, her first-born's breath ;
Come when the blessed seals
That close the pestilence are broke.
And crowded cities wail its stroke;
Come in consumption's ghastly form.
The earthquake shock, the ocean storm;
Come when the heart beats high and warm.
With banquct-song, and dance and wine;
And thou art terrible."
A good man may be benefited by death. _ It
is not a subject of dread, and often is an object
desired. It should not be the subject of re-
gret to his friends, so far as he is concerned.
But nature will have us mourn, because, the
scenes that have known him shall know him
no more forever. We mourn our own loss
that we shall no more see the form in which
abode the spirit we loved. We mourn, and
have a right to mourn, because he is dead.
He is gone.
"Quis desiderio sit pudor aut modus
'X'am cari capitis?"
Where are the bright promises of long life
and health, the laughing eye and glowing
cheek of the youngest of the Senators, with
which he deluded his friends when he came to
these balls? Buried with him before he was
forty years of age. By next spring the sod
will bo green on bis grave and the violets wni
perfume the air above tile mound that covers
his iaortal remains.
