1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-EES SIGNAL GLOBE.
81
41st Cong. ...3d Sess.
Senators from Georgia—Mr. Saulsbury.
Senate.
debate, however, almost come to tlie conclu-
sion I hat what I read in the books was not
correct, because, so far as the arguments of
the opponents of the admission of Mr. Hill
are concerned, I have found no principle an-
nounced but what is in contravention of every
principle of law that I ever read in my life,
and the study of which and the ardor for which
in my young manhood fired me to know some-
thing of the sublime teachings of those great
masters.
Sir, on this occasion I feel almost solitary
and alone, as I did on one previous occasion
when 1 announced in the presence of the Sen-
ate and of the spectators, after a long debate
between the members of the opposition as to
who was the best friend of the negro, that the
poor white man had one friend. Born a
Methodist, at present an Episcopalian, I feel
very much now in need of a Catholic priest to
grant me absolution ; but I am not familiar
enough with the tenets of that church to know
whether absolution can be granted before or
after the act. If I knew it could be granted
before, I should seek the kindly offices of such
a divine agency of Heaven, because I am going
to do an act which is illogical from the prem-
ises which I have always advocated. I am
going to vote for the admission of Mr. Hill ;
but I am embarrassed by the arguments made
in his support.
The chairman of the Judiciary Committee
bases his suppoit of the right of Mr. Hill to a
seat upon this floor, on the ground that he was
elected according to the reconstruction acts
of Congress. Sir, I have held from the be-
ginning, as I now hold, every act which you
call a reconstruction act, passed by any Con-
gress, this or any other, absolutely null and
void, as having no sanction of authority under
the Constitution of the United States. There-
fore I cannot vote for the admission of Mr.
Hill upon any such ground ; and if I should
vote for him on such an argument I should
have to invoke the kind agency of a priest to
absolve me.
I am met on the otherhand by the argument
that he is entitled to admission on this floor
because his election was not in conformity
with those acts. I suppose, in that view of the
case, I should not need the kmdiy offices of
any good priest; but 1 could vote to exclude
him if 1 allowed the principle to govern me
that those acts were constitutional and valid.
Mr. President, there is more in this question
than has been presented. I dismiss, therefore,
the very able and ingenious argument of the
chairman ofi.be Judiciary Committee, and those
who have supported Mr. Hill's pretensions to
a seat upon this floor on the ground that his
election was in conformity to the reconstruction
acts. I could not vote for it on that ground
without stultifying myself. IIow, then, do I
rid myself of the objection to Mr. Hill's admis-
sion, based upon the fact that his election was
not in conformity with those acts? Upon the
very same principle: those acts are null and
void ; and I leave out, the whole question
■whether Mr. Hill is entitled to his seat under
or contrary to your reconstruction acts.
Who gave you the right to reconstruct the
State of Georgia? Who made this little agency
of the States a power to take within its grasp
its makers? Whogives the powerto the agency
which God Almighty makes, to dethrone Him
and say He shall no more rule on high ? The
power of the devil, and no other power. And
who gives to you, the Congress of the United
States, the creature of the States, the power
to determine the right of a member to a seat
on this floor because it is conformable or non-
conformable to your reconstruction laws? The
same power; the power of the devil.
I do not advocate the claim of Mr. Hill to
a seat upon this floor either upon the ground
that his election was conformable to or that it
was contrary to your reconstruction acts, but
because (procul este prof anil) I have nothing
to do with your reconstruction acts in the con-
sideration of a great fundamental principle that
underlies all government, and which peculiarly
underlies the question now before the Senate
of the United States.
What is Congress ? It is composed of men
who strut their few brief hours upon this stage.
But when properly considered, however emi-
nent for their services to their country, how-
ever lofty their intellect, however worthy the
admiration of mankind, either by heroic deeds
upon the field or civil service in the council
chamber, who are they ? The representatives
of the people. But who are "the people"
within the meaning of the Constitution of the
United States, and according to the funda-
mental principle that underlies our whole
complex system of government, Federal and
State? They are the people of the several
States, the people of the several States united,
it is true, for a specified purpose. That is all
you are; and while you assume in the majesty
of your supposed power to be the represent-
atives of the people, there is a master behind
you all, greater than you all, and that is, not
the people of the United States of America,
butt.he people of the several States.
Why do i stand here to-day? Whom do I
represent? Do I represent the people of the
United States? I call for my commission.
Let it be read; and there you will find who
commissioned me. The State of Delaware,
in its sovereign capacity, sent me here to
confer with you, representatives from other
States. 1 stand upou this floor to-day, not a
representative of the people of the United
States, but a representative of that gallant,
noble little State, which a gentleman on this
floor, whom I do not now see in his seat, and
for whom I have certainly no unkind feelings,
once proposed, when he was Secretary of
War, to blot ont and hitch on to the Pan-
handle of West Virginia or some other place.
[Laughter.] I look at my smiling friend from
New York, [Mr. Conklixg,] whom the ladies
from the galleries all look down upon and ad-
mire on account of his good looks and cuiling
hair. 1 suppose, [laughter,] but who possesses
qualities which attract men more than do tliose
prepossessing personal characteristics to which
I have referred. The two Senators from Dela-
ware come here, and they meet the represent-
atives from the great State of New York.
Why? Because we are all representatives of
the people of the United States? Notatall.
I have heard men on this floor talk about, their
constituents. I never had any. I never was
a member of the other House, and never had
a constituent in my life. I never was a mem-
ber of any Legislature except this, and I have
no constituent. I come here to represent the
sovereignty of the little State of Delaware,
which is equal in magnitude, according to the
Constitution and Government of our country,
with the great State of New York, although
the pepper and salt are making some marks
upon my head and the Senator from New
Y'ork still wears his curling and flowing locks.
[Laughter.]
The whole theory of your legislation, there-
fore, is builtupon a false system. It is that the
judgment of the people of the United States
is an aggregate judgment. I deny that prop-
osition. It is not so. The people of the Uni-
ted States by their aggregate judgment control
nothing, according to the fundamental princi-
ple of our Government. Else why do my friend
from Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] and his col-
league, and I and my colleague, and gentlemen
from the smaller States have an equal voice
here with the representatives of much larger
States? Vox populi is not the law according
to the theory of our Government, but its law
speaks for itself; and when we go to look what
that law is, v/e must look in that fundamental
charter which our fathers made. I believe
that in the case of New York some of her
representatives retired and did not agree to
it. I am happy to say that the Stale of Dela-
ware was the first to agree to it.. Perhaps she
saw her advantage in so doing, that she might
obtain advantage of the Yankee in that respect.
Considering the relation of that proposition
to that which is now before the Senate, let us
inquire whether Mr. Hill is entitled to his seat
or not,. If I am to vote upon his admission
into this body because his election is conform-
able to the reconstruction acts, I shall vote
against him. If I am to vote against him be-
cause his election is non-conformable to thos9
acts, I beg to be excused from voting. Geor-
gia stands in a peculiar position, and I desire
now to make some suggestions that will wake
up, I have no doubt, some pleasing reminis-
cences of the past, upon which my Republican
friends can meditate.
You have lately had unveiled a bust of him
whom you call the sainted Lincoln. I believe
my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter]
made a most eloquent speech upon that occa-
sion. The chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee also talked to his countrymen about the
virtues and the patriotism of that gentleman.
I have nothing to say with reference to him.
lie lies in his grave. Whatever my opinion
may have been of the man when alive, he ia
dead and in his grave, and there let him rest;
but may God Almighty never send such a
ruler again upon the American people!
I know I shall be charged with deep dis-
loyalty for uttering this sentiment. Sir, the
charge of disloyalty is not new to me. I have
been accustomed to it for the last ten years.
Sir, I may not live to see it; I may lie cold in
sleep in the grave; but after 1872, when the
Democratic party come into power, as they
will do, I have no doubt my eloquent and cher-
ished friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
will be found speaking of the fidelity of those
men who, in the face of forts and bastiles and
the threatenings of power, stood defiant and
upright in vindication of constitutional liberty.
Mark Twain says that when in his journeyingtj
to Jerusalem he came to the grave of Adam
he wept over it as the grave of a near relative.
Probably my friend from Massachusetts will
then he mourning over my grave as that of  ■
near relative. [Laughter.]
Mr. President-, 1 refer to Abraham Lincoln
simply for the purpose of making one remark.
I see my friend from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] is
paying attention ; I know how intimate he was
in the councils of Mr. Lincoln, and if I mis-
state the fact, he of all men in this body is best
prepared to contradict me. In the dispatch
which Mr. Seward wrote to Mr. Dayton after
what you call the rebellion commenced he
said that all that the southern people had to
do was to lay down their arms, and their rep-
resentatives would be admitted to their seats
in Congress. That was the doctrine of Mr.
Seward; and being Mr. Lincoln's Foreign
minister, I suppose he spoke by authority of
the President. My friend from Massachusetts
has been lately whitewashing the memory of
some of those sainted patriots in his estima-
tion, but who are not considered patriots in
the estimation of many people, and he can cor-
x-ect me if I misstate a historical fact. Did
not Mr. Seward 'say in that dispatch that of
all the Governments in the world the Ameri-
can Government was the least fitted to sup-
press an uprising against its authority? Did
he not say further that there was no disposi-
tion on the part of the Government to subju-
gate the States? Did he not say further that
all the southern people had to do was to lay
down their arms and their representatives could
resume their seats in the legislative halls? Was
the idea then broached, was it the doctrine of
