696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 24,
Where are the bright promises that flattered
us with hope, that be who at the age of thirty-
six bad been distinguished as a soldier, trav-
eler, lawyer, State and United States Senator,
would realize the summit of a noble ambition,
might live to make a lasting and permanent
impression on the history of his race, and be
remembered through all future time as one of
the great benefactors of mankind ? They are
all buried in his untimely grave. So speaks
the voice of affection! So would a parent
mourn over the extinguishment of his hopes
and the downfall of bis earthly ambition for
his child. But, Mr. President, we are told by
authority to which we must ail bow that the
hand that struck this blow " doeth all things
well;" that the time, the manner, and the
circumstance of our friend's death was in
accordance with the will of God, and this
should be enough to satisfy us. To an un-
erring eye, which can see clearly, we who see
through a glass darkly must look np. And
even to our limited vision there is this comfort
given: the recollection that our lost friend
looked calmly and complacently on death. He
spoke to his intimate friends frequently of its
speedy and certain approach.
But although he awaited the fatal moment
calmly and courageously he did not desire to
die; life was full of love and hope to him ;
he had too much to live for to desire death;
he had too much that he loved to separate
from to desire to embark on this journey.
Standing now, as it were, over the grave of
one whose life wa3 as short as it was distin-
guished and beautiful, looking on his tomb as
the tomb of one of the great and pure men
whom our country has lost and mourns, here,
in the presence of the American Senate, I am
reminded of Addison, as he walked by him-
self in Westminster Abbey, where lie says:
" The gloominess of the place and the use to which
it is applied, with the solemnity of the building unci
the condition of the people who lie in it, are apt to
fill tlio mind with a kind of melancholy or rather
thonghtfulness which is not disagreeable.
When I look upon the tombs of the great every
emotion of envy dies in mo: when I read the epi-
taphs of the beautiful every inordinate desire goes
out; when 1 moot with the Brief of parents upon a
tombstone my heart melts with compassion; when
1 see the tomb of the parents themselves I consider
the vanity of grieving for those whom we must
quickly follow.
"When X see kings lying by those who deposed
them, when 1 consider rival wits placed sido byside,
oi the holy men that divided the world with their
contests and disputes, I reflect with sorrow and
astonishment on the little competitions, factions, and
debates of mankind.
'* When X read the several dates of the tombs of
some that died yesterday, and some six hundred
years ago, I consider that great day when we shall
all of us be contemporaries and make our appear-
ance together."
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, with theSen-
ators who have preceded me, 1 join in mourn-
ing the death of Daniel S. Norton, of Minne-
sota. He was among the first to greet my
entrance into this body two short years ago,
and during the term of our joint service here
our acquaintance grew into a kindly regard
that soon expanded into friendship. Mr. Nor-
ton possessed undoubtedly those high qual-
ities of heart and brain that dignify and adorn
humanity. I behove it would have been im-
possible for any one to have known him inti-
mately without loving and respecting him, and
even the desolating effects which party politics
is so apt to bring in its train could not deprive
his personal characteristics of their natural
force nor lessen the good-will and respect
which were entertained for him by his political
opponents. Before his grave we now all bow in
sorrow; the conflicts and animosities of active
daily life are rebuked and hushed into silence
in the presence of the solemn thoughts that
rhould and do attend the last parting with our
brother. He has gone, butnothing can bereave
him of the results of an honest and an honor-
able life.
Mr. THURMAN: Mr. President, after
what has been so well said in commemoration
of the virtues of the deceased, anything fur-
ther might seem superfluous. But the intimate
friendship that existed between him and me
and the high estimate I formed of his charac-
ter will justify the brief remarks I shall make. I
believe that I have never known a man who was
governed in his conduct by nobler sentiments
than was Mr. Norton". I never knew him to
do ail unworthy act, I never heard him utter
an unworthy sentiment. He was a man of the
purest integrity, and, in the truest sense of the
term, a man of honor. He was a brave map,
too, physically and morally. What he be-
lieved to be right be never hesitated to advo-
cate or defend; what he believed to be wrong
no consideration could make him support.
Happy in the society of his accomplished
and affectionate wife, his interesting and beau-
tiful child, and the circle of warm friends
to whom he was endeared, he wished to live,
but he did not fear to die. The last time he
set foot in this Chamber I entered it with
him. His health seemed to me improved, and
I congratulated him upon it. In the calm-
est tone possible, sad, but without the least
affectation, he replied, "You are mistaken,
Tiujbman, my time has come; I have but a
few weeks to live." He uttered these words
with the most perfect composure, not as one
indifferent to life or death, but as a philoso-
pher, who sees the great change approach
with wise resignation.
Such was our deceased brother. We may
see men more learned or brilliant than he ; we
shall see no one more worthy of our affection
or respect.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed
to; and (at four o'clock and fourteen minutes
p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 24, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J". Gr. Boiler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
DISTRICT COURTS OF ALABAMA.
Mr. BUCK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2853) in relation to
the district courts of the United States in the
State of Alabama ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
diplomatic and consular service.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2854) to amend an act
entitled " An act to regulate the diplomatic
and consular system of the United States,"
approved August 18, 1856 ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
order of business.
Mr. KELSEY and Mr. ALLISON called
for the regular order of business.
Mr. ORTH. I ask leave of the House for
a few minutes to make an explanation some-
what personal to myself.
Mr. SWANN. I desire a few minutes also.
No objection was made ; and leave was ac-
cordingly granted.
san domingo.
Mr. ORTH. During the debate on the San
Domingo resolution on the 10th of this month
certain remarks were made by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cox,] which I ask the
Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Can we not have the orders given to our vessels
now in the service of Baez. and being used by him
to terrorizo the opponents of annexation and para-
lyze ith honest friends, or peruse the list of the grants
of lands, mines, franchises, colonization privileges,
debts, &c„ attached to the treaty in the State Depart-
ment, if you can get hold of it? Can my friend
from Indian.i, tell me whether that list was sent in
yesterday with the report? I venture to say not.
W-uythit, ostentatious pretense of seeking inform-
ation which is already had and obtained s ay, perhaps
in the report not yet printed ?
" Y"ou are anxious to know what is the debt of the
Government, adjusted, unadjusted, or under discus-
sion. Why do you not call in Fa,bens, who is here,
and General Babcock, who was directed to obtain
this information last summer? Has the debt grown
since, and why, and is that the reason for a new cal!
for it? Why did not the Executive, from which this
information is to be had on Domingo, answer the
resolution of last session, asking for a. list of the
grantees, grants, debts, and creditors? There is such
a list attached to the treaty: ay, and it was one©
or twice called for, but somehow never sent to the
Senate I
"Mr. Beck. I desire to ask my friend from New
York one question. Could any one have withdrawn
that paper which was annexed to the treaty except
the President or some one by his authority ?
"Mr. Cox. I have no knowledge of that f but i do
affirm, because I learned it at the death-bed of a
man who saw it, that that list of debts and franchises
was annexed to the treaty, and he copied th< m ; and
they never went to the Senate of the United States }
and now, as my colleague [Mr. Wood] says, if we get
the island, we get the shell, with the oyster out and
the pearl also. And yet we Democrats arc to bo
dragooned, on account of our old policy of manifest
destiny and territorial expansion, into voting ior
this most exceptional measure.
"Mr. Beck, Could they be withdrawn except by
the President or some one by his authority?
"Mr. Cox. I do not know how things can be done
under this present Administration. God only knows
how this Administration is conducted in its arcana,
its secret recesses. It is run by aid-de-camps and
military people, who even come to the floor of this
House for the purpose of assisting us in our legisla-
tion. Does the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Orth]
know whether this list is attached to the treaty?
Has he read the report sent in last evening?
"Mr. Orth. Does the gentleman wish an answer
now?
"Mr. Cox.^ Not if it comes out of my time. The
gentleman will have an opportunity to answer here-
after.
"Why was this list not sent? Is it any larger
now; and, if so, who besides the names on the fur-
tive list iiave since been added to it as Dominican
bondholders? How much has the Anglo-Dominican
debt been increased ?"
Mr. ORTH. The House will observe that
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox] 
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
The SPKAICER. Thegentleman wMl state it.
Mr. WOOD. -I have no desire to interfere
with my friend from Indiana [Mr. Orth] in
making here a proper legitimate personal ex-
planation. If there is anything personal to
himself which he desires to explain, I for one
will not object. But if he rises here merely
to defend the Administration and to make a
political speech, I do interpose an objection,
for I do not think it is right.
Mr. ORTH. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] must be endowed with pres-
cience—which I presume he is not—to know
now what I am going to say. I asked the con-
sent of the House to make an explanation
somewhat personal to the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] and to myself, arising
out of the discussion on the San Domingo
resolution. The House has given its consent,
and I will not trespass upon its patience or its
valuable time by making what the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] is pleased to des-
ignate as a political speech.
Mr. WOOD. My only object is to draw the
attention of the House to the fact that there
has been an abuse of this privilege of making
personal explanations. Gentlemen are in the
habit of rising here and discussing every sub-
ject, under the pretense of making personal
explanations.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has admonished
the House on the point raised by the gentleman
from New York ; but he trusts to the discretion
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Orth,]
who understands the rules of the House, that
the privilge will not in this case be abused.
Mr. ORTH. In answer to the last sugges-
tion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
WooD,]perinit me to saythat this is.1 bflieve,
the first time during my service in this House
that I have asked this courtesy; and in avail-
ing myself of it I shall not follow the example
which has been set by some members of the
House, and probably by the gentleman from
New York, in going outside of what may be
justified by the rules of the House.
I was about to remark that this is a very
