1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Senators from Georgia—Mr. Saulsbury.
Senate.
lions of the future. What are those trusts?
The great fundamental, cardinal trust with
which you have been endowed by the fathers
that framed this Government is to transmit
it unimpaired to your posterity as they handed
it down to you. What did they mean? What
did those great, noble, God-like men meet iu
Independence Hall for on the 4th of July,
1776? To establish permanently, in a written
Constitution, the principles upon which a free
Government should rest; not a mere rough
instrument which every political demagogue
might slice and slice, and. do what he pleased
with. They declared they were making a Gov-
ernment for themselves and their posterity for-
ever, and they hedged around by every means
that the wit of man could suggest, the rights
of the States and the rights of the people. _
They gave to the Federal Govern ment, which
they organized as a common agency, but few
and very limited powers. Those powers were
confined chiefly to the questions of war and
peace ; the question of finance, so far as was
necessary to support the General Government;
as Mr. Madison says, the question of taxation,
not that you could tax the people for any other
purposes than those mentioned in the Consti-
tution ; to regulate commerce between this Gov-
ernment and foreign Governments, and among
the States. But, sir, I presume it would be
unparliamentary to quote the views ot Mr.
Madison and Mr. Hamilton and the founders
of this Government, because they are found in
an old rusty book which few men now read,
while a great many read Uncle Tom's Cabin.
The Federalist has become almost as unpopu-
lar as the Bible. A great manv people talk
about it, but very few read it. 15ut, sir, I ap-
peal to history. As a celebrated orator once
said in another forum, "Tell me, thou rever-
end chronicler of the grave, what does history
teach?" It tells you that war and peace, Fed-
eral finances, and the regulation of commerce
were the main powers to be confided by the
States in the Federal Government. What else
does it tell you ? Everything that related^ to
the internal government of a State, everything
that related to the well being of the people of
a State, that was not by their delegates there
and then granted to the Federal Government,
was reserved either to the States or to the
people.
1 might stop and ask again, where, under
the power to regulate war and peace, which
certainly referred to war and peace between
this and foreign nations; where, under the
power conferred upon you as to the right of
taxation ; where, under the power referring to
commerce, do you find power to reconstruct
a State? There have arisen in these days
many philosophers; wise men. It is a won-
der that the queen of Sheba, buried thousands
of years ago, has not become restive in her
grave. Men have come to the city of Wash-
ington to learn, not the wisdom of Solomon,
but of those who are greater than Solomon,
the Republican legislators of the present day.
[Laughter.] The queen of Sheba saw Solo-
mon, and her eyes were dazzled beyond wnat
she expected; but if she had only seen you
Republicans in your glory, with all your great
wisdom, surpassing that man who, the good
Book said, %vas not only the wisest man that
lived in his day, but should be the wisest man
that ever lived, the poor old woman's eyes
would have become dim ; she would have had
to draw a veil, and ask her servants to hide
her from the presence of so august an assem-
blage as the Black Republicans assembled in
the Congress of the United States. [Laughter.]
My friends laugh, sir. This is no laughing
matter. Solomon, while he did live, while he
was a great king, while he commanded the
wisdom of ages, and while he was the ser-
vant of God, commanded, and justly, too, the
admiration of the world. Why do not you?
Are not you the all-godly party, the all-moral-
ity party, the political saints, passing resolu-
tions, first, in the language of the forefathers
of my friend from Massachusetts, that the Lord
hath given the earth to .his saints, and, second,
therefore resolved, that we are the saints? Are
not you the saints? Of course you are. There
is only one thing you lack; and if you had that
your title would be complete, i; ou say that
of yourselves, but nobody else_ says it of you.
Those on the outskirts of civilization, in Eng-
land and France — poor old France 1 — and
other barbarian nations like them, if they .be-
lieved what you said, would come here, like
the queen of Sheba, to see all the wisdom that
you have. But unfortunately, while you pro-
claim your wisdom, you do certain acts, and
they see whether those acts comport with wis-
dom or not, and they form their ovvxi judgment,
and that judgment is going to be just what the
judgment of the American people will be in
1872—you have been weighed in the balances
and found wanting. You said, " Lord, Lord,
have we not prophesied in Thy name; in Thy
name have we not cast out devils?" But the
American people will say to you, " Depart,
depart; we know you not." [Laughter.]
But, sir, they'will say that to you in charity;
the same spirit of charity which was displayed
in what was said of that source from which
you get your principles. When that was said
to the wicked who were going to perdition He
did not want to tell them all their transgres-
sions. And so the American people will say
to you, without recapitulating to you all your
heinous transgressions, how you arrested and
imprisoned citizens against the Constitution of
the United States, without warrant, and tried
them without jury; how you ignored^ every
principle of what my learned friend before me
[Mr. Pratt] knows to be the "due process of
law;" how you acted without the finding of a
grand jury, the trial by petit jury, and the
judgment of a court. You have done all these
things; and while the people of the United
States will recollect them in charity they will
throw a veil over your transgressions. They
have suffered enough by you, .and therefore
they will say to you as is said to the eternally
damned—I hope you will not be eternally
damned, but if you do not repent I am very
much afraid you will be—" Depart from me; I
know you not."
But, sir, I come back to the question; and
if I am a little discursive in these remarks it
is simply because I did not intend to speak
at all to-day; but I saw that my friend from
Nevada intended to have another day's talk
about this question, and I thought I would
supplement him a little as to this day and give
him a fresh start for the morning. [Laughter.]
"A lean dog for a long chase." He is good
for a whole day il you will give him, a start,
and if you adjourn at any early hour he will
keep it up for a week. [Laughter.] I,knew
we could not get a vote to-day and can get no
vote to-night; and therefore I thought if the
Senate would have patience to listen to me I
would allow him to have a fresh start in the
morning, so that he may tell us a little ^more
about the law that governs this case. There-
fore 1 know that, even my friend from Nevada,
when he understands the kind motive which
prompts my action, will appreciate it as an act
of personal friendship and no act of utikind-
ness to him. I want to give him a fresh start
in the morning, so that he can go on pretty
much all day to-morrow. [Laughter.]
I believe the poet has said:
"Hope springs eternal in the human breast;
Man never is, but always to bo blest.
But. sir, in attempting to discuss this ques-
tion in a desultory manner, without any prep-
aration and without any previous idea of speak-
ing on the question at all, it occurred to me to
inquire .where did you get your power to recon-
struct a State? There is a distinguished gen-
tleman, a member,of this body, whom I do not
now.see in his seat,,and for whom 1 have great
personal regard, hut whose State, from the
present indications, will take care of him when
his term has expired, who has advanced the
principle that this power was derived from the
provision of the Constitution that the United
States shall guaranty to every State a repub-
lican form .of government. There is the great -
principle from which you, members of the bar,
lawyers of distinction in your profession, get
the right, a3 you suppose, to pass yo^r recon-
struction acts and to decide whether Mr. Hill •
has a right to sit here or not 1
"The United States shall guaranty to every
State in this Union a republican form of gov-
ernment." x\re you the United States? Iknow
there is an impression that you may execute
powers which are not otherwise provided for.
Sir, I was brought up in a plain country town
and .practiced my profession there. I think I
studied under too good a preceptor not to
know, if I had sought the meaning of the
words, who was guarantor and who was guar-
antee. " The United States shall guaranty."
Suppose there is nobody who wants that guar-
antee, what becomes of the office of the guar-
antor? Suppose I put my note in a bank
and the bank says it does not want anybody
to guaranty it, what then? There is a great
question that has often occurred to me. Sup-
pose a Sta^e says she does not want your guar-
antee of a republican form of government, who
is the party that has the right to say that that
State shall be guarantied it? I know not, and
I submit to the legal gentlemen of the body
that it is a difficulty that will stagger the legal
mind. Suppose the State of North Carolina
says to you that she does not want a repub-
lican form of government; suppose, for the
sake of the argument, that'her people unani-
mously say so. The Constitution says that the
United States shall guaranty to the State of
North Carolina a republican form of govern-
ment, and all the people in the State, who
constitute the State, say that they do not want
your guarantee. Iam not going to argue the
question of secession ; but 1 suggest that ques-
tion to thoughtful legal minds ; what will they
do with it ? I shall be very much obliged if,
sometime at a leisure moment, any lawyer will
tell me what becomes of that provision of the
Constitution. Are you not driven back upon
that recognized doctrine which I say was recog-
nized for the first twenty years of this Govern-
ment, that a State had a right to secede ?
It may be that some - newspaper scribbler
may say I am a secessionist because I am
suggesting a legal question to legal minds. _ I
do not know, sir, whether your habits of life
or habits of thought have led you to deeply
study the principles of law, but I know that
Mr. Jefferson offered the Attorney Generalship
of the United States to a man who distinctly
and broadly laid down the doctrine in the first
treatise that was ever written upon the Consti-
tution of the United States, that a State had the
right to secede, and that there was no power
in the General Government to coerce it. Thar,
was the recognized doctrine of this country for
the first twenty years of its existence. But
the same commentator, when he announced
the principle, warned his countrymen against
ever attempting the exercise of such a?power,
as I, in my humble sphere, warned my fellow-
citizens. By no act or word did I ever en-
courage the exercise of such, a power, real or
presumptive.
; But, sir, it shows how nice are the lines
dividing Federal and State authority, and
it is for that reason that I cite it.^ As for
I those southern men who after thfiir St&tss had
