1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1523
Mr. COX. Not more than in this House ef
Representatives, and the gentleman knows it.
[Here the hamnlfer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I move to close debate on
the pending paragraph.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 78, noes 45.
The question recurred on the motion to
strike out the pending paragraph.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For contingencies of the Army, to enable the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to settle the accounts of dis-
bursing officers for expenditures already made, a
transfer of other balances on the books of the Treas-
ury to this account is hereby authorized to the amount
of $150,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to strike ont "fifty,"
so as to allow it to stand at $100,000. I offer
the amendment for the purpose of saying a word
upon the question that has just been spoken
of by tlie gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] and my colleague from California.
The action of the Democratic Governor of the
State of California has been run here day after
day for the last week. 1 do not propose to
defend that Governor or his action, but I sim-
ply desire to state the case as it was and there
leave it. If I should undertake to defend him,
the probability is that my motives would be
misconstrued ; therefore I shall undertake no
such thing.
The fourth section of the fourth article of the
Constitution of the United States authorizes
the Governor of the State, when the Legisla-
ture cannot be convened, to call upon the
President of the United States, and authorizes
him to comply with the call and use the Army
to suppress violence.
Mr. SARGENT. I understand that there
was none existing at tlie time.
Mr. JOHNSON. There was none there, as
a matter of course, and I do not pretend that
the gentleman had authority at that time, under
the Constitution, for that instrument is a limit-
ation only on the powers of the President.
Neither do I apprehend that the President had
the right to order the aid he asked for; neither
<3o X believe that the Secretary of War had
authority to issue the order that he did issue
by request. Our Governor telegraphed the
President, Andrew Johnson, and he, not know-
ing the facts, not knowing whether there was
violence there or not, and not knowing whether
the Legislature could be convened or not, sim-
ply indorsed upon that request an order to the
Secretary of War that he should take such
action in -the matter as the laws and the Con-
stitution of the United States would warrant.
The Secretary of War (Mr. Schofield was Sec-
retary of War at that time) not being so Demo-
cratic in his antecedents, immediately issued
an order to General Halleck, then commanding
the Pacific coast division, to take such measures
as in his judgment were necessary to quell such
violence as might arise on the election day;
and in accordance with that order General
Halleck issued an order that my colleague had
read the other day. Now, as a matter of fact,
that order fell still-born, so faras the army was
concerned. It was only intended to have effect
in case violence did actually arise. It is true
the order was carried out so far as the naval
vessels were concerned, but so far as the Army
was concerned it was never carried out, for
there was no violence. There was no reason
In the mind of any sane man to believe that
there would be any violence from Democrats.
The Governor of the State committed an
error in making this request, and his error
was in this: there was not a single man in
the State of California who knew anything
about the condition of affairs who believed that
anyviolence would be committed on election
day, except may be by Republicans, against
whom Democrats can always protect them-
selves. But the Republican newspapers of the
city of San Francisco teemed with cautions,
that violence would be used, and pretended to
lje riaimed because the " Grant Invincibles,"
a formidable organization in that city, threat-
ened to use violence on that day. The Bul-
letin and the Alta Republican, newspapers in
San Francisco, urged on the Governor to make
this call, and, in conformity with theirrequest,
he asked the President of the United States to
grant him the use of the Army. Therein l>e
erred, as every man will who yields to Repub-
lican requests or to Republican dictation.
[Laughter.] I do not believe that the Gov-
ernor of California has erred in anything more
than that. I Bfelieve that every man who yields
to the dictates of Republican organs or Repub-
lican politicians will commit the same error
that our Governor committed. That is all I
wish to say.
Mr. ROOTS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, merely for the purpose of stating a single
fact. Since the gentleman from New York
has alluded to the alleged frauds in Arkansas
carried on by Republican officials, I wish to
call his attention to the fact that every member
from that State upon this floor, the Republic-
anism of some of whom cannot be doubted,
is anxious for the fullest examination of those
alleged frauds and corruptions. Furthermore,
I especially recommend to his attention the
fact that those who are Charged with being tlie
leaders in and originators of these frauds not
only served their apprenticeship, but acquired
all the proficiency that they have in that line
by years of service in securing majorities in
the Democratic party. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. Before the gentleman
takes his seat I desire to ask him which wing
of the Republican party in Arkansas he thinks
can cheat most? [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. The Democratic side.
Mr. ROOTS. We have never tried to excel
each other on that; I am only speaking of the
facts.
Mr. RANDALL. The struggle is between
two wings of the Republican party.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
To pay fees of attorneys at law employed by the
War Department; expenses of suits incurred pre-
vious to aet of June 22, 1870, creating Department
of Justice; the costs and charges ofbratc peniten-
tiaries; the care and maintenance of United States
military convictsconfined in them ; thepayofdetect-
ives and scouts, and for compensation of provost
marshals employed by the Secretary of War in 1862,
the appropriation for the fiscal year 1809 and 1870
having been exhausted, $25,000.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move, pro forma,
to strike out this paragraph, for the purpose
of yielding to the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] to make some remarks.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire but a minute or two.
I wish to refer to some remarks that have
been made in regard to the use of the Army.
I do not know Upon what the statement was
founded that has been made here in the House,
pro and con ; but I desire to say this,_ that the
presumption at least is that the President has
not used the Army or the Navy, or any power
in his hands, beyond what the law has author-
ized him to do. And I will say, too, that the way
I understand the law it does not give the Pres-
ident any right to send the Army or the Navy
into the States in time of peace in order to exe-
cute the civil law, except upon the request of the
Legislature of the State, or of the Governor in
the absence of the Legislature. In saying that
I give it as my opinion of the law, and I do
not believe that law has been violated by the
present President of the United States. He
may have sent troops to some forts and to some
places where he had a right to order them to
be sent, but I do not believe he has done so
with any intention to violate any law. If he
has, then I say he has done wrong.
But 1 rose principally to say this; there is a
proposition now before a committee of this
House which I think would settle this ques-
tion entirely, I hear every day gentlemen upon
this floor demanding that, justice shall be done
to their towns, their cities, their districts, or
their States, I have never done that. I have
never demanded that justice should be done
to my State. But I say to members upon this
floor, both Republican and Democratic, that
while they are talking about constitutional lib-
erty, while they are talking about violations of
the law, there is a committee of yojar House to-
day holding a bill in its pocket, an apportion-
ment bill, that would give to the people of the
Northwest the representation on this floor to
which they are entitled under the Constitution ;
and both the Republicans and Democrats put
their feet on that principle of the Constitution,
and our people are denied on this floor the
representation to which, from their numerical
strength, they are entitled under the Constitu-
tion. Now, I say to this House, I demand it
here for my constituents, that the committees
of this House should do justice to our section
as well as to other sections before you talk
about violations of the Constitution.
Mr. KELLEY. Are we now engaged in
general debate?
Mr. LOGAN. I am engaged in general
debate; I do not know whether anybody else
is or not. However, I have said all I desire
to say.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I withdraw my motion
to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. GR1SWOLD. I make a point of order
on that portion of this paragraph which pro-
poses to make an appropriation to pay "fees
of attorneys at law employed by the War De-
partment" as being unauthorized by existing
law.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is made
too late; the paragraph has been discussed.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Then I move to amend
the paragraph by striking out the words " fees
of attorneys at law employed by the War De-
partment." As I understand, the War Depart-
ment has been in the habit of employing attor-
neys at extravagant prices to defend some of
the acts of its officers. I know of one case that
came under my own observation where extrava-
gant prices were paid to attorneys employed
by the War Department to defend an officer
who was guilty of assault and battery and
false imprisonment of a citizen, without any
authority from the President or any mem-
ber of the Cabinet, and without any author-
ity of law. Now, we do not know anything
about what fees are to be paid, or what cases
they are to be paid in. I submit to the House
that we ought to know the cases for which we
are called upon to pay these large fees, so that
we may decide whether the charges are such
as the Government ought to pay, or whether
these attorneys were merely the counsel for
individuals, the Government having nothing
to^Jowith their employment. I submit we
ought not to vote by guess upon cases of this
kind.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I called upon the War
Department in person in regard to this item ;
and I found that prior to the passage of the
act establishing the Department of Justice
the War Department liad employed counsel,
and that the sum asked for in the deficiency
estimates incorporated in this bill was neces-
sary to pay the fees of those counsel.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Will the gentleman tell
us what were the cases?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I did not see a detailed
statement of the particular cases in which
counsel were employed, and I am not able to
answer the inquiry ; but I learned from the
War Department that the liability had already
been ineurred.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will my colleague
answer a question?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Do the cases embrace
any .occurring in Ohio in 1863?
Mr. LAWRENCE. If any of those cases
are included I have no knowledge of it.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. The gentleman ought
to have sufficient knowledge of the particular
cases to give us proper information.
Mr. COX. Yes, he ought to give us the
details.
