1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
697
grave charge made against one of the depart-
ments of this Government by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cox.] When that,
charge was made, and I was directly alluded
to, ! asked him whether he desired an answer
at that time. He declined to allow me to
answer then. I had intended at that time to
refer kirn for an answer to the two Senate
documents containing the messages from the
Executive purporting to transmit to the Senate,
first in executive session and afterward in open
session, all the papers connected with the San
Domingo treaty. That would have been my
answer at that time. The thing passed on, and
would not have been noticed by me again had
not the gentleman from New York, ten days
afterward, in the discussion upon the secret-
service fund, uttered the following language,
which I ask the Clerk to read from the Globe
of January 20.
The Clerk read as follows:
"JVTr. Dawes. Iwithdrawthe formal amendment.
"Mr. Cox. I renew it. I do it for the purpose of
saying a few words, following up what my colleague
[Mr. Wood] has already said so well, and adding
one or two other suggestions." * * *
"I stated to theHousethattherewasanadcfeiKfam
to the treaty about San Dominao which was not
copied or sent to the Senate. Nobody hero dared
eha-'lenge my statement at the time. I repeat it now
on my responsibility as a Representative. San Do-
mingo was sold out hy somebody to somebody, and
this commission which is now goingdown there goes
in pursuance of some plan of jobbing which my
friend from Massachusetts 
"Mr. JlATSABn. X would be glad if my.friend
from Xow York [Mr. Cox] would give us the author-
ity on which he makes that statement. He cannot,
of course, make it from hisown personal knowledge.
"Mr. Cox. I will give my authority. I will tell
my friend from Tennessee [Mr. MaYNARdI that the
sweetest, kindest man I ever knew, when on his
death-bed, sent for me to tell me that he had copied
the treaty with reference to the acquisition of the
islnnd of San Domingo, and that 
" Mr. Maynard. X said that the gentleman from
jSTew York had no personal knowledge. I meant to
sav he was not personally participant in the trans-
action : he was not speaking here as a witness, but
he was speaking as an advocate on testimony, and I
wished him to give that testimony.
'■ Mr. Cox. The gentleman is right in saying that
I was not a participant. I did not make the bargain,
and was not present when it was made. I do not
1< now whether Baez or Cazneau got lots, or who else
didso. I do not know how they were divided out in
advance. But I will say to the House, in some sort
of confidence, that if they will pass the resolution I
offered, and send to the State Department for that
treaty, they will find out that when they get San
Domingo they will get a shell, as my friend from
New York [Mr. "Wood] suggested the other day—a
shell without the oyster or the pearl, and a rotten
shell at that."
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from New York, in making this grave charge
the second time, in which he states that he
does it upon his individual responsibility as a
member of this House, failed to furnish the
name of his authority. Nor shall I this morning
ask him for the name of his informant, because
I do not need it. The man from whom he
obtained his information was a Dr. Davis, for-
merly connected with the State Department,
who subsequently, for reasons best known to
himself and some of his friends, presented his
resignation. The gentleman from New York
savs that this witness, upon his dying bed, told
him ill at he had copied the treaty with all the
addenda. I am assured. Mr. Speaker, by the
very best of authority, by living witnesses, tuat
33r. Davis, the gentleman referred to by the
gentleman from New York, never had posses-
sion of the treaty or the addenda for the pur*
pose of copying them j that the copy was made
in the State Department by another clerk, who
is now living, and who assured roc in person
that the copy thus made was sent to the Sen-
ate. and was a full and exact copy of every
addendum belonging to that treaty.
To satisfy myself further, because the gen-
tleman had addressed bis inquiry to me, I went
to the Statu Department and made personal
inquiry as to the facts in this case, and I now
stfite from such information that Di  Davis?
m-*ver made the copy sent to the Senate, or
u-.iv other copy ; that if he made the statement
to the gentleman from New ^.ork, which l do
not for a moment doubt, aud which the gen-
tleman from New York, I have no doubt, be-
lieves to be true, he is not supported, but
on the contrary contradicted by two or more
living witnesses in the State Department.
I requested the Secretary of State, in further
elucidation of this matter, to state the same
to me in writing, which he did in the following
letter, which I send to the Clerk to be read,
and with its reading I shall dismiss the subject*
The Clerk read as follows :
Depaktment of State,
1Vashi\gto3I, January 20,1867.
Sim I find in the CongressionaJGIobe of this morn-
ing the following report of a statement said to have
been made yesterday in debate by Hon. S. S. Cox,
of New York;
"I ara not willing to vote a secret-service fund to
this Administration; and I gave my reasons for that
the other day. I stated to the House that there was
an addendum to the treaty about San Domingo which
was not copied or sent to the Senate. Nobody here
dared challenge my statement atthetime. I repeat
it now on my responsibility as a Representative. San
Domingo was sold out by somebody to somebody, and
this commission which is now going down there goes
in pursuance of si>me plan of Jobbing."
The former statement by the same gentleman upon
the same subject had escaped my notice. I presume
that he referred to the following remarks made by
hiui on the 10th instant, and reported in the Globe
of the 11th instant:
" Can we not have the orders given to our vessels
now in the service of B&ez, and being used by him
to terrorize the opponentsof annexation and paralyze
its honestfriends: or peruse the list of the grants
of lands, mines, franchises, colonization privileges,
debts, &c„ attached to the treaty in the State Depart-
ment, if you can get hold of it? Can my friend from
Indiana telL me whether that list was sent in yester-
day with the report? I venture to say not. Why
this ostentatious pretense of seeking information
which is already had and obtained; ay, perhaps in
the report not yet printed?
"You are anxious to know what is the debt of the
Government, adjusted, unadjusted, or under discus-
sion. Why do you not call in Fabens, who is here,
and General Babeock, who was directed to obtain
this information last summer? Has the debt grown
since, and why; and is tbot the reason for a new call
for it? Why did not the Executive, from which this
information is to be had on Domingo, answer the
lesolution of last session, asking for a list of the
grantees, grants, debts, and creditors? There is such
a list attached to the treaty: ay, and it was once or
twice copied for, but somehow never sent to the
Senate! __
"Mr. Beck. I desire to ask my friend from rfew
York one question. Could any one have withdrawn
that paper which was annexed to the treaty except
the President, or some one by his authority ?
"Mr. Cox. X have no knowledge of that; but I do
affirm, because I learned it at the death-bed of a
man who saw it,that thatlistof debts and franchises
was annexed to the treaty, and he copied them; and
they never went to the Senate of the United States."
The honorablegeutleinan is entirely mistaken if he
supposes that any list of grants of lands, mines, fran-
chises, colonization privileges, debts, &c.t attached
to the treaty in the State Department was withheld
from the branch of Congress which had the right to
the cognizance of them. Ail the information which
this Department possessed in regard to any such
grants or concessions was communicated by me to
the chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign
Relations on the22d day of March last; was by that
gentleman communicated to the Senate on the 24th
day of the same March, and was printed by order of s
the Senate for the confidential use of that body.
The same information was again communicated to
the Senate by the President on the 20th instant in
answer to aresolution of that body of the 4th instant,
and will befound upon pages 92 and 96 of the Senate
Executive Document No. 17 of the present session
ot Congress. . . , ,
I have the honor to be, sir, vour ooedient se.rvant,
Hon. Godloye S. Orth, House of Representatives.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Orth] yield to me?
Mr. ORTH. I will unquestionably, if I have
the power. I hope the House will hear the
gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection to allowing the gentleman from New
York to make a personal explanation.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, twice on this floor
I made the allegation, which liasbeen read from
the Globe, as to the lists of grants, &e., at-
tached to the San Domingo treaty. I made it
on my solemn responsibility as a member of
Coness and with my best belief that it was
entirely tvue* I still adhere to that conclusion.
The letter of the honorable Secretary of bt:ue (
is not inconsistent, if examined careiully, with j;
my statement- It was not, perhaps, in t.ie ■ ,
power of any one to deuy the statement the
1 first time. But after it was made it ought, to 11
have been in the power of some one here to
give it a prompt answer. At length we have
a denial, almost authoritative. My inference
is that the Administration regards my .state-
ment as important, and which, if troe, o «ghfc
to influence our judgments on the forthcom-
ing report of the San Domingo commissioners.
It is therefore important for me to be precise.
I have bad heretofore do opportunity, hy
reason of limited time, to state all I know. I
beg now to say :
First. That the denial of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Orth] has not affected the facta
on which I made my statement; and the House
will soon judge of them.
Second. The conclusions are the same,namely,
that there is or was such a list as I referred to
attached to the treaty itself.
1 shall establish this conclusion:
First, by the testimony of the President and
Secretary of State.
Second, by the best testimony of an honest
man (now deceased) possible to be had ; and
confirmed by living testimony.
It was not a little embarrassing to he the
custodian of facts now regarded as so import-
ant by those most concerned. While my
informant lived, and owing to his relations to
the Department, I was unwilling, and indeed I
had no opportunity in the line of duty here, to
call attention to the matter. But since his
death, and during this session, i am entirely
relieved.
My friend from Indiana [Mr. Orth] has said
that he does not mean to question the fact that
my narration comesfrom the source I gave and
that the statement of what I heard is correct.
I thank him for removing the question from
any matter of personal veracity. The only
question is whether my informant was truth-
ful. I am justified, if it be necessary, by a
living witness, that the statement was made to
me. It was happily made in the presence of
another man, a man of irreproachable char-
acter, not connected with any Government,
office, but employed in a responsible fiduciary
capacity in this city,
Mr. Speaker, my statement is this: that there
was a list of grants attached to that treaty which
Dr. Dayis copied. J do not say, nor did I say,
that the copy which was sent to the Senate
finally was the one which Dr. Davis copied.
My friend from Indiana [Mr. Orth] is mis-
taKen 111 asserting that as my remark. I said
that he copied the treaty with the addendum,
and the fact, as he gave it to me, was that he
was ordered to destroy that copy, because the
addendum, was copied with the treaty. Then
he went to his sick bed, and never went to his
place of business afterward.
My statement was made cautiously. I made
no charge except that which could have been
responded to at once at the Department by an
admission or denial. I asserted, in response
to Mr. Beck, of Kentucky, that I could not tell
when or how the paper was removed, if at all;
that I did not understand the secrets of the
Department so well as to know who had the
right, to remove the papers attached to a treaty,
i make no charge against a gentleman so hon-
orable a3 the Secretary of State, nor against
the President.
I have made no charges, and I have no
charges to make; all I assert is, what I was
bound here to say, especially after the death
of my informant, that there was, in my judg-
ment, such a paper in existence, and that it
was once copied for the Senate, and the copy
ordered to be destroyed. I will give the House
my reasons for this belief.
In March last, the gentleman who had charge
of the Spanish-American bureau of the State
Department lay ill at his mother's house, near
the uavy-yarJ. He sent for me. I found him
lying sick with consumption. He supposed,
and rightly, that he was about to die. He had
s.'iit for me, through bis brother. I found
him perfectly clear in mind ; he said our old
relations were such that he could not oie till
