698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
he left in my.keepinga secret which it was
not proper for him publicly to reveal; his con-
fidential relations to the Department were such
that he did not like to make any public rev-
elation ; he declared that he was called on to
make copies of the treaty, one copy for the
Senate, and one for the Senate Printer; he
had done so, copying the attached list of
grants, gifts, franchises for metals, coloniza-
tion privileges, public debts, &c.
When the copies were made, he was ordered
to destroy them and make new copies, omit-
ting the addendum of franchises. He was so
reluctant tp make partial copies, and his health
being so infirm, he left his post and went to
his bed, from which, I believe, lie never re-
turned. His brother, who survives, was pres-
ent, as I have said, at this interview. He can
and will confirm my statement. He remem-
bers more distinctly than I do the narration.
I made a memorandum of the statement from
my friend's lips. I have it yet; and I "will find
it among my papers. It is the statement of
an honest man, almost in articulo mortis.
The value of this statement depends 011 the
character of the gentleman who gave it.
1 f it is intended to say that my friend was not
veracious and honest, let me say who he was.
He was on the staff of General Wool during
the Mexican war; was afterward in an honor-
able place abroad. Being a Spanish scholar,
and a man of unblemished character, he was
made in 1847-48 secretary of the Mexican
mixed claims commission. It was he who
suspected the Gardiner frauds before that
commission. He was finally sent to Mexico,
and discovered the mines to be myths and the
papers forgeries. He saved this Government
more than §700,000 by his vigilance and
honesty. This Government owes him a debt
of gratitude. He was afterward secretary of
the New Granada commission, where I made
his acquaintance. I had much business with
him. He has been trusted under all Adminis-
trations. He was the most conscientious and
careful business man I ever knew.
There is no impeachment of him possible
with those who knew him. He was entirely
sane, clear, and perfect in his mind and mem-
ory to the last; and before he died he reiter-
ated the "iniquitous" character of the paper
he had copied.
I have said that when I learned these facts
I was forbidden by him to reveal the state-
ment, as from him, during his life. 1 how-
ever drew a resolution, which I determined to
offer. As New York was not being called
at the time, I requested Mr. Mcngen, while
Ohio was being called, to offer it. This he
did ; and this is the record :
On the 28t.li of March, 1870, (Congressional
Globe, vol. 77, page 2238,) Mr. Muxcen" sub-
mitted the following resolution, upon which he
moved the previous question :
Resolved. That, the President, if in his opinion not
incompatible with the public servicc, communicate
to this House a copy ot the list of privileges in tho
office of tho Secretary of State accompanying or
relating to the San Domingo treaty, giving the
names ot the parties and companies to whom have
been granted lands, mines, franchises, and privi-
leges of all kinds by the Dominican Government;
also, the amount Of money paid out by our Govern-
ment, preliminary to and concerning the negotiation
of ■-aid treaty, to whom and for what purposes, and
out of what fund paid."
I felt bound by a sense of public duty, after
Dr. Davis's statement to me, without reveal-
ing my source of information, to draw that
resolution, which was passed. On the 6th
of April the President sent a message to
Congress. I quote from the Congressional
Globe, (vol. 77, p. 2468;)
"SAN DOMIXGO TKKATY.
"The Speaker also, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message fioni the President of
the United States, in reply to a resolution of the
House of Representatives of March 28,1870, in which
the President was requested, if not incompatible
with the public service, to ' communicate to this
House a. copy of the list of privileges in the office of
the Secretary of State accompanying or relating to
the San Domiugo treaty; giving the names of tho
parties and companies to whom have been granted
lands, mines, franchises, and privileges of all kinds
by the Dominican Government; also, the amount of
money paid out by our Government preliminary to
and concerning the negotiation of said treaty, to
whom and for what purposes, and out of what fund
paid,' transmitting a report from the Secretary of
State, in which it is stated, not to be compatible with
the public interest lo communicate the information asked
for while the mbject is pending in executive session."
Here is the debate on this matter:
"Mr. Brooks, of New York. 1 do not recollect
where that resolution came from,
" The Speaker. If there be no objection the mes-
sage will he referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
11 Mr. Cox. The resolution was offered by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mdngen.]
" Mr. Brooks, of New York. I wish to make this
rcmaik: that it seems to me on a matterin reference
to which we have large appropriations to malce it is
quite as important for us to know the amount of
money to be appropriated as for the Senate.
"Mr. Cox. With tho permission of the Chair, I
would suggestthatw'e oughttohave this information
before us as soon as possible after the matter has
been disposed of by the Senate, I drewthat resolu-
tion, but could not offer it myseif, and my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Mungen] offered it. If.the country were
in possession of the information asked for this San
Domingo matter would stop, and tho House would
stop it.
" Mr. Banks. This subject does not require dis-
cussion. The treaty is not before tho House, but
before the Senate, and the information has been
properly withheld,
" Mr. Cox. The gentleman from Massachusetts
is mistaken ; the subject has been attempted to be
brought before the House in the bill for the annex-
ation of San Domingo brought in yesterday.
"Mr. Banks. Idemand tho previous question on
the motion to refer the papers to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordering them to be printed.
" The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under tho operation
thereof the motion was agreed to."
The fair inference and implication from the
language of this message of the President is
plain, that there was a list of some kind or
other within the knowledge of the Secretary
of State accompanying the treaty.
Mr. ORTII. The gentleman knows there
was a list transmitted.
Mr. COX. Thatdoes not appear in the letter
read here to-day by the Secretary of State.
Why, I demand, was not the resolution an-
swered ? Why was it not said by the Depart-
ment that there is 110 snch paper "accom-
panying" the treaty if the papers were not
there? From this record it would appear that
the President and Secretary of State well knew
that the list existed. The Secretary admits in
the message that the papers or information is
or was there. He admits it, but thinks that it
should not be communicated while the matter
is pending before the Senate.
What was I to do when this measure came up
again, this session? Keep this information?
Sit lierewiththelocked-jaw? Sincethe organs
of the Administration refused to communi-
cate it, because it was incompatible, was I
to sit still, after my friend was gone, and not
execute the trust he gave me, to help save the
country from this audacious scheme, involving
the use of the people's money and the obtain-
ing of apparent and not real interests of great
moment and value? I took the unpleasant re-
sponsibility. If I were not corroborated by the
message, by the surviving brother of my in-
formant, and by the circumstances concomi-
tant, I would alone have risked my charact&r
as a member and a man to make the statement.
I was bound to have revealed the facts. My
friend was just and good beyond most men.
Is there any one here—who breathes an honest
breath—who dare reproach me for this? Have
I any pecuniary motive? Sone. Any partisan
motive? Certainly I did not pursue this mat-
ter, after my resolution failed, in any vindic-
tive spirit, nor did I make charges or inveigh
against the Government in such a way as to
show political feeling.
I am humiliated for the position in which
the Administration is placed by these late
denials of the gentleman from Indiana. I bow
my head in shame for the unexplainable and
inscrutable positions in which this matter is
involved. Is any one here present ready to \
believe that these privileges  i-ie not. granted \
away, that the husk only remains? Then let ;
him remember that there are corroborating
circumstances.
It has already been stated in the Senate
that all the royalties of the island have been
ceded away. It was stated by Mr. Sumner
that the lots of the city of Samana were staked
off, marked off, and given to different parties.
It is generally believed that there is nothing
left in the island of public lands, or of mines
of"salt, copper, and other metals. All are
conveyed. This is notorious. It is common
clatnor.
It is a little curious that the donors attached
to this treaty the list of their claims. It
would seem as if their desire of lucre and
success had overreached their caution; but,
now, if there was such a paper, and if it is
removed by any one, it looks as if the matter
was, as my friend told another just before he
died, an iniquitous thing, and that, to shield the
scheme, the paper once attached to the treaty
and copied has been surreptitiously withdrawn.
If there be nothing left of value fur us
to annex in this portion of the island of San
Domingo, was I to sit here a custodian of a
secret when its proper statement involved the
interests and honor of the Government of which
I am a sworn officer? I wish I could not be-
lieve what I have said ; I should be glad and
proud to aid any project of honorable annexa-
tion. But this project, while it does not dis-
enchant me of my old Democratic ideas of the
future growth of my country, makes me more
heedful of the modes and motives for the en- -
largement of our domain. I thank you, Mr.
Speaker and gentlemen of the House, for your
courtesy and attention.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I demand the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. At the time the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Orth] obtained leave
to make a personal explanation the same priv-
ilege was granted to the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Swaxn.]
paraguayan affairs.
Mr. SWANN. I ask the Clerk to read the
letter which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
United States Navy-Yard,
Philadelphia, January 16,1871.
Sir: My attention has been called to the reflec-
tions cast upon my honor and veracity in yourspeech
before the House of Representatives on the 5ih in-
stant. wherein you say:
"The testimony of Captain Crosby upon this point
is much to be regretted on his own account.
"The feeling which would induce an officer to
detail the unguarded expressions which fell from
Admiral Godon at a private dinner table or else-
where, in the confidence of familiar intercourse,
would be very apt to give a false coloring to any-
thing he might say."
As I did not "detail the unguarded expressions
which fell from Admiral Godon at a private dinner
table or elsewhere, in the confidence of familiar in-
tercourse," as you will see by reading my evidence,
I presume my name was mentioned in eonileetion
with the matter by mistake; but, as it has placed me
in a false position, I bring it to your notice, hoping
it will bo only necessary to call your attention to
the fact, in order to have you do me the justice to
rectify the mistake.
I am, sir, very respeotfully.yonr obedient servant.
PEIliCE CROSBY,
Captain United Slates Navy.
Hon. Mr. Swakn.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, in comment-
ing upon the Paraguayan testimony, I inad-
vertently confounded the name o£ Captain
Crosby with that of another witness. I have
risen to say, sir, that I deem it due to that officer
that I should exonerate him, as I do now. from
the reflections intended to be conveyed in the
paragraph to which he refers ill that letter.
GEORGIA ELECTION CONTJSST.
Mr. McCRARY. I rise to a question of
privilege. I am instructed by the Committee
of Elections to submit the resoltftion which I
send to the Clerk's desk; and upon it I move
the previous question.
Ths Clerk read the resolution as follows ;
Ikiolv.il, That Stephen A. Corkei. contestee in
the confestcd-eleotion e-ieefrom the fifth district of
Ucorgui, shall, oii the 2oth inslnnt,deliver to Tliomps
