1524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I see the point
to which the inquiry of the gentleman on the
other side [Mr. Vajt Trump] is drifting; that
ia, whether any of these- cases where counsel
were employed by the Government were cases
before courts-martial. I hare knowledge of
appropriations being heretofore made by Con-
gress to pay attorneys from the Treasury of
(he -United States for defending men charged
with crime before courts-martial, attorneys
who should have been employed and paid by
the parties themselves.* If this appropriation
is for the purpose Of paying attorneys employed
by men charged with offenses before courts-
martial it ought not to be allowed, though
appropriations for such purposes have here-
tofore been made by this House.
Mr. .ELDRIDGE. If these men, when
tried, were acquitted, ought not their expenses
to be paid? If, after being subjected to ex-
pense in this way, they were found guiltless, is
it not just to reimburse them?
Mr. LOGAN. There is no more justice in
the Government paying such expenses than
when a man is charged with an offense before
a civil court and on the trial is acquitted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think that wherever a
man establishes thoroughly and completely his
innocence, and has been subjected to expense
to defend himself against an unjust charge, it
3s but just that some reimbursement should be
made.
Mr. LOGAN. A man may be compelled to
defend himself against an unjust charge before
a civil tribunal; yet he must take upon him-
self the expense of his defense. Though in
such a case the man may be acquitted, and
shown to have been charged falsely, the Gov-
ernment does not pay' his attorney's fees.
Such a proposition seems to my judgment not
only wrong, but absurd.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. In some of the States,
when a man is charged falsely and his inno-
cence is established to the satisfaction of the
judge who tries the ease, the Commonwealth
pays his expenses; and it appears to"me that
when on a trial before a court-martial it ap-
pears that the complaint was unjust and wanton
in the first instance, the defendant ought not
to be thus subjected to injury in his character
and property without some remuneration by
tire Government.
Mr. LOGAN. In cases of malicious pros-
ecution before the civil courts,where it appears
that one party has maliciously preferred against
another a false charge, the instigator of the
malicious prosecution is sometimes compelled
to pay damages;' but I have never heard of a
State or any other government paying Ifhe
attorney's fees of a defendant because he has
been falsely charged. •
The amendment of Mr. Griswold was nst
agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move, pro
forma, to strike out the last word. Now, Mr.
Speaker, I do not move to strike out these sec-
tions of the Army appropriation bill because
1 wished to provoke political discussion ; but
I wished to provoke what I have obtained from
the other side of the House this day, and that
from the honorable gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan,] who has just been elected by one
of the greatest States of this Union to a posi-
tion in the United States Senate, and who
therefore undoubtedly speaks for his State. I
have provoked this discussion in orderto obtain
from him and others like him a relsuke for the
uosi uf the Army of the United States for mere
electioneering purposes. In the midst of the
last war, when it was unsafe to utter a free sen-
tence, when soldiers surrounded these galleries
as if to overawe these debates, I obtained by
a like agitation from Hon. Henry Winter
Davis a like rebuke, which stopped the use
cf the Army of the United States under the
President of the United States in controlling
elections. I have obtained a like rebuke to-
day from the distinguished gentleman who in
his civil life is superior to the President of (lie
United States, atid in- his military life is at
least his equal. Prom him I have obtained
a like rebuke, and with that rebuke going
before the country against the use by the
presefit Executive of the Army of the United
State's "for mere electioneering purposes I am
amply content.
Mr. DAWES. Asmy friend from New York
is content for once, I hope we may now be
allowed to have a vote.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Signal Office: Observation and report of storms
For expenses of the manufacture, purchase, or re-
pair of meteorological and other necessary instru-
ments for telegraphing reports; for expenses of
storm signals announcing probable approach and
force of storms ; for instrument shelters; for hire
and expense of offices maintained for public use in
cities or posts receiving reports; for maps, bulletins,
&c.. to be displayed in chambers of commerce and
board of trade rooms; for books and stationery;
and for incidental expenses not otherwise provided
for, $29,200: Provided, That no part of this appro-
priation shall be expended "for telegraphing at
greater rates than those which are or may be fixed
by the Postmaster txeneral, ia pursuance of the
second section of chapter two hundred and thirty of
the statutes of 1866.
,Mr. AXTELL. I ijiove to strike out the
last word, and I desire to submit a few remarks
as we are passing from the subject of the pay-
ment of the Army. The House, I know, will
indulge me for a moment, as the Democratic
Representative of the icity of San Francisco, in
saying that I do not believe the time has ever
been when we could not in that city have a
peaceable election. My own judgment is, from
the statements made on this floor, and from
observation, that in great cities elections are
almost uniformly peaceable. I look upon great
cities as sources of light. Great cities are to
my mind great centers of thought as well as
of wealth and great centers of. morality. I am
not one of those who believe that cities are an
evil. The tendency of our age is to congregate
into cities; and cities send out light and heat,
morally, religiously, and financially, to all the
country.
To hold that cities are not able to protect
and govern themselves is a great mistake, and
it is especially a mistake when applied to the
city of San Francisco. In some remarks made
here a few days ago, in reference to the fact
that, when anticipating a disturbance at the
election, the Governor of California called for
troops to be posted in that city, I denounced
the act. I denounced it, although the Gov-
ernor was of my own party. I like to see men
who can come up to principle irrespective of
party lines. I say that the use of troops to over-
awe the people in an election, or for the collec-
tion of taxes, means murder. I say that the
people of the United States are capable of gov-
erning themselves, and that it is murder to
call out troops to fire on citizens. I quoted
the other day the example of Alexander as the
case of a man fit to govern. I would have men
go, as Governor Seymour did, to a mob, and
say, " My friends, you disobey the laws of the
land and bring injury upon yourselves." A
hero would in any like difficulty so act. Only
a coward and murderer would call for troops
to fire upon citizens, and plant cannon to
mow them down, or ride them down with his
cavalry.'
Mr. SARGENT rose.
Mr. AXTELL. Please excuse me. I de-
nounce the use of the military, North and
South ; I denounce the use of the military by
the Government of the United States or by any
other Government for the purpose of interfer-
ing with the people in carrying on their own
elections. As I have said, the people are per-
fectly able to take care of themselves. This
Federal interference is wrong in principle. It
strikes at the very foundation of our Govern-
ment. The people should feel that there is
no power greater than themselves, and that
they must sustain good government at elec-
tions, and at all times, by their own forcible
right hand, turping out as good citizens to aid
the police if necessary; and coming, not with
muskets, but with naked hands, to the aid of
the laws.
And allow me to say that if all good men
would attend the polls, if they would leave
their stores and pulpits and law offices and go
out on election days, there would not be roughs
enough in New York, or any other city, to
ipake a disturbance. It is because the rich and
the cultivated are cowardly, and would rather
send telegrams to Washington for troops than
go themselves to help to preserve order at the
polls, that these disturbances occur. We must
in this way enforce the law; otherwise there is
no salvation for republican government.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The provisions of this
bill relating to the Army have been made an
occasion for an attack on the act passed during
the last session of Congress to enforce the fif-
teenth amendment to the Constitution. They
have also been made an occasion for an attack
on the present Administration. Now,'I under-
take to say that that act enforcing the fifteenth
amendment was justified by the past history
of the country and by the circumstances under
which it was passed.
Thegentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
tells us that the city of Philadelphia has been
guilty of enormous election frauds. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] re-
torts that the city of New York lias been
guilty of enormous election frauds. Enormous
election frauds have been charged, too, with
reference to other parts of the country. And
it may be that all these charges are true, for I
believe no member here dares to rise in his
place and controvert the fact that there have
been great frauds and terrorism practiced ii:
various parts of the country.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
allow me to offer a suggestion, I would say,
while not denying the statement that there
have been great frauds at elections, that the
main frauds which have been committed have
been through the intervention of the Army
and not by the people. The people can be
trusted, but the Army cannot be trusted.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I will say
as to that,——
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. HOAR. My point of order is that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrexce] was
wholly out of order. His remarks have no
beariugon the paragraph under consideration.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrence] is not more out of order than
the gentleman from California [Mr. Axtell]
who preceded him. The whole discussion is
out of order. Does the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts insist on his point of order ?
Mr. HOAR. I do.
TheSPEAKER. Thegentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrexce] mus,t proceed in or.der, if
at all.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Then I ask leave to
print some remarks in the Globe.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What is the objection
to the gentleman proceeding with his remarks?
The SPEAKER. It is objected that they
are not germane to the amendment under con-
sideration.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then it would be equally
objectionable to print remarks that are not
germane to the subject.
TheSPEAKER. If there is no objection
the gentleman from Ohio will be allowed to
print his remarks.
Mi-. ELDRIDGE. I am willing he should
print them ; but I would rather hear them.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to leave being
given to print.
The formal amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to add at the
end of the paragraph the following:
And further provided. That no part of the moneys
appropriated by this act shall be applied to the pay-
ment of any officer or peruon in the Bureau of
Military Justice.
