90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 21;
Ho. of Beps.
St. Croix and Bayfield Railroad—Mr. llolman.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
seceded followed the banner of their States
in war, I give it as my deliberate judgment,
hoping nothing, expecting nothing, that it
would require twelve butchers for a jury and
a Jeffreys (or a judge to try them for so doing.
Sir, protection and duty are reciprocal; and
•when you did not afford protection to those
southern people, when they were living under
a government having the power to compel their
obedience and to punish their disobedience,
and you had not power to relieve them from
the consequences of disobedience, they were
no traitor*. They are not traitors in God
Almighty's chancery. They are not traitors
according to English law. They are not trai-
tors according to American law. They are not
traitors according to the instincts of human
nature. Jt was so decided by the English
courts, and before yon were the United States
of America; and within less than a year after
Pennsylvania had dissolved her allegiance to
the British Crown it was decided by the Amer-
ican courts that the man who adhered to Penn-
sylvania against the king was not a traitor.
What, hang a man if he does, and hang him
if he does not! There is no such principle of
Jaw ; there is no such principle in moral ethics.
And now in this the last time, although it
be an impromptu address that I make to my
brother Senators, that I expect to address
thera. I beg them, I beg the American people,
1 beg that great engine of public opinion which
controls and governs to a great extent public
sentiment, banish from your minds the idea
that the men of the South are traitors. They
are traitors no more than you are, sir. Their
States went out. Their States had the power
to compel obedience and to punish disobe-
dience. You did not protect them when they
were defenseless. 1 stand here now, in the last
moments of my senatorial life, to proclaim
throughout the length and breadth of this
whole country, North and South, so far as my
feeble utterances can reach, that those gallant,
noble people were not traitors:
" Such graves as theirs aro pilgrim-shrines,
Shrines to no code or creed confined,
The Delphian vales, the P.ilestines,
The Meceas of the uiiml."
And when your rude soldiery drive away
the humble votary who brings (lowers to deck
thegrave of the confederate soldier, who sleeps
side by side with your own honored dead, the
man by whose order that was done is a traitor
against the instincts of nature, atraitor against
the promptings which the Almighty himself
has put into his heart; and when he stands
before that great and eternal tribunal before
which we must all stand will be adjudged by
the eternal God to be a heartless wretch. If
be is living now, when he dies let him be
buried in a dung-hill, and over it let there be
inscribed the words, " Here lies infamy."
Sir, I do not say this because I was in favor
of secession. There was no man here more
pained and more grieved and who disapproved
it all more than 1 did. I saw then the wretch-
edness and ruin that secession was going to
bring, not only upon their country, but par-
ticularly upon the border States. But, sir,
when you tell me that the descendants of the
noble old Virginians, who did more to lay the
foundations of this Government deep in the
principles of constitutional liberty, regulated
by law, than all others, are traitors, I protest
against it in behalf of the honored dead, their
patridtie sires. In behalf of their living rela-
tives I protest against it. In the name of God
Almighty's eternal mercy,which isvouehsafed
in exuberant abundance to mankind, I protest
against it. «
Sir, not far from this place is a cemetery
where lie the bones of many of your soldiers ;
and did any one who ever visited that place
read the inscription over the gate through
which he passed ? The very inscription over
the gate of the cemetery in which you entered
to decorate the graves of your own dead, was
in these words:
"On Fame's eternal camping-ground
Their silent tents are spread,
And Glory guard <>, with solemn round,
Tne bivouac of the dead."
And you marched under that inscription to
decorate your own Federal dead, and denied
the right of a poor southerner to cast a (lower
upon the grave of a confederate; and who
wrote that inscription? Was it a northern
man? No. It was a southern man who wrote
it. You use the words of a southern man to
put an inscription over the gate of the ceme-
tery through which you marched to decorate
the dead, and denied to the poor southern
soldier the humble privilege of having his
grave decked with a simple flower. I make
this remark not to reflect upon the gallant sol
diers of the North or the gallant Union men
of the North, those who fought, but because
all these questions are pertinent, and are at
issue in this contest; they go to the founda-
tion of your right to exclude Mr. Hill. Now,
if the Senator from Illinois wishes to inter-
rupt me, as I see he has been seeking an
opportunity to do for some time, I will hear
him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. By the Senator's per-
mission, I wanted to say to him that as he
indicated a few moments ago that he was desir-
ous himself to take a vote, I have reason to
believe that the Senator from Nevada cannot
talk more than fifteen minutes, and I think we
can get a vote just at four o'clock. If the Sen-
ator from Delaware is willing to let the Sen-
ator from Nevada have fifteen minutes, I think
that will save us to morrow.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will yield upon con-
dition that the Senator from Nevada  
Mr. TRUMBULL. I appeal to my friend
from Delaware to allow the Senator from Ne-
vada fifteen minutes, and then I think we can
finish the subject.
Mr. SAULSBURY. He can get fifteen
minutes after I am done. He is as strong a
man as I am, and if he can keep silent I will.
Mr. TUUMBULL. i am afraid we shall
consume to morrow if it goes over until to-
morrow.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I have
listened for a good while to the Senator from
Nevada; and he knows I mean no disrespect
to hitn, but he cannot play the old woman's
game on me in that sort of way. [Laughter.]
I am not going to all w it. 'if the Senator
from Nevada and every other Senator will
agree that the vote shall be taken, that is just
what I want. I have not got through the in
traduction to the primer yet. I will give way
if the Senator from Nevada and every other
Senator will say we shall have a vote. With-
out that, if he has got to say something more
to enlighten the Senate, I must proceed. If
he will reduce to writing and send to the Chair
to be read the points he wants to make—I
suppose his speech has got some point in it—I
will agree that the points may be read.
I he VICE PliESIDEN T. The Senator from
Delaware asks unanimous consent, that the vote
be taken on the resolution and amendment
without further debate. Is there objection ?
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make a few
remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada makes objection.
Mr. SIEWAR1. I do not wish to OQcupy
time, but to make a few remarks.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have been here
twelve years; the Senator from Nevada has
not been here so many. I have heard a great
many "few remarks" made by that Senator
on multitudinous occasions.
Mr. HARLAN rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware yield to the Senator from
Iowa for amotion for an executive session?
["Yes."]
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will do anything to
please the Senate. Is that the pleasure of the
Senate? ["Yes."] I will not yield the floor
for anybody to take it on this question, and I
will claim it when it is resumed. I have only
got into the a b c's.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
will be entitled to the floor when the question
is resumed.
St. Croix and Bayfield Railroad.
SPEECH OF HON. W. S. IIOLMAN,
OP INDIANA,
Is the House of Representatives,
January 27, 1871.
The House having under consideration the joint
resolution (S. It. INo. II) extending the time to con-
struct a railroad from the St. Croix river or lake to
the west end of Lake Superior and to Bayfield—
Mr. IIOLMAN said:
Mr. Speaker: I am not unconscious of the
fact that the subject now before the House, the
policy of granting subsidies in lands to cor-
porations, has already occupied much of the
time of this House, but very iittle time in com-
parison with the magnitude of the subject. I
feel, therefore, that it is hatdly necessary for
me to apologize for pressing further upon the
attention of gentlemen the fatal consequences
of this policy. The pending bill, which comes
to us from the Senate, does not differ in prin-
ciple from the alarming pile of bills granting
lands to corporations lying before you. This
bill in effect grants 1,418,451 acres of land to
the St. Croix and LakeSuperiur Railroad Com-
pany. It is important not only in the extent
of the grant but still more from the fact that
the determination which the House may reach
upon this bill may fairly be accepted as indi-
cating its future action upon other similar
measures ; for I take it for granted that if this
House should pass this particular measure,
under the circumstances surrounding it, the
vast body of bills now on the Speaker's table,
all of which come from the Senate and require
only the concurrence of this House, wilt re-
ceive at its hands a favorable consideration.
Hence, in discussing this bill, the whole ques-
tion of the policy of grants of public lands
to corporations lor internal improvements is
properly under consideration.
It cannot be pretended that this particular
grant is required for the purpose of opening
up to settlement the region of country through
which the railroad is to run, for this strip of
land twenty miles wide, extending from St.
Croix river or lake to Lake Superior,, runs
through a great and populous State—a State
of more than a million people. The body
of land proposed to be granted is surrounded
on all sides by settlement. It has been made
valuable during the last fifteen years, through
all of which period it has been withdrawn from
settlement by the labor of vast numbers of
American citizens who have gone fiom all sec-
tions to settle upon the rich lands of Wisconsin
and the country further West. This State has
now six distinguished Representatives upon
thisfloor. Itis aState oflarge wealth, a State
whose rivers, harbors, and inlets have been
during the last twenty years improved, and the
great natural advantages of the State for com-
merce vastly increased by appropriations from
the national Ireasury; and we are now asked
by her Representatives to appropriate near a
million and a half of acres of public lands to
corporations for the construction of a railroad
