1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
P. JJeard, contestant, his answer to thenotice of con-
test served by said contestant; that the taking of
testimony shall bo commenced on the 30th instant,
nnd shall be concluded on the 18th of February,
1871; that the contestant shall take testimony dur-
ing the first eight days of said time, and the con-
testee during the succeeding eight days, and the
contestant (in rebuttal only) during the remain-
ins two days, Sundays excepted. Testimony may
be taken before any United States commissioner in
said district: and in all other respects the said testi-
mony shall be taken, and the contest conducted, in
accordance with the statute in such cases provided.
This resolution is adopted in pursuance to an agree-
ment between the parties to the said contest.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I should like
to understand something about this matter.
Mr. KELSEY. It is an agreement between
the parties.
Mr. BROOKS,t>f New York. I am told
the parties have agreed to this.
Mr. KERR. This is an understanding by
the parties to the contest, and is satisfactory
to both sides.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The gentle-
man who is called the contestee in this case—
a very bad word, by the way—has not a seat
liere, and is not a member.
Mr. KERR. He holds the certificate, the
title to the seat.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then why is
he not sworn in?
Mr. KERR. Well, that will be attended to
directly.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. McCllABY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid onfthe table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION CONTEST—BOYD1SN VS. SHOBER.
Mr. McCRABY. I now call up the con-
tested-election caseof Boyden vs. Shober, from
the sixth district of North Carolina, and move
the adoption of the resolutions reported by the
Committee of Elections. I believe there is no
objection to the report in this case.
The resolutions reported by the committee
■were read, as follows :
Resolved, That Nathaniel Boyden is not entitled
to a seat in this House as a Representative from the
sixth district of North Carolina.
1lesolved, That Francis E. Shober is entitled to
retain his seat in this House as a Representative
from said district. .
Resolved, That there be paid to Nathaniel Boyden,
out of the contingent fund of the House, the sum of
$1 0.10, in full for his expenses in contesting the seat
of lion. Francis B. Shober as a Representative from
the said sixth district of North Carolina.
The resolutions were adopted.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I now insist upon the regu-
lar order of business.
INDIAN TEItRITORY—OKLAHOMA.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being demanded, the morning hour begins,
at ten minute3 to one o'clock, and reports are
in order from the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The pending measure is the bill reported on
Thursday last from the committee, being the
bill (EL R. No. 299) to provide for the consol-
idation of the Indian tribes and to organize a
system of government in the Indian territory,
upon which the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Tax"Horn] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. VAN HORN. I yield twenty minutes
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Voor-
JIEES.]
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, this is a
matter of grave import, and for the few min-
utes that I Bhall hold the floor I desire the
attention of those who feel interested in Indian
affairs. Before discussing the merits of the
pending bill I send to the Clerk's desk to be
read the seventh article of the treaty with the
Choctaws and Chickasaws, the thirteenth arti-
cle of the treaty with the Cherokees. and a i
part of the tenth article of the treaty with the !
Creeks and Serai noles.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Art. 7. The Choctaws and Chickasaws agree to
such legislation as Congress and the President of the
United States may deem necessary for the better
administration of justice and the ^protection of the
rights of persons and property within the Indian
territory: Provided, however. Such legislation shall
not in anywise interfere with or annul their present
tribal organization or their respective legislatures
or judiciaries, or the rights, laws, privileges, or cus-
toms of the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations, respect-
ivcly
"Art. 13. The Cherokees also agree that a court
or courts maybe established by the United States
in said territory, with such jurisdiction and organ-
ized in such manner as may be prescribed bylaw:
Provided, That the judicial tribunals of the nation
shall be allowed to retain exclusive jurisdiction in
all civil and criminal cases arising within their coun-
try in which members of the nation, by nativity or
adoption, shall be the only parties, or where the cause
of action shall arise in the Cherokee nation, except
as otherwise provided in this treaty." * 4 *
"Aet. 10. The Creeks agree to such legislation as
Congress and the President of the United States may
deem necessary for the better administration of jus-
tice and the protection of the rights of persons and
property within the Indi an territory: Provided, how-
ever, That said legislation shall not in anymanner
interfere with orannul their presenttribal organiza-
tion, rights, laws, privileges, and customs," &c.
Mr. VOORHEES. The bill before the House
proposes certain legislation for the Indians
with whom these treaties were made. If Con-
gress shall deem such legislation " necessary
for the better administration of justice, and the
protection of the rights of persons and prop-
erty within the Indian territory," there can
be no question of the power and duty of Con-
gress to adopt such legislation, subject only to
the stipulation in the provisos, that the tribal
governments of these nations shall not be in-
terfered with. This bill meets the require-
ments of these provisos. Bach nation or tribe
will continue to have its own local government,
and within its own bounds be independent of
and distinct from the others; they will each
bear the same relations to the general territo-
rial government organized by this bill that the
States of this Union bear to the General Gov-
ernment of the United States. The absolnte
discretion upon this subject, and all others
affecting these Indians, within the scope of the
articles read, is confided to Congress by the
Indians themselves. True, the wishes of the
Indians should receive patient and careful con-
sideration ; but whatever Congress may " deem
necessary" to be done toward "the better
administration of justice within the Indian
territory" Congress has the solemn consent
of all these Indian nations to do.
The consent of the Indians, then, being ex-
pressly given to such legislation as Congress
may consider necessary respecting them and
all other persons in their territory, the ques-
tions properly arising are:
1. Is the legislation proposed by this bill
such as is "necessary for the better adminis-
tration of justice and the protection of rights
of persons and property within the Indian ter-
ritory?"
2. Is there any other legislation better cal-
culated to accomplish these objects than the
bill under consideration?
What is the legislation now relied upon for
the''administration of justice" in the Indian
territory? It is to be found in the act of
Congress of June §0, 1834, entitled "An act
to regulate trade and intercourse with the
Indian tribes and to preserve peace on the
frontiers," with the numerous amendments
thereto adopted by Congress from time to
time down to the year 1802. The adminis-
tration of justice" under these acts of Con-
gress is unjust and unsuitable to the advanced
condition of these Indians for reasons that I
shall give.
The United States district court for the west-
ern district of Arkansas, which holds a term,
on the second Monday in May and Novem-
ber of each year, at the town of Van Buret), m
the State of Arkansas, has exclusive original
jurisdiction over all this Indian territory under
these acts of Congress.
The grand juries which inquire into offenses
under these acts, and the traverse juries which
try causes presented, are all selected from the
State of Arkansas, the Indians having no rep-
resentation thereon.
The United States marshals, deputy mar-
shals, United States commissioners, United
States attorney, and all other officers of this
court, which exercise despotic control under
these acts of Congress over the Indian terri-
tory, are selected from the citizens of Arkansas.
Thus we see that the Indians are entirely
ignored in the administration of justice, under
these acts, in their own country.
To illustrate this more fully I will mention a
recent case which has come to my knowledge ;
it is but one of a hundred that might bo cited.
In November last the United States court for
the western district of Arkansas held its regu-
lar term at Van Buren, Arkansas. At the same
time the Legislature of the Cherokee nation was
in session at Tahlequah, the capital of such
nation. The grand jury of the court, com-
posed of citizens of Arkansas, indicted William
F. Boss, Houston Benge, and other Cherokees
for alleged offenses against the intercourse
laws. Boss and Benge were senators in the
Cherokee Legislature, and are gentlemen of
education and prominence among their peo-
ple. They were arrested while discharging
their official duties, and taken to Van Biiren
by young men from Arkansas who were acting
as deputy marshals. Upon heaving the case
the court discharged the prisoners, because it
was found no violation of law had been com-
mitted.
The records of this House for the last ses-
sion show that revenue officers and United
States deputy marshals have invaded this In-
dian territory, seized and confiscated the prop-
erty of Indians there, and arrested them as
criminals. For what offense? Why, sir, they
were charged with not conforming to the inter-
nal revenue laws inside of the Indian country;
and this, too, in the teeth of written official
promises and declarations of Commissioners
of Internal Iievenue, and in flagrant and per-
fidious violation of special provisions of late
treaties which we have made with these In-
dians.
The Indians are at present the sport and
prey of irresponsible United States officials.
They are subject to the whims and caprices
of any insignificant and ignorant revenue offi-
cer or deputy marshal who may adjudge the
law to be violated in the Indian country, where
he does not live, where he has no interest,
except it be to plunder these unfortunate peo-
ple and make his fees by dragging the Indians
from their own country to be tried by juries
in the State of Arkansas.
Neither high and responsible position, in-
nocence of crime, or the solemn pledge of
treaties, is any protection to these Indians
from the officials that roam over their country.
I am assured on the best of authority that at
least one half of the arrests made in the In-
dian country by these deputy marshals are
made without warrant or process of any kind
whatever. Common justice demands a change.
Is it necessary to say more to show the gross
injustice and illiberality to the Indians in the
present "administration of justice" among
them? Let us pass this bill and give them
courts in their own country and juries of their
own people.
Does the bill reported by the Indian Com-
mittee improve upon the present "adminis-
tration of justice" in the Indian territory?
If it does it meets the requirements of the
treaties already referred to, and should be
passed unless a better can be substituted.
The bill certainly gives great advantages and
privileges to these Indians over the present
system. Section four authorizes a Legislative
Assembly, to consist of a council and house of
representatives. The members of this Legis-
