mi.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
41st Coito....3d Sess.
St. Croix and Bayfield Railroad—Mr. Iiolman.
Ho. of Reps.
within her limits, on the assumption that such
an appropriation is necessary to open up the
country to settlement !
This measure cannot be urged on the ground
that corporations in other States have been
more favored by grants oflands, for corpora-
tions organized in that State by its Legislature
have already received, as I learn from the last
report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, 5,229.066 acres of land without
reference to the pending grant. These lands
have been granted to the State for the con-
struction of railroads and canals and have been
transferred, as 1 understand, by action of the
State authorities to the canal and railroad
companies.
I have before me a statement taken from
the report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, showing the purposes for which
these grants were made.
If this grant is advocated on the ground
that the State of Wisconsin has not received
a large enough body of public lands to equal-
ize her with the other States of the Northwest,
I will call the attention of the House to the
fact that the great States of Ohio, Illinois,
and Indiana, three greatStat.es formed out of
the same great northwestern territory, have
received altogether but 5.335,608 acres of land
for the construction of railroads and canals,
the largest grant being that of 2.505,053 acres
to the State of Illinois, and applied by that
State to the construction of the Illinois Cen-
tral railroad. The grants to these States are
as follows:
Acres.
Indiana, canal grants.. 1,439,279
Ohio, canal grants 1,100,361
Illinois, o,mill grants  290.915
Illinois, railroad grant 2,505 053
Total 5,335,608
Thus, sir, the single State of Wisconsin lias
already received grants of land from the Gov-
ernment and appropiiated to the uses of vari-
ous corporations bodies of the public lands
nearly equal to all the grants made to i.hethiee
gieai States Iviug south of her, and slill asks
lor another corporation 1.418,451 acres more.
This St. Croix grant, was first made in the year
1856, a grant of 853,451 acres. That grant
expired without any part of the railroad being
constructed, and was renewed on the 5ih day
of May, 1861, with the addition of 565,000
acres; making the total grant 1,418,451 acres.
The territory already granted to Wisconsin, not
including the pending grant,, actually exceeds
one fourth of I lie entire area of the great, State
of Indiana, and is equal to one seventh part of
all the lands lying within the limits of VViscon-
siti—a little more, indeed, than one seventh
part of the entire area of the Slate—all of
which, in various forms, lias been granted
within the last twenly years, and largely within
the last nine years, to various corporations
organized within the limits of that State.
The grant of 1,418,451 acres, made on the
6t'n of May, 1864, expired on May 4, 1869,
upon the termination of five years from the
time it was made, with no part of the railroad
constructed. It cannot be assumed that this
bill simply renews that grant. It is in effect
a proposition to make a new grant of lands to
the State of Wisconsin. The grant made in
1856, and the increased grant made in 1864
have ceased to be grants of public lands, even
upon conditions, and these lands are now a
portion of the public domain without limita-
tion or condition.
The experience of the last fifteen years
during which this subject has been pending
illustrates the theory upon which men act in
connection with these grants. During the first
ten years the land was not of sufficient value
to build the road. Your grant was not large
enough. The gentlemen who manage these
grants do not propose to involve their own
fortunes. They expect to receive the railroad
as a free gift from the Government. There
fore ten years expired, and then the grant was
renewed for fire years. The labor of thou-
sands and tens of thousands of the people of
this country has not yet raised the value of
that land sufficiently to pay for a railroad over
one hundred and fifty miles long, which, when
constructed, should become the private prop-
erty of the worthy gentlemen who are willing to
accept these millions of wealth at your hands,
and for all time become the recipients of
princely revenues drawn from the industry of
the people. You do not even retain the power
to restrain this most exorbitant taxation of the
industry of the country.
The proposition is now made to grant these
lands again to Wisconsin, to renew this grant,
if you please, to extend it for another period,
so that these corporators, (who, so far as the
House is informed, are the same persons who
have hitherto delayed this work for the pur-
pose of permitting this land to increase in
value,) without any expenditure upon their
part, may construct their railroad between
Lake St. Croix and Lake Superior at the
expense of the people as a free gift from the
Government. The incidental benefit accruing
to the country through which the road passes
is a mere incident, speculation the real object,
as the experience of these fifteen years of
delay demonstrates, the only object on the
part of these corporators being through this
munificent gift of the Government to amass
fortunes without labor or risk on their part.,
but from the labor of other men whose patient
toil through long years upon the fresh lands
of Wisconsin and further West have made the
lands embraced in the proposed grant valu-
able. Indeed, it is said that portions of those
'lands are now worth from ten to oae hundred
dollars per acre.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I know
that my friend from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
does not desire to convey any erroneous im
pressiou on this subject. I know his general
fairness, and that he would not do so know-
ingly. But he ought to state to the House that
ihe very bill which he is opposing makes it
obligatory upon this railroad company to com
rnence work immediately upon this road and
to build twenty miles of it the first year.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Double that
amount.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes;
double that amount, and the same amount
each succeeding year until the road is com-
pleted. And it' any one year they fail to
do so, then the land is to be immediately
forfeited, and placed in market without any
further legislation on the part of Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no doubt the gen-
tleman states correctly the provisions of the
bill in that respect, but there is certainly a
provision in the bill looking to a further
extension of the time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
my friend from Indiana has fallen into an error
in stating the amount of land that the State of
Wisconsin has received for railroad purposes.
I have the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office before me, and instead
of 5,000,000 acres of the public land having
been received by the State of Wisconsin, it
appears from that report that only 1,642,973
acres were received by that State.
■ Mr. HOLMAN. That is true, sir, as to
the lands actually certified to the State, but it
only demonstrates the magnitude of the grants
which are still to be filled under the differ-
ent acts of Congress, the corporations having
seized upon the lands under the various grants,
waiting until iliey have increased in value from
the general industry of the country before
applying them to the purpose for which the
donations were made. I have before me the
various grants of land made by Congress to the
State of Wisconsin. They are as iollows:
Purpose to which applied. Acres.
1. Green Bay and Mississippi Canal Com-
pany  683,728
2. Breakwater and harbor and ship-canal
at the head of Sturgeon bay. connecting
the waters of Green bay and L ike Mich-
ig:in  200,000
3. Wngon road from jb'ort Wilkins to Fort
Howard    250,000
4. Milwaukee and Rock River canal  125.431
5. Tuinnh and Lake Superior railroad  1.569.907
6 0'iic.igo and Noi til westei n railroad   6j0,000
7. Portage City and Bayfield and Superior
railroad  1,800,003
In all 5,229,063
To the Portage City and Bayfield and Supe-
rior railroad there have been granted eight-
een hundred thousand acres, and, strange
enough, that proposed road, commencing in
the southeastern portion of the State, passes
across the State into the very region of coun-
try which is to be penetrated by this same St.
Croix and Lake Superior road. If I am mis-
taken in this, it is the mistake of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. Speaker, it cannot be argued that this i9
anything more than a mere naked gift of near
a million and a half acres of the virgin soil of
Wisconsin to a body of speculators, whose
very names are unknown to the members of
the House, or perhaps only known to the gen-
tlemen from that State who are pressing the
passage of the bill. It cannot be pretended
that there is any public necessity for this grant,
when west of the proposed road, and parallel
with it, and, as I am informed, only about
thirty miles from it, another railroad, running
from St. Paul, on the Mississippi river, to
Duluth, at the western extremity of Lake
Superior, has actually been constructed by a
magnificent grant of public lands made to
the State of Minnesota. On the gionnd of
any public necessity this measure cannot be
defended.
Mr. WASHBUIiN, of Wisconsin rose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I can only yield for a
question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I wish
to correct an error. The gentleman states
that the State of Wisconsin has received five
million acres of public Itnd for the construc-
tion of railroads. As I have already shown
from the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, she has only received
some sixteen hundred thousand acres. And
in making up this five million he charges us
with this veiy land upon which we are asking
to extend this grant.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not include the lands
granted to the St. Croix and Superior road. I
shall, without hesitation, publish the figures
precisely as 1 have given them, of the number
of acres granted to the State of Wisconsin, and
the particular purposes for which the lands
were granted, and appeal to the Commis-
sioner's report for proof of their correctness.
All these lands have not been certified because
it is not to the interest of the corporal ions which
have obtained them to sell tlieni until they are
increased in value; hence the delay in .com-
mencing the improvements under these giants.
The grants amount, as set forth on pages
250, 251, and 252 of the Commissioner's last
report, to 5,229.006 acres, and on page 253
the Commissioner states the number of acres
actually certified and patented under the grants
at 1.479,710 acres. I think if any argument
could be made stronger than another against
these grants itis the fact, here stated, that these
grants of over five million acres of laud are
actually held suspended from year to jear un-
settled and withheld from the people rriani*
