1871.
TSE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1525
Mr. DICKEY. I submit that that amend-
ment is not in order. This paragraph has
nothing to do with the Bureau of Military
Justice.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not in
order at this point.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
For refurnishing the President's House, $11,464 89.
Mr. BECK. I desire to offer, by way of.
amendment, an additional paragraph, to come
ia at this point, as follows:
To make up deficiency in appropriation for Cap-
itol police for the fiscal year ending Jane 30,1871
$11,544.as follows: for one captain, $288: two lieu-
tenants, at $300 each, $600; twenty-five privates for
twelve months, at $334 each per annum. $9,600; and
three privates for eleven months, at $384 eaeh per
annum, SI .050; making a total of $11,544.
Mr. Speaker, this matter was referred to me
by the Committee on Appropriations, to ex-
amine and report upon it, and after a very
full examination I find that we have cut down
the number of the Capitol police one half, or
thereabouts; but their pay is not proportion-
ately cut down; it is cut down beyond the
amount provided by law.
Mr. LAWRENCE. There is no law for this
appropriation.
Mr. BECK. I beg the gentleman's pardon ;
there is. By the act of May 2, 1828, the Pre-
siding Officers of the two Houses were author-
ized to fix the compensation of the police of the
Capitol. (Statutes-at-Large, vol. 4, page 266.)
By virtue of that authority the pay of the cap-
tain was fixed at $1,740; private, $1,100. By
?ct of April 23, 1854, twenty per cent. " upon
their present pay" was added thereto. (Stat-
utes at Large, vol. 10,page276.) Bytheactof
July 28,1866, twenty per cent, upon their pres-
entpayis allowed. (Statutes-at-Large, vol. 14,
page 323.) The effect of the proposed amend-
ment is simply to appropriate a sum sufficient
to pay the compensation now due under ex-
isting laws, the appropriation at the last ses-
sion of Congress being that amount less than
they are entitled to. This being the law, I
was compelled to recommend the amendment
which I have offered.
The question was taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Bureau of Freedmen, Refugees, and Abandoned
Lands:
For support of Freedmen's Hospital and Asylum
at Washington, District of Columbia, $3,000.
Mr. "WOOD. I move to strike out that para-
graph,-and 1 do it because, to usetbe language
of the gentleman who has charge of this bill,
this proposed appropriation is not in pursuance
of any law whatever. I find that in this and
in the subsequent paragraphs it is proposed
to appropriate $139,000 for deficiencies in the
Freedmen's Bureau. Under the joint resolu-
tion adopted on the 25th of July, 1868, the
Freedmen's Bureau was to discontinue entirely
and altogether on the 1st of January, 1869.
They were allowed to use the appropriations
then existing to wind up their business abso-
lutely and entirely, with the exception of that
relating to the education of freedmen and to
the pensions of colored soldiers; and a sub-
sequent resolution permitted the continuance
of the hospital for freedmen in the District of
Columbia, but only to exhaust the appropria-
tions then on hand. Now, sir, the Commis-
sioner of the Freedmen's Bureau has continued
these, not only without authority of law, but
uu. defiance of the joint resolution that expressly
declares that they shall cease altogether and
entirely. I submit for these reasons that there
can be no justification for an appropriation of
this kind under the circumstances.
Sir, we have already been sufficiently de-
frauded by the Freedmen's Bureau. The vil-
lainies proved against that bureau, the plunder
Cjf the public Treasury of the people's money,
demand that we should stop these appropri-
ations. Since 1861 they have disbursed over
twenty million dollars, without accounting in
apy fortn, way, or shape for one half of that
sum. I say, sir, the men who have the charge
of this bureau should be abundantly satisfied
with the plunder they have already obtained
from the public Treasury without now desiring
an appropriation of nearly one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars more. For these reasons
1 have moved to strike out this paragraph, and
I hope the House will agree to my motion!
Mr. COX obtained the floor.
Mr. McNEELY. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. COX. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOOD. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. McNEELY. I renew the motion to
strike out this paragraph, and I think after a
brief statement the House will certainly agree
to strike it out. This hospital is now upon
grounds owned by the trustees of the Howard
University. Those grounds were purchased
with moneys belonging to the Freedmen's
Bureau. This hospital was built upon those
grouuds at a cost of $75,000. All the money
paid for the ground and all the money paid
for the hospital built upon it was paid by the
United States out of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States on drafts upon the public Treasury.
After it had been built upon these grounds the
Freedmen's Bureau turned over the hospital,
transferred it to the Howard University, and
after it had done that, it made a contract with
the Howard University to pay it a rent of
$5,000 a year; and this item in this deficiency
bill is for the purpose of paying the trustees
of Howard University $5,000 for one year's
rent for a building built by the Government
itself, paid for by checks on the United States
Treasury, filled with patients, supported, treat-
ed,and clothed by money taken out of the
United States Treasury. This sum of $5,000
is for no other purpose than to go into the
hands of the trustees of that university, which
has already received out of the Treasury of the
people nearly one million dollars. Any gen-
tleman will see, by referring to page 206 of
the testimony taken before the Committee on
Education and' Labor, that the Freedmen's
Bureau, since the 1st of October, 1869, has
been paying an annual rent of $5,000 for this
hospital, which was erected by the Freedmen's
Bureau with money taken from the United
States Treasury. If you will look into this
deficiency bill you will find that it makes pro-
vision for medical stores, rations, clothing,
and all that, in other items of appropriation.
Hence, all that this item means is that we shall
be bound to keep up the contract entered into
between Geueral Howard as the Commissioner
of the Freedmen's Bureau and General How-
ard as the president of the Howard University,
to pay $5,000 a year rent out of the people's
money for a building which the people them-
selves built and paid for.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOAR. All the speeches which have
just been addressed to this House are but ad-
ditional illustrations of the hatred, the malig-
nant hatred, which the Democratic party has
so long shown toward all that are desolate,
toward all that are poor, toward all that are
oppressed, toward all that are downtrodden
in this land, toward all that were for so
many years enslaved. That party, through
its leaders 
Mr. LAWRENCE. I rise to a point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will please
state his point of order.
Mr. LAWRENCE. My point of ordsr is,
that the remarks of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hoar] are not applicable
to the clause of this bill now under consider-
ation. . ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks they
are.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The gentleman is talk-
ing about the Democratic party.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is in order, and will proceed with
his remarks.
_ Mr. HOAR. There is iu this city a hos-
pital in which are collected a large number of
aged, insane, blind, idiotic, and otherwise fee-
ble^ negroes, who have served their masters
during the best years of their health and
strength, and who, being set free by the oper-
ation of your laws and of your Constitution,
were thrown friendless and helpless upon the
Government for support. In the year 1866 you
established a bureau upon which you imposed
this duty: "the supervision and care of said
bureau shall extend to all loyal refugees and
freedmen so far as the same shall be necessary
to enable them as speedily as possible to be-
come self-supporting citizens of the United
States, and to aid them in making the freedom
conferred by proclamation of the Commander-
in-Chief, by emancipation under the laws ot
the States, and by constitutional amendment
available to them and beneficial to the Repub-
lic." Repeatedly, and from year to year, until
the present time, you have recognized and con-
firmed the acts of the Commissioner of that
bureau by specific appropriations, in which you
have enumerated each one of the objects he
has taken under his care as objects proper and
lawful to be supported by this Government.
And now the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood,] who in the beginning of the rebellion,
as mayor of the city of New York, sent to its
common council the message of which we have
all heard, stands up here in his place and moves
that this House strike out the little appropri-
ation of $5,000 for the care of these feeble,
insane, aged, and blind negroes. Sir, that is
the proposition now before this House. It is
nothing more nor less than a proposition to
turn these poor people out into the streets to
starve and perish, the unfortunate victims of
Democratic rule and of Democratic policy in
this country in times past.
In regard to the charge which has -been
made by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Mc-
Neely,] I stand here to say—and in support
of that assertion I desire to invoke any title
to confidence that I have iu the mipd of any
man here or throughout the country—I stand
here to assert that after an examination unex-
ampled for patience, for fairness, after giving
the man who made these charges against the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau sixty
days in which to make good those charges,
while the Commissioner took but three days
for his defense, not one scintilla of evidence
was proiuced before the committee in support
of a single one of those charges; and the only
persons whom that investigation condemns aro
the man who made the charges and the judges
who put their names to the minority repoit.
Mr. McNEELY. Will the gentleman say
that it is not true that General Howard built
that house out of the money of the Govern-
ment, and that we are now paying rent for
that building?
Mr. HOAR, No, sir.
Mr. McNEELY. Here is the proof, sworn
to by General Balloch, and I ask the gentle-
man to let me read it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to call the attention
of the House 
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order.
TheSPEAKER. Thegentleman will state it.
Mr. COX. Is the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Shanks] in order? He is going to speak
on the same side of the question with the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
TheSPEAKER. Two gentlemen, the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wood] and the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McNeely,] havo
spoken on the other side, and only one, the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoau,] in re-
ply to them. The Chair recognizes the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Shaxks] as entitled to
the floor.
Mr. SHANKS. I move to amend by doub-
ling the amount of the appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cos] will state his point.
