92
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Ho. op Reps.
St. Croix and Bayfield Railroad—Mr. Solman.
41st Cong. .. .3i> Sess.
festly for the purpose of securing an increase
in value by the labor and general industry of
the whole country until they shall realize^ to
the corporators the very highest price, a price
generally beyond the means of laboring men.
I therefore urge against this measure that it
cannot be defended upon any ground of pub-
lic necessity. It is a naked speculation, and
to render the speculation more effectual this
and the other grants have remained suspended,
leaving vast tracts of fertile lands in solitude,
to the injury of every landless citizen of this
Republic. The great State of Wisconsin can-
not afford to accept this grant for the benefit
of a few adventurers and grasping speculators
to the detriment and injury of the whole coun-
try, for every section of the country has an
equal interest in the public lands.
But, Mr. Speaker, I hold in my hand a
printed slip published by the Minnesotian,
I believe a leading Republican paper of the
city of Duluth,a city located within seven or
eight miles, I believe, of one of the termini of
this proposed road. It is here stated that there
were before the Committee on the Public
Lands of this House strong remonstrances
from the whole people occupying the counties
contiguous to this road, remonstrating against
the renewal of this grant,, and demanding that
these lands should be thrown open to the
enterprise and industry of the people of the
country. IIow does it happen that the House
has had no information of that fact? How does
it happen that honorable gentlemen urge such
a measure as this upon Congress, one-sided as
it inevitably is, and bring forward petitions
readily gotten up in favor of the bill, but with-
hold from the attention of the House remon-
strances l'rom the people interested in securing
these lands as actual settlers.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
answer the gentleman if he will allow me.
We have attempted to conceal 110 fact in re-
gard to this land grant. What he now states
in regard to remonstrances was adverted to
(he other day by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Randall, J and I explained then the
whole matter. I staled that I believed those
remonstrances were got up some years ago.
Mr, RANDALL. I am authorized to con-
tradict that.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The gen-
tleman will not say upon his honor that there
has been a remonstrance got up within the
last twelve months against the renewal of this
grant in the State of Wisconsin?
Mr. RANDALL. I do not know anything
but what I am authorized to state.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It is true
that a remonstrance came from the city of
Stillwater, in the State of Minnesota, and the
people there were interested in preventing this
grant from being renewed; but there has never
been a remonstrance yet from the people of
Wisconsin. I wish to say further, that the
State Legislature of Minnesota has, within the
last three days, passed a memorial with but
one dissenting vote, being the vote of the
member from the city of Duluth, asking that
Congress will renew this land grant.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is not at all surprising
that the Legislature of the State should, under
such pressure as is brought to bear daily upon
Congress, yield to the demands of a ring of
speculators seeking t,o appropriate these public
lands to their own use. But the statement is
here made, upon the authority of a reputable
Republican newspaper, that these remon-
strances were sent by the people living in the
counties along the line of this tract of land;
and yet, sir, they are not brought to the atten-
tion of the House.
The same paper says further:
"Wo are impelled by a sense of public duty, and
on behalf of the much-injured people of northern
Wisconem, to protest to members of Congress against
the perpetuation and continuation of this outrageous
speculation of needy adventurers and swindling
monopolists, who for over fifteen years havedeluded
the people of the region where those lands lie with
promises unfulfilled and lies that have brought no
fruit except barrenness and desolation, a sort of
Dead Sea fruit, that is continually ashes on the lips,
whatever fair seeming the outside may present."
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. This bill does
not interfere with the provisions of the home-
stead law.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Settlers
will still have the right to the alternate sec-
tions.
Mr. HOLMAN. But the alternate sections
of this very grant have been monopolized by
speculators. The population of the counties
along the line of this road, coupled with the
statement made, by the gentleman from Wis-
consin the other day, shows conclusively that
if these lands have been sold to the extent
which the gentleman then assumed, they
have been bought at $2 50 per acre by spec-
ulators. This is the inevitable result. The
speculators are prompt in securing the con-
trol of the alternate sections. The soldiers
who sought homesteads under the act of last
July, upon the alternate sections of railroad
grants, found that the railroad speculators had
already appropriated for speculation almost
every valuable acre of the alternate sections.
The railroad rings leave little that is valuable
to the people. The homestead settler must
generally go far beyond the limits of a rail-
road grant before he finds a tract of land free
from the grasp of the monopolists.
-But, Mr. Speaker, these measures are all
alike indefensible. They alike spring from a
sordid and selfish spirit of speculation which
would sacrifice great public interests and the
just rights of multitudes of people in the un-
scrupulous struggle to acquire fortune without
honest labor, or, if possible, more despicable,
to increase an already overgrown estate. They
monopolize, or at the least aid to monopo-
lize the public lands, which should be free to
the landless and the actual settler. They pro-
duce a few great fortunes and leave multitudes
without any escape from poverty. _ They bring
odium on the management of public affairs and
demoralize the standard of public duty. And
the results, sir, are ever the same. Special
privileges and franchises are granted to a few
men on the pretense of.some public benefit,
and the accumulated and combined wealth
springing from them ultimately defies legisla-
tive restraint and oppresses the people. It is
only when the evil is beyond remedy that the
country feels what hateful thing3 monopolies
are—the more odious in a-free country because
they seem to have their origin in the consent
of the very people they oppress. And yet,
sir, the most dangerous monopolies ever fast-
ened on this country were created in utter
defiance of public opinion. Did the people
of this country in fact consent to the sover-
eign franchises conferred on the Northern
Pacific Radroad Company at the last session
of Congress ?
Mr. Speaker, no measure of legislation ever
excited more public opposition in the country
than the grant made to that company during
the last session, and yei, the franchises were
granted, and we begin to, see their magnitude.
Since that grant was made the mode in which
a great railroad corporation, the rnqst power-
ful ever organized, proposes to carry out its
purpose and exercise its powers has been at
least partially disclosed by a circular issued
by Messrs. Jay Cooke & Co., who are found
to be the agents of that corporation. I shall
ask, sir, that two paragraphs from this circu-
lar which I hold in my hand may be read, as
indicating the views and purposes of the small
circle of millionaires to whom you granted such
imperial possessions. Here, sir, we shall see
the magnitude of your beneficence and the
ambitious designs of these princely subjects
of your bounty. This circular is signed " Jay
Cooke & Co."
The Clerk read as follows:
" The Land Grant— The Northern Pacific railroad
land grant is larger than the six New England States
•with'Maryland added, or as large as the two States
of Ohio and Indiana combined. The average of soil
is very fertile and theclimate is pleasant and health-
ful. With the railroad built through the midst of
these lands their value can be estimated by the
present price of similar lands along the line ol other
roads. For example, the Illinois Central railroad
grant of only 2,595,000 acres, the sales from which
already exceed $24,000,000, will yield the company
at least $30,000,000, an average of over eleven dollars
per acre. As the building of the Northern Pacific
railroad progresses the lands of the company will
be thrown open to sale and settlement at moderate
prices and on easy terms of payment. As each
twenty-live milo section of the road is completed
and accepted the Government conveys to the rail-
road company a proportionnte amount, some six
hundred thousand acres of land. Thus the com-
pany will soon come into full possession of some
three million acres in Minnesota, this first install-
ment being greater than the entire Illinois Central
grant.
" Jimioration Scheme—r£o facilitate and render cer-
tain the rapid sale and settlement of its lands, and
to promote the early development of the entire belt
of northwestern States and Territories tributary to
the road, the Northern Pacific Railroad Company is
now organizing a department of emigration. The
system adopted is comprehensive, practical, and on
a scale hitherto unattcmpted by any corporation or
Government. In connection with this work of fos-
tering emigration from Europe and the thickly-peo-
pled parts of our own country to the Northwest will
be employed some of our most eminent and trust-
worthy citizens, both native and foreign-born."
Mr. HOLMAN. Prom this circular it ap-
pears that Messrs. Jay Cooke and J. Edgar
Thomson, two gentlemen who have accumu-
lated unwieldy estates out of your financial
system, are the trustees of their brother capi-
talists in this nation-forming enterprise. They
modestly estimate the grant you made them
of the people's land at over fifty million acres,
"the value of which can be estimated by the
present price of similar lands;" and we are
further informed that as the trifling grant of
2,505,000 acres to the Illinois Central Railroad
Company yielded "at least $30,000,000," we
may readily imagine what this imperial posses-
sion of over fifty million acres of "similar
lands'' will yield to these fortunate favorites of
Congress. They only propose for the present
to accept of a loan of $50,000,000—a mere
bagatelle—"a limited portion" of which will
be offered to American capitalists as offeringa
"better investment than Government bonds."
But the ambitious purposes of these gentle-
men are not limited to mere matters of busi-
ness and revenue. A department of emigra-
tion is to be organized on a com prehensive sys-
tem, "and 011 a scale hitherto unattempted
by any corporation or Government." These
gentlemen are certainly correct in assuming
that no other corporation was ever inspired by
such vaulting ambition, for no other Govern-
ment, no matter how imperial, ever conferred
on its favorites such dominions and preroga-
tives as Congress has conferred as a free gift
on these aristocratic representatives of cen-
tralized wealth and corporate power. In mod-
ern times England, France, Holland, and Spain
have attempted systems of emigration; but
your private corporation will inaugurate a
system 011 a scale of magnitude " hitherto un-
attempted," andunderits auspices States and
Territories are to be organized and peopled;
and who, sir, that has watched the develop-
ment of power which even comparatively small
corporations exert in directing public affairs
and controlling legislation, can doubt the ab-
solute power that that corporation will exert
over the public and political affairs of that
vast region you have consigned to its control?
Can such power be lodged in the hands of
an irresponsible corporation with safety ? No,
sir; the danger to which the free institutions
of ihis Republic are exposed is to be found
in the compact secret and irresponsible power
