700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
lature are required to be citizens of the dif-
ferent tribes represented, and are to be elected
by the qualified voters of the respective tribes.
In this section the power and authority here-
tofore exercised by Congress over all ques-
tions,of trade and intercourse among these
tribes is surrendered to the control of the In-
dians; a just concession to their intelligence
and capability of self government.
Section seven provides for the establishment
0/ courts in this Indian territory, which shall
take the place of the court outside of that terri-
tory, and which now-exercisesjurisdietion over
it. if the judges are appointed by the Presi-
dent, and may be other than members of these
nations, it can be no worse than the present
condition of things, when we see that the judge
now having the same jurisdiction is a citizen
and resident of the State of Arkansas. But
the juries and clerks and bailiffs, and perhaps
other officials of the courts organized by this
bill, will be members of the Indian tribes; and
thus these Indians will have the right denied
to no other people in all this broad land, the
right to be tried by a jury of their peers in
their own country.
Section ieo abolishes the Indian agencies for
the Clierokees, Choctaws, Chickasaws, Creeks,
and Seminoles—a wise provision, saving to the
Government of the United States, as stated by
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Van Horn]
who has charge of this bill, about twenty thou-
sand dollars per annum, and dispensing with a
useless corps of officers who, in nine cases out
of ten, are inferior in point of education and
ability to those whom they are supposed to
have under their especial care and protection.
The questions were asked the other day if
the schools among these Indians were not sup-
ported by the United States Government, and
if their educate'd men were not educated at the
expense of the United States. The answer is
in 1 he negative. The public schools in these
nations are supported by their own money,
and their educated men have never cost this
Goverumentadollar. It is manifest, then, that
this bill does improve upon the present ''ad-
ministration of justice" among these Indians,
and therefore, unless a better plan can be sug-
gested, should receive the support of this
House.
The Indians have led the advance in the con-
solidation of their tribes into a territorial form
of government. They have recently adopted
a constitution, and have called their consol-
idated government the "Indian territory."
They have sent such constitution to this Con-
gress for its ratification. What shall we do?
Pass the bill now before us, or ratify the con-
stitution of Ocmulgee, or do nothing, and thus
leave that territory in its present condition?
In my opinion, something should be done.
We should either go forward or backward. At
the last session Congress appropriated some
$10,000 to pay the expenses of the first Legis-
lative Assembly, which met in September and
December last, and is to meet again in June
next. This Legislature, or grand council, as it
is called, was elected and convened by author-
ity of the treaties of 1806, and under the direc-
tion of the Indian Bureau. It has legislative
powers defined by the treaties. Further appro-
priations will be asked for and granted. Now,
to do nothing would present the absui'd spec-
tacle of paying the expenses of a legislative
body competent by the treaties to make laws,
with no court in Christendom authorized to
take cognizance of them.
If we are to choose between the bill and the
constitution of Ocmulgee, I much prefer the
bill. The constitution organizes a State gov-
ei.iment having no relations of responsibility
to the United States. It is to be called the
'•Indian Territory," but is to have all the ma-
chinery of a special State organization. Under
that constitution the Government of the Uni-
ted States would have no supervision whatever
over the Indians or the Territory, and would
have no responsibility except to make the
necessary appropriations. We are already
paying the expenses of the grand council, and
the salary of the superintendent of Indian
affairs, who is, by the treaties, ex officio Gov-
ernor of the Territory. I presume all the ex-
penses of this Indian State are to be paid by
the United States Government; yet we are to
have no further jurisdiction or control over it
than we have over Mexico. I do not believe
such a state of things would conduce to the
welfare of the Indians or the interests of this
Government.
But there is another objection which merits
consideration. The Ocmulgee constitution is
not authorized by the treaties with these In-
dians ; on the contrary, it is a wide departure
from some material provisions of such trea-
ties. All the treaties of 1866 stipulate that
the superintendent of Indian affairs shall be
the Executive of the Territory. In the tenth
section of the eighth article of the Choctaw
and Chickasaw treaty of 1866 it is " agreed
that the superintendent of Indian affairs shall
be the Executive of the said Territory, with
the title of Governor of the Territory of Okla-
homa." The Ocmulgee constitution ignores
this provision of the treaty, and provides that
the Executive of the Territory shall be elected
from the members of some of the tribes and
sustain 110 relations of responsibility to the
Government of the United States. The twelfth
section of the eighth article of the same treaty
reads as follows:
"And the United States agree that iu theappoint-
ment of marshals and deputies, preference, qualifi-
cations being equal, shall be given to competent
members of the said nations ; the obiect being to
create a laudable ambition to acquire the experience
necessary for political offices of importance in the
respective nations."
These extracts show conclusively that it was
understood and agreed by both parties to these
treaties that the principal officers of this Ter-
ritory should be appointed by this Govern-
ment, and be responsible to it for the faithful
discharge of their duties.
The bill reported by the Indian Commit-
tee provides for the appointment by the Presi-
dent of the officers of the Territory, while
the Ocmulgee constitution says they shall be
elected. I believe the Indians should have a
liberal representation in the offices of the Ter-
ritory. In the population of over fifty thou-
sand, composing what is known as the five
civilized nations—the Choctaws, Chickasaws,
Creeks, Seminoles, and Cherokees—there are
many men of cultivation, refinement, and tal-
ent who would grace any position in this Ter-
ritory ; and I would be willing to vote for an
amendment which would effectually secure
these Indians a full representation in the im-
portant offices to be filled under this bill.
If objection is made to incorporating these
Indians more closely into the civil affairs of
our Government, I do not share in it. There
may be gentlemen on this floor, and upon my
side of it, too, who would object to the admis-
sion of an Indian here as a Delegate to look
after the interests of his people. I would
remind such that the time has been, in the
old and chivalrous days, when the proudest
Representative ever sent here from Virginia
boasted in these Halls that in his veins ran
Indian blood. But there was no spirit of caste
which ostracized John Randolph of Roanoke,
lie trod this floor and the floor of the Senate
with the lofty demeanor of an Indian prince,
asserting everywhere his aboriginal lineage,
and challenging and receiving social homage
i from all. Sir, I have no prejudices against the
| Indian. He is a native and a proprietor of this
land. I know the people mentioned in this bill.
I have been associated with them in business
i relations. I have met among them men who
were as full of a proper and patriotic spirit
and as capable of legislating for the interests
of- their people as is any gentleman on this
floor representing any constituency, I care not
how refined or exalted.
I thank the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Van Horn*] for giving me this opportunity
to present to the House my views upon this
important question.
Mr. VAN HOKN. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Armstrong,J
my colleague on the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I do not rise at this
time for the purpose of discussing this bill
upon its merits, but for the purpose of making
a motion. It is known to the House that
when this bill was reported, the Ocmulgee con-
stitution adopted by the Indians themselves
was not then in possession of the Committee
on Indian Affairs. Upon a careful considera-
tion of the question the committee have con-
cluded to ask the House to recommit this bill
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, with leavq
to report it again at a future time.
It was also stated when this bill was before
.the House that the Committee oil Territories
claimed the right to control the measure.
The Committee on Indian Affairs and the
Committee on Territories have consulted over
the matter, and have agreed upon this motion
to recommit this bill to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, with instructions to consider
the same in connection with the Committee on
Territories, and with leave to report the same
at any time on or after Thursday, the 2d day
of February next. I therefore make that
motion at this time.
I desire to add, in this connection, that the
bill as it now stands meets my own entire ap-
probation. I suppose that any amendment
which may be made to this bill will not mate-
rially change its leading features, but, would
render it more in accord, if possible, with the
constitution which the 1 ndians themselves have
adopted. This view, as I understand it, is in
accordance with the express desire of the Sec-
retary of the Interior and of the Committee on
Indian Affairs and of the Committee on Terri-
tories.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask leave to submit sun-
dry amendments which I have prepared, to
be referred with this bill to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. CULLOM. I rise to second the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Armstrong.] As is well known to the House,
the Committee on Territories have been twice
instructed to investigate this question. The
Committee on Territories do not desire any
conflict with the Committee on Indian Affairs;
and they are entirely willing, for the purpose
of arriving at what should be done in relation
to this matter, that this bill shall be committed
back again to the committee to consider it in
connection with the Committee on Territories,
according to the suggestion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Armstrong.] I hope
the House will agree to that by unanimous
consent.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to me for a question?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. I have not had the oppor-
tunity of examining this bill closely, but I
understand the twelfth section proposes to
take from the Indians all the lands they have
bought and paid for, or acquired in any way,
except the one hundred and sixty acres to each
individual.
Mr. VAN HORN. I would remark to the
gentleman from Indianathat the twelfth section
provides just the opposite of what he has stated.
It is framed to prevent any land from being
taken from the Indians which they now have,
and simply provides that as regards all lands
not belonging to the Indians the title shall be
in the United States ; that is all.
Mr, NIBLACK. Is it not so now ?
Mr. VAN HORN. I explained the other
day the meaning of the twelfth section. I stated
that the Indians claimed a portion of land
which had been acquired from Texas under the
provisions of tho treaty of 1805, allowing them
a western outlet, and that this section was drawn
