18*71.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
41st Gong....3d Sess.
St. Croix and Bayfield Railroad—Mr. Holman.
Ho. of Eeps.
lodged in the great corporations you are cre-
ating: The pending bill, if it becomes a law,
only adds another sinew to the strength of the
Northern Pacific corporation.
And thus, sir, this imperial domain, larger
than all New England and Maryland, which
you have taken from the people, from landless
men of labor for all coming time, vests in two
great bankers, Jay Cooke and J. Edgar Thom-
son ; who, with overgrown wealth and power,
given to them by your financial policy, now
propose to control the destinies of States—
States of Jay Cooke & Co. Certainly not such
States as have swelled the constellation of the
Union by the free emigration and self-reliant
settlement of independent men.
Yes, sir, this road from St. Croix to Supe-
rior and Bayfield will be, in the very nature of
things, from the geographical position of the
road, but a tributary of this imperial corpo-
ration which is to centralize to itself the com-
mercial and political power of that extensive
region, not only controlling vast commercial
interests unknown hitherto in private corpo
rations, but forming and molding States and
controlling Legislatures. Indeed, sir, looking
at the future as indicated by this scheme of
the Northern Pacific corporation, a natural
outgrowth from this system of land grants, we
see more clearly the danger that menaces us
in the future ; great political results influenced
and controlled by the hidden agency of pri-
vate corporations, irresponsible power under-
mining the very foundations of free govern-
ment. Combined wealth and power must be
more forbearing in the future than in' the past,
if public liberty can survive the maturity of
the fatal germs you have planted.
Mr. WliLKHR. 1 desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana to a state-
ment, he made in relation to the quantity of
land granted to the Northern Pacific railroad:
The gentleman's remarks may be misunder-
stood. Of course he did not mean to say that
by the bill passed at the last session of Con-
gress so large a quantity of land had been
granted to the Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany. I presume that he intended to incor-
porate in the statement the original land grant
made to the corporation as well as that made
in the bill passed last session ; for that bill did
not appropriate anything near so large a quan-
tity of land.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. YVelkjsb] of course is correct. He mis-
apprehends me. The grant originally made to
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company is esti-
mated at forty-seven million acres. TheEepub
lican national committee, sitting in this Cajpi-
tol during the last campaign, estimated, in the
campaign document before me, the additional
grant at only eleven million acres, making the
grant fifty eight million acres. The Northern
Pacific Railroad Company, in the circular to
which I have called attention, modestly esti-
mates their entire land grant at simply " over
fifty million acres," without entering into de-
tail. The extent, of course, of the additional
grant will depend on the point on the main
line from which the company shall determine
to construct the northern branch of their road.
With the power in their own hands, I shall
consider the country fortunate if this addi-
tional grant does not exceed twenty-five mil-
lion acres.
1 shall regret, Mr. Speaker, if any partisan
consideration shall aid the passage of this or
any other land grant. On the contrary, if Re-
publican members on this floor keep good faith
with their constituents no further "land grants
can be made. In the recent election for mem
bers of the Forty-Second Congress, and iu this
Hall before the last adjournment, the hostility
of the Democratic party to these grants was
clearly defined, and it has not been customary,
sir, for the representatives of that party to
forget their pledges or the source of their
authority. In the great appeal to the people
in the coming yefir the Democratic party1 will
place itself in positive hostility to the'agencies
which are now ceaselessly centralizing^ in the
few the resources and wealth of this country,
agencies more powerful and more fatal than
ever before destroyed the just and equal rights
cif a people.
They will deflate that these agencies ahd
monopolies created by Congress, by' wh'ich
enormous private fortunes have been and afe
to be made by reducing millions of our people
to poverty, should cease. No more subsidies
and not another acre of lah'd fof corporations.
But I have said, sir, that if gentlemen oil the
other side of the House act in good faith—and
I am compelled to assume that they will—no
further land grants will be made. The congres-
sional central committee of that party were
here after the last adjournment flooding thfe
country with political documents. 1 hold in
my hand one entitled "Land and Labor."
This address of the committee was widfely dis-
tributed, at least in the West, to assuage the
indignation felt by all honorable men at the
shameful squandering of the public lands.
The addregs, utider the caption "What the
Republican party has done for labor," lfiakes"
this pledge to the country.
The Clerk read as follows :
" It [the Republican party] has given guarantee, by
a solemn and unanimous declaration of the House
of Representatives, that the future land r-olicy of
the party shall be in the interest of individual occu-
pation and ownership, and opposed to sales or grants
under conditions which wilt admit tho further
growth of personal or corporate monopoly.
"And finally, it has given practical evidence ol'its
fidelity to the principles of laud distiibution to actual
occupants through its organized land committees,
and m tho defeat of numerous land-grant bills at
the recent session of Congress."
Mr. HOLMAN. The address does not men-
tion thdt after this " solemn and unanimous
declar'a'fiott of the House"—referring to the
unanimous vote on the proposition 1 had the
hoiidi' tt) submit to the House on the 19th day
of last M^rch against those grants—the party
passed two bills making enormous grants, but
yet, with this pledge made to the country on
the eve of the election of a House of Repre-
sentatives, common fairness compels me to
assume that the pledge will be redeemed. We
shalj see, sir, when this bill and the southern
Pacific railroad bill come to a vote.
Yes, sir, the Republican party is committed
against these grants by this pledge of its recog-
nized committee; and I call the attention of
my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Washbuhn]
to the fact that the Republican party, if it acts
in good faith to the people, is estopped from
making this or any other grant of public lands
to corporations. You are pledged not to do it.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. And the same with
the Ohio State Republican convention.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir; and in my own
State. Sir, no party, no matter what its ante-
cedents may be, can afford to violate' its faith
with the people. You cannot, gentlemen,
afford to deceive the people in a matter so
vital to their interests; you cannot afford to
obtain seats in Congress on pledges which are
made for the occasion, not to be carried out m
good faith. Is it not time to stop these grauts?
During eighty-seven years of our history prior
to 1861 Congress had granted to States for
canals and roads 33,677,212 acres of public
land, and in nine years since 1881 Congress
has granted to States and corporations, mostly
directly to corporations, 108,619,508 acres of
public lands for such purposes. Is it not time
to stop?
Sir, in spite of the very magnificent show-
ing of the extent of the public domain made by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
1,038,113,646 acres, including 309,529,000 for
Alaska, it is very clear that when you deduct
the vast area of country covered by the Rocky
mountains, the Sierra Nevada, and the Cascade"
ranges, and the desert which skirts the base of
the Rocky mountains, and the lakes and rivers,
and the frozen region of Alaska, there is not
in all the States and Territories adapted to cul-
tivation more than five or six hundred million
acres of surveyed and unsurveyed public land.
I fear that even this estimate is too high ; and
yet from this the great body of land grants
already made is to be deducted. These lands,
as shown by the report of the Commissioner
of the'Greneral Land Office, are being appro-
priated under the homestead and preemption
laws at the rate of 6,000,000 acres a year, home-
stead entries having increased last year 408,441
acres. It is clear that if even every acre of the
public lands is reserved for actual settlers,
under the munificent provisions of the home-
stead and preemption laws, and for education,
without reference to that magnificent system
of immigration which is to be inaugurated by
a private corporation to settle States, in a very
few years, pierhaps within the next generation,
the lands of this country will have been appro-
priated by a hardy aiid industrious population,
living upoti lauds which they owti and which
they wbuld makfe fruitful by their own labor.
Sit, the greatest good that can be conferred
upoti this nation would be a confirmed poliey
that the public lands are held by the nation
only in a sacred trust to furnish homes for the
landless, and not speculation or monopoly.
The confirmed public opinion, that not one
acre of this public domaita shall be appro-
priated in the futnrfe to purposes of speculation
and private emolument beyond that which
may result from actual settlement and culti-
vation of the land by its owner, would do
more than all else to perpetuate the free insti-
tutions of this country. Land monopoly is
the death of a republic, and the general pos-
session of freeholds by the people is the only
guarantee that it will live. Such is the lessori
of all history.
Gentlemen argue that the construction of
railroads by land grants will increase the value
of the lands. Certainly it will increase the
price if not the value of the lands"; and that is
the very result to be deplored. I deny the
soundness of the statesmanship that would
favor by agencies of Government the increase
of the price of lauds, placing them beyond the
reach of laboring men. Government cannot
interfere with the natural results of population
and enterprise; but I deny that it is the true
poliey of a free Government, representing tho
whole people, to encourage and stimulate the
mad race for fortune, especially in that vast
body of artificial wealth which, while it lives
on the very vitals of labor, does from its very
nature and the method of its creation, make a
few rich and consign multitudes to poverty.
Jay Cooke & Co. in this circular put the mort-
gage debt of our railroads at $650,000,000,
and the stock represents vastly more.
The enormous accumulation of the national
bank system, increasing annually at from ten
to twenty-five per cent. 1 How few, sir, of the
whole people are the owners of all this wealth,
yet how heavily it rests on and taxes every
element of labor! It is true, sir, that the
wealth of this country is rapidly increasing,
but it is the wealth of the few, not the natural,
wealth, that diffuses itself among the whole
people. It is easy to foresee how all this will
enhance the price of land, how it will tend to
monopolize the lands of this country. All
this is bad enough, and so far as produced by
the financial policy of the Government it is
intolerable and not to be borne; but to urge
a land grant on the argument that it will en-
hance the price of uncultivated lands to which
labor has added no value, diminishing the
hope of tho laboring man of becoming an
independent freeholder, is simply monstrous,
