1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1527
eially to devote to schools and for asylums the
baiauees which should be lefc unexpended
from other specific appropriations. To this
end it invested him with large discretion, and
placed in bim the largest confidence, which he
has so fully justified. In the discharge of his
great and difficult office he has planted new
and undying laurels on his own brow and on
that of the American people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
The question was on the motion to strike out
the paragraph.
Mr. LAWRENCE. There is a mistake in
the paragraph as it appears in the bill, and,
before the question is taken on the motion to
strike out, I desire to offer an amendment to
the paragraph as follows :
In lieu of the words " support of" insert " pay of
medical officers and attendance in;" so it will read:
" For pay of medical officers and attendance in Freed-
men's Hospital and Asylum at Washington, District
of Columbia. $5,000."
I will state the reason for makingthis change.
If gentlemen will refer to House Executive
Document No. 17, deficiency estimates of
Secretary of the Treasury, on page 7, they will
find under the head '"War Department, Mis-
cellaneous," that there is a general heading
" SupportofFreedmen's Hospital andAsylum,
Washington, District of Columbia," under
which is the item " for pay of medical officers
and attendance, $5,000." The clerk ot the
committee, in making up this bill, took the
heading and incorporated it into this clause,
omitting the specific clause, which should have
been inserted. The amendment which I offer
is merely to correct this, and to put the clause
in the bill in the shape in which the committee
had intended it should appear. The following
letler from the Commissioner of the Freed-
men's Bureau explains how the deficiency
under this head has arisen :
"To explain the cause of this deficiency, it will bo
remembered that Congress reappropriated money
already appropriated tor the support of this bureau
just at the close of the lost session, as follows: to
Wilberforce University. Ohio, $25,000; to Lincoln
University. Pennsylvania, $12,000; making $37,000.
. Ia:so counted upon $10,000 that a decision ot the
hono-able Secretary of the Treasury covered into
the T> r isnry for the repairs of the marine hospital
at New *V4eans, Louisiana, and also uoon about
$12 000 ih.it a decision of the Court of Claims, not
anticipated, required to pay emoluments to retained
officers. I may also add that S50.000 of the original
appropriation was reappropriated previously to the
Agricultural Department. ...... ,
"Again, a regular appropriation tor the sataues
of agents and clerks to pay bounties and claims to
colored soldiers, siiilors, and marines, amounting to
upward of $1,000,000, andtheregularsuppliesfor the
hospitals and asylums of $75,000, were not asked for,
on account of pending legislation which would change
the channel or tnodeof responsibility. All these ex-
penditures have been met, as far as possible. by the
unexpended balances. But the sum asked tor is
necessary, and it is believed will be sufficient tor the
current year ending June 30,1871.
0. 0. HOW ARD,
Brig. Gen. U. S. A., Commissioner, &c."
■ The committee have not included them in
this bill, and this correction is therefore
made. There is no provision for the rent of
Howard University at all. I may say further
that whatever may be our policy as to the con-
tinuance of the Freedmen's Bureau, there are
now some three or four hundred colored per-
sons in the charge of this hospital, maimed,
blind, halt, lame, afflicted in every conceiva-
ble way. We must either pass this appropria-
tion bill, or turn them out to starve, and that,
I take it, will not be done. ^
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I have parti-
cipated in no part of the debate to-day except-
ing such as pertains to this bill, nor do I pro-
pose at this stage of the session to do so. I
desire to give the gentleman from New York
f Mr. Cox] some reasons for this deficiency bill.
The bill itself sums up $10,000,000. In that
$10,000,000 are $4,000,000 which are not a
deficiency in the appropriation but a deficiency
in the revenues of the Post Office Department,
which was omitted in the proper appropria-
tion bill of last year. Deduct those $4,000,000
from the sum total, and it leaves $6,000,000,
a smaller deficiency bill than those which we
were compelled to pass last year to supply
deficiencies in the expenditures for the closing
year of Mr. Johnson's administration, and as
small as the average of the deficiency bills for
the last ten years. There were deficiency bills
during that model Administration of the Dem-
ocratic party in which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] began his political life,
and in which he shone in a distinguished man-
ner for a while by opposing its usurpation and
its encroachments upon civil liberty. That
Administration began its career with a public
debt of $10,000,000, in a time of profound
peace, and ended it with a public debt of
$70,000,000, and with the public credit ruined
in the markets of the world. And, sir, it
brought deficiency bills year after year up for
the support of my friend from New York as
large upon the average as this. This is smaller
than the deficiency bills, taken together, of last
year, which supplied what was expended the
year before, under Mr. Johnson's administra-
tion.
Mr. COX. Before the gentleman sits down
I would like to ask him a question. Why was
it not possible last year to have foreseen these
various appropriations which are now deficien-
cies? Was it to make a good show to carry
the elections? I hope not. Why did not the
gentleman, with his extraordinary foresightand
knowledge of the workings of our financial
system, anticipate this great deficiency in the
public Treasury for certain purposes? Were
these appropriations omitted simply to make
a show before the people, or because he did
not know what the public demands might be?
Mr. DAWES. The appropriations of the
last year and the expenditures of the last year
have come nearer together than they have
done for the last ten years ; and, sir, the ap-
propriations of last year were made in fidelity
and" with a strict adherence to what it was the
belief of the Committee on Appropriations
were the necessities of the Government. If
they could have done what they would they
would have made it a penitentiary offense to
expend one dollar beyond the appropriations.
They did enact a law making it unlawful to
expend one dollar beyond the appropriations,
and, sir, ndt a dollar has been expended,
so far as I am able to discover, but what the
necessities of the Government required—in-
herited necessities, not created by this Admin-
istration.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McNEELY obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me one
word?
Mr. McNEELY. I will yield to the gentle-
man for a moment.
Mr. COX. I wish to say one word m reply
to what the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] has said. He appears as the champion
of economy in this House, and yet he appears
here as the defender of this vicious system of
appropriation bills.
Mr. DAWES. No, sir.
Mr. COX. You do, sir.
Mr. DAWES. No, sir.
Mr. COX. Then, I am glad to hear it.
Mr. DAWES. Not here or anywhere.
Mr. COX. Then why do you bring them in
here and defend them? Why does the gentle-
man from Ohio. [Mr. Lawrence,] your lieu-
tenant, [laughter,] bring them in and defend
them ? I would rather blot the whole bill out.
I will vote against it.
Mr. LA WHENCE. Allow me a question.
Mr. COX. No; not while I am making a
point. [Laughter.] i would break down the
whole business of deficiency bills rather than
to have this system continue of appropriating
nearly eleven million dollars in this loose way.
My friend from Massachusetts will join with
me, 1 doubt not, in saying that the people of
this country would gain largely, that it would
be a great matter of economy, if we could wipe
out every deficiency and put this Administra-
tion on its economy and accountability. I be-
lieve it would be wise for us to vote this down
now, and make them study something besides
how to aggrandize the expenditures, to study
economy in the best way possible for the inter-
ests of the people.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
allow me a question?
Mr. COX. A question, yes.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Has there ever been a
fiscal year when there was not a deficiency
appropriation bill ?
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will say that I am speaking in the time of
my friend from Illinois, [Mr. McNeely.] I
had forgotten that in my hurry to answer the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. McNEELY. When I addressed the
House a few minutes ago in regard to this
hospital I then stated that the hospital had
been built by the Commissioner of the Freed-
men's Bureau on ground purchased by the
Government, with money paid out of the
Treasury of the Government. I stated that
on the 1st day of October, 1809, that hospital,
thus built, was turned over in charge of the
trustees of the Howard University, and that
since that time, under a contract between
the trustees of Howard University and the
Freedmen's Bureau, that university had been
receiving a rent for that hospital at the rate
of $-5,000 a year. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] if that statement
is not correct ?
Mr. HOAR. If the gentleman will allow
me just one minute; I will not exceed that
time.
Mr. McNEELY. Is that statement cor-
rect? You can answer that.
Mr. HOAR. 1 do not propose to allow the
gentleman to cross-examine me. If he will
give me one minute I will state the faet as
it is.
Mr. McNEELY. Does the gentleman dis-
pute my statement? 1 will read from the tes-
timony. If the gentleman will turn to page
211 of the printed testimony taken before the
Committee on Education and Labor he will
find that articles were entered into, on the one
part by Major Brown, late the disbursing offi-
cer of the Freedmen's Bureau, and on the
other part by Mr. Evans and Mr. Entwisle,
by which this hospital was rented to the Freed-
men's Bureau for an annual rental of $5,000,
to be paid to the Howard University. Here
is a portion of the testimony of Major Brown,
to which I refer:
" Question. Have you a voucher for your first
payment on account of the hospital ?
"Answer. Yes, sir. There is the contract, there
the certificate of the architect, there is the voucher.
"The documents referred to were introduced in
evidence:
"'Articles of agreement, made and entered into
this 16th day of July, A. D. 1868, between Brevet
Major J. M. Brown, disbursing otBcer Bureau Refu-
gees, Frcedmen, and Abandoned Lands, of ^the one
part, and Thomas Evans and Thomas B. lintwisle,
residents of Washington city, District ot Columbia,
of the other part.' "
The records of Howard University were
produced, and extracts from the proceedings
of the trustees were put in evidence. I quote
one extract from proceedings of September
10, 1869, fifty-first meeting, (page 87 :)
"The committee on rental of hospital buildings
made their report, recommending that the portion
of their buildings in use by the freedmen s hospital
be rented to the Bureau of Rofugees, 1' reedmen, and
Abandoned Lands for $5,000 per annum, and the
school-house tor ten dollars per month. J^sed.
"Mr. Bascom moved that the rent oftnat Por-
tion of the university building now occupied by the
Freedmen's Bureau be 53,000 per annum. Passed.
General Balloch, disbursing officer for the
Freedmen's Bureau, testified as follows to a
question put by myself:
" Question. State whether you have paid any rent
to the Howard University at any time; and it so,
how much, and for what length ot tune, lor tho
The Freedmen's Bureau occupied the
university building from June 1,1869, to October 1,
1889, tree of rent. Sines October 1 we pay at tho
