9i
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
Ho. or Reps.
National Education—Mr. McNeely.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
It is an argument for land speculation and
monopoly, but fatal to the landless and home-
less. No, sir, the Government cannot right-
fully encourage such a policy by its grants.
A nation of freeholders is the true republic,
and yet you encourage the most infamous
system of land monopoly that ever cursed a
cation. That is a free government, sir, that
protects all and grants favors to none. Such
was the teachmgof our fathers ; arid yet in the
las' few years, by a system of privileges,
monopolies, and special franchises, you have
opened up such avenues for excessive for-
tunes, at the expense of the general labor of
the country, that piincely estates are accumu-
lated almost at once, and your new million-
aires, even here, sir, at your capital, in luxury
and aristocratic display imitate and rival the
profligacy of the Old World. And how many
homes are made cheerless and desolate by
each one of these excessive fortunes 1 How
long, sir, can the free institutions of this
country endure such a policy? Until the
inauguration of this new era would a Secre-
tary of the Interior have dared to commit
such an outrage on the people as the sale of
the eight hundred thousand acres of the most
fertile lands of Kansas to James F. Joy for a
mere nominal price, robbing thousands of your
citizens of their homes? And would the coun-
try have submitted to the threat of military
force to secure to the clandestine purchaser of
this vast estate his ill gotten possessions? And
would the past, have listened so patiently to
the cry now falling on our ears of women for
justice against the oppressor who would drive
them from their homes? No, sir; the era of
franchises, monopolies, and subsidies has alone
rendered such events possible.
Sir, if the American people intend that their
Republic shall survive they must reverse this
policy. A privileged class are not known in
such a Government. Special privileges and
monopolies do not belong to a free Govern-
ment; they are attributes of monarchies.
In that grand republic of antiquity, before
the excessive vvealiii of the few had corrupted
the fountain of public justice, to be a citizen
was to be a freeholder, and a crown of the
modest speais of grass, common to the posses
sion of every citizen, was the emblem of the
highest honor ; so that St. Pierre might well
exclaim :
"0 Romans! ye wore a peoplo vvonhy of the em-
piro of the world, in th;it ye did open up to every
citizen alike a career of honorable nmbition, and
culled the common plant ot the field as a bjidse of
immortal glory, that a crown for the brow of virtue
might be touud on every spot ot tlie globe."
\'es, sir; the highest glory of a republic is
that it scorns the blandishments of wealth and
power and maintains invioUte the just and
equal rights of its people.
National Education.
SPEECH OF HON T. W. McNEELY,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House or Representatives,
February 8, 1871.
The House having under consideration tlio bill
(II. R. No. 1326) to establish a system of national
education—
' Mr. McNEELY said:
Mr. Speaker: During the last session of
this House, when a bill to perpetuate the edu-
cational department of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau under the charge of the Commissioner of
Education was being discussed, 1 stated at
some length my views upon the question of
Federal interference in the educational affairs
of the States. But I cannot allow this occa-
sion to pass by without entering my protest
against the monstrous scheme proposed in the
i of this bill to establish national schools
within the States. For the first time in the
history of national legislation has acommittee
of this House reported a bill proposing to seize
the schools in the several States and deliver
them into the hands of agents of the General
Government to be appointed by the President.
Believing, as I do. that the common schools
of the people are best managed and can be
made most effective by them through their
State governments, and that as thus managed
they contribute more than anything else to the
maintenance of free institutions, I oppose
this unnecessary and unconstitutional measure.
If this was the proper place I would add my
voice to that of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hoar] and the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Arnell,] appealing to the
people to encourage popular education ; and I
must admit that the zeal they manifest in this
cause goes far to qualify them as model mem-
bers of their State Legislatures. Such efforts
are out of place on this floor.
Sir, this bill reported by the committee pro-
vides that the President shall appoint within
and for each State a ''superintendent of na-
tional schools," to hold his office for a term*
of four years ; that the Secretary of the Interior
shall appoint for each congressional district an
"inspector of national schools,"'and that a
"local superintendent of national schools"
shall be appointed by the Secretary of the In-
terior for each school district into which the
congressional district shall be divided by the
State superintendent. These, together with
the Commissioner ot Education, are the officers
into whose hands all the public schools of the
people are to be surrendered by this bill. They
are to manage and control the eleven thousand
schools of my State, which now require the
attention and care of thirty-eight thousand
seven hundred unpaid district school directors
and trustees, and which are attended by seven
hundred and six thousand school children,
taught by twenty-one thousand teachers, and
for the support of which that people last year
expended over $8,000,000. If all the States
are to be as wfill supplied with school facilities
as Illinois, this bill will place in charge of these
officers over three hundred thousand schools.
Not only is this vast work to be committed to
their care, hut they are to buy land for school-
house sites in the name of the United States;
or if the owner is unwilling to take the price
they offer they are to have the right to take
possession of and condemn it for such uses.
They are to contract for and build school-houses
in all the States; to care for, protect, and re-
pair them ; and to procure furniture and fuel
therefor. They are to select and hire teachers,
at such salaries and with such qualifications
as tliey see fit, and are to dictate the rules by
which the schools are to be conducted and
the children that attend them governed.
In addition to and worse than all this, no
school books are to be allowed to be used by
ihe children in these schools except such as
the Commissioner of Education here in Wash-
ington shall prescribe. The books so permit-
ted to be used ureto be sold, through the local
superintendents, to the pupils, and to those
unable to buy they are to be furnished gratui-
tously. To start this vast machine in motion
$20,000,000 is to be collected from the people
by a direct, tax to he levied upon their real
estate; and to sustain this scheme thus inau-
gurated, and feed the numberless officers and
agents to be appointed to execute it, at least
8150,000,000 must be collected every year in
the same way. Sir, how much more will you
increase the burdens which you have already
placed upon the people? When will you cease
to add to the countless host of useless officers
and agents that even now vex the land and eat
out the substance of the people? When will
you begin to have faith in the wisdom of the
people, and leave to them the management of
their own domestic affairs? If, notwithstand-
ing all the restrictions of law placed upon the
official conduct of the eighty thousand Federal
officers now drawing their salaries from the
Treasury, fraud, and corruption pervade every
Department of the Government, what must
we expect from this new Department which
you are about to establish, and upon the con-
ductof whose officials there will be no restraint
save their discretion and consciences ?
In the business of hiring the hundreds of
thousands of teachers for as many schools,
buying and condemning land, and erecting
school houses in the cities, towns, and at the
cross-roads ; buying books for the schools, to
be sold or given away, and in the general man-
agement of the whole woik, there will he
"jobs" and frauds which in number and in
iniquity have not been surpassed even under
this Administration. These national teachers
and superintendents, whose employment and
continuance in office will depend upon their
loyalty to the Federal Administration, will
consult their own pleasure and peculiar notions
as to their duties rather than the wishes of
those among whom they are sent to act. For
correction of these inevitable frauds and the
improper and reckless expenditure of money,
arid for relief against impertinent, incompe-
tent, and worthless teachers and superintend-
ents, the parent and tax-payer must rely alone
upon political influence with the Administra-
tion here at Washington. Plow uncertain a
remedy that has become the country knows
too well. All this work contemplated by this
bill shoujd be done by agents selected by the
tax-payers and the parents of the children to
be taught. Money to be expended in a dis-
trict will be most economically expended and
to the best advantage applied by agents and
officers selected by those who furnish the money,
under whose eyes they act, to whom tliey are
directly responsible, and by whom they are
elected. The further the agent is removed
from his principal the less apt is he to act
honestly and faithfully, and the nearer the tax-
payer is to those who expend his money the
more certain is he to get the worth of that
money in honest, faithful work.
Before voting for this measure gentlemen
should calculate, if possible, the number of
officers it will require for its execution, the
extent of the new department requisite for the
management of its machinery, and the sums
of money necessary lo he expended to carry
out the entire scheme. This bill provides for
the appointment of thirty-seven State superin-
tendents, three hundred and forty three divis-
ion inspectors of schools, and about fifteen
thousand local superintendents of school dis-
tricts; and taking the ratio of inhabitants to
each teacher which we have iti Illinois as a
basis for the calculation, the bill provides for
the appointment of over three hundred thou-
sand teachers, to be paid and appointed by the
Federal Government. By the ninth section of
the bill registers of the attendance, conduct,
age, and other particulars respecting the pupils
attending school, nuinberingover nine million,
shall be kept by those hundreds of thousands
of teachers, and shall be returned totlie State
superintendent. Abstracts of those registers
shall be made out and returned to the Com-
missioner of Education, here 111 Washington,
by the State superintendents, with their re-
ports. stating the condition and means of edu-
cation in the States, and such suggestions as
they deem important Add to all that the
accounts and history of the business of employ-
ing all those teachers, building school-houses,
and furnishing books, and you can begin to
imagine the vastness of the proposed new
department of education, with its army of
clerks and bureau officers, to be appointed and
paid, for its management, and the sums of
money necessary to be expended for its support.
