1530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
The Clerk read as follows:
For mileage and transportation of officers and
agents, $6,000.
Mr. McNEELY. I move to strike out that
paragraph. In 1865 the sum of $1,320,000
was appropriated for transportation on behalf
of this bureau; in 1867, $800,000 more was
appropriated for transportation. And now the
House is asked to appropriate $6,000 more for
44 transportation of officers and agents." If
gentlemen will refer to the testimony taken
before the Committee on Education and Labor
they will find that,,in the payments for trans-
portation, money was expended to send per-
sons from various portions of the country;
sometimes agents of the Freedmen's Bureau
and their families; sometimes parties of
negroes about to emigrate to Liberia; one
lot of six hundred and fifty-seven persons were
transported by the Freedmen's Bureau from
Sparta, Georgia, to Savannah, going to Liberia.
They certainly were not of the class who ought
to have been transported at the expense of the
Freedmen's Bureau.
And, more than that, General Alvord, who is
the president of the Freedmen's Savings-Bank
in this city, made a pilgrimage through the
South in January aud February of last year.
He pretended at that time to go as the super-
intendent of schools under the BYeedmen's
Bureau ; but his report shows that he was
simply going about the country for the purpose
of visiting his branch banks in the southern
States. The parent bank is in this city, and
has now on depositin it more than one million
dollars gathered up from all over the South
from deposits made by negroes in the various
southern States. I suppose it is necessary to
place money in charge of the Freedmen's
Bureau to enable him to travel all over the
South and see to his branch banks down there.
General Howard, the Commissioner of the
Freedmen's Bureau, is one of the trusteesand
one of the stockholders of this bank, and was
its tiist vice president. General Balloch3 the
disbursing officer of the Freedmen's Bureau,
and other officers of the bureau are officers
and stockholders in that bank, and we are asked
to furnish them their traveling expenses to
carry on their banking business in order that
they may go through the South and see to their
brand* banks, to persuade the negroes there
to deposit their savings with them, claiming
that they are the only friends the negroes have,
that they cannot deposit with anybody else
with any safety except these freedmen's sav-
ings-banks, at the head of which we find this
Freedmen's Bureau.
This report of General Alvord shows that
he was more engaged in looking after his
banks than after schools. He says, in his
official report to General Howard, that u the
banks are doing more good to the people than
the schools are.'7
I thought this bureau was to come to an end
some time. We have been told from time to
time that this Freedmen's Bureau had per-
formed its office. When it was created it was
declared by the member introducing the bill
creating it that it was a war measure, that it
was inaugurated as a war measure, and that
when the war was over it should cease. We
have been promised from time to time that it
should come to an end, and yet in this bill
there are appropriations to the extent of
$139,000 to keep it up and to continue it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PERCE. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] stated in his re-
marks a few moments ago that it was not
antagonism to the negro race which caused
the opposition of the Democratic party to the
Freedmen's Bureau. Now, sir, the first mo-
tion to strike out any portion of the appropri-
ations in this bill for the Freedmen's Bureau
•was made by the gentleman from 'New York,
[Mr. Wood.] In June, 1864, that gentleman
made a speech in this House on the submis-
sion of the thirteenth article of constitutional
amendments to the Legislatures of the States.
The speech itself- is too long to read; but the
salient point of it was unmasked by a Repre-
sentative from Pennsylvania, Mr. Thayer. I
ask the Clerk tp read a portion of those re-
marks, that members of the House may.draw
their own inferences.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Thayer. With that class of thinkers who
agree with the member from the fifth congressional
district of New York [Mr. Fernando Wood] that
slavery is the best possible condition for the negro
race, or for any race, I do not intend at the present
time to enter into arsrument. Sir. I would consider
it derogatory to the Representatives of a free people
to enter into a deliberate argumentto refute a prop-
osition so monstrous and so barbarous as that enun-
ciated bythe gentleman from New York. Human-
ity and civilization revolt against a sentiment so
inhuman in itself, and so debasing to the mind that
holds it, as the sentiment which we listened to yes-
terday, that slavery is the best possible condition of
the negro race.
" Mr. Fernando Wood. I reaffirm it.
"Mr. Thayer. I am willing that hephall reaffirm
it. Let that record which he here reaffirms to-day
go down to posterity in the history of this country,
and let those who act with the gentleman from New
York assume the responsibility of that sentiment
before the country if they dnre.
" Sir, the gentletnan from New York has a right to
his sentiments. He has a right to express them.
While I.find no fault with his expression of them I
can only say that for myself I would not hold or
avow a sentiment so barbarous, so cruel, and so in-
human in its character as thatfor all the wealth and
honor that are embraced within the four quarters
of the world.
*' I do not intend, sir, to enter into an argument to
show that the negro is nota brute but a man. I will
not insult the presence in which I stand by entering
into an argument to prove that which every man's
conscience, which every man's humanity, must or
ought to admit without argument. I have said, sir,
that I do not intend in the few moments during
which I shall occupy the attention of the House to
deal with that kind of-argument. I content myself
here with simply denouncing such sentiments as
those expressed by thegentleman from New York as
barbarous, inhuman, uncivilized, and unchristian.
I am witling that the record which he hasmadeshali
go down to posterity as he has chosen to make it
yesterday and to reaffirm it to-day.
"Mr. Fernando Wood. That is why I did it, for
posterity, not for this House, nor for the fanaticism
of the day.
"Mr. Thayer. I pass from that. I have nothing to
say to men who hold sentiments of that character.
In my opinion it is too late in the history of the
world, and too late in the history of this country, for
it to be necessary to enter into any argument to
prove the falsity and the inhumanity of a sentiment
like that to which I have referred/'
Mr. COX. • Mr. Speaker, I move to amend
by striking out the last word. I make this
motion for the purpose of correcting what I
think is a mistake made by my friend from
Massachusetts as to these deficiency bills. I
think the House understood him to say that
the responsibility for the deficiency bill of last
year lies at the door of Andrew Johnson's
administration. But, sir, I understand that
the deficiency bill now before the House is
for the year beginning July 1, 1870.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. COX. I might have expected it, be-
cause I am just coming to a point which the
gentleman would like me not to make.
Mr. DICKEY. I make the point of order
that this debate has nothing to do with the
pending paragraph.
Mr. DAWES. I must insist that t,he gentle-
man from New York shall adhere to the " last
word." [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I wish to have a fair and square
talk on this subject. I believe that this bureau
has squandered the public money. I believe
that it has abused the power which has been
given to it. I believe 
Mr. DAWES. The question is not one of
belief, but is upon striking out the last word.
Mr. COX. 1 want to strike out the last word
because it makes the whole thing nonsense,
^n appropriation of this kind is nonsense and
should not be enacted.
Mr. DAWES. Do not make it more non-
sensical
Mr. DICKEY. Will the Chair rule on the
point of order?
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Dickey] will allow me to go on
with my remarks. I want this House to under-
stand, as the country is beginning to under-
stand, that this Freedmen's Bureau is main-
tained for the purpose of supporting political,
parasites and favorites.
Mr. DAWES. I call thegentleman to order.
This debate was continued upon the general
understanding that we would confine debate
to amendments.
Mr. COX. There was no such understanding.
Mr. DICKEY. I insist on my point of order.
TheSPBAK£R. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Dickey] insists that the gentle-
man/rom New York shall confine his remarks
to striking out the last word of the paragraph,
the word "dollars."
Mr. COX. On the question of the " dollar"
can I not discuss this "Christian soldier and
philanthropist," General Howard ? On the
question of the "dollar" can I- not discuss
this abuse of the people's money? Is there
anything so potent with the other side as the
"dollar?" [Laughter.] Do you not pass
your jobs for the "dollar?" Do you not pass
your land grants for the "dollar?" Do you
not establish and carry on your Freedmen's
Bureau for the "dollar?" Do you not here
and elsewhere feed upon the "dollar?"
[Laughter.] Are you not a mercenary set,
the whole of you ? [Great laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
]?or telegraphing and postage, $1,000.
Mr. MUNGEN. I move to strike out that
item.
Mr. Speaker, I have taken no part in the
discussion of these appropriation bills. If I
had been disposed to do so I do not know that I
could have obtained the floor. I wish to say,
however, at this time that I believe this fund
has been most corruptly used, and I believe it
is within the knowledge of gentlemen who
have carefully examined this question, from the
testimony which has been taken, that if Gen-
eral Howard is allowed his own way he will
attempt the basest kind of corruption in the
management of this Freedmen's Bureau.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] talked about the Democratic party.
He, like some other gentlemen upon this floor,
whenever a question is raised as to the pro-
priety of an appropriation, can look upon the
matter in none other than a mere partisan
sense. They talk about the Democratic party.
He seems to denounce the Democratic party
for no other reason but because it does not
favor the negro to the exclusion of all others.
I have no hostility against the negro because
he is or is not a negro. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts thinks a negro is as good as he
is, he is welcome to that belief. I believe that
he is. [Laughter.] So much, then, for that.
I will tell you the use made of the negro
during the war. The same men are now try-
ing to make use of the negro to sustain the
waning fortunes of the Radical party. I know,
that the State of Massachusetts sent to Ohio
in 1861, when we were raising our white troops
for the war, when we were raising regiments
of white men who did go out to fight—I know,
I say, that the State of Massachusetts sent her
agents into the State of Ohio for the purpose
of gathering up the negroes to fill out her
quota. Massachusetts not only had her agents
in Ohio, but elsewhere, to buy up negroes to
fill up her quota when we were sending out
our white men to fight for the country. Did
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
himself go out to fight? Were any of his sons
in the Army? Were any of his relations there ?
Why then does he come here and talk about
Democrats? They were the men in the West
who helped to fight our battles. They were
the men who won their way to Atlanta, and who
helped to invest Yicksburg, Those Democrats
are as good as any men he can find anywhere
in Massachusetts. These Democrats went on!
to fight for the country, while those who de-
