704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
managers of election, duly qualified by law,
were arrested and taken to jail, and men
wholly without qualification and without right,
and against law,: were put in charge of the
ballot-boxes by a mob. In another county
men stood at the polls, with arms in their
hands, threatening to crush the life out of any
man who voted the Republican ticket. In still
another county, in which there was an attempt
to canvass in behalf of the Republican party,
when the canvassers reached the town they
were met at the cars by a band of armed
ruffians, who killed one of their number and
wounded another. Threats were made all
through the district of injuries io happen to
Union men if they voted any other than the
Democratic ticket. So that the result is a
very remarkable one. In 1868 'the Repub-
lican candidate for Governor received 17,447
votes; the Democratic candidate received
9,600 votes—a total vote of 27,047, giving a
Republican majority of 8,047. In this elec-
tion the Democratic candidate received 15,759
votes, while the Republican candidate received
9,482 ; making a majority for the Democratic
candidate 6,277 votes out of a vote of 25,247—
a change in two years of 14,000in 25,000 votes.
Now, I know the growth of Democratic prin-
ciple is very ra[.*d in Georgia, but it cannot
grow to such an extent as this unaccompanied
with the bludgeon, the bowie-knife, and the
pistol. Tbisis the manure that gives this great
growth to Democratic principles in Georgia.
Before I go a step further I desire to send
to the desk to be read a newspaper paragraph,
which will show what is the state of things in
one of these counties even now after the elec-
tion. The paper is a good Democratic paper,
(if that is not a misnomer,) the Chronicle and
Sentinel of Tuesday morning, January 17.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Wo have received a letter from Jefferson county,
giving the particulars of ono of the most revolting:
outrages which has ever disgraced the annals ot
civilisation. It seems that on Saturday night, last
a band of disguised men, who are supposed to have
been Ruklux. visited Louisville, the county site
of Jefferson county, and demanded the key of the
jail fiom the jailer. Judge Diehl. They wont to the
jail, opened it, took outnineprisoners, live of whom
had been pieviously tiied and convicted, and four
of whom had been committed on ohargesduly made.
The prisoners wore carried a littlodistanco from the
village and whipped severely by the band, and the
ears ol'scvenof chomwere cut olf. Thoy then turned
those seven loose, together with one whose ears they
neglected to cut. The ninth was broutcht back to
the jail, shot twelve times, and killed. The one
killed had been committed for burning recently the
gin-house of Allen Brown. The name of this negro
was Charles Butler, who formerly belonged to i)r.
I)lxon. Ono of the other negroes (Jim ytapieton)
had both Of his ears taken off."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It will be
seen, Mr. Speaker, that I invoke no Repub-
lican authority; 1 invoke the authority of no
Republican newspaper; I cite a Democratic
paper which has given the most ameliorated
account of this outrage. This is a publication
of the 17lh January, the present month. This
gentleman from Georgia is seeking to repre-
sent that kind of a constituency in the Con-
gress of the United States. I say, without
iear of contradiction by any just man, that a
county where,such outrages can be committed
with impunity is not in a fit condition to be
represented here. I bring this article as evi-
dence of the truth of the allegation that force
and fraud, violence and wrong, override the
law in that district of which this county forms
a part.
There are appended to the notice of contest
in this case affidavits taken before United
States commissioners which sustain every
allegation of fact made on behalf of the con-
testant. This contestant (who should not be
the contestant, but should now occupy a seat
here) savs that of the whole number of votes
given according to law in that district he
received ihe greatest number. I admit that
the credentials given to his opponent in point
of form are correct. I admit that the Governor
of the State ©f Georgia, with no contest before
him, (and none could then be had,) did right
in giving the certificate as prima facie evi-
dence of the result of the election.
But the question is whether that certificate
is only a mere form, or is actually a certificate
of the fact that a majority of the legal votes
in that contest were cast for the gentleman
claiming this seat. By that we are brought to
this question—not a new one in this House,
but one frequently argued and cited, whether
or not we shall go behind the mere form to
ascertain what the fact is before we allow
any member to take his seat after the organ-
ization of the House? And that question
has always been decided in the affirmative,
that the House had the power so to inquire.
Then, sir, with that power, I call upon the
Union-loving men of the House on either
side to say whether they think, with such
allegations, with the proof appended, with
the facts made known to all as a matter of
history, because it is upon historical evi-
dence, common history, common fame, and
common report that governmental action is
carried on—whether, under such circum-
stances, they will seat the member until the
matter is inquired into?
Let us see what will be the effect if we do
that. It will be to seat the member, and the
question never can be inquired into, because
long before the evidence can be taken or even
heard this Congress will have run out; its life
will have ended. So that seating the mem-
ber prima facie here is to give to lawless vio-
lence and wrong representation in this Ilouse
without investigation. That is the question
before us.
I agree that the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Young] who manages this case has,
with his customary fairness, consented they
shall begin to take testimony at once. Be it
so. Every one of ns knows the taking of testi-
mony in Georgia, where men's ears are cut
off when they are under the protection of the
law, would be a slow and rather unsatisfactory
process ; and that to go into counties and at-
tempt to set aside elections brought about by
the bullet and the knife by rebel canvassers
would be a useless danger and peril. My
friend on the opposite side well knows that
seating this gentleman ends the whole contest.
Mr. Speaker, these outrages in the South
have become so great and grave that the Sen-
ate has felt itself compelled, in its duty to the
country, to appoint a committee to examine
into and report on them. Now,before this
House, in an authoritative form, backed by
affidavits which I trust will be printed in the
Globe—and I ask that they be printed in the
Globe—we have a portion of these great
wrongs brought to the attention of this House ;
and the question is whether we will allow our
eyes to be blinded and our ears to be closed to
all this by a mere formal certificate. The ques-
tion is whether we are in earnest in our determ-
ination to protect the rights of loyal men in the
South by preserving the purity of the ballot-
box and by extending the protection of the
laws over all men; because if we seat this
man—and I speak with no prejudice to him
personally, for I am not acquainted with him—
if we seat this gentleman, we give a reward to
violence, and when wrong and outrage are per-
petrated we make ourselves in some sort^ar-
ticeps criminis. If we seat this man we defend,
sanction, and ennoble, if crime can be ever
ennobled; the lawless crimes which have sent
him here. And when I state to this House that
this district is the home of Toombs, of Linton
Stephens, and Alexander H. Stephens, and
other unrepentant rebels, it will understand
how it is that the rebellion there is not yet
quelled.
We all remember that during the canvass
Stephens said that he proposed there should
be nobody but Democrats elected, and he had
to be checked by the chairman of the State
Democratic congressional committee- lest his
outspoken utterances should injure the Dem-
ocracy at the elections. And Mr. Toombs
also made his pronunciamento, stating that
they should appeal again to arms if such and
such things were not done to Georgia. And
in the district where he lived, if these affida-
vits are to be believed, in every county there
was outrage, and in many of them no show of
a fair election.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I should like
to ask the gentleman a question. He sent to
the desk a paper which lie said was a Demo-
cratic paper, which reported this outrage. I
would like the gentleman to say whether that
paper did not condemn the outrage, and
whether the Democratic papers generally in
Georgia did not condemn such outrages. And
I would like to ask him, if anybody is respons-
ible, is it not the government of Georgia,
which is Radical, and is supported by the mil-
itary authority there, at the head of which is
General Terry?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
observed for a long time that the Democratic
papers condemn the outrages, but I have never
heard of anybody condemning the criminals
who commit them down there. When I find
a few of the criminals condemned, the men
who committed these outrages, then I shall
believe in these crocodile tears and this hypo-
critical condemnation. I expected somebody
would ask me that question. I can show the
gentleman the loyalty ihe Democratic papers
talk down there. I hold in my hand the Mem-
phis Appeal, and this is its condemnation of
rebellion and outrage. The Appeal says:
"As it exists to-day, and as the original oreranio
law of the country's existence is obeyed, the Union
is a festering, reeking corpse, full of foul maggots,
devouring and destroying, and full of filth and rot-
tenness,"
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I would ask
the gentleman whether there have not been
emanations from Wendell Phillips of the same
character ?
Mr. B UTLER, of Massachusetts. I have no
time to yield further to the geutleman. I read
now from the Weekly Pilot, the official journal
of the'United States and the official journal of
Mississippi. I had ventured to suggest, gen-
tlemen may remember, that in a foreign war
I thought the loyal men of the South and the
heretofore disloyal men of the South would join
in defending the country. The Pilot quotes the
following from the Yicksburg Herald:
"Hear Butler's argument for this war: that the
South may thus be united with the North against a
common toe! True, we have no special caube tolove
England; but it is our opinion that we are hardly
prepared to risk our lives and property for the en-
forcement of the 'Alabama claims.' And we labor
under the belief that very few rebels are anxious to
incase themselves in Federal blue and march to
the inspiring notes of Yankee Doodle and the Bar
Stangfed Spanner."
That is the way in which the Democratic
papers of the South treat the flag of the Uni-
ted States and treat the Constitution of the
United States, and then they send men here
to take the oath to support that Constitution,
elected by means of malign denunciation and
derision, by which they get their seats by the
votes of their constituents.
I have no more knowledge of this subject
than other gentlemen, except as it is brought
to me by the contestant. I put this informa-
tion before the House. I have given the facts,
or at least the prima facie evidence of the
facts, to go before the country. And I submit
to the calm, considerate judgment of the House
whether by its action it should seat anybody
under these charges. I submit to the very
respectable gentleman, I doubt not, who was
elected by these votes whether he ought to sit
and represent such a constituency until he is
able to clear their skirts of all this wrong.
I submit to my eloquent friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Yoorhees.] whose voice, sweet and per-
suasive, I listened to the other day when he
painted the outrage committed in the impris-
onment of a single American citizen in Cuba,
