1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
41st Cong....3d Sess.
National Education—Mr. McNeely.
Ho. of Reps.
I have only to pray that God, in mercy to the toilers
and to the Republic, will raise up now and at once
from the toilers themselves, as ot old He raised Moses
from his brethren, the enslaved sons of Israel, ten
thousand leaders from among themselves, inspired
for tlxe task, who, like him, shall lead their brethren
out of the worse than Egyptian, bondage that shall
have fastened its chains around them, into a land
where true and fair labor shall be the honored rule,
and where it shall at last yield to the laborer that
share of the milk and honey that is the just recom-
pense of his toil."
Sir, on yesterday, while listening to the
eloquent, appeal of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hoak] in behalf of the cause of
popular education I confess that I felt willing
to lose the benefit of his society here if he
could be transferred to his own State Legis-
lature, where his services in the cause of educa-
tion are so much needed.
But, Mr. Speaker, I will not pursue this
branch of the subject further. It gives me no
pleasure to look upon the picture of human
misery which is presented by these reports on
the '""moral, social, educational, and sanitary
condition" of Massachusetts. I have, how-
ever, felt it my duty to point out to the gentle-
man who moves this bill that the President,
acting under this proposed law, might declare
his State, first of all, as failing to provide
suitable educational provision for all children
between six and eighteen years of age. And
I say to him, in all kindness, that he had better
put his own house in order before undertaking
the regulation of Tennessee.
Sir, the uneducated plowboy of Tennessee,
with no teacher but nature, has reason to
thank his Gorl that he is not an overworked
Masssachusetts factory child.
Let me call the attention of the House to
another fact: that while Illinois, Tennessee,
and every other western and southern State
have decreased the per cent, of their illiterate
people during the period covered by the census
last published, in Massachusetts illiteracy has
increased among her native whites, not only
during that period, but since 1840, with tbe
best evidence of a still greater increase during
the past ten years. Now, I submit that a State
in such great need of reform in her own school
system, and in a condition of steady decline
in the educational status of her people, has no
right to reprimand or even advise other States
which are in a healthy condition of intellectual
progress. Such conduct on the part of that
State would be without a parallel in impu-
dence, and could only be accounted for on the
ground of a chronic habit of intermeddling in
the affairs of others.
It is a remarkable fact that this proposition
to establish a national instead of a State sys-
tem owes its origin to the unhappy condition
of the laboring classes of Massachusetts. One
of the Senators of that State, taking for his text
the reports from which I have quoted, has
published an elaborately prepared article in
the Atlantic Monthly, entitled " The new de-
parture of the .Republican party," in which he
urges the establishment of national schools and
the passage of this bill. He quotes from the
official reports of his State in order to show how
much Massachusetts falls short of her duty,
and argues that other States must need Fed-
eral help if that State does. This he does with-
out attempting to show what is the condition
of affairs in any State except his own. Ignor-
ing the line that divides State and Federal
authority, he says:
" Now that with the general rejection of the State-
rights heresy State individuality is being more and
more absorbed into national unity, it is apparent
that the educational policy of the States which have
hitherto sustained free schools should be substan-
tially adopted by the nation."
He in the same article advocates a system
of compulsory education by Federal agents,
and adds that—
" The Bureau of Education should be strengthened,
and Mr. Hoae's bill for the establishment of a sys-
tem of national education, or something tantamount
41st Cong. 3d Ress.—No. 1.
thereto, should receive the immediate attention
of Congress and the undivided support of Repub-
licans."
This is the declaration of the chairman of the
Republican national committee, under whose
leadership that party fought the last campaign.
How many will follow his leadership onvt.he
subject of national schools the vote upon this
bill will determine.
But I will not take time to show that no
State could escape falling into Federal hands
if the President should desire to extend his
power, increase his patronage, aggrandize his
office, orto impress the peculiar notions of his
party upon the minds of the youth of the coun-
try. The intention of the friends of this move-
ment, both in and out of Congresses to place
the entire school system of the States under
the control of the General Government. This
bill is the first step in that movement; and if
it does not entirely secure that end, the power
once assumed by its passage, other laws will be
passed which will perfect the scheme.
This has been declared to be the object and
aim of the Republican party by the chairman
of its national committee. Such is the declar-
ation, I believe, of the last Republican conven-
tion of New Hampshire. Such is the ground
taken by that portion of the public press which
favors the passage of this bill, and such are
the logical tendencies of all the arguments
urged in this House in its support. The pre-
tense that the bill contains a condition un-
der which certain States may avoid the destruc-
tion of their State system is a delusion and a
snare. That apparent exemption fromFederal
control is only to enable gentlemen to say to
their constituents, as an excuse for their voting
for it, that it does not hurt them, however much
it may oppress others.
Sir, the exclusive right to superintend and
regulate the education of their children is
included in the reserved rights of the people
which they have never delegated to the Gen-
eral Government. Any assumption of power
by Congress over that reserved right, under
any pretense, would be a monstrous usurpation
and a flagrant violation of the Constitution.
Congress can exercise no power not expressly
granted by the Constitution.
Mr. Justice Story, in his Commentaries on
the Constitution, says that—
"The General Government is one of specific pow-
ers, and it can rightfully exercise only the powers
expressly granted and those which may be necessary
and proper to carry them into effect, all others being
reserved expressly to the States or to the people."
Mr. Madison, advocating the adoption of
the Constitution by the States, said that—
"The powers delegated by the proposed Constitu-
tion to the li'ederal Government are tew and defined.
Those which are to remain in the State governments
are numerous and indefinite. The former will be
exercised principally on external objects, as war,
peace, negotiation, and foreign commerce; with
which last the power of taxation wilt for the most
part be connected. The powers reserved to the sev-
eral States will extend to all the objects which, in
the ordinary coarse of affairs, concern the lives, lib-
erties, and properties of the people, and the internal
order, improvement, and prosperity of the State."
In the face of this high authority the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] and the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] claim
that Congress has power to do what this bill
proposes under the preamble of the Constitu-
tion. They contend that Congress by virtue of
this preamble may pass any law which in its
judgment will " promote the general welfare"
and that as the education of the people will
promote the general welfare, for that reason
Congress may pass all laws in its judgment
deemed nec§sssary for that purpose. If this is
the correct mode of construing the Constitu-
tion there is no limitation upon the power of the
Federal Government whatever. Congress in
that event would have the power to pass any
law it pleases, if it should deem the proposed
law necessary "to establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common
defense, promote the general welfare, and se-
cure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and
our posterity." If that construction is correct
then those who framed the Constitution had
as well stopped at the end of the preamble.
All those clauses which follow it, carefully
and in detail defining the powers of the several
departments of the Government, would be use-
less. The long and patient debates in the
Convention that made the Constitution and
in the conventions of the several States that
ratified it as to the power it conferred upon
the Federal Government were worse than use-
less. Mr. Justice Story says that—
" The preamble never can be resorted to to enlarge
the powers confided to the General Government or
any of its departments, it cannot confer any power
per se; it can never amount by implication to an
enlargement of any power expressly given."
It simply declares in general terms the
objects for which the Constitution was estab-
lished. "To promote the general welfare "
is one of those objects ; but the power of Con-
gress to act for the promotion of the general
welfare is written down in the Constitution,
and Congress has no right to go beyond the
limit of such delegated power in order to
accomplish that object.
The general terms of the preamble include
every object for which the Union was formed,
but the limits within which the legislative,
judicial, and executive departments are to
severally act were specified and marked out
by the Constitution, not only for the purpose
of preventing encroachments upon each other,
but especially for the protection of the reserved
rights of the States and the people from usurp-
ation. If the declaration in the preamble,
.that one of the purposes for which the Con-
stitution was established was to provide for
the common defense, confers the power upon
Congress to pass all laws deemed by it neces-
sary for that purpose, then it was unnecessary
to declare in the Constitution that Congress
shall have power "to raise and support
armies," and "to provide and maintain a
navy."
The framers of the Constitution deemed it
necessary for Congress to have power " to es-
tablish post offices and post roads," and they
accordingly wrote it down in the Constitution,
although that power would be included in the
power to promote the general welfare if such
general power was conferred by the preamble.
If they deemed it proper to specify that power
as one conferred upon Congress, why did they
not also write down and expressly confer upon
Congress the still greater and more important
power to regulate the educational affairs of the
people within the States? Simply for the rea-
son that they believed that that question was a
proper subject for State control, and should
have noplace in the Federal Government. In
view of the fact that at the adoption of the
Constitution more ignorance prevailed than at
present and less effort was "being made by the
States to remedy the evil, and in view of the
further fact that Washington and other framers ■
of the Constitution regarded the matter of pop-
ular education of as much importance as we do,
the simple omission of an express grant of power
to Congress to regulate the educational affairs
of the people is a conclusive answer to the
argument of* gentlemen who contend that the
framers of that instrument intended to confer
such power. Especially is this so when we
realize the extent and scope of that power
claimed here to-day.
The friends of this measure claim that the
first clause of the eighth section of the first
article of the Constitution certainly does con-
fer the power to pass this bill, if the preamble
does not. That clause is in these words:
"Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts
and provide for the common defense and general
