706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
State, himself a Republican official. They
come from the Governor, indorsed by the report
to him of the board of the State canvassers of
the State of Georgia. There is, therefore, no
question about their prima facie sufficiency;
and prima fade title in such matters gives the
right to be sworn in and occupy the seat pend-
ing any investigation.
Now, whose duty is it, in all cases of this
kind, and in reference to all questions pertain-
ing to the right to a seat in the legislative body
to determine that right in the first instance?
It is the duty of the officers of the State from
which the Representative comes, acting under
and in pursuance of the law of that State.
Now, in precise accordance with that custom
and that law, Mr. Corker comes here with a
certificate in all respects sufficient and com-
plete, and asks that as his prima fade right
he shall be allowed to take and occupy a seat
here. Against that claim it is objected that in
the course of the canvass that preceded this
election certain irregularities intervened, or
certain outrages were committed, and that the
laws were violated. These charges may be true
or they may be false. My judgment is that a
vast majority of them are false and fabricated
or grossly exaggerated. They are dertfed by the
gentleman who holds this certificate ; they are
alleged by the contestant. They are ex parte in
form ; they are sustained by exparte affidavits.
They are in every way unworthy the consider-
ation of this House in any attempt the House
can make to act judicially in reference to the
right of this claimant. They well illustrate the
vicious results which could not fail to follow
the adoption of the policy recommended by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bdtler.]
It would put it in the power of any member,
on the suggestion to him of any citizen, good
or bad, upon true or false allegations of facts
or existing conditions, to exclude from his seat
any member-elect, and thus to defeat repre-
sentation, to reduce the number of members
in this House, and to •accomplish, through the
power of die House, mere selfish, vengeful, or
partisan purposes. No legislative body can
afford to tolerate such principles of organiza-
tion without dishonor and infinite danger to
itself and to the country. It is the duty of the
House to act in such matters judicially, and it
can only act in this way through the agency of
its accredited committee. It is proposed by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] that the forms prescribed for that kind of
action shall be set aside and disregarded, and
that upon this ex parte movement, gotten up in
a purely partisan spirit, the House shall set
aside its own laws, ignore its own rules, act
contrary to its own past practice and prece-
dents, and deny to this gentleman his seat.
In order to maintain the propriety of this
proposed conduct on the part of the House, it
in suggested that if Mr Corkpr be now admit-
ted to his seat and sworn in it will be the end
of this contest. Why, Mr. Speaker, that does
not follow by ajiy means. The contest goes
on, under the very recent order of the commit-
tee, approved by the House this day ; it goes
on too with absolutely unprecedented expedi-
tion ; and not only by order of the committee
approved this morning by this House, but by
the consent, freely, frankly, and kindly given,
of both parties to this controversy. They came
before the committee and assented to this ex-
peditious modeof coming to a judicial determ-
mination upon the questions involved in the
merits of this case. They ask no such action
as is proposed by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Now, what does the law require? Simply
this: that in reference to all questions of this
kind which are preliminary in their nature the
paity having the pi ima fade legal title shall
be admitted to the seat and allowed to occupy
it, pending the progress of any investigation
that may be ordered upon the action of either
of the parties. Why should we in this case
depart from this well-established and just rule?
No fact which has been suggested gives any
show of propriety to a departure from this rule.
Mr. COBCJBN. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. KERR. Certainly.
Mr. COBURN. Does my colleague consider
the recent case of the suspension of Mr. Bur-
son, a member of the Indiana State senate, as
a case in point? The Democratic party in that
body declared that he should not be allowed
to vote, though he had been sworn in without
a contest and upon a regular certificate.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I say in all
frankness to the House, in reply to the ques-
tion of my colleague, that I do not know what
were the facts upon which the senate of Indi-
ana acted in that case. I cannot, therefore,
answer the question with judicial propriety.
If my colleague is advised of those facts he is
better advised than I am. I have no doubt
that the action of the senate is justified by the
facts, whatever they are. But I desire this
question to be settled by the House to-day on
its own merits and in accordance with the rule
of right, and so as to do no dishonor to the
House or harm to the parties,
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. YOUNG. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Faeksworth.]
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Mr. Speaker, I feel
no interest in this question further than that,
as a member of this House, I desire that we
shall not seta bad precedent, nor depart from
the well-established precedents already exist-
ing. If I understand this matter, the cre-
dentials are presented in due form from the
Governor, who is authorized to make certifi-
cate, and who certifies that this gentleman was
properly elected to represent that particular
district. The credentials are precisely like
those which were presented by other members
from Georgia, and on which they were sworn
in. The credentials are precisely similar to
those which are presented by all members at
the com mencement of a Congress, and on which
the Clerk acts in making up his list of those
to be sworn in and to take part in the organ-
ization of the House.
My recollection is that this House has never
refused to swear in a member thus presenting
himself, and who is personally qualified. I do
not understand that in this case objection is
made on the ground of any supposed disquali-
fication of the gentleman presenting himself.
He can take the necessary oath; he is of the
necessary age ; he is in all respects qualified
as a member, provided he was duly elected ;
and his election is certified in proper form by
the Governor. Under these circumstances this
gentleman, according to my understanding of
the rules and practice of this House, is entitled
to be admitted on the prima fade case to a seat,
jj 1 am not to be drawn off by false issues in a
|| matter of this kind. 1 am not to be swerved
in my vote by the fact, that disorders have
occurred, that men have been taken from jail
and ruthlessly murdered, whether in Georgia,
or in Illinois, or Indiana. Such things do
not properly enter into this question. We are
called upon now to act in a case where we are
not without precedent; where the established
usages of the House stand in a long line, all
pointing one way. If I am not correct in this
position, I invite correction from the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who
served for a great many years as chairman of
the Committee of Elections, and also the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] now the
chairman of that committee. If I am not cor-
rect. I ask that they will correct me.
We do not want to make a precedent here
which will return to plague us heieafter. In
deciding a case of this sort we ought to decide
as a judge who would desire that his decisions !
should be uniform and that they should be
borne out by the law and the reason of the
case. We do not want to be deciding one way
to-day and another way to-morrow, depending
upon which way the weathercock may happen
to turn. I said before, and I say again, that
I am not to be drawn away by false issues. I
hope every man condemns as emphatically as
possible all outrages perpetrated in the South:
but what that has to do with the question of
this election I cannot see. It is said in this
case, if the member is sworn in and takes his
seat 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. YOUNG. I will now yield five min-
utes of my time to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, it is with re-
luctance I mingle in this debate ; but, in view
of the importance of the precedent sought to
be established, I feel it my duty to do so. I
shall, however, be brief. I have no doubt the
statement of my colleague, that outrages have
been perpetrated in the South, is true, and I
am sorry to believe that the fact is as has been
stated. But, sir, if there is anything which
has been settled in Congress from the begin-
ning up to this hour it is that the certificate
which a member brings here from liis State in
conformity to the laws entitles him as a prima
fade case to admission to this floor, provided
there be no allegation against his personal
eligibility. It has been the uniform practice
of this House, undisturbed, except in one
instance, and that the memorable New Jer-
sey case, in which each party participated,
and which each has desired to keep out of
sight from that day to this. The temptation
afforded in the contest in the organization of
the House at that day was so strong to the
one party and the other that they yielded on
the one side and on the other for that time;
but they shook the peace of the nation to that
extent that no party in the House of Repre-
sentatives from that day to this has sought to
set aside the certificate in legal form of the
Governor of a State, which entitles a man
prima fade to his seat in this House.
Sir, I, as the organ of the Committee of
Elections for twelve years, have time and again
so stated. It has been stated on behalt of
that committee on the floor of this House, and
it stands in the Globe, as well 011 the part of
one side of the House as on the other, that
the certificate of a member, where there was
no allegation against las eligibility, of his lack
of loyalty or other ineligibility, entitled him to
be sworn in. It has been the struggle, during
all these disturbed times, of that Committee
of Elections to hold to the precedents and to
the law against passion and against prejudice,
so that if the party should ever fall into a
minority they should have no precedent of their
own making to be brought up against them
to their own great injury. Now, with nothing
to be gained, but with everything to be losL
by the precedent now sought to be established,
I entreat this House to adhere to the ancient
rule. I condemn, as well as my colleague,
the violences in Georgia, which are calculated
to harrow up the soul of every patriotic man
in the land ; but, sir, the Governor of Geor-
gia has given this man his certificate, and that
Governor has not felt that he was not bound
to look into the elections, because, as I under-
stand, in one case he assumed the right to
judge of the returns submitted to him and to
cast out the apparent majority and to give a
certificate to a man having an apparent minor-
ity in this very delegation. And that Gov-
ernor, who felt it to be his duty to do that, is
the same man who gave the certificate in this
case, and I submit that there is not a prece-
dent in the history of Congress, save that of
New Jersey, which justifies our trampling that
certificate under foot.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. YOUNG. I now yield for a few min-
utes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Randall.]
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, after the
