1871.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
1533
do foundation in fact, I fling the charge back
into Iiis teeth as false.
One remark farther. The gentleman has
read what purports to be, and what may be
correct, the copy or a telegram sent by myself
to the Governor of Georgia. It is true that I
sent some such dispatch ; now hear my answer.
The Legislature of the State of New York, by
an act passed in 1857, took away from the
mayor of the city of New York all control
over the police. A State police, under police
commissioners appointed by the Governor,
took absolute and entire control of the pres-
ervation of the peace in onr city.
Before the breaking out of the war, before
our telegraphs or our mails were interfered
with in the southern States, before oar rail-
roads were interfered with, while passengers
and goods were in transit daily from the city
of New York to the southern States, this State
police, without any authority of law and with-
out any propriety or justice, stopped upon the
-wharves of our city every bale of merchandise
that was intended for the southern States, with
which we.had large commerce. The lead-
ing merchants of New York, including many
Republicans, appealed to ine as mayor of the
city to permit the free transit of merchandise
which had been bought from themselves by
their southern correspondents to be sent to the
southern States by steamer. Spofford & Tiles-
ton had a line of steamers running from New
York to Savannah; and their wharf was piled
nearly as high as this Hall with bales of goods
of every description and character, designed
to be sent by their steamers to Savannah.
"There was no interruption of the telegraph,
as is shown by the telegram which has been
read ; there was no interruption of the mails;
there was no interference with freedom of nav-
igation ; there was no declaration of war; there
was no presidential proclamation announcing
any attempt at the South to levy war or menace
the Union; everything was going on just as
regularly as ever before, when the superin-
tendent of police of New York, Mr. Kennedy,
without any orders from headquarters, without
any authority from the commissioners, took the
responsibility of stopping all this merchandise
which lay there upou the wharf liable to be
stolen or destroyed. Then it was that upon
the instance of these merchants I replied to the
dispatch of the Governor of Georgia inquiring
whether it was by my authority, (for the dis-
patch was sent to me.) whether it was by my
authority that goods and merchandise in tran-
situ, (no arms were referred to,) and which
wore intended for merchants of Georgia to
whom they belonged, had been stopped.
Mr. T0WNSEN1). Will the gentleman
allow me 
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman must excuse
me. I did not interrupt hisn. I decline to
yield.
Mr. HOAU. Will not the gentleman read
that«dispaich in connection with his remarks?
Mr. WOOD. Now, Mr. Speaker, it was
under these circumstances that I did reply to
tbe Governor of Georgia that this was done
without my authority. 1 did go further, and
say that if 1 had the power I would have pre-
vented it, and if I had the power over the
police of New York I would have punished
lhem for taking upon themselves the seizing of
this merchandi.-e without any legal authority.
I believed then, and 1 still believe, that I
was justified iu what I did in preventing the
Exercise of this improper and illegal authority
on tbe part of these police officers in advance
of any interruption of the mails or the tele-
graphs, or of any action on the part of the Fed-
eral authorities which justified any interrup-
tion of this sort. I was entirely justified, in
response to t he Republican merchants of the
City of New York, in sending that telegraphic
dispatch, as 1 did, and 1 would have prevented
■isif I could.
^neof the principal evils growing out of
the stoppage of the merchandise intended for
the South was the danger of reprisals by the
oouth m the seizure and confiscation of north-
ern vessels and property in southern ports as
a retaliatory measure. To prevent this was
one of the objects I had in view, and while
claiming no credit forwhat I did, having acted
in the dischargeof public duty, yet it was gen-
erally admitted at the time that my course in
this matter saved millions of property belong-
ing to northern owners. Thus what has been
so frequently referredto in a spirit of animad-
version was one of the wisest and most com-
mendable acts of my administration. At the
time it received the indorsement and approval
of all in the city of New York whose good
opinion was worth having. It is true that
the unscrupulous and intolerant partisan has
sought in it a pretext for comments of an
unfavorable character, like those just uttered,
suitable for purposes of misrepresentation and
false accusation.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I could go much fur-
ther; but this is a personal matter. It may
or may not be interesting. So for as I am
concerned, I have ceased to notice calumnies
against me personally. I either have or have
not character enough to maintain the official
position I have had the honor to hold. I
have long since ceased to attach any import-
ance to the consistency of any public man.
Sir, is it necessary for a public man, when
assailing a gross wrong, that his own political
record should at all times have been what gen-
tleman on the other side would have had it?
No, sir; it is not. There is no man in public
life, who has been in public life for the third
of a single generation, as I have, who can look
back with a clearer conscience, upon a better
record in reference to his country and the
principles of his party, than can myself.
But, aside from my personal public ante-
cedents, which are of little importance, it is
of importance to the House, it is important to
the country, to know how and in what man-
ner $20,000,000 intrusted to the Freedmen's
Bureau have been expended and have been dis-
bursed. It is of importance to the country to
know how and in what manner a major gen-
eral of the United States Army, placed at the
head of a bureau, drawing three salaries, has
discharged the duties of one of the three offices
which he holds. That is a question of great
importance to the country. Howard himself
is an individual, and is of but little conse-
quence; but he represents a class of men in
this country. He is a high official. While I
know corruption in office in our day is not of
sufficient importance to attract a great deal of
public attention, while I know this man as an
individual is of very little or of no consequence
whatever, yet I do say that a man who professes
so much virtue, who is to be defended on the
ground of his character, that he is the head of
a bureau established for. philanthropic, benev-
olent, and humane purposes, who has had his
emissaries in every one of the southern States
expending these vast sums of money on the
plea of philanthropy for which this bureau was
founded—1 say it is of vast importance to the
Government, although Congress has determ-
ined that bureau should cease two years ago,
and has refused to appropriate one dollar for
it—I say that it is of importance to know
something of his administration before we vote
the $189,000 proposed by this bill. Sir, if I
have accomplished anything iu that regard I
am content. If I havedoue anything to let a
little light in upon this false pretense, which
takes the public money, and defends it as being
for purposes of a Christian charity, i am con-
tent. If I have succeeded, as 1 believe I have,
in exposing a class of men who are fanatical,
puritanical, and hypocritical, like the member
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Towksexd,] 1 have
only done my duty, be 1 rebel or anything else.
Mr. PETERS. I will detain the House but
a moment or two. Mr. Speaker, I do not feel
like letting the occasion pass without saying
a word or two in respect to this matter ot
General Howard. The gentleman from New
xork |Mr- Wood] places on record his opin-
ion, aud 1 wish to place on record my opinion.
1 have read ail the evidence: I have read every
word of the two reports; and I say to this
House and fo the country, as I stand here,
believing myself to be a man of some judo-'
ment and some integrity, that there is nota
single jot or tittle of any particular improvi-
dence or even of indiscretion in the whole
f,anS,?.0' ^is testimony or argument against
the lair name of that brave general. 1 have
got Democratic lawyers to look over that testi-
mony and report, and have got their opinion,
in several instances) that the charges against
General Howard utterly failed. °
Mr. McNEELY. Will the gentleman tell
me who those lawyers were?
Mr. PETERS. Tiiey were not anybody on
this floor. I hey were better lawyers than
their friends here. The question naturally
arises how it is that in this matter one side is
so clear that there is wrong and the other side
so clear that there is not a pretense of wrong.
And as to that, since there is always tome
explanation of differences of opinion, it may
be as well to say here that the whole difference
between gentlemen on the opposite sides of
the House in relation to General Howard
turns on a question of law. A large amount
of money was put at the disposal of General
Howard, and he has used it in a cettain way,
and the majority of the committee say that
what he did was legal and right. The country
too believes it to be right, and has already so
rendered its verdict. It has not I'oifnd it neces-
sary to wait for what may be said or dona
here. 1 he testimony and the reports have
gone through the press over the country with
lightning speed, and the verdict of the Ameri-
can people has been that there is no proof of
wrong or indiscretion, or even inefficient con-
duct, on the part of General Howard.
Ihe question before the committee was a
question of law, whether it was legal to use
J this money in this direction and in that direc-
tion; and Messrs. Arxei.l, Beatty, Hoau,
Towjtsend, Hamilton', Burdett, Tyneb, and
Perce say "ay,"' and my friend from Illinois
and my friend from Arkansas, Mr.McN celyand
Mr. Rogers, say "no." And in affirmance of
what the majority of the committee say, why,
we have over and over again made appropria-
tions in the line in which General Howard was
using this money. Therefore the question has
been decided in his favor by the indorsement
of the_ House of Representatives and of Con-
gress time and time again, and the Departments
in paying out the moneys have said that it was
legal and all right.
Why, Mr. Speaker, the trouble is that gen-
tlemen on this floor adhere to the same con-
struction that they did during the war, that
we had no right to arm the slaves, that we had
no right to emancipate them ; that we had a
right to oppose rebellion, but had not the right
to use the means which would put down the
rebellion.
And there is another statement which I wish
to make here, which I merely put in, having
no time to dwell upon it. When the charges
were made here upon this floor against Gen-
eral Howard, it may be recollected that 1 rather
defiantly courted an investigation. That in-
vestigation has been had. And, Mr. Speaker,
you know very well that the people of Maine,
where General Howard was bom and raised,
had no fear of the investigation. There was
not a man, woman, or child in that. Slate who
believed that he was capable of doing anything
wrong. Just as we know that the leopard
cannot change his spots, or the Ethiopian his
skin, we all know, and we always knew, and
the country knows that the hero of the empty
sleeve is an honest man. We know that by his
inherent nature ho is an honest man. And I
can say of him, as I said of another individual
the other day, that, if there is to be any confi-
dence to be placed in human nature, O. O.
