1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
clear statement of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] who for so long a time
and so ably presided over the Election Com-
mittee of ihis House, and after the positive
declaration which he has made of what has
been the uniform practice of Congress, per-
haps I ought not to add a single word; but I
do hope that this House will not allow itself
to be carried away by passion. And I am not
a little surprised that the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctler,] that a gentle-
man of his intellectual culture, should find it
necessary to come into this House and appeal
to the passions of his side, when he knows that
the question fairly before this House is upon
the prima facie right of this gentleman, who
is clearly entitled to his seat. I ask to have
read a letter written by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, which bears exactly on this
very point.
The Clerk read as follows:
Nashville, October 16,1870.
General B. F. Butler, Boston, Mntsachusetti:
If apeison's political disabilities have been re-
moved by act of Congress, would he find any diffi-
culty in being admitted to his seat if regularly
elected? Would he be required t(%take the test oath?
Has Congress acted in good faith in these matters,
and is there any disposition to do away with the
action had upon this subject?
Respectfully, Tojf BENTON SMITH.
Reply of General Butler.
Lowell, Massachusetts,
October 17,1870.
Tom Benton Smith, Nashville:
If a person's political disabilities have been re-
moved by act of Congress, if regularly elected, the
member-elcct will be entitled to bis seat, taking
a modified oath. Congress always acts in good faith,
and there is no disposition on any part to enforce
severe penalties upon those who act in good faith
with Congress.
BENJAMIN F. BUTLER.
Mr. YOUNG. We have occupied one hour
in this discussion, and I have given seven tenths
of it to the other side of the House. I now
call the previous question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say but a very few words in reply to some
remarks which have been made in the course
of the discussion.
Mr. YOUNG. I cannot yield.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope,
then, the demand for the previous question will
be voted down.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 70, noes 53.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, demanded
tellers. w
On ordering tellers, there were—ayes twenty-
one ; not one fifth of a quorum.
So tellers were refused.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; which was first on the
motion of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, that
the credentials and remonstrances shall both
be referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. I ask whether this is the
same case which was brought up hereto-day
by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. McCrary,]
aud in regard to which a resolution was passed?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remind
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
kardJ that that is not a parliamentary ques-
tion. The Chair, however, believes, as a matter
of fact, that it is the same case.
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassachusetts. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 42, nays 148, not voting
48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Artiell, Ayer, Benjamin F.Butler,
Roderick It. Butler, Cake, Cessna. llham 1. Clark,
Amasa Cobb, Wegener, Joseph Dixon, Duval, Jila,
Hoar, Iloge, Holmes, Kelsey, Lawrence, Long, May-
nard, McGrew, Mercur. Kliakim H. Moore, Jesse
I£. Moore, Negley, Palmer. Peck, Piatt Porter,
Prosser, Rainey, Roots, William J. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stokes, btrickland, Sypner. 44""
man. Van Wyck, Ward. Whitmore, and WoIf-42.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison. Ambler, Archer,
Armstrong, Atwood. AxtoU. Barnum, Barry, Bea-
man, Boatty, Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Biggs, Bing-
ham, Bird, Blair, Booker, Boyd, George M. Brooks
James Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton.Burehard, Bur-'
dett. Burr, Calkin. Churchill, Coburn, Conger, Con-
ner, Cook, Cowles, Cox, Crebs, Dawes, Doekery,
Donley, Dox, Duke, Dyer, Eldridge. Karnsworth,
Ferriss. Finkeloburg, Fisher, Fitch, Fox, Garfield,
Getz, Gibson, Gilfillan, Griswold, Haight. Halde-
man. Hale, Hamill, Hamilton,Harris, Hawiey. Hay,
Hill, Holman, Ingersoll, Johnson. Thomas L. Jones,
Judd. Julian. Kelley, Kerr, Ketcham, Knapp,
Knott, Lanin, Lash. Lewis, Loughridge, Lynch,
Manning, Marshall, Mayham, McCormiek, MeCrary,
McKee, McXeely, William Moore, Morgan, Mor-
Pj'iis, Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey. Mungen. Myers,
Niblack, Orth, Packard, IIalbert E. Paine, William
W. Paine, Perce. Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Potter,
Price, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sargent, Saw-
yer, Schumaker, Scofield. Lionel A. Sheldon, Sher-
rod, Shober, Sloeuin, John A. Smith. Joseph S.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stevenson, Stiles,
Stone, Stoughton, Strong, Swann, Sweeney. Taylor,
'l'ownsend, Trimble, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van
Auken, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wallace. William
B. Washburn, Welker, Wells, Wheeler, Wilkinson,
Willard, Williams, Eugene M. Wilson. John T.
Wijson, Wood. Woodward, and Young—148.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Asper, Bailey,
Banks, Bennett, Bethune. Boles, Bowen, Buck,
Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Cullom,
Darrall, Dickey, Dickinson NathanF. Dixon,Ferry,
Hambleton, Hawkins, Hays, Heflin, Hooper, Hotch-
kiss. Jenckes. Alexander H. Jones. Kellogg. Logan,
McCarthy, McKenzie." Milnes, Morey, Samuel P.
Morrill, Newsham, O'Neill, Packer,Peters,Sanford,
Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Strader, Taffe, Tanner,
Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Winans, Win-
chester, and Witcher—48.
So the motion of Mr. Bctlek, of Massa-
chusetts, was not agreed to.
Daring the call of the roll,
Mr. MORGAN announced that his col-
league, Mr. Dickinsox, was absent on account
of sickness.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
The question recurred on the motion of
Mr. Young, that Stephen A. Corker be now
sworn in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is that motion
necessary? Has the gentleman not a right to
be sworn in on presenting himself?
The SPEAKER. A motion is pending and
must be disposed of.
The question being put on Mr. Young's
motion, it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, if pres-
ent, will come forward.
Mr. Stephen A. Corker then appeared and
qualified by taking the modified oath of July
11, 1868.
enkolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
A hill (H. R. No. 1549) to enable Ann M.
Rodefer, administratrix of Joseph Rodefer,
deceased, to make application for the exten-
sion of letters-patent for an improvement in
bedstead fastenings; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 434) extend-
ing the use of the Library of Congress to the
commissioners appointed to revise and con-
solidate the laws of the United States.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sos, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had disagreed to the amendments of
the House to the bill (S. No. 594) to provide
a government for the District of Columbia,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses, and had appointed, as con-
ferees on the part of the Senate, Mr. Patter-
son, Mr. Hamlin', and Mr. Thxjrmax.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, with amendments, in which the
concurrence ofthe House was requested, ajoint
resolution of the following title:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 460) declaratory
of the meaning of the twenty-sixth section of
an act entitled "An act to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes," approved July
14, 1870. , D
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution of the following
title, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested:
Joint resolution (S. No. 293) appropriating
money to defray the expenses of the select
committee of the Senate appointed to investi-
gate alleged outrages in the southern States.
REPORT OF COMMISSIONER OF EDUCATIONS
Mr. LAPLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution, upon
which he demanded the previous question :
Revolved by the Howie of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed of the report
of the Commissioner of Education for the year 1870
twenty thousand extra copies, of which eight thou-
sand shall be for the use of the Department of Edu-
cation, eight thousand for the use of the House, and
four thousand for the use of the Senate.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to discuss that resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
discuss it, unless the House refuses to second
the demand for the previous question. It is
a privileged report.
The question was put upon seconding the
demand for the previous question ; and there
were—ayes 76, noes 52.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. LAPLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF A REPOltT.
Mr. LAFLIN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported the following resolution, upon
which he moved the previous question:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House five thousand copies of House Report No. 6,
being a report from the Committee on the Publio
Lands in opposition to granting one hundred and
sixty acres of land to every honorably discharged
soldier.
Mr. LOGAN. I objeet to that resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. If we print the report it
might be considered as a justification of the
report.
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to
decide.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table.
The question was put, and the resolution was
laid on the table—ayes seventy-seven, noes not
counted.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was laid on the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN TEKRITOItY.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent to have referred to the joint
Committee on the Territories and on Indian
Affairs, for their consideration, and printed,
the following papers:
1. Report of Indian commission.;
2. Resolution of commission;
3. Report of Ocmulgee council on agricul-
ture:
4. Bill of rights of Ocmulgee council.
There was no objection; and it was go
ordered.
Mr. SHANKS. I also ask that the papers
may be printed in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. It will be so ordered if
there is no objection. The Chair hears none.
The papers referred to are as follows:
Department of thk Jxtkiuok,
boakd op lsmax commissioxer^l,
WaShixotox, January 17,1871.
DeakSir: In aecordanco with lhe instruction of
the board of Indian commissioners, I have the honor
to transmit to you the accompanying resolution on
the subject of the Indian Territory and confederacy.
Hoping that the subject-matter of the resolution
may meet'with your approval and that of the Presi-
dent of the United States.
I am. yery respectfully, your obedient servant, &e„
i!mJ' PBLIX It. BRUNOT, Chairman.
Jlon, Columbcs Delano, Secretary of the Interior,
