1534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Howard is a man who would be burned at the
stake before he would knowingly do a wrong.
It has been well said of him that he never sur-
rendered a right, and that the only right he
over did give up was when he laid his right
arm down on the field of battle, where he was
fighting for his country.
[Here the hammer lell.1
Mr. TOWNSEND rose. ■
Mr. McNEELY. I rise to a point of order.
Debate on the amendment is exhausted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled
to sustain the point of order.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I move to strike out
the last word. I had thought the Chair had
given me the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had given the
gentleman the floor.
Mr. BURR. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. TOWNSEND. If the House will allow
me, I will not occupy more than two minutes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will raise the point of
order if the gentleman does not confine him-
self to the particular amendment under con-
sideration.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman varies
from it the Chair will recognize the point of
order.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I send to the Clerk's
desk what I desire to have read.
The Clerk read as follows:
January 26,1864.
The joint resolution of the Senate, No. 3. expres-
sive of the thanks of Congress to Major General 0.
0. Howard, and the officers and soldiers of the Army
of the Potomac, having been taken up, was pead a
first and secund time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make the point of
order that the gentleman's remarks are not
pertinent to the amendment.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I ask that this may be
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Missouri insists on his point of order, that the
remaiks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
are not pertinent to his amendment. If the
gentleman insists on it the Chair will be com-
pelled to sustain it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do insist on it; I
think both sides have been fully heard.
Mr. McNEELY. Benedict Arnold received
the thanks of the Continental Congress and
afterward was a traitor to his country.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that that is not pertinent to the amendment.
[Laughter.]
Mr. TOWNSEND. I ask permission to
print a resolution with regard to Hon. Fer-
nando Wood, in order to show the sense of
his loyalty that was entertained by the House
of Representatives, when in 1868 the House
passed a resolution of censure upon him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Oh, nonsense! I object.
Mr. DAWES. I now move to close all
debate on the paragraph.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, (at five o'clock and forty
minutes p. m.) I rise to a privileged question.
1 move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. Oh, I hope not; let us finish
this bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Let us finish this para-
graph.
The question was put on Mr. Eldiudge's
motion; and there were—ayes 49, noes 81.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House-refused to adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I move to suspend the rules
and pass the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Oh, no; that is not in
good faith. We want to discuss the portion
of the bill in relation to the Navy.
Mr. HOLM AN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a privileged
question. I move that the House do now
adjourn. I am willing that we shall dispose
of this paragraph, but not of the whole bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No busi-
ness has intervened since the motion to adjourn
was voted down.
Mr. RANDALL. Yes; the gentleman's
colleague has submitted a motion.
Mr. DAWES. I have made the motion
because the condition of the public business
requires it, and I adhere to it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman in-
clude the amendment of the gentleman from
Washington Territory, [Mr. Garfielde?]
Mr. DAWES. No, sir.; I include no amend-
ment whatever. , •
The SPEAKER. The gentleman himself
admitted it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, let it be
Mr. DAWES. My colleague on the com-
mittee who reported this bill has examined
this amendment, and says that it ought not to
pass. It would not be good faith toward him
for me to admit it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must state that
the gentleman from Massachusetts, who at the
time was occupying the floor and controlled
the fate of the bill, did. admit the amendment
of the gentleman from Washington Territory,
and it is the duty of the Chair to consider that
amendment as subject to whatever motion may
be made.
Mr. DAWES. Then I will modify my mo-
tion, and move that the rules be suspended
and the bill passed with the amendment of the
gentleman from Washington and the one which
I send to the Chair.
Mr. SARGENT. There are other amend-
ments to be offered by the committee.
Mr. COX. We have not gone through the
bill yet.
The Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Dawes as follows:
For payment during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1870, of pensions under the act of February 14,
1871, granting pensions to certain soldiers and sailors
of the war of'1812, and the widows of deceased soldiers
and sailors, $240,000: Provided, Tbat the provisions
of the act of Congress entitled " An act to define
the duties of pension agents, to prescribe their man-
ner of paying pensions, and for other purposes,"
approved July 8, 1870, except the twelfth section
thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby declared
to be, applicable to all pensions granted by the said
act approved February 14,1871.
Mr. RANDALL. I insist on the motion to
adjourn. The gentleman might just as well
give us a little time.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debat-
able.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes 18, noes 86.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were refused.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon Mr. Dawes's
motion, that the rules be suspended and the
bill passed with the amendments indicated by
him.
Mr. McNEELY. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays, and there were twenty-seven in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 100, nays 44, not voting 96; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Asper, Atwood, Barry, Beaman, Benton, Bethune,
Boies, George M. Brooks, Buek, Buffinton, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cessna,
Churchill, William X. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa
Cobb, Conger, Cullom, Dawes, Degener, Dickey,
Joseph Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Dyer, JSia, Ferriss,
Finkelnburg, Fisher, Garfield, Harris, Hawley,
Heilin, Hoar, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenokes, Jttdd,
Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketebam, Knapp, Long,
Maynard. McGrew, McKeo, Merour, J esse H.Moore,
William Moore, Morphis. Myers, Negley, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Packer, Halbert E. Paine, Palmer,
Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Porter. Prosser,
Roots, Sarseot, Sawyer, Soofield, Shanks. William J.
Smith. Starkweather, Stevens. Stevenson, Stough-
ton, Strickland, Strong, TalFe, Tanner, Taylor,
Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Van Horn,
Wallace, William B. Washburn, Welker, Will.ird,
Williams. JobnT. Wilson, Witcher, and Wolf—100.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Barnum, Beatty, Beck,
Biggs, Bird, Booker. James Brooks, Burr, Calkin,
Cox, Crebs, Duke, Eldridge, Fox. Getz, Griswold,
Haight, Haldeman, Hainbleton, Ilolman, Lewis,
Manning, Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, Mc-
Neely, Morgan, Nibiack, Potter, Randall, Reeves,
Rice, Sherrod, Shober, Slocuin, Stiles, Strader,
Trimble, Van Auken, Wells, Winchester, Wood, and
Young—-44.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Arnell, Axtell,
Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Benjamin, Bennett, Bingham,
Blair, Bowen, Boyd, Buckley, Burchard, Cake,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conner, Cook,
Corker, Cowles, Darrall, Dickinson, Nathan F.
Dixon. Dox, Duval, Farnsworth, Ferry, Fitch, Gib-
son, Gillillan, Hale, Hamill, Hamilton, Hawkins,
Hay, Hays, Hill. Hoge, Holmes, Hooper, Johnson,
Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Kellogg,
Kerr, Knott, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Lynch. McCarthy, MeCrary, MeKenzie,
Milnes, liliakim H. Moore, Morey, Daniel J. Mor-
rell, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen, New-
sham, William W. Paine, Poland, Pomeroy, Price,
Rainey, Rogers, Sanford, Scbumaker, Lionel A.
Sheldon. Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, Joseph S.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith,Stokes, Stone, Svvann,
Sweeney, Sypher, Upson, Van Trump, Van Wyck,
V oorhees, W ard. Cadwalader C. W ashburn. Wheeler,
Whiteley, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wil-
son, Winans, and Woodward—96.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and the bill, as amend-
ed, was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. COBURN said: On this question I am
paired with Mr. Vooehees, my colleague. If
he were present he would vote "no," and I
would vote "ay."
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to stats that this
morning I received a note from Mr. Cook, my
colleague, stating that he was ill and would
not be able to be in attendance to-day.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. FISHER asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to have withdrawn from the files
of the House the papers in the case of Tim-
othy Paige.
Mr. TO VVNSEND asked and obtained unan-
imous consent to have withdrawn from the files
of the House the papers in the case of Hugh
Ferguson.
Mr. TAFFE asked and obtained unanimous
consent to have the papers in the case of H.
W. Hawes withdrawn from the files of the
House.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, asked and ob-
tained nnanimous consent to have the papers
in the case of Henry Bartling withdrawn from
the files of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, asked and ob-
tained unanimous consent to have withdrawn
from the files of the House the papers in the
case of E. H. Thompson.
Mr. HOLMAN asked and obtained nnani-
mous consent to have the papers in the case
of Richard Guerson withdrawn from the files
of the House.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE. ,
Mr. CAKE was granted indefinite leave of
absence.
Mr. UPSON was granted leave of absence
until the 25th instant.
Mr. WOODWARD was granted leave of
absence for three days.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move that
the House now adjourn.
Mr. DYER. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion for a moment.
Mr. RANDALL.. I object.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to ; and
accordingly (at six o'clock p. m.) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presentee]
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. BECK: A memorial of a large num-
ber of the citizens of Fayette county, Ken-
tucky, praying Congress to grant a charter
