1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1535
to the Cincinnati Southern railroad through
Kentucky.
Also; the memorial of J. E. Welsh, Wel-
lington liarlan, and a very large number of
the citizens of Boyle county, Kentucky, pray-
ing Congress to grant a charter to the Cincin-
nati Southern railroad through Kentucky.
By Mr. BUCKLEY : The petition of Daniel
J. Melvine, a citizen of Abbeville, Henry
county, Alabama, asking the removal of his
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Edward Sears and 36 others, citizens of Den-
nis, Massachusetts, praying that a commission
be appointed to audit and settle the Alabama
claims.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: The peti-
tion of D. J. Carr, of Tennessee, praying for
the removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: The memo-
rial of H. N. Congerand 150 others, ofthe Land
Reform Club, of Hudson county, New Jersey,
praying the enactment of a law to prevent the
further abserption of the public lands of the
United States by railroad or other corpora-
tions-
By Mr. RICE : The petition of R. M. Peril!,
of Pike county, Kentucky, asking to be relieved
from legal and political disabilities imposed by
section three, article fourteen, of the Constitu-
tion. . , „
By Mr. STRICKLAND: The memorial of
Mrs. Fanny M. Stewart, Hon. W. M. Fenton,
aud 270 others, residents of the city of Flint,
in the State of Michigan, praying that no dis-
tinction between men and women be made in
regard to suffrage.
By Mr. WELLS: The petition of E. A.
Damon & Co., H. Gildehouse & Co., J. A.
Jackson & Co., Darby & Day, and others, of
Missouri, distillers and rectifiers, praying for
relief from decision of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 23, 1871.
The House metat eleven o'clock a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part
when,
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin, moved that the
further reading of the Journal be dispensed
with. „ ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled
to object. He has that right.
The Journal, having been read, was ap-
proved.
SENATOR MILLER, OF GEORGIA.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I ask nnanimous
consent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table the joint resolution (S. R. No. 306) pre-
scribing the oath of office to be taken by H.
V. M. Miller, Senator-elect from Georgia. I
wish to say a word in explanation. The law
passed some time ago prescribing the oath to
be taken by those relieved from disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth article of constitu-
tioaal -amendments provided that tbat oath
should be taken by any person " who shall be
elected or appointed to any officeand who
is ineligible to office by the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment. It happens that Mr.
Miller, Senator-elect from Georgia, was elected
before the law took effect: therefore it has
be£n decided by the Senate that his case did
not come under that law. Accordingly the
Senate has passed a joint resolution author-
izing him to take the oath prescribed in that
general law. I ask that the joint resolution
be taken from the Speaker's table and passed
at the present time. I understand that there
is no objection to this resolution from any of
the Georgia delegation. ... .
There beingno objection, the joint resolution
was taken from the Speaker's table, and read
a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that H. V. M. Miller, of Georgia, on entering
upon the duties of any office or position to which
he has been or may be elected or appointed may
take and subscribe, instead of the oath pre-
scribed by the act of July 2, 1862, the oath
prescribed by the act of Congress entitled "An
act prescribing the oath of office to be taken
by persons from whom legal disabilities shall
have been removed," approved July 11, 1868.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PAINE, of-Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF NATIONAL CAPITAL.
Mr. COBURN. * I ask consent to present
at this time joint resolutions passed unani-
mously by the Legislature of Indiana, in rela-
tion to the removal of the national capital.
There being no objection, joint resolutions
of the General Assembly of the State of Indi-
ana, instructing members of Congress from
that State to vote against appropriations for
permanent improvements in the city "of Wash-
ington, and in favor of aremoval of the national
capital to a central portion of the Mississippi
valley, were presented, referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
JOHN WILLIAMSON.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, of Massachu-
setts, by unanimous consent, Senate bill No.
1306, to relieve John Williamson, of Savan-
nah, Georgia, of legal and political disabili-
ties imposed bv the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, and for
other purposes, was taken from the Speaker's
table, and read a first and second time.
The bill proposes to provide, with the con-
currence of two thirds of each House, that all
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, by reason of participation
in the late rebellion, be removed from John
Williamson, of Savannah, Georgia.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This bill
has the unanimous approval of the Committee
on Reconstruction, and I ask that it be now
passed.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed, two-thirds voting in favor thereof.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAKE SUPERIOR SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. BLAIR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 519) ex-
tending the time for the completion of the
Portage Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire, if there be no objec-
tion, that this resolution shall be put on its
passage now. . .
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEPOSITIONS DE BENE ESSE.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, reported
back, with a substitute,from the Committee on
the Judiciary, a bill (H. R. No. 8000) relative
to the taking of depositions de bene esse in the
courts of the United States.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, this substitute
has the unanimous approval of that commit-
tee, and relates only to a matter of practice in
taking the said depositions. I hope the bill
will unanimously pass.
The substitute, which was read, provides that
whenever depositions, under existing laws,
may be taken de bene esse, to be read or used
in any cause of common law, equity, or mari-
time cognizance, the notice of the taking there-
of may be given on behalf of the party desiring
to use the same, and service of such notice on
the opposite party may be made and proved
by affidavit sworn to before any officer author-
ized by the laws of the United States to admin-
ister oaths, which notice and affidavit shall be
produced before the magistrate or officer by
whom snch depositions are to be taken before
the witness shall be sworn, and shall be re-
turned with the depositions to the court in
which the same are intended to be used; but
no such deposition shall be taken of any person
on the ground of distance of his place of resi-
dence from the place of trial unless such dis-
tance shall exceed three hundred miles, and
any person residing out of a district in which
any such cause is pending for trial, and within
three hundred miles of the place of trial, may
be required to attend a court of the United
States in such district and testify therein. The
form of such notice, the manner in which it
may be served, and in which the service may
be proved, consistently with the provisions
aforesaid, and the time within which such ser-
vice shall be made and the manner in which
such depositions shall be returned to the court,
having regard to the distance of the party
served from the place of taking the deposition,
shall be regulated by rules to be prescribed by
the Supreme Court, or, until such rules shall
be promulgated, by rules to be prescribed by
the circuit court whose jurisdiction extends
over the district in which such depositions are
intended to be used ; and it shall be the duty
of said court to make and promulgate rules
for the purposes aforesaid.
There was no objection, and the substitute
was agreed to ; and the bill, as amended, was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROTECTION OF FRONTIER.
Mr. BENNETT. I desire to report from
the Committee on Commerce a bill to pro-
vide for the better protection of the northern
and northwestern frontier, and to facilitate
commerce and diminish the expenses of the
exchanges between the States, and have it
considered Tuesday morning next, after the
reading of the Journal.
Mr. DAWES. Not to interfere with the
appropriation bills.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And not
to interfere with the bill for the protection of
civil rights.
Mr. PETERS. I object.
Some time subsequently,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Petees] withdraws his objection, on con-
dition that the consideration of the bill be lim-
ited to thirty minutes.
Mr. DAWES. And that it.shall not inter-
fere with the appropriation bills.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object.
MISSOURI BRIDGES.
On motion of Mr. DYER, by unanimous
consent, the House took from the Speaker's
table the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 3033, to authorize the construction
of a bridge over the Mississippi river at Louis-
iana, Missouri, and also a bridge over the
Missouri river, at Glasgow, in the said State,
disagreed to them, and asked for a committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses; and the Speaker appointed Mr.
