710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Chairman, in con-
nection with the subject now before the House
an assault was made a few days ago by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
and he was joined by ray colleagues, [Mr. Obtii
and Mr. Shanks,] upon the legislature of the
State which I in part represent. That Legis-
lature has passed resolutions in accordance
with the spirit and purpose of the amendment
offered by the gentleman from New York. I
hold them in my hand. They instruct the Sen-
ators from Indiana and request the Represent-
atives to oppose the presentattemptto acquire
San Domingo. It was asserted upon this floor
at that time that the means by which the power
was obtained to pass these resolutions through
at least one branch of the Legislature were
fraudulent., the result of a spirit of lawless-
ness upon the part of the Democratic party.
It is proper, therefore, that I should state
the facts in the hearing of this House and of
my colleagues. John YV. Burson, who is not
allowed to vote in the senate of Indiana, was
a candidate for election to that body in the
counties of Delaware and Madison. He was
opposed by a Republican named William B.
Kline. There were two Republican candi-
dates; there was no Democratic candidate.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that the discussion of Indiana polities'
is out of order in a five-minute debate on an
appropriation bill.
Mr. VOORHEES. I submit,that the discus-
sion of Indiana politics was in order, accord-
ing to the gentleman's estimation the other day
when the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] made his unwarranted assault, in
which he was joined by two of my colleagues.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Kelsey]
had not one word to say in the way of objection
upon that occasion, lie opened not his mouth
then.
Mr. KELSEY. It is sufficient that I make
the point now.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is unable to
rule upon the point of order, because, unfor-
tunately, he did not hear*the remarks of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] upon
which the point is raised.
Mr. DAWES. I would remind the gentle-
man from Indiana that my colleague is now
absent from the House.
Mr. VOORHEES. I know he is, and regret
it. I am not going to make any personal
assault upon him, however.
The Legislature of Indiana has spoken upon
the San Domingo question. The voice of that
State has been impeached upon this floor by
the allegation of frauds. 1 have the right, upon
an amendment touching the question of San
Domingo, to render valid by argument the
action of that State, if I understand what legiti-
mate argument is. Let me therefore proceed
unmolested.
These two opposing candidates were both
Republicans, one representing a faction, at the
head of which stands a distinguished Senator
of the United States, now in the other end of
the Capitol, [Mr. MortoS;] the other repre-
senting a faction, at the head of which stands
a distinguished colleague of mine in this House,
[Mr. Jolun.] The Senator's friend, John
W. Burson, was declared elected; the other
Republican, William B. Kline, filed his notice
of contest under oath, according to law, and
showed by sworn testimony that his opponent
bad procured his election by bribery, by brib-
ing voters in the two counties of-that senato-
rial district. Thus the issue was made up
before the Legislature convened; and thus it
stood upon the meeting of that body. It was
joined between twio Republicans, and up to
this point Democrats bad nothing to do with it.
The State of Indiana, however, has in her
constitution the following provision, to which
I call the especial attention of the distinguished
and able gentleman from Massachusetts, [tMr.
Bdtlbb.] "Every person," says the consti-
tution of Indiana, "shall be disqualified from
holding office during the term for which he
may have been elected who shall have given
or offered a bribe, treat, or reward to procure
his election." Here were two Republicans,
one declared elected and the other declaring
that his election was procured by bribery ana
by fraud. -* He filed his contest under oath.
It had to be taken notice of. I submit to the
gentleman from Massachusetts whether, with
the notice of this alleged ineligibility for brib-
ery, in the face of the constitutional provision
rendering this man ineligible, he should have
been sworn in. The only mistake made by the
senate of Indiana, if any mistake occurred, was
in allowing him to be sworn in at all until
these charges were met. There was no error
in refusing to allow him to vote. No honor-
able man against whom charges of corruption
and bribery had been made, which if true ren-
der him as incapable as a dead man to exercise
the functions of an office, would desire to par-
ticipate in the legislation of the country until
those charges were investigated and wiped out.
This is the history of the Indianacase, about
which a clamor has been raised on this floor,
in the Republican press, and on which even
the Vice President has found time to write
an opinion. Two Republicans were declared
elected and one declared defeated, and the
defeated candidate declaring, under the forms
of law, that he was cheated out of his election
by bribery and fraud. This is all. It is but a
barren field at last for zealous gleaners after
party capital.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I do not see exactly the relevancy of this
discussion by the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Voorhees] to the consular and diplo-
matic appropriation bill now pending before
the House, but I suppose it must be relevant,
because it seems so far to have passed with-
out objection. But, sir, I wish to call the
attention of the country and of this House to
what was done in the senate of Indiana, as I
understand it, and to compare it with what
was done by this House within the last ten
or fifteen minutes. A senator in the Indiana
senate had his seat accorded to him by a
formal certificate of election. He was uncon-
victed of bribery, untried, unindicted before
any court, untried even before the Legisla-
ture, or any branch thereof; but, when he
rose to vote, a senator got up and said, "I
move that man's name shall not be called,
because he got his election by bribery;" and
then, without evidence, without any investi-
gation, without the accused being heard, that
man's name was omitted, and the senate of
Indiana organized itself, in the interest of the
Democratic party, by the rejection of that
vote. And yet these same Democrats come
here and tell us, when fraud, force, rebellion,
and murder have elected a man here to this
House we must how to the certificate of elec-
tion, and not even inquire into the facts!
That was the condition of things here, as de-
termined on our side, where we have a Repub-
lican majority; and that is the way a Demo-
cratic senate is organized in Indiana, among
the Knights of the Golden Circle, where lead-
ing men of the Democratic party, Milligan and
Bowles, just escaped hanging for treason by a
legal quibble. That is the difference between
here and there, between Republican fairness
and Democratic fraud. I am willing to go to
the country on the issue between the parties
in the two houses and between the two ways
of organizing the houses of the Legislature.
I wish the Republican party had a little more
of the idea of standing by their own men, so
as to require fair investigation. I wish they
would stand a little more than they do by loyal
men against disloyal certificates. I wish they
would stand up against fraudsand violence, and
encourage their friends and not their enemies.
What would the gentleman from Indiana think
if, when he rose in his place to vote, sofne
gentleman on this side of the House should
get up and say, "I move that the name of Mr.
Voorhees be not called, because he got his
election by bribery;" and then by a partisan
majority we should force that proposition to a
vote and compel him to sit down? Whenever
that is attempted here my voice shall be heard
in denunciation of any such proposition, against
any such outrage. ' That is why I said the other
day that the Indiana State senate had been
organized by fraud and violence, and in defi-
ance of their own constitution. I agree when
a man has been indicted and convicted of brib-
ery after a fair hearing, whether a Democrat or
a Republican, he ought not to have his seat, but
not until then; but not deprived of bis right
by a partisan majority, not to organize a great
State on that sort of legislative trick. That is
not the way to carry on a great party. That
is not the way we used to carry on the Demo-
cratic party before the old-line Whigs and the
Know-Nothings got possession of it, who do
not know how even to blow the old Democratic
bellows. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. You helped to send it to
the devil.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
nothing more to say.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. It has
been stated in debate here that no appropria-
tion was made for secret-service money prior
to the year 18G0. The gentleman who made
that statement is in error. The practice of ap-
propriating money to the secret service of the
Uovernnient has existed from its first founda-
tion, and in 1835 a statute was passed regu-
lating that subject. It provided that the cer
tificate of the President should be a sufficient
voucher for all expenditures made by the State
Department under the head of "contingent
expenses of foreign intercourse." And from
that time to the present appropriations have
been made under that head and have been
expended and certified in that wny. I had
supposed myself that we had passed from the
consideration of the proviso offered by my
colleague from New York [Mr. Wood] until
the Clerk read it just now. I suppose that this
whole discussion has been out of order so far.
I attempted to enforce the rule, but did not
succeed
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inter-
rupt the gentleman from New York to say
that the amendment offered by his colleague
[Mr. Wood] is not to the paragraph ending
at line forty-seven, as it was read by the Clerk,
but to the paragraph ending at line fifty-one,
as follows:
For salaries of consuls general, consuls, vice con-
suls, commercial agents, and thirteenoonsularclcrks
including loss by exchange thereon, namely, $378,663.
Therefore, though the debate has been gen-
erally out of order, the amendment is in order.
Mr. KELSEY. Well, I stand corrected.
I oppose the amendment, and ask for a vote.
Mr. COBURN. Before the vote is taken,
I desire to say a few words in connection with
the matter in relation to the Indiana senate,
which has sprung up in this debate. It is not
exactly in order, but it may now be continued,
as it has been begun.
My colleague, [Mr. Voorhees,] in stating the
position of affairs in the Indiana senate, lias
said that two Republicans were contesting for
the seat. According to theinformation I hr"3
received that is not exactly true. My inform-
ation is that the gentleman applying for the
seat, and who it is expected will be put info it,
is in sympathy and will act with the Demo-
cratic party, and hence the desire of that party
to put him in the seat.
But let me call the attention of the House
to the facts in this case. It is the fact that
Mr. Burson was sworn in as a senator, and
afterward, upon the filing of a letter or protest
of some individual, charging him with having
obtained his seat by fraudulent practices, upon
the mere filing of these charges and without
