1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
a reference to a committee, without consider-
ation or proof, and after the oath of office had
been administered and he had taken his seat,
by a vote of the Democratic party in the sen-
ate he was excluded from the privileges of a
senator. And now, from day to day, he is
excluded from voting. It is just as if, with
reference to this gentleman from Georgia who
has been sworn in to day, we should now re-
solve that he Rhould not vote. I now declare
that such a course is without a precedent in
our history; and that it is revolutionary and
destructive of the very first principles of rep-
resentative government, and is an exercise of
arbitrary and despotic power unworthy the
free people of Indiana. And these San Do-
mingo resolutions, singular in their tone and
phraseology, were put through by the gentle-
men who sustain and stand by that arbitrary
exercise of power. There can be no justifica-
tion under heaven for the process of expulsion
or exclusion in the case of Mr. Burson.
The senator who was excluded had the reg-
ular certificate from the officer of the State.
He was declared to have had a considerable
majority, and there was no defect at all in any
of the papers giving him authority to be sworn
in as a senator. I desire only to make this
simple statement of facts. There is no reason
for any excitement whatever, such as has been
exhibited by some members to-day in connec-
tion with the matter. Let me say further,
that there was no contest as provided by the
statutes of Indiana in relation to Mr. Bursou's
seat. He was there without a contest, without
any proceeding having been taken against him
as a senator, and without any notice of con-
test, such as the law contemplates.
This House has as much right to exclude
any one of its members now—just as much
right fo depose the Speaker and eject him
from this body—as the senate'of Indiana had
to exclude this gentleman from his seat and
take away his right, as a senator from him ;
and i am astonished that gentlemen anywhere
who have any knowledge of law or regard for
the Constitution should sustain an act of that
kind. Especially am I surprised that this
course should be taken by the gentlemen who
but fifteen or twenty minutes ago voted as they
did in the Georgia case, which, names being
changed, might be found identical in principle
with that now under discussion.
TheCHAlRMAN, Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Sir. KELSBY. I withdrawthe amendment.
Mr. VOORHEES. I renew the amendment.
It is as well when aquestion ofthis kind arises
to clear it up and let it go to the public in its
right shape. Sir, I am not at all surprised that
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler) has displayed bad temper. He was not,
I think, so much incensed at rae or at this side
of the House as he was at his own friends for
the signal defeat they inflicted upon him awhile
ago in the Georgia case. That is the way in
which I account for the loss of temper he has
displayed in this discussion. He repeats the
charge that the senate of Indiana is a Demo-
cratic body, and my colleague, [Mr. Cobcek.1
although the Representative of the metropoli-
tan district, living at Indianapolis, and taking
its newspapers, reiterates that charge.
Sir, the senate of Indiana was a Republican
body upon its organization. You had twenty-
six members, and we had twenty-four, and
you did not hold your power there, because
you were deserted by the ablest men in your
party in Indiana. I speak it without qualifi-
cation. The clearest intellect, the brightest
wit, the most aggressive reasoning powers
possessed by any man in your party in Indi-
ana, are those possessed by Judge Hughes, the
former leader of the Republican party in the
State. On account of the wretched condition
of public affairs, made wretched by the legis-
lation of this Congress, and by this Adminis-
tration, he has left you, and in coming to us
seems to have brought with him another mem-
ber, Mr. Elliot.
Air. COBURN. You say he has left our
party, and yet you say that the senate is
Lepublican.
Mr. VOORHEES. I suppose, and hope,
he has joined our party, for I esteem him very
highly. He brought with him a recruit, and
the defection of these two gentlemen left your
party in a minority and ours in a majority,
i Mr. KELSEY. I must rise to a question of
j order. This debate is clearly not in order on
this bill.
Mr. VOORHEES. I hope the gentleman
j will hold still a little longer. It is not often
' that we enjoy the blessed, the celestial priv-
ilege of talking on this side of the House. The
gentleman knows that I have great respect for
him, and would not interfere with any of his
rights, and I hope he will not with any of
mine.
Mr. KELSEY. I would listen with a great
deal of pleasure to the gentleman at almost
any time; but we shall never get through with
this bill if we are to go into a discussion of
Indiana politics.
Mr. VOORHEES. I wish it understood that
the first assault was made upon the Legisla-
ture of Indiana, because it passed resolutions
against the annexation of Dominica. It is said
those resolutions could not have been passed
if fraud had not been used in the organization
of that body. I am defending the Legislature
against that charge of fraud, and showing that
it is a legitimate body, and that it has legiti-
mately passed these resolutions against this
miserable scheme to take a piece out of an
island.
I may as well sa3r in this connection that I
am in favor of annexing foreign territory. I
am a believer in manifest destiny; but I do not I
believe in picking out by piecemeal, making
a job of an acquisition, surrounding it with
such bad odors as to bring it into disfavor and
contempt before the country. That is the view
that the Legislature of Indiana takes, for by
these resolutions they declare themselves not
opposed to the general principle of annexation
of territory, bat that this particular measure is
regarded as unwise and odious.
But I come back again to the point that the
Senate of Indiana was a Republican body, and
these resolutions have been passed by the de-
fection of leading Republicans in the State of
Indiana. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Bcii.br] and my colleague [Mr. Coburn]
insist that the Georgia case upon which the
House passed a few moments ago is a parallel
case. Not so; this is a case of eligibility.
This man is met by a provision of the Con-
stitution of Indiana declaring him ineligible,
and disqualified by reason of having given or
offered bribes. The law was complied with
in lodging that charge against him. The sen-
ate of Indiana said that he should stand aside
without participating in the legislation of the
State until that question was investigated, that
if he was impure he should not render impure
the acts of legislation, and if he was pure it
would be time enough for him to take part in
legislation when that fact was shown, and the
prima facie case against him removed. The
whole quarrel is a family quarrel; it is not
Democratic proscription; it is a contest be-
tween factions in the Sta'e of Indiana. My
colleague says that Mr. Kline is expected to
act with the Democratic party. • Thousands
of other Republicans in the State of Indiana j
are also expected to act with the Democratic
party, and they will be welcomed by us with a
cordial liberality.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHANKS. I would like to have from
my colleague [Mr. Voorhees] an answer to
this question: I want to know if the fact that
Mr. Hughes and Mr. Elliott left the Republican
party in Indiana and joined the Democratic
party is any justification for that party thus
augmented to drive from the hall of the Indi-
ana State senate a senator elected, commis-
sioned, and qualified in that body?
Sir. YOORHEES. It gave us the power to
do right, which we have not had for a long
time, because we had not the majority.
Mr. SHANKS. When the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Corker] presented himself hero
this morning, it was upon a certificate of elec-
tion ; and lie was admitted to his seat. When
Mr. Burson, a citizen of my district, presented
himself at Indianapolis, he also presented a
i certificate in due form of his election to the
senate of that State, and was qualified. Two
gentlemen having seen fit to leave the Repub-
lican party and to join the Democratic party,
the Democratic majority in the Indiana State
senate declared that Mr. Burson, although
duly elected and qualified, should not be
allowed to vote in that body, aud that, too,
without any investigation whatever, for no
investigation has been permitted.
The people of Sir. Bursou's district are not
allowed the representation to which they are
entitled, merely because two men have aban-
doned the Republican party, and are now
cooperating with a party which has never yet
allowed justice to be done when they had the
power to prevent it. They first hang a man,
and then propose to try him ; and they defer
the trial until he is thoroughly and uncondi-
tionally dead.
Sir. KELSEY. I ask unanimous consent
of the committee that all debate upon the
pending paragraph shall be closed in five min-
utes.
No objection was made.
Mr. HALDE11AN. I desire to have read a
letter recently published, signed by Raymond
H. Perry, late United States commercial agent
at San Domingo. My object in asking the read-
ing of this letter is, if possible, to have the
allegations contained therein contradicted or
disproved, for they reflect very seriously upon
the Government of the United States, and, if
correct, upon the people thereof. It is appro-
priate, too, that this letter should be read at
this time for the information of this commit-
tee : because, as is acknowledged here, some
$300,000 of secret-service money will have
been in the possession of the State Depart-
ment of this administration: nearly one hun-
dred thousand dollars that was covered into the
Treasury by the administration of Mr. John-
son, and which was taken possession of by Mr.
Grant; §100,000 that was appropriated at the
last session of Congress; and $100,000 more
that it is proposed to appropriate at this time.
As an American citizen,! am sincerelyanx-
i us that the allegations of a gentleman who,
I understand, signed the treaty which was re-
jected by the Senate should be disproved, if
possible. I ask that his letter be now read.
The Clerk began the reading of the letter :
but before concluding the hammer fell.
Mr. HALDEMAN, I ask that the whole of
the letter be published in the Globe.
No objection was made.
The letter is as follows:
To the Editor of the Sun ••
Sir: Our pressis filled withthe opinions of various
individuals in regard to the proposed annexation of
San Domingo, and in all probability these opinions
are expressed by persons who in reality know but
very little of the matter in any of its aspects. X have
read these articles, as well as the reports from "Wash-
ington, and can no longer refrain from stating a few
facts in regard to the motives of some of the parties
who at present are so strongly advocating that meas-
ure, even at the risk of being considered egotistic,)1
or accused of personal feeling. I write this letter
from a sense of duty to the public, and a feeling of
indignation that the interested motives of a certain
ring of political speculators should be so carefully
concealed from publicobservation.and the real truth
of matters so little known. The annexation of San
Domingo as now manipulated would be a huge swin-
dle upon the United States Government, enriching a
few friends of the Administration and taxing our
Government millions of treasure.
I told an officer attached to the Executive Mansion
that General Babcock was a miserable tool in the
hands of a set of tricksters, such as Baez, Cazneau,
