1538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
them to resist the heavier shots of the pres-
ent gunnery.,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not propose to
attack any particular item of this appropria-
tion bill. I withdraw the amendment to strike
out the pending paragraph. I shall content
myself with voting against the bill.
The Clerk read as follows : -
For purchase of sites proposed to be occupied for
permanentsea-coast defenses, provided that no such
purchase shall be made except upon the approval of
its expediency by the Secretary of War, and nf the
validity ol. the title by the Attorney General, $150,000.
Mr. WELKER:-. I.move to strike out that
paragraph, and I do it for the purpose of ask-
ing the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblaok]
who has charge of the bill why it is proposed
te make an appropriation to buy new sites for
forts? It seems to be conceded on all hands
that there ought not to be any additional forts
established and constructed by the Govern-
ment of the United States, it has been agreed
that they are not effective in time of war. I
hope, therefore, the gentleman will explain why
he proposes to buy new sites for the building
of new.forts. Certainly we have enough of
them now in existence at different localities
of the country. I hope this appropriation of
§150,000 to purchase additional sites will not
be retained in this bill. I ask the gentleman
why lie proposes such an appropriation?
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, there are
some nine or ten poinis upon the Atlantic and
Pacific coasts which it is very desirable in the
estimation of the engineer department should
be owned by the Government with reference
to future defense only. They are not needed
for any present purpose of fortification, but in
ease of any future trouble it is important to
have a few of them, in the estimation of the
gentlemen connected with this branch of the
service. It will not do to name them here,
because then we will not be "able to purchase
them at a fair price if the owners of the prop-
erty ascertain Uiat the Government has resolved
to purchase these sites. To say that the Gov-
ernment will purchase a .particular place is
simply to require the Government to pay two
or three times as much for them.
Mr. WELKER. Without stating them, will
the gentleman say whether the committee was
satisfied that they will be of any use?
Mr. NIBLACK. Some of them cover tem-
porary works made during the war, but the
title is not in the United States.
Mr. WELKER. Does the gentleman get
his information from those who own the sites,
or the engineer officers?
Mr. NiBLACK. From tl^e proper officers
of tlie engineers, dnd we only appropriate the
necessary amount. I trust therefore there will
be no objection to the appropriation after this
statement.
Mr. WELKER. I shall have to insist upon
a vote upon the motion t  strike out the par-
agraph.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the
gentleman who has charge of the bill that he
call ihe previous question on the whole bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. I cannot do so just now,
as 1 desire 10 submit an amendment myself.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish to
submit to the Committee on Appropriations a
proviso to be added to this paragraph, which
seems to be necessary in order to guard this
expenditure. We appropriate $150,000 for
the purchase of sites which, I presume, is
necessary, after the declaration made by the
gentleman who has charge of the bill. But
these purchases of land have often led toother
enormous expenditures. They are like appro-
priations for public buildings, beginning at
$100,000, and which in the end cost millions.
I suggest to the Committee on Appropriations
that they should accept a proviso like this, to
come in at tlie end of the paragraph:
Antl provided further. That no contracts or obliga-
tions be incurred for future expenditures therefor.
I presume (.here will be no objection to this
proviso.
Mr. NIBLACK, I am willing to accept
that amendment. We have no authority to
make any farther expenditure of money on
these sites at present.
The,question being put on the amendment
offered by Mr. Brooks, of New York, it was
agreed to. '
The question recurred on Mr. Welkbr's
motion, to strike out the paragraph.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveys for military defenses. $150,000; and the
unexpended balance of appropriations for " perma-
nent defenses at Narragansett bay, Bhode Island,"
remaining on the 30th day of June, 1870, is hereby
reappropriated for the same purpose,
Mr. NIBLACK. I am instructed by the
Committee on Appropriations to offer the fol-
lowing amendment to the paragraph which
has just been read:
On line sixty-eight, after the word "seventy,"
strike out the word " is"and add the following:
And the unexpended balances of appropriations
made by the act approved July 11,1870, entitled "An
act making appropriations for theconstruction, pres-
ervation, and repair of certain fortifications and
other works of defense for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1871," are.
It will be remembered that at the last ses-
sion of Congress there was adopted a provision
of law covering into the Treasury all balances
remaining unexpended on June 30 of each
year, and preventing the Department from
using these balances unless reappropriated as
in all other cases of appropriations of money.
The Committee on Appropriations are still
disposed to adhere to that provision of law as
a general policy, but we have ascertained that
in matters of fortifications and public build-
ings it does not work so well. The 30th of
June comes just about midsummer, in the very
middle of the season in which the Government
necessarily is most engaged in the erection
of public buildings and fortifications. This
amendment which I have offered simply pro-
vides that all the balances remaining on hand
for these fortifications on the 30th day of June
shall be reappropriated, so as not to lapse into
the Treasury, that they shall be available
during the rest of the season for this work.
I trust thfit upon this statement which I have
made there will be no objection to this amend-
ment.
Mr. WELKER. Let me ask the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Niblaok] whether the
effect of this amendment will not be to enable
the officers of the Government to expend the
whole amount of the appropriation?
Mr. NIBLACK. Yes, sir. The effect of
the amendment, if adopted, will be to enable
the Department to expend all the money that
is appropriated for each of the works.
Mr. WELKER. And let me ask the gen-
tleman' also whether he is not well satisfied
that they will expend every dollar that is appro-
priated ?
Mr. NIBLACK. That is expected, I pre-
sume. We would not recommend this appro-
priation if we did not expect that the engineer
department would expend it.—
Mr. WELKER. Then there is no use of
covering it into the Treasury.
Mr. NIBLACK. We have found, as I have
stated, that as regards public buildings and'
public works, including these fortifications,
this provision of law does not work well, and
therefore we are disposed to take it out of the
general rule adopted by the Committee on
Appropriations with the sanction of Congress
last year.
Mr. WELKER. The amendment applies
only to appropriations for fortifications?
Mr. NIBLACK. That is all.
The question being taken on Mr. Niblack's
amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I.now move the previous
question on the bill as amended.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
aud read a third time; %nd being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. NIBLACK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER obtained the floor.
pbre siahqoette and flint itailroad.
Mr. STRICKLAND. Will the gentleman
yield to me to allow me to ask the House to
bill?
Mr. SAWYER. I will if it gives rise to no
debate.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I ask unanimous con-
sent to have taken from the Speaker's table
and passed the bill (S. No. 574) to extend tlie
time for the reversion to the United States of
the lands granted by Congress to the State of
Michigan to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Pere Marquette to Fliut, in said
State, and for other purposes.
The bill wa3 read for information.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
doty on coal.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following joint resolution :
Be it resolved, &c.. That on and after March 1,
1871, the duty on alt species of coal be the same as
that upon anthracite coal: that is. free.
Mr. ARCHER. I object.
Mr. SCHUMAKI5R. I move to suspend
the rules ; and I desire to have a telegraphic
dispatch read, showing the action of the coal
monopolists.
Mr. McGREW. Is this the regular order
of business?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. McGREW. Then I demand the regular
order.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. I move to suspend the
rules.
Ths SPEAKER. The House is acting under
a suspension of the rules at this time, ami the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Sawyer] is
upon the floor in pursuance of that suspension.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin to yield to me for a moment.
TheSPEAKER. Thegentleman from West
Virginia [Mr. McGrew] demands the regular
order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman give
way to allow a pension bill to be passed?
Mr. McGREW. I will hear what it is.
Mr. GiLFILLAN. I object.
river and harbor appropriation bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I call up the river and
harbor appropriation bill.
The House proceeded to consider the bill
(H. R. No. 3036) making appropriations for
the repair, preservation, and completion of
certaiu public works on rivers aud harbors,
and for other purposes.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that the first read-
ing of the bill be dispensed with.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Oh, no; let
it be read. We want time to get the bill aud
look at it.
The bill having been read through, the Clerk
proceeded to read it again by paragraphs for
amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it proper to make
points of order now?
The SPEAKER. Points of order may be
made as the paragraphs to which they relate
are read.
Mr. HAIGHT. I move to insert after line
thirty-three "for improvement of the north
and south branches of the Shrewsbury 'river,
in New Jersey, $14,000." In the river and
harbor bill of last session there was provision
made for 
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume the point of
order may be reserved on this amendment.
The SPEAKER. The point of ordi:r must
be made before the amendment is discussed.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I make thepoint of
