104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February IS,
Ho. 01' IilSPB.
Duty on Wool, etc.—Mr. Asper.
41st Cong.,.,3d Sess.
of rapid and premafure payments, while exten-
sion of time under proper guarantees will give
him opportunities of developing his resources
and of strengthening and fructifying his assets.
I would not under any circumstances assume
the responsibility of advocating or indorsing
any form of repudiation of a given pledge or
public faith, yet I hold that an arrangement for
easier terms of payment, before the maturity
of a debt, is neither repudiation nor dishonor-
able or humiliating, and it serves not only the
debtor's prosperity but, also benefits other ram-
ified interests, those of the creditor included.
Mr. Speaker, our present system of taxation
is such that many of our important industrial
branches are languishing and the greatest num-
ber of consumers are unduly suffering under its
weight; and a continuance thereof will utterly
crush some of them, and thereby seriously im-
pair our national affluence and credit, so that
many years may be required to recover its
legitimate buoyancy.
Therefore I ani in favor of a general reduc-
tion of our taxes, even if this should post
pone the ultimate redemption of our national
debt for a few years; and, without further
enlarging upon the peculiarly obnoxious fea-
tures of the income tax, namely, its inquisi-
tory, demoralizing, and unprofitable character,
I shall vote lor the immediate repeal of the
act authorizing its assessment and collection,
whether this measure be decided upon in the
Committee of the Whole or independently by
this House; but I should prefer the latter,
because I consider it. important that the sense
of this House as well as the vote of each mem-
ber on this question be distinctly understood
by the country, and therefore ought to be
separately recorded, so that it may not seem
as if we were shrinking from direct respon-
sibilities.
In conclusion, for the purpose of antici-
pating all insidious suppositions that my ac-
tion^ might be influenced by any partiality to
the interests of the wealthier classes, 1 repeat,
■what I have expressed on former occasions,
that I also recommend a reduction ,of the duty
imposed upon the importation of tea and cof-
fee, and that I sbail advocate at every oppor-
tunity this and similar modifications of our
tariff and internal revenue laws.
Duty on Wool, Coal, Salt, and lumber.
SPEECH OF HON. JOEL F. ASPER,
Of MISSOURI,
1st the House of Representatives,
February 13, 1871,
On the bill introduced by him to reduce the duty on
wool, and to place coal, salt, and lumbor ou tllo
free list.
Mr. ASPEK. Mr. Speaker, the bill I intro-
duce, and for which I ask the favorable con-
sideration of the House and the country, is
one which, if given a trial, will greatly benefit
the farming and laboring interests of the great
West. It need not be again urged that the
interests of the farmer are greatly depressed
all over the country, and especially in the
section of the country from which I have the
honor to be a Representative. The causes of
this depression are many; but among them a
most powerful influence is to be found—the
adjustment of impost duties upon the prime
articles of consumption. Seping these evils,
or the causes operating upon the masses, it
seems to me that a wise statesmanship would
endeavor to ascertain the source of the pres-
sure and depression and at once apply the rem-
edy. Being a western man, fully imbued with
the spirit, interests, and feelings common to
that section, 1 have given much attention and
thought to the matter, and I feel confident that
great relief would spring from a reduction of
duties Upon some and an entire abrogation of
duties upon other articles which are in general
and daily consumption in that section, and
indeed the country over.
A glance at the different subjects will be
sufficient to show the necessity of granting re-
lief in this direction, and the sudden rebound
that would result from immediate action.
lumber.
This is an article of prime necessity all over
the West. Neither houses nor fences can be
built or maintained without lumber all over
the prairie country; and the consumption
comes from the pine and hemlock districts.
The supply is mostly drawn from Iowa, Min-
nesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan, in this coun-
try, and also from Canada. The duty of course
increases the price, and every person all over
the western States using lumber is made to
feel this price. But a small portion of the
amount used is imported: only about fifteen
hundred thousand dollars of revenue is derived
from the importations of lumber, while mil-
lions of dollars go into the pockets of the
few men engaged in the home production of
lumber. Of this all the people of the sections
affected have a right to complain. The fol
lowing tabular statement (A) shows the amount
of imported lumbpr, the rate of duty paid on
each class, with the amount of the duty paid
into the Treasury; and it will bear studying
thoroughly:
® ® O (j
P- JM
I a !
r 2- o- §
8 8
fcf Sir
O O Ol f-O
p* w «0 C5
OO p O GO
s fe a s
s s s &
pi jp*.
Oi to OS
QO CO CO
Fo get this small amount of money into the
Treasury millions of dollars are paid into the
pockets of a few men engaged in the manu-
facture of lumber, as, of course, the price of
all lumber is enhanced to the extent of the
duty, and the largest part consumed is pro-
duced in this country. Will not this be a
relief to the masses of the people all over
the country? No one can doubt it; while no
injury can result to any one. I therefore ask
that lumber be placed upon the free list.
salt.
This article cannot be dispensed with.
Health, comfort, nay, life itself, depends upon
it; and yet it is loaded down with a duty of
one hundred and three per cent, on the classes
which go into general consumption. Here is a
tabular statement (B) showing the rate of duty,
the amount imported, and the amount of duty
paid into the Treasury :
&
o y
as
e
©
A,
From this statement it appears that only
$1,223,887 77 duty is paid into the Treasury,
being a sum equal to the value, or nearly so,
of all salt imported into the country. In con-
sequence of this duty all salt manufactured in
this country is enhanced in price one hundred
per cent, in order to pay a bounty to the few
greedy men engaged in _ the manufacture of
salt. I he home production is about one thou-
sand million pounds, every pound of which
is doubled in price at least by reason of the
duty affixed. When a farmer in the West
buys his barrel of salt, paying therefor from
four to six dollars, he can appreciate the fact
that at least half of that sum is a tax, one third
of which goes into the Treasury and the two
thirds into the pockets of the home manufac-
turers. This is all wrong.
The small amount of duty derived from this
source can easily be dispensed with without
detriment to the Treasury, and at a wonderful
rebound to all the business of the country,
because of the removal of this burden. It is
now a tax for the benefit of a monopoly and
should be wiped out, and salt should be placed
on the free list.
coal.
The duty upon coal is another of those duties
which burden production by enhancing the cost
of living to the laborer, and the cost of man-
ufacture also, aud should be wiped out. It
