1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TIB
struction of a railroad with a view to piercing
the Andes. The English people are grasping
for the trade by the way of the Amazon.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. COBURN. I hope I will be permitted
to finish my remarks.
Mr. RANDALL. I move the gentleman's
time be extended.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Chairman, we should
not be behindhand in obtaining free inter-
course with this powerful republic. The citi-
zens of Bolivia have shown themselves to be
superior to all other South American races.
Looking back to the former condition of the
Incas we find that they were the most power-
ful and the most intellectual of all the races
of the Indians found upon this continent at
the time of its discovery. The President of
the United States, you will remember, in his
recent message recommended a broader and
more general intercourse with South America.
That is the region with which we must very
largely deal. We are destined to have exten-
sive commerce with South America. It fur-
nishes a carrying trade from which we can
derive a large amount of business and wealth.
It furnishes us with many of our necessaries
of life. From there we obtain coffees, sugar,
Peruvian bark, India rubber, and other trop-
ical productions, which it produces in vast
abundance. In order that we may have_ more
intimate business relations with that region, it
is important that we should have the commer-
cial agent which I propose.
Mr. KELSEY. I oppose the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana, because the
Government has not seen fit to appoint aeon*
tul to Bolivia, and it' will be time enough to
make the appropriation when they do send a
consul there. I now ask for a vote.
The House divided, and there were—ayes 25,
noes 41 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers: and appointed Mr. Kelsey and Mr.
Coburx.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
ll)e Clerk read as follows:
For interpreters to the consulates in China, Japan,
Siam, and Turkey,including loss by exchange tliere-
on, $5,SliO.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to add the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That en oh consul and commercial agent
whose salary does not exceed §2,000 shall be entitled
to this compensation to the full amount of fees by
bim collected when the same exceeds the amount ot
his calary.
ilr. Chairman, this proposition, I "wili state
to my friend from New York, is made to niocfc
to some extent this condition of facts. It is a
general proposition, where we have a consul
or commercial agent whose salary is not over
$2,000, and where the fees amount to more
than the salary, he shall have as compensation
nil of the fees which he may collect. The gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Willard] suggests
that perhaps I have not sufficiently guarded
and limited my amendment as to keep the
compensation within $2,000, and I will there-
fore modify it by providing that in no ease
shall the compensation exceed $2,000.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For expenses under the neutrality act, $20,000.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. I find this item for
expenses under the neutrality act is a standing
annual appropriation. I ask information what
it is for, by whom the money is expended, and
for what purpose?
Mr. KELSEY. This is the usual appropri-
ation, and is expended by the State Depart-
ment iu taking charge of the neutral relations
of the Government and in looking out that no
violation of our neutral Saws shall occur, inere
are other appropriations made to punish those
who violate the neutrality act. This is in the
nature of a preventive service, as I under-
stand, and is expended by the State Depart-
ment for that purpose.
Mr. ELDR1D.GE. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. KELSEY. Let us get through the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There is not a quorum
present.
Mr. KELSEY. I think there is.
The Clerk read as follows:
To pay to the Government of Great Britain and .
Ireland the second and last installment of the !■
amount awarded by the commissioners under the
treaty of July 1,1S63, in satisfaction of the claims
of the Hudson Bay and of the Puget Sound Agri-
cultural Companies, §32d,000°in gold coin. i|
Mr. POLAND. I move the following pro- :i
viso, to come in after that paragraph: |
Provided, That before payment is made of that j:
portion of the above sum awarded to the Puget |j
Sound Agricultural Company, all taxeslegally as- !
sessed upon any of the property of the said company j
covered by said award, before the same was made, :
and still unpaid, shall be extinguished by said Puget |
Sound Agricultural Company, or the amount of such
taxes shall be withheld by the Government of the
United States from the sum hereby appropriated.
Mr. KELSEY. I think that ought to be
adopted.
The question being put on Mr. Poland's
amendment; it was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House. ;
The motion was agreed to. :
So the committee rose: and the Speaker 1
having resumed the chair, Mr. Allison re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
2G89) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1872, and had
directed him to report the same to the House
with sundry amendments, and with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. KELSEY. I demand theprevious ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; which was first on the
amendments.
The SPEAKER. Is there a separate vote
demanded on any amendment?
Mr. HOLMxVN. I ask to have read the
amendment last adopted, on the motion of the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
The amendment, was read.
No separate vote being demanded, the ques-
tion was put on the amendments reported by
the Committee of the Whole: and they were
concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tub president.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Horace
Porter, one of his secretaries, notifying the
House that he had approved and signed a bill
and ioint resolutions of the following titles :
A bill (H. R. No. 2706) for the relief of
Charles Pomeroy, late receiver of public
moneys at Port Dodge, Iowa :
■ A joint resolution (H. R. Ino. 100) provid-
■ ;ng for the payment of James T. Elliott, late
a private of the eleventh Michigan infantry, for
service as extra-duty clerk ; and
A ioint resolution (H. R. No. o08) for the
relief of Charles P. Elgin.
DOUGLAS PKITOIIARB.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R- N°.28o/)
for the relief of Douglas Pntchard, of Camp-
bell county, Kentucky ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
wyoming tekkitory.
Mr. NUCKOLLS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. Ii. No. 2858) to amend
an act entitled " An act to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Wyoming,"
approved July 28,18G8 ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Territories, itnd ordered to be printed.
Mr. NUCKOLLS also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2859) au-
thorizing certain roads in Wyoming; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
internal taxes.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, moved that the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 460) declaratory of the meaning
of the twenty sixth section of an act entitled
"An act to reduce internal taxes, and An-
other purposes," approved July 14,1870, which
was returned from the Senate with amend-
ments, be taken from the Speaker's table and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to; and it was so
ordered.
encouragement of ship-building. •
Mr. HOLMAN. At the instance of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. O'Neill,] who
has left the Hall, I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on Commerce
the bill (H. R. No. 2685)^ to provide for the
transportation of the United States mails to
Europe by steamships built in the United
States; and I move that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Cpmmittee on Commerce, and
printed.
The motion was agreed to ; and it was so
ordered.
reconsideration.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
several votes by which bills, &c., had been
referred and recommitted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. FAUNS-
WORTH, (at four o'clock and thirty minutes
p. in..) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. ARNELL: A petition from the
Duck River quarterly meeting of Friends of
the State of North Carolina, asking for aid to
common schools'at the South.
Also, the petition of Lafayette Huddleston
and 56 others, citizens of Maynardsville, Ten-
nessee,-asking for aid to common schools.
By Mr. ATWOOD: The petition of Messrs.
Culver, Page & Hoyne, S. E. Griggs & Co.,
and others, envelope manufacturers of Chicago,
asking for legislation that will relieve them
from injurious competition by the General
Government.
By Mr. BOYD: A bill establishing a post
route from Seneca City, the present terminus
of the Atlantic and Pacific railroad, Newton
county,Missouri, to Albuquerque,NewMexico.
By Mr. ELA : The petition of Z. T. Wal-
lingford and 72 others, citizens of Dover, New
Hampshire, for an appropriation to remove
obstructions to the navigation or Cochecho
"Tlso, the petition of C. W. Woodman and 57
others, for the same object
By Mr. FARNSWORTH : The petition of
Jesse C. Kellogg, and others, assistant mar
shals of the second district of II uiois, for
additional compensation for taking the census.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: A memorial of
