714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
the St. Louis Board of Trade, concerning the
improvement of the mouth of the Mississippi
river.
By Mr. HAMILTON: A bill to establish
certain mail routes in the State of Florida.
By Mr. LASH: The petition of Lewis
Haines, of Saulsbury, North Carolina, for
payment of a claim.
Also, the petition of Joseph E. Kerner, a
citizen of Forsyth county, North Carolina,
for removal of disabilities.
Also, the petition of Hunt& Watkins and
22 others, members of the tobacco trade of
Milton, North Carolina, for relief from tax on
sales.
By Mr. McGREW: A "petition of citizens
of Upshur and Lewis counties, West Virginia,
for the establishment of certain post roads.
By Mr. McKENZlE: The petitions of
George H. Poindexter and J. J.- Roberts, of
Fauquier county, Virginia, asking for relief
from disabilities under the fourteenth amend-
ment.
Also, the petitions of James A. Lowndes,
of Virginia; of A. S.Taylor, of Alexandria,
Virginia; of T. P. Hereford and W. E. Good-
whin, of Prince William county, Virginia; of
Madison Meade, of Orange county, Virginia;
of W. P, Gordon, of Louisa county, Virginia;
and of John Deft, of King George county, Vir-
ginia, for relief from political disabilities.
Also, the petition of L. H. Amiss, of Cul-
peper county, Virginia, a loyal man, asking
for pay for supplies furnished the troops during
the war.
By Mr. MORGAN: The memorial of Mrs.
E. A. Ratcliff, of Zanesville, Ohio, asking for
compensation for supplies furnished Union
soldiers during the war.
By Mr. RICE : The petition of Nelson Ham-
ilton, of Pike county, Kentucky, asking to be
relieved from legal and political disabilities
imposed by article fourteen of amendments to
the Constitution.
Also, the petition of Joseph E. Ratliff, of
Pike county, Kentucky, asking to be relieved
from legal and political disabilities imposed by
article fourteen of amendments to the Consti-
tution.
Also, the petition of Franklin Williamson,
of Pike county, Kentucky, asking to be relieved
from legal atid political disabilities imposed by
article fourteen of amendments to the Consti-
tution.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of A. Kirby
and C50 other persons, asking for an appro-
priation to construct a harbor at the mouth
of the Menomonfee river, Green Bav. Wis-
consin.
By Mr. SLOCUM: The petition of Mrs.
Louisa Jenkins, of New York, widow of Henry
Jenkins, deceased, for an extension of the
patent granted her husband for an improve-
ment iu the process of manufacturing wire
grating.
By Mr. STEVENSON: A memorial of un-„
derwriters of Cincinnati, protesting against
the construction of the Newport and Cincin-
nati bridge on the present plan as an obstruc-
tion to navigation.
By Mr. SWANN: The memorial of Charles
F.Martorana, praying for a return of duties
paid at the Baltimore (Maryland) custom-
house.
IN SENATE.
WednesdayJanuary 25, 18/1.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, 0. D,.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the further read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. Is there objection ?
Mr. CASSERLY.. I object; and I will state
the reason. A great many Senators engaged
on committees rely on having a little space
during the morning hour occupied by the read-
ing of the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the reading will be resumed.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
senator from missouri.
,Mr. SCHURZ. I desire to announce the
presence of Hon. Francis P. Blair, elected to
the United States Senate by the Legislature of
Missouri to fill the vacancy occasioned by the
resignation of Mr. Drake.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri announces the presence of his col-
league, whose credentials were presented yes-
terday. He will present himself to the Chair
and take the oaths of office.
The oaths prescribed by law having been
administered to Mr. Blair, he took his seat in
the Senate.
committee service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair an-
nounces the following appointments to fill
vacancies on committees of the Senate: upon
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, Mr.
Blair; on Education and Labor, Mr. Blair;
on Naval Affairs, Mr. Stearns ; on Patents,
Mr. Stearns; upon the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate, Mr. Cragin ; on Revolutionary Claims,
Mr. IIo well.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg leave to state to
the Senate that I am on four committees, more
than I can attend to ; and I ask the consent
of the Senate to be relieved from service on
the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the request of the Senator from Ohio?
The Chair hears notip. How shall the vacancy
be filled? ["By the Chair."] The Chair'nears
no objection to the course proposed, and he
appoints Mr. Blair to fill the vacancy.
withdrawal of an indian treaty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits a letter from the Secretary of the Interior
iu regard to an Indian treaty, which treaties,
by the rules of the Senate, are now to be con-
sidered in open session. The Chair therefore
submits the letter to be read in open session.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter :
Department ok the Interior,
Washixoton, D. C., January 21,1871.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith the
approval by the President of the application made
by this Department for the withdrawal of the treaty
of 1st of June. 1868, with the Chippewa and Munseo
or Christian Indians, now pending in the (Senate,
and respectfully request that said treaty bo for-
warded to this Department.
I have the honor to be, Ac.,
0. DELANO,
Secretary of the Interior.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, President of the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the treaty be
returned to the President.
The motion was agreed to.
petition's and memorials.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of the county of Lapeer, State of Mich-
igan, setting forth that certain lands lying in
that county were many years since set off and
granted to the Port Huron and Milwaukee
Railroad Company; that said company have
never made or contracted to make or build a
railroad between the points designated in the
State of Michigan ; that the lands so granted
have been for more than twenty years with-
held from sale and settlement in consequence
of the grant; and they therefore pray Con-
gress to pass a law declaring void the gran t of
lands to said railroad company, and to restore
the lands to sale and settlement; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of Louisa
Jenkins, of New York, widow of Henry Jen-
kins, deceased, praying for an extension of the
patent granted to her husband for an improve-
ment in the process of manufacturing wire grat-
ing ; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents.
Mr. BOREMAN presented a petition of the
minor children of G. W. Dakon, deceased, who
was a soldier in the United States Army in the
late war for the suppression of the rebellion,
and was killed while in such service, praying
to be allowed pensions; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial of
pilots who served in the Mississippi squadron
during the late war, praying remuneration for
certain services rendered, and also indemnity
for certain losses occasioned while in the ser-
vice of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a letter of the Post-
master General, addressed to the chairman of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
communicating his views on the petition of J.
Q. Prebles & Co., praying the discontinuance
of the manufacture and sale of stamped en-
velopes by the Government; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of William
B. Whiting, praying such an amendment of
the postal law of June 12, 1866, as will allow
letters sent in care of authorized parties to be
remailed to persons to whom addressed with-
out prepayment of postage; which was referred
to the Committee on Pust Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. AMES presented the petition of J. It.
McGinnis, first lieutenant and chief ordnance
officer in the department of the Platte, praying
the passage of a law exempting the vacancy in
the grade of captain existing in the ordnance
department at the time of the passage of the
act of March 3, 1869, prohibiting promotion
in the ordnance department, and to which he
had been nominated, from the operation of that
act; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. TIPTON, it was
Ordered. That Daniel G. Cottins have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 400) for the relief of
Major J. W. Nicholls, paymaster United States
Army, to ask to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Committee on Military Affairs
will be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and the bill referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. HOWE. I shall have something to say
about that reference. I cannot see any rea-
son, after one committee has examined a claim
of that sort, why it should be reported back
and sent to another. The Committee on Claims
have a larger calendar before them than it is
possible for them to dispose of, and if the
^Committee on Military Affairs have already
examined this case, it seems to me they had
better report their conclusion and let the Sen-
ate act upon it.
-The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin objects to the change of refer-
ence, and the question will be propounded to
the Senate if the Senator from Massachusetts
insists upon it.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator has not the
time to make the examination, the Committee
on Military Affairs will endeavor to do so,
but the bill should appropriately go to the
Committee on Claims. It is really a claim.
But I will withdraw the report for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report is
withdrawn.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No, 203) authorizing the Sec-
