1540
am conammonal globe.
February 23,
and yet dangerous to enter, becauseof these obstruc-
tions : Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tive* of the State of Michigan. Th at our Senators jind
Representatives in Congress Jbe requested to use.a!i
honorable means to procure a farther appropriation
Congress of 323,000. to fully complete said work.
llmolvejt* That the Governor be requested to trans-
rail c pjes of the foregoing preamble and resolutions
to our Senator.-* and Kepreseiitanves in Congress.
A. B. WOOD,
President pro tempore "f the Senate.
„ , J. J. WOODMAN.
Speaker of the House of H''PreneiUative^.
Executive Mansion,
XIANSISO, Michigan, february 14,1871.
Approved:
HENRY P. BALDWIN.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I wish 10 ask the
gentleman whether this appropriation is recom-
mended by the engineer department?
Mr. STRICKLAND. I hold in my hand
the recommendation of that department. This
appropriation is intended to complete a work
already begun but not completed. This har-
bor has a rock bottom; and the Government
has already expended $65,000 for the purpose
of opening the channel sixty feet wide. The
ivork has progressed as far as the appropri-
ation already made would allow. This appro-
priation is needed in order to make available
the $65,000 already expended. Unless this
appropriation isadded to that already expended
we will have lost the use of the entire $63,000
in having some improvement tnadefor the ben-
efit of that, the greatest of the lakes. This
House in carrying out that which has been
inaugurated ought to give us the$100,000 rec-
ommended by the engineer department, but
we ask but one fourth of ihe recommendation,
namely, $25,000, tocomplete the work. 1 hope
the House will grant it in order that there may
be some value to commerce of the $65,000
already -expended.
Mr. Speaker, I have passed in and out of
this harbor, and I know "the difficulties there.
The steamer Madison went aground upon these
rocks when I was looking at them. Unless
we do this there will be no way of making the
harbor available. The rocks are nearly cleared
out and this amount will complete the chan-
nel. It was intended to have the channel two
hundred feet wide. We do not ask that; we
only ask that it may be wide enough for the
purposes of commerce.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Let us hear the
recommendation of the engineers.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I will send it to the
Clerk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Eagle Harbor, Michigan—Lake Superior.—A eon-
tract was made on the 10th of August, 1867, with
David Quinn, of Chicago, to remove this rock, at the
rate of titty-eight dollars per cubic yard, the work
to be completed on the 1st of O^tob r, 1863. Mr.
Quinn failed in his work. A special report, giving
all the facts in the case, will bo found in Appendix
A, 1. After due notice given a contract was made,
on the ^6th of January, 186J, with George W. Town-
send, ot Boston, lor removing this rock, at the rate
of forty do liars per cubic yard. Work was commenced
early in June, and during that month seventy-three
cubic yards were removed. The contractor was san-
guine of success, and hoped to make rapid progress
toward completion this season.
There was appropriated in 1867 $65,000 00
Of which amount there was on hand on the
30th of Jane, 1869  44,253 33
Amount estimated for removal of rock
alone, (seo report of 1868) 195,588 00
Amount required for next fiscal year 100,000 00
Mr. SAWYER. What does the Clerk read
from ?
The SPEAKER. The report of the Chief
of Engineers for 1869.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. That is not for this
year. \
Mr. STRICKLAND. No appropriation has
yet been made under it.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, it is a very
unpleasant and thankless duty to resist appli
cations of this kind, coming from our associ-
ates upon the floor of this House, for the relief
of particular places, with which they ought to
be better acquainted than we are; but it is
impossible for the Committee oil Commerce
to comply with every man's wishes in respect
to the rivers and harbors in his district, and it
is impossibje for this House to pass or expect
to pass through the Senate a bill covering such
an aggregate sura as will meet the wishes of
us all. Now, the Committee on Commerce
have recommended the amodnt which they
think is the utmost that should be expended
for rivers and harbors for the next fiscal year,
and hjfve given to the apportionment of it
the most careful consideration. If they have
given no more for Eagle harbor, they did so
because there is now on hand an unexpended
balance of some twenty thousand dollars for
this work, and because, also, they thought, as
indicated by the gentleman from Wisconsin,
that there was nothing in the commerce of
this harbor which demanded any further appro-
priation.
We had recommendations from the engineer
department for appropriations for the improve-
ment of rivers aud harbors, amounting in all
to $8,000,000. We have brought in a bill
appropriating about four million dollars. If I
could have my wish as to the appropriations
for rivers and harbors I would be disposed to
confine the expenditures for those matters to
the great leading harbors and rivers of the
country, where the chief trade and navigation
of the country are carried on. But the House
knows, as well as I know, that no bill can be
carried through the House without the general
support of its members. And for that pur
pose the committee has been obliged to look
into the demands for every district and make
the largest allotment, consistent with the limits
of the aggregate sum to be appropriated which
we could make, retaining, as I think, far too
little regard to the relative importance the
trade of such localities bears to the general
commerce of the country.
Now, in considering the distribution of pub-
lic moneys for rivers and harbors, Michigan
has not been overlooked. We have two mem-
bers from the upper lakes on the sub-committee
of five which has had charge of this question.
And the amount for the harbors of Michigan
alone outof the whole appropriation of $4,000,-
000, is in round numbers $600,000. For the
harbors of Wisconsin on the upper lakes there
is an aggregate appropriation of $251,000.
That is, in round numbers, $850,000, out of
$4,000,000, allowed for the harbors of the
upper lakes in those States alone. And I
think that is quite as far, under the circum-
stances, as the House ought to go. In my
judgment, indeed wholly disproportionate to
ttoe allowance made to my own State. While
I have nothing but the kindest feeling for the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Strickland]
and his harbor, I am sure, if the House wishes
any harbor bill to pass at all, it must stop right
now breaking into the bill reported. Three
times already, sir, on the very first page of
the bill, gentlemen have disregarded its recom-
mendation, adding some thirty thousand dol-
lars for New Jersey. And ihe House has only
t > keep on this way for a few minutes more,
and it will have added to the ljjll an aggregate
sum, which, if it could passthrough this House,
could not be passed through the Senate at all.
Mr. DAWES. This bill, as the House is
aware, came from the Committee on Commerce
to the Committee on Appropriations. I do not
know of any committee which has expended
more time upon any bill than the Committee
on Commerce has expended on this one.
While the Committee on Appropriations in
reviewing it would have desired to make some
changes in different parts of the bill, while
they would have desired to make a different
distribution to some extent of this money, yet
they saw at once that if they, and afterthem
this House, did not put confidence in the Com-
mittee on Commerce and the result of its
labors, and stand by it, nobody could, and in
the House itself it would he.utteriy impossible
to perfect this bill.
Any considerableinnovation upon thereport
of the Committee onSomtBSMae, however indi-
vidual members of our committee or of the
House may dislike it in certain features, would
insure one'of two things: the failure of the bill
here, or the loading it to such an extent that
none of us would then want to take the respons-
ibility of voting for it. I submit to the gea-
ileman from Michigan. [Mr. Strickland,] or
to any other gentleman who feels that the
Committee on Commerce has not quite done
by his locality what ought to be done, I sub-
mit to his candid judgment whether, in the
present condition of things, $4,000,000 is not
all that we can reasonably expend in this field
of public improvement.
And if that is admitted, Mr. Speaker, the
question comes up as a practical one whether
we here can better make this bill than five
gentlemen, selected by the Speaker of this
House because of their interest in the general
question and their intelligence and informa-
tion concerning the general questions'of com-
merce, sitting down and making it their study
can do. I submit to gentlemen that they ara
not accomplishing in the end'what they seek
by undertaking to break through this bill and
load itdowr. with theseamendments. While the
Committee on Appropriations have no pride
in this matter and no responsibility for the
distribution of this $4,000,009, and no more
interest than any other member of ihe House
in keeping down the expenditure, yet as the
organ of that committee 1 give to the House
the result of their review, nor, approving of the
entire distribution, but convinced of the fact
that we had better take the bill as awhole thau
undertake here to break it down and destroy
it altogether.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question.
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted upon
this amendment..
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
the amendment so as to increase (he appro-
priation $5,000. When this amendment was
offered by the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Strickland] the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Sawyer] who has charge of this bill
made a remark that surprised me. He said
that the amendment ought not to be adopted
because it was for a place of no sort of con-
sequence and that had no commerce. I sup-
posed from the character of this bill that these
appropriations were for the purpose of making
places for commerce. If this place is of no
consequence now, why so much the more need
of an appropriation. Who can look at this
bill, confiscating $4,000,000 and upward of
the people's money, and scattering it around
to the different States and congressional dis-
tricts of tlie country, without seeing at a glance
that almost the whole object of these appro-
priations is to build up towns; and if the gen-
tleman from Michigan has got a town which is
of no consequence that is his misfortune, and
we ought to help him by giving him some
money to make a town and give it commerce.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SAWYER. AVe do not like to distrib-
ute money in that way.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Sir, the whole bill
is distributed in that way. If I understand the
bill it is framed upon that principle in the
main, and not upon the principle of making
harbors for the benefit of the commerce of
the United States. Itisthat towns may flour-
ish ; that people who are settled at particular
placesupou the Lakes, upon the sea-board, or
upon rivers may make money by the enhance-
ment of the value of their property ; it is that
their business may thrive, and not "that harbors
shall be made and great rivers cleared for the
benefit of the commerce of the United States.
Why, sir, I find here a bill appropriating
money, I do not remember to how many
States, but to nearly all the States in this
Union that have got rivers or bodies of water
large enough to float a small vessel upon,: they
are all crowded together, compromised and put
in one bill—-aa omnibus bill—to go through
