1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
retary of War to furnish tents for a masonic
encampment at Williamsport, Pennsylvania,
moved that it be indefinitely postponed, the
time referred to in i.t having passed by; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 266) for the
relief of Abram G. Snyder, of the Watervliet
arsenal, at West Troy, New York, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same eommittec, to whom
was referred the bill (EL R. No. 2814) for the
relief of James Murphy, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of J. W.
Parish & Co., praying compensation for losses
sustained on account of the refusal on the part
of the Government to receive from them twenty
thousand tons of ice, pax-eel of thirty thou-
sand tons contracted and delivered at various
points on the Tennessee and Mississippi rivers
during the year 1863, have had the same under
consideration, and have directed me to report
a joint resolution conferring authority upon
the Court of Claims to hear and determine
this case. It would have gone originally to that
court, probably; but the intervention of the
statute of limitations requires this joint resolu-
tion. I ask that the.report be printed.
The joint resolution (S. ii. No. 294) con-
ferring upon the Court of Claims power to hear
and determine the claim of J. W. Parish &
Co.. for damages for the alleged violation of
their contract with the United States for the
delivery of ice, was read and passed to a sec-
ond reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
M r. PRATT, from die Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Lewis
John-ou & Co., bankers, praying to be reim-
bursed for certain moneys paid by them on a
check drawn by Paymaster Benjamin P. Gal-
lagher, United States Navy, on the Assistant
Treasurer at New York, payment of which was
prohibited by the Secretary of the Navy, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 1255) forthe relief of Lewis Johnson &
Co. The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Appro-
priations. to whom was referred the bill (H.
it. No. 2536) making appropriations for the
bimport of the Military Academy for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1872, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1075) to provide for the appointment of
clerks of the circuit and district courts for the
district of Indiana, and defining their powers
and duties, have instructed me to report it
back adversely, and recommend its indefinite
postponement. The Senator from Indiana who
introduced the bill [Mr. Pratt] may feel some
interest in the matter, and, if lie prefers that
course, I am willing that it shall go on the Cal-
endar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse report
of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the same commit-
tee, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 285) in reference to life insurance
companies, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1237) to ratify and carry into effect the
constitution and form of government for the
Indian Territory, adopted December 20,1870,
at Ocmulgee, by the general council of said
Territory, held by authority of the Government
of the UnitedStates, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. SCOTT presented the memorial of the
Cincinnati and Newport Bridge Company, in
reply to memorials heretofore presented in
regard to the elevation of their bridge; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
gilbert morton.
Mr. SCOTT. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
379) to authorize the restoration of Gilbert
Morton to the naval service, have had the
same under consideration, and have instructed
me to report it back with amendments, and to
ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The amendments of the Committee on Naval
Affairs were to strike out the word "late," in
line five, and also the word "officer," in the
same line, and to insert "ensign," and to strike
out the words "to the place from which he
was dismissed," in line six; so as to make the
bill read:
That the President of the United States be, and he
is hereby, authorized to nominate, and, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to reappoint
Gilbert Morton an ensign in the Navy.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed; and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
.noah fisher.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (H. II. No. 2535)
for the relief of Noah Fisher, have had the
same under consideration, and have directed
me to make a report recommending the pas-
sage of the bill without amendment. I ask that
this bill be put on its passage.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to go
through the morning business. I have several
bills that I desire to present when the proper
time comes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection.
Mr. PRATT. This is a small bill, paying
Mr. Fisher ยง420. He was a refugee from the
South during the war. The rebels stripped
him of everything except two wagons, four
mules, and harness; and these he turned over
to the Quartermaster General .at Norfolk.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am not objecting to
the bill; but I want to go through the morning
business. I have several bills that I desire to
present to day for the purpose of reference,
and I wish to get through the morning business.
I am not objecting to the bill.
Mr. PRATT. It will take but a moment to
consider this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read, subject to objection; it will go over on
objection by any Senator.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which provides for the payment
to Noah Fisher, of the State of Indiana, $420
for mules, harness, and wagons delivered by
him to the quartermaster's department of the
United States Army, at Norfolk, in the State
of Virginia, February 25, 1864, and receipted
for at the time of delivery.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
house bil"l referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2396) for the relief of
James J. Hiles, late a private in the third
Missouri cavalry, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
bills istropuced.
Mr. CHANDLER asked; and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1256) for the preservation and protection
of beacons, beacon piers, light-house piers,
protection buoys, stakes, dolphins, and their
appurtenances, and other aids to navigation
placed by or at the expense of the United
States for the security, direction, and guidance
i of vessels in the navigable waters of the Uni-
, ted States ; which was read twice by its title.
! referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1257) making a temporary appropriation for
the prosecution of the work upon the improve-
ment of St. Mary's Falls canal and St. Mary's
: river, Michigan ; which was read twice by its
1 title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bid (S. No. 1258)
to enable the Jackson, Lansing, and Saginaw
Railroad Company to change the northern
terminus of the railroad from Traverse Bay
to the straits of Mackinaw; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1259) to amend an act entitled "An act
to restrict the 'jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims and to provide for the payment of
certain demands for quartermaster's stores and
subsistence supplies furnished to the Army of
the United States," approved July 4, 1864;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (3.
No. 1260) to continue full pension to Catha-
rine B. Turner, widow of Daniel Turner, who
was a captain in the United States Navy; which
was read a first time by its title, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to make an explanation, and then,
subject to objection, I shall ask that the bill be
put on its passage. An act was passed equal-
izing pensions, which took effect, I think, on
the 1st of January, 1870. Mrs. Turner is the
widow of that Captain Turner who was the
second in command of Commodore Perry at
the glorious battle of Lake Erie and received
the highestcommendations of his commander
in-chief. Congress granted her a pension of
fifty dollars a month. She has enjoyed it for
I know not how many years; but now by a con-
struction of the act passed by Congress, which
I do not think was the intention of Congress,
her pension is cut down from fifty to thirty
dollars a month. This bill leaves it the same
as she has enjoyed it, I will not venture to say
how many years; but she is a very venerable
lady and will enjoy it but a very few years
longer. This bill merely provides that her
pension shall not be cut down from what it has
always been. It is no increase.
Mr. CORBETT. Was this the case of a
Navy pension ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir. This bill does
not increase the pension, but prevents it from
being reduced ; that is all.
Mr. CORBETT. I think we passed an act
not long ago restoring the Army pensions. Is
not this case embraced in that act ?
Mr. ANTHONY. It does not apply to this
case, although I think it was intended to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read in full, subject to objection.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not object to it,
but the chairman of the Committee on Pen-
sions [Mr. Edmusds] is not in Ms seat; and
I remember'that I had a case similar to this,
where a pension was granted by a special act
of Congress to a widow, and where another
act cut it down, and I asked to have her pen-
sion continued at the old rate, and the chair-
man of the Committee on Pensions objected
and defeated the bill.
Mr. CRAGIN. A law has already been
passed providing for these cases by special
act. This is a ease under the general law. i
do hope that this bill will be passed imrnedi-
