1542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
South. It strikes me that amendments pro-
posing appropriations forclearing out southern
rivers and harbors and for their protection and
improvement wonld be very appropriate.
I agree with the gentlema'h from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnsworth.] who said much of this
sort of -legislation was introduced into Con-
gress and passed yearly for the benefit of gen-
tlemen who desire localities to be enhanced in
value. I have noticed that for a long -time in
the character of appropriation bills.
But, sir, I have been particularly struck in
looking over this bill to see how much of this
amount is appropriated foe clearing out the
northern harbors and improving the naviga-
tion of the northern rivers, and how little lor
southern rivers and southern harbors. Now,
Mr. Speaker, are there no magnificent rivers
in the South upon which floats the commerce of
millions and millions of dollars, and in which
the people of the whole country are interested,
to be cleared out, no harbors there which ought
lo be improved for the protection of southern
commerce as well as northern commerce?
Mr. CONGER. The committee have made
appropriations for every, southern river and
harbor where we have liad a report from the
chief of engineers.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Why have not
the Government engineers done their duty?-
Mr. CONGER. Because southern members
have not asked for surveys.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Why have they
not gone to the ruined and dilapidated South
to see whether their harbors should not be
repaired, whether money of the people should
not be devoted to their rivers and harbors for
the benefit of the commerce of the whole
nation? I protest that this is an appropria-
tion of money almost exclusively for the ben-
efit of one section. Look at the bill. You
appropriate $4,194,000, and of that entire
amount only $503,000 is appropriated for re-
pairing southern harbors and benefiting the
navigation of southern rivers, while $3,680,000
are appropriated for like purposes at the North.
Why is it? I have seen it ever since 1 have
been a member of Congress. I protest against
it. It seems as if legislation in this House
looked directly to the protection of one sec-
tion of the country to the exclusion of the
other. I would call the attention of members
of the House to this fact.
And, Mr. Speaker, I cannot see why the
Democratic members of the Committee on
Commerce, who profess -to look to the protec-
tion of the whole country, and especially to
the building up of the reconstructed States
in the South, have not inclined more to the
improvement and development of that section
of the country in the way of appropriations
in this bill. Why have they not required that
a fair proportion of the public money should
be expended there?
Mr. SAWYER. I hope debate will be
closed on the pending paragraph.
Mr. Farnswokth's amend ment to the amend-
ment was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Strick-
land's amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
twenty-seven, noes not counted.
So (no further count being demanded) the
amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BOLES. I move at the end of line
thirty-seven to add " for the improvement of
the Washita river, Stateof Arkansas, $72,300."
Mr. Speaker, the only reason why, as I under-
stand it, this appropriation has not been in-
cluded in the bill is because the report of the
engineer was not received before the bill was
reported. This work has been"recommended
by the engineer department. It is the first
assistance we will have ever had for that
stream. It is one of the most important rivers
in my State. We ask for this amount because
it is sufficient to make the navigation of that
stream safe and reliable, in order to show
4he importance of this improvement I will ask
the Clerk to read a passage from the engineer's
report on rivers and harbors.
The Clerk read as follows:
"General remarks.—The most prominent shipping
points on the river in the State of Arkansas are
Camden and Arkadelphia. Arkadelphia commands
tho trade of a part of Pike. Clark. Hot Springs, and
Dallas counties, which depend altogether on the
navigation of the river for shipping off the produce
and procuring supplies. As tho time for navigating
the river sets in, when cotton, the main staple pro-
duct of the country, is getting ready for shipment,
it is evident that the unobstructed navigation of the
river is of immense importance to the inhabitants.
The amount of cotton shipped from Arkadelphia
annually is from six to eight thousand bales, which
are carried to Camden by light-draught boats, and
reshipped at that place for Ketr Orleans. Hemp-
stead. Sevier, and the southwestern part of Pike
county, which in former years shipped off their pro-
duce through Red river, are now dependent on the
navigation of Washita river, since the raft in Ked
river has closed again and is impassable for boats.
Thus every bale of cotton from thoso counties has to
be hauled in wagons to the nearest shipping point,
namely, Camden; and by the same method all the
supplies are carried back into the interior. Camden
thus commands the whole trade with all the coun-
ties lying west of it. as also with Calhoun county,
and. through Arkadelphia, with those counties ad-
joining the upper section of the river. Camden has
large business houses, having an extensive trade.
During the season of 1870 over thirty thousand bales
of cotton were shipped from that place to New Or-
leans, and the shipment during the present season
is expected to exceed that of 1870.
" The uiovernor Allen, a large steamer engaged dur-
ing the summer season in the Vicksburg and New
Orleans' trade, made, hi 1870, twenty-one regular
weekly trips between New Orleans and Camden,
having bad always a full cargo, exporting cotton,
and returning with groceries, dry goods, and all
other supplies for the coming year. As an example
of the flourishing trade that is carried on with the
interior of the country, it may be mentioned that
one of the large business houses (and there are many
in the place) has sold, during the last year, twenty
thousand barrels of flour."
Mr. POTTER. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the amendment of the gentleman
from Arkansas [Mr. Boles] is not germane to
this part of the bill. We are now discussing
appropriations for harbors in Michigan, We
have not yet reached Arkansas.
Mr. ROOTS. And never will reach the
State of Arkansas in any bill reported from
this committee.
Mr. POTTER. And never ought to, unless
they have proper recommendations before
them.
Mr. ROOTS. That is where you differ with
the engineers who have examined the subject.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Scofield
in the chair.) The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Potter] raises the point of order that
the amendment is not germane to the clause
before the House. It is not necessary that
the amendment should be germane to the par-
ticular clause. All that is necessary is that it
should be germane to the general objects of the
bill. The Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. BOLES. The engineer recommends
that $98,300 be appropriated for the improve-
ment of this river. He also recommends some-
thing over twenty thousand dollars for the Lit-
tle Missouri river, a tributary of this river, and
$68,000 for the improvement of the Petit Jean
river, all in the southwestern portion of our
State. Now, if we can get tnis $72,000 for
the improvement of this stream, which is the
most important to us now, we will not urge
any appropriation for these other streams.
We only ask for a little over thirty per cent,
of what has been recommended for this river.
If we get this appropriation we will not urge
the others which have been recommended.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONGER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. Mr. Speaker, in regard to this survey
and improvement, I desire to say that the
report from the engineer department, which
is only a partial report, and an insufficient
report for our action, as I think, came after
the bill was prepared, and after it had been
reported to the Committee on Appropriations.
If gentlemen will read the report, which is
Executive Document No. 60, part four, they
will see that this is an improvement of some
portions of this river, to deepen the water by
dredging to two and a half feet. My friend
from Arkansas [Mr. Boles] asks for the whole
appropriation now. Now, there is no case
through this whole bill where an appropriation
has been recommended to complete the work
in which the committee have authorized the
whole appropriation recommended. It is. one
of the difficulties we have to contend with,
this coming before the House with motions to
put in amendments giving the whole appro-
priation asked for by the engineers, when the
rule followed by the committee has been to
distribute the appropriations at the rate of
about thirty per cent., at the utmost, of the
whole amount sought to be expended.
Now, I will say lo the gentleman from
Arkansas that this shoal river, which, as the
engineer says, has but about twelve inches
of water at low water, and which can only be
improved by dredging to a depth of two and
a half feet, will receive in its turn and in its
time a suitable appropriation to commence the
experiment of the dredging of these shoals at
one point and at another, when it will be seen
if it will last, and it' a freshet in the spring will
not again fill up the parts that are dredged.
But 1 do not think it best in the case of such
streams to have the whole appropriation ex-
pended at once. Nor do I think it best to put
this particular appropriation in the present
bill. The report of the engineer which has
been quoted came too late for the action of the
House. It came too late for its consideration
by the committee, and therefore too late to
have its recommendations incorporated in this
bill. The report shows that the survey is not
yet completed, but that it is to a large extent
made up, as the engineer says on page 12 of the
report, from information given him by other
individuals.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I onlyrepeat what Ihave
said before, that the committee have endeav-
ored, wherever the reports of engineers have
reached us from the South or the North, from
the Eastor the West, to give to every riverand
every harbor its due proportion according to
the necessities of the country. But I oppose
this amendment, as 1 was forced painfully to
•do an amendment which the Legislature of my
own State have urged upon me, and I thiuk
it ought not to be put in this bill.
en rolled bill and resolution signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 1306) to relieve John Wil-
liamson, of Savannah, Georgia, of legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 306) prescrib-
ing the oath to be taken by H. V. M. Miller,
Senator elect from Georgia.
river and iiauboll appropriation bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask for a vote on the
amendment.
Mr. BOLES. I desire to say a few words.
Mr. ROGERS. And I desire to say a word
or two.
Mr. SAWYER. Very well; then I will not
move to close debate just now.
Mr. BOLES. In reply to the statement
made by the gentleman from Michigan that
this was an iuformal survey, I must insist that
he is mistaken, so far as that portion of the
river which is within the State of Arkansas is
concerned; below the Arkansas line it was
iuformal.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I insist that we are enti-
tled to this amount.. This river has not been
surveyed heretofore. Ithasbeen withoutany
survey or appropriation, and we do not ask
above thirty per cent, of the amount named
in the recommendation, because the engineer
lias reported in favor of appropriating some-
thing over two hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand dollars for the improvement of these
