108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
Ho. of Reps.
Condition of the South—Mr. Buck.
41st Gong 3d Sess.
No higher proof of their discipline could have
been given. In the perfect order that pre-
vailed during the whole fire, in the cheerful
obedience to every order, in endurance under
extreme cold, in the energy, determination,
and bravery with which they fought the flames
for three hours, resulting in arresting a great
disaster to the Academy, the cadets have given
a pledge of gallant devotion to duty which the
Government cannot fail to appreciate. As a
slight recognition of the soldierly conduct of
the corps the acting superintendent directs
that all cadets in arrest, except those awaiting
the sentence of a court-martial, be released,
and also that all confinements and punish-
meuts, except those named in Special Orders,
No. 3, (current series,) of January 10, 1871,
from this office, and those resulting from
court-martial, be canceled down to date.
********
By command of Lieutenant Colonel Upton:
EDWARD C. BOYNTON,
Brevet Major and Adjutant.
[Special Orders, No. 15.]
Headquarters
United States Military Academy,
West Point, February 7, 1871.
Academic duties will be resumed to-morrow.
The superintendent recognizes the fact that
in consequence of the recent disaster the corps
of cadets must necessarily be for some time sub-
jected to more or less inconvenience, and it
maybe to some discomfort; but he feels as-
sured that a body of young men who are being
educated for a profession full of trials and dis-
comforts, and who exhibited so much courage
and fortitude on the eventful morning of the
6th instant, will make the most of their situa-
tion and bear with cheerfulness any incon-
venience they may be called upon to endure.
By command of Colonel Pitcher:
EDWARD C. BOYNTON,
Brevet Major and Adjutant.
, Condition of the South.
SPEECH OF HON. A. E. BUCK,
OF ALABAMA ,
In the House of Representatives,
February 14, 1871,
The Houso, by previous order, having met as in
Committee of the Whole for debate.
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, a thorough knowl-
edge of the slate of the Union is at all times
desirable. Indeed it is absolutely necessary to
secure judicious legislation for the relief of
present and the avoidance of future evil. The
necessity for such information with respect to
the condition of the States lately in rebellion,
is greater, in my opinion, at this time than at
any period since the surrender at Appomat-
tox. How shall this information be obtained ?
What can we do for the purpose of ascertain-
ing the facts respecting the actual condition
of things in those States? Without such knowl-
edge we cannot arrive at a satisfactory conclu-
sion as to our duty as legislators ; and whether
we act without it, or refuse to act for want of
it, the people of the United States will not
fail to hold Congress to a fearful but just
account, if they become convinced of the truth
of reports respecting the crimes and outrages
which have been, and are still, of almost daily
occurrence in most, if not in all of those States.
Each mail from the South brings reports in
papers and private letters, concerning the com-
mission of crimes and outrages which seem
incredible ; and if they are true their enormity
is shocking to the moral sense of the nation.
But each mail also brings another class of let
ters and papers, in which the truth of those re-
ports is denied, and the assertion boldly made
that " things are improving in the South,
especially in those States which have recently
gone Democratic."
Sir, let us be wise in time. That this state
of crimination and recrimination, of charge
and denial, exists throughout the States lately
in rebellion cannot be denied. But whether
true or false is not the question. We cannot
shut our eyes to the fact of its existence and
that it is indicative of the tone and temper of
the public mind. These complaints are made
by the papers and members of one political
party and are denied by those of the other.
These States and the people who inhabit
them have recently undergone great political
changes, and many, very many of the people
have sustained heavy pecuniary losses ; and
we have read history to little purpose if we
have not learned from the lessons contained
ia its pages that such circumstances demand
all the watchfulness which the most fervent
patriotism can inspire, and all the wisdom of
the most experienced statesmanship, to deal
with them successfully. In ray judgment we
should give the subject our most serious con-
sideration, and without delay.
I know there are many fair minded, intelli-
gent friends of the Union who will promptly
render all the aid in their power to maintain,
uphold, and enforce law and order, who are
yet in doubt which of these conflicting reports
to believe. They cannot realize that such
crimes and outrages are committed in civilized
communities by bands of disguised men acting
in concert, and under circumstances which show
that a once great and powerful party has become
so desperate and has fallen so low in those States
as to use these bands of Kuklux to suppress free-
dom of speech and political action, and by
such means secure its restoration to power.
Yet it is true, every word of it; and it is also
true that by means of the Kuklux not only the
political action of the freedman is controlled,
but his labor also in a great degree. The
threat " If you don't stay and work this land
for me another year on the terms I offer you,
you will be Kukluxed like hell," has a fearful
significance to the helpless sons and daughters
of toil who are the unhappy victims of this new
method of enforcing " involuntary servitude."
They remember the " patrol" system of the old
slavery times before the war and the "vigil-
ance committees" which came into being with
and continued through the war, as among the
things that were. But it remained for free-
dom to bring them this last and most deadly
experience of all 1
Mr. Speaker, I repeat there are many good
men who doubt the truth of these things, who
think the "Kuklux Klan" a myth and the
crimes and outrages which they are charged
with committing as so many stories concocted
for political effect. Sir, I rejoice to know
that the Senate has commenced an investiga-
tion of these charges. I trust that it will be
searching and thorough, that the truth will
be brought to light, and that Congress and the
country may see, in its light, what should be
doue. It will require much time, patience, and
perseverance to perform the work; and it will
be necessary to devise some means of protec-
tion for witnesses who testify concerning deeds
of murder, or their lives will not be safe when
they return to their homes. Indeed, sir, the
performance of this public duty may occasion
serious if not fatal consequences to many who
dare speak boldly out; but the cause of truth
and justice demands that this duty should be
discharged faithfully and without regard to
personal considerations. I shall therefore
speak more particularly of such crimes and
outrages committed within the limits of the
State which I have the honor in part to repre-
sent on this floor as have come to my knowl-
edge and can be substantiated by overwhelming
evidence; secondly, of the general condition
of the State as shown by these and other facts ;
thirdly, of the operations of the Kuklux Klan
in the interest of the Democratic party during
the late canvass in that State; and fourthly,
of the proceedings at Montgomery in Decem-
ber last, by which Governor Smith, who was
reelected by a majority of the votes actually
cast at the election, was forced to abandon
the contest and give up the office itself to the
Democratic candidate to avoid bloodshed.
1. As to crimes and outrages committed
within the limits of the State of Alabama
which can be proved.
As I cannot speak with accuracy as to time
in each case, and the cases are so numerous,
I will confine myself to a few of those which
have been committed within the past year.
Alexander Boyd, esq., solicitor for the
county of Greene, a native of the State, I
think, was boarding in a hotel at Eutaw, the
county seat. His room was entered in the night
by a band of disguised men (Kuklux) some
thirty or more in number, who seized and
forced him into the passage leading to it, and
there, amid his prayers for mercy, assassinated
him by bullet after bullet shot into him until
the whole band had had a taste of blood. (I
speak from the testimony of the occupants of
adjoining rooms.) The band then went down-
stairs, mounted their horses, and rode off.
This took place in a populous town in the
spring of 1870, bat nothing was done to pre-
vent it, nor, so far as I have been able to learn,
have the people of that county made any effort
to discover and bring to trial the men who
perpetrated the deed. The only offense which
Boyd had given was the expression of a determ-
ination on his part to have certain white men
brought to trial for the murder of one or more
colored men in that county some time before
that.
When it became apparent that the people
of that county were either afraid or unwilling
to investigate the matter the Governor of the
State employed an able lawyer to visit that
locality and investigate the facts and call the
witnesses before the grand jury; but, although
sufficient evidence of the identity of some of
the assassins was laid before that body, as I
am informed, no bills were found, and they
are still at large in that community.
In this county of Greene, or its immediate
vicinity, Thomas Johnson, Levi Smiley, David
Jones, Samuel (or Thomas) Snoddy, and Guil-
ford Coleman, all colored men, have been put
to death by violence. The body of Coleman
was found in a well, after he had been missing
several days. But, as far as I can learn, the
people of that county, and those immediately
adjoining, do not desire the punishment of the
murderers; certainly no one of them has been.
In the county of Sumter, Burke, also a col-
ored man, a member of the Legislature from
that county, was put to death by a band of men
in the disguise of Kuklux Klan.
Prank Diggs, a colored man and route agent
on the Selma and Meridian railroad, whose
funeral I attended a few days before the elec-
tion, was shot about sundown, while he was
engaged in sorting the mail in the postal car
at a wood station near the Mississippi line.
Poor Diggs was very much liked by all who
knew him. The man who shot him said, as I
am informed, he had nothing against him in
particular; that he killed him because he held
an office which none of his race had a right
to hold. This man was armed with a double-
barreled shot-gun, and had on at the time the
full disguise of the Kuklux Klan.
In the county of Calhoun, about twelve
o'clock on Monday night, the 11th of July,
1870, a band of Kuklux, twenty-five or thirty
in number, appeared in the village of Cross
Plains, and took William C. Luke and four
colored men, who were in the custody of the
