1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
717
question as to whether the Senate will take up
this resolution or not. I shall be content; but
I hope there may be some definite action on
die subject this morning, so that there will be
no further discussion and no further consump-
tion of time about it.
Mr. BAYARD." Is the concurrent resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives on this
subject before the Senate?
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
011 the motion of the Senator from Oregon, to
lake uj> a Senate resolution.
Mr. BAYARD. I entirely agree with my
honorable friend from Oregon as to desiring
action on this general subject, and I believe
that a very favorable proposition for action is
contained in the bill of the House of Repre-
sentatives, which was reported by oar_Com-
miltee on Foreign Relations yesterday with an
amendment; and I submit to him whether he
would not further his views, in which I am
disposed to concur now, by asking for the
present consideration of the bill passed by
the House.
Mr. SUMNER. That will be much better:
that is practical.
Mr. POMEROY. That would be agree-
able, i have no doubt, to very many persons
who desire the passage of that general lav/;
but we cannot forget that there are parties all
over the country who have various proposi-
tions on this subject. I am upon two com-
mittees, the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads and the Committee 011 Public
Lands; we have had these questions before
both committees, and have not reported be-
cause the Committee on Foreign Relations
had also a proposition and they had reported.
Now, those who have these other measures
which have not been reported complain, and
justly complain, because their measures did
not get to the right committee or have not been
acted upon. 1 have refused to act because I
supposed there was to be a special committee.
Mr. BAYARD. I would ask the Senator
whether the measures he speaks of are not
special measures?
Mr. POMEROY. They are special.
Mr. BAYARD. This is a general bill
embracing the whole subject.
Mr. POMEROY. But this general bill does
not embrace the whole subject.
Mr. BAYARD. I beg the Senator's pardon
for differing feom him, having read the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I have read it. It em-
braces one subject, but not everything about
which parties who have these other measures
at heart are concerned. I do not know them
personally; but they have a right to complain
if their bills cannot go to a committee that is
authorized to report. Other committees are
embarrassed because the Committee on For-
eign Relations have reported ; other commit-
tees refuse to report; and yet they have bills
before them. Now I submit that, in all fair-
ness, there ought to be a committee that shall
have the whole subject in charge. I do not
care what kind of a report they make. They
may report against all the bills; but let them
examine all. Any man who comes to Congress
with a proposition fairly stated should be enti-
tled to a hearing before a committee, and
before a committee authorized to hear the
whole subject. Suppose the Committee oil
Post Offices and Post Roads had some of their
bills sent to the Committee on Commerce, some
to the Committee on Public Lands, and some
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, what
conflicting reports we should have! Here we
have conflicting measures, antagonistical to
each other, which would not be reported by
one committee if it had charge of the whole
subject. But if you let it go to two commit-
tees they will report two different and antag-
onistical propositions; and then we are called
upon to act. - ,
Mr. BAYAliD. I ask to have the bill
reported by the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions read for information.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Delaware that debate
on the merits of the proposition is not in order.
Mr. BAYARD. I merely ask to have the
bill read for information, in order that the
remarks of the Senator from Kansas may be
answered. I wish the Senate to be made aware
of the fact that there is proposed to it a general
measure covering the whole of this subject. I
do not mean in every detail, or that it meets
the approval of eyery individual; but I do
mean to say that here has been a well-eonsid-
ered measure affecting the whole subject of
international telegraphing, which passed the
House of Representatives, and which has met
the approval of the appropriate committee, the
Committee on Foreign Relations, of this body,
and the qu'estion is whether or not it shall be
taken up in order to dispose of the entire ques-
tion. 1 believe it does it quite as fully as the
resolution proposed by my friend from Oregon; ;
and I therefore ask that when the Senate is I
considering which of these two matters it will
take up and discuss, it shall merely have that
bill read for information, that it may decide
which of the two accomplishes the object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Delaware that his
remarks evidently show that this goes to the
merits of the resolution after it shall be taken
up. After it shall have been taken up it will
be in order to have the bill read.
Mr. POMEROY. I reply in one word: if
that bill disposes of the whole question, why
did the same committee make two reports ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not wish to consume
the morning hour in a discussion of the motion
to take up this resolution. I have stated that
I am perfectly willing that this general bill
shall remain on the Calendar, and not be re-
ferred to this select committee; but there are
propositions before this body to build certain
telegraphs for a subsidy of $500,000. There
are propositions to build the same telegraphs
for half that money. There are other propo-
sitions to build the telegraphs without any
subsidy at all; and the object of this special
committee is to consider these various propo-
sitions, to compare them with each other, and
to report that proposition which seems most
conducive to the public interest. That is the
whole of it; and so far as this general bill is
concerned, it simply relates to the relations
between this country and other countries as
they concern telegraphing. It does not at all
interfere with this matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
this is debate on the merits of the resolution
which has not yet been taken up. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ore-
gon, to proceed to the consideration of the
resolution submitted by him.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will amend the resolu-
tion by excepting House bill No. 2591, reported
by the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HARLAN. I would suggest a general
amendment so as to make the resolution pro-
vide that to this special committee " may be
referred any bills or papers relating to this
subject." There is one bill that has been
reported and is now on the Calendar and ready
for the action of the Senate. It is thought
to be a very important bill. To recommit it
without any substantial reason to any commit-
tee would be unfavorable to its passage at this
session; and I do not think it has been usual
in this body to bind the body so as to render
it incapable of disposing of a bill except in a
certain way. The Senate may desire to rerer
some bill on the subject to some other com-
mittee; it may wish to refer some such bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary for certain
reasons; and there may be paramount reasons,
in the opinion of the Senate, for referring some
bill that may be introduced to the Committee
on Foreign Relations. If this resolution were
put in the usual form of a special or standing
committee, to whom may be referred any bill
on a given subject, I think it would answer the
purpose of the honorable Senator from Oregon
i and would not preclude the Senate from mak-
! ing a different disposition hereafter.
S The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
I Oregon has modified his resolution by except-
; ing one bill, and the Senator from Iowa now
moves to amend the resolution by striking out
the mandatory feature and inserting "to which
committee bills may be referred." Does the
Senator from Oregon accept the amendment?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It appears to me that .
that will not obviate the difficulty at all. The
object of raising this special committee is to
have all these different propositions neces-
sarily considered together. I think that the
amendment practically defeats the object^ of
the resolution, makes it necessary every time
a bill is proposed or a paper submitted to take
a vote on the question of whether it shall be
referred or shall not be to that committee.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will pardon
me, do we not do this in effect every morning?
When any memorial or bill is introduced the
question arises ''What shall be done with it?"
The Chair usually indicates that it shall go
to this or that committee, the committee that
usually has charge of that subject, so that the
Senate now does act in the precise mode indi-
cated by the honorable Senator. It decides
where every bill shall go for investigation or
examination, or whether it shall go to any
committee at all; and I see no special rea-
son for making this an exception to the usual
policy of the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I understand that this is sim-
ply a resolution of the Senate; and if for
special reasons a case should arise hereafter,
I or a measure should be pending, which it
should be desirable to give a different direc-
tion to, it will be within the power of the Sen-
ate to do so ; that this resolution will have no
other effect than that, of guiding the reference
of bills and petitions which may come in here
where there is no other special direction given
to them. It seems to me that if we adopt the
suggestion now offered by the Senator^ from
Iowa it will defeat the whole object of this res-
olution, which is to harmonize, if it be pos-
sible to do so, the different and conflicting
propositions which are before the Senate. I
am told there are some twenty-odd bills pend-
ing here ; that they are pending before, or have
| been reported from, some six different com-
| mittees. It seems to me hopeless to expect
I action upon any of those, so far as they are
i antagonistic to each other, while we have so
j many different committees advocating their
own special measures. Unlessyou can getall
these measures before some one committee I
do not see how you are ever to get anything
like an authoritative recommendation upon
which the Senate can act. It seems to me,
therefore, that this proposition ia wise, to sub-
mit all these measures to a single committee,
and a committee raised for the special purpose
of considering this subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let the amendment be
i! reported.
;; The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be read.
'< The Chief Clerk. The resolution, if amend-
j; ed as proposed, will read:
I] That a special commitfceo of the Senate, to consist
of seven members, be appointeu by the Chair, to
t which may bo referred any petitions Papers, ana
! bills relating to telegraphs, except bill of the House
;i of Representatives No. 2591, with power to report
|i by bill or otherwise.
'! Mr. POMEROY. The rules require that
i| every bill shall be referred to the appropriate
I' committee. . .,
i| Mr. CASSERLY. The motion is to strike
i' out the mandatory part and insert that these
II papers may be referred. Is that it ?
