1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Condition of the South—Mr. Buck.
Ho. of Reps.
sheriff and his deputy and a guard of eight or
ten men, procured some forty feet of rope
from a store keeper, cut it into suitable lengths,
and after putting the halters round the necks
of their victims in the presence of a consid-
erable number of the citizens, who witnessed
the proceedings in silence and without any
opposition, led them away and put them to
death about three quarters of a mile from the
center of the tcwn. Mr. Luke and Tony Cliff
were hung on the same tree, Berry Harris was
hung on another, Cassar Frederick and Wil-
liam Hall were shot in the head and breast
and left lying uuder another tree. The .same
night, but two or three hours earlier, Essex
Hendriuks, another colored man, was hung on
a tree near Ambersonville, about four miles
from Cross Plains, and when his body was
found the next morning it was pierced by
bullets in many *plaees. This also was the
work of the Kuklux Klan !
William C. Luke was an educated man from
the North, who spoke several languages, and
who was an enthusiast on the subject of educat-
ing and elevating the colored race. While on
the way to the place of execution he requested
permission to write a few lines to his wife and
children. The Klan decided to let him do it,
and they stopped on the way at one house and
procured pen, ink, and paper, and a lamp at
another, and under such circumstances the
following letter was written and left on the
fence a few feet from where his dead body was
hanging the next morning. I give it as it was
published iu the Jacksonville Republican, a
Democratic paper published in the county
where this horrible tragedy was enacted. I
have no reason to doubt its correctness. The
editor says:
The following purports to be a copy of the letter
which was found on a fencc near the place by the
appalled citizens who ventured up after the disap-
pearance of the masked men:
Patona, July 11,1870.
My Dear Wipe: I die to-night. It has been so
determined by those who think I deserve It. God
knows I feel myself entirely innocent of the charge.
I have only sought to educate the negro. I little
thought when leaving you that wo should then part
forever, so far distant from each other; but God's
will be done. He will be to you a husband better
than I have been, and a father to our six little ones.
There is a balance of a little over two hundred dol-
lars in the company's hands of my money; also my
trunk and clothes are here. You may send for these
matters, or let Henry come after them. God of
mercy bless and keep you, my ever dear, dear wife
and children.
Your WILLIAM.
Mr. Speaker, I have read of cool courage,
and I have seen men with arms in their hands
on the field of battle display it in a heroic
manner; but, sir, the sentiments expressed ih
this letter show that the spirit of William C.
Luke was undaunted, unarmed though he was,
with the halter round his neck, and surrounded
by those who were determined to take his life.
In that grand and solemn raomeut he appealed
to God, in whose immediate presence his soul
was about to appear, to witness that he con-
sidered himself " innocentof the charge," and
he declared "he had only sought to educate
the negro." It was this conscious rectitude
of purpose and action which inspired the senti-
ments expressed in this last communication to
the wife and children, in their distant home,
whose faces he was never again to behold on
earth. Sir, the spirit manifested in that letter
will compare favorably with the last words
of those martyrs in ages past who have laid
down their lives under similar circumstances in
behalf of their fellow-men.
Mr. Speaker, your attention is invited to
another tragedy. Mrs. Fanny Randall, a lady
about fifty-eight or sixty years of age, was em-
ployed and came from the North to teach a
school for colored children about three and
a half miles from the village of Fredonia, in
Chambers county. She could not obtain board
in any white family, and upon consultation
with Mr. Dyer, the county superintendent of
education, she rented oue end of a double log
house, the other end being occupied by a very
respectable old colored man and his family.
He was about seventy or seventy-five years
old, and a preacher. His name was America
Trammell. Mrs. Randall furnished her room,
and her meals were cooked and served to her
in her own room by the colored family in the
other end of the house, and one of the little
colored girls slept on a pallet in the room
with her. About ten or twelve days before the
election, on the 8th of November, 1870, eight
white men came to the house about eleven
o'clock at night; five of them remained at the
gate and held the horses, and the other three,
whose names Mrs. Randall knows, went into
old man Trammell's room and killed him.
Eight bullet-holes were found in his body when
it was examined, and his arm had been broken
with the iron poker. They also wounded a
son of the old man, who undertook to help
his father, and it was supposed he would die
from the effect of his wounds, but I have not
learned the result. Mrs. Randall managed to
get out of her room and made her escape to
the woods, and remained there concealed until
the next morning. The white men hunted the
woods for her some two hours or more, passing
near her several times. Her fate, if they had
found her, can readily be imagined. The next
day she made her way to Lafayette, the county
seat, where the circuit court was in session at
the time, and made complaint, but no indict-
ment was found, nor has any action been
taken to bring the guilty parties to trial, not-
withstanding they are well known and live in
the county.
On the night of the 31st of December, 1870,
Ned Larkin, a colored man, living at Larkins-
ville, in Jackson county, was dragged out of
his bed by men in disguise, taken from his
house, and killed ; and Frank Larkin, also
colored, living near the same place, was taken
from his bed and out of his house the same
night, and shot and cruelly beaten by dis-
guised men.
" W. D. Allison, of Limestone county, who killed
a negro at Harris Station, on the 16th of January
last, has died of the wounds he recoived at the same
time."
This double obituary notice I find in the
Huntsville Advocate of the 24th of January,
1871. I think there is no reason to doubt the
truth of the statement.
On the 19th day of January, 1871, the pres-
ent Democratic and Conservative Governor
of Alabama addressed the solicitor of Coosa
county officially, saying he had been advised
that violence and outrage had been committed
by disguised bands in thatcounty, and, although
his information was not official, he had reason
"to believe that it is true;" and he calls on
the solicitor uto use every effort and every
means in his power to bring violators of the
law to justice."
The zeal and determination manifested by
his Excellency touching the punishment of
crime in the county of Coosa are commenda-
ble. It is to be regretted that he had not heard
of the state of things in other counties in the
State. In this connection, sir, I quote the fol-
lowing, from the Daily State Journal (Repub-
lican) of February 4, as to these recent Coosa
outrages:
" The Coosaoutrages— An investigation of the recent
outrages committed in Coosa county was held before
United States Commissioner Blake on yesterday.
The evidence shows that on the night of Saturday,
the 31st of December, an organized band of disguised
mencameinto NixburgBe&t, in Coosa county, and
visited the cabins of several colored men, demand-
ing them to tell how they voted in tho last election.
Whenever they answered that they had voted the
Republican ticket they were taken and severely
whipped, and told that every Republican had to
leave this county. The same band burned down
the colored church in that neighborhood on the snme
night. Five names of white men living in Coosa and
Tallapoosa county were given as being in the crowd,
and it is probable that the Government officials will
soon ferret them out."
I also read the following from the Daily State
Journal of the 9th of this month, and we hear
of nothing doing to arrest and bring the crim-
inals to justice on the part of the State gov-
ernment or local authorities :
"Further developments.—The sheriff of Hale county
has forwarded to the Governor statements and cer-
tificates from Democratic citizens of that county
regarding the late outrages at Greensboro. Theso
certificates show the following state of facts:
"On the night of the 2-ittt of January, a body of
disguised men, numbering sixty or seventy, entered
the town of Greensboro. They captufed a colored
man in the employ of Dr. Blackford, the judge of
probate, and compelled him to conduct them to the
residence of Mrs. Nutting, the mother-in-law of the
judge, where he had apartments. They broke open
the house, and compelled Mr. Tucker, Judge Blaek-
foid's brother-in-law, to show them the apartments
occupied by the judge. Fortunately the judge was
sleeping that night in a room connected with his
office, and they failed to find him. After breaking
open wardrobes, &c., in the presence of frightened
ladies, who were en deshubille, they left the house
and proceeded to the judge's office. In the mean-
time, the colored man, having made his escape from
the band while they were plundering Mrs. Nutting's
house, fled to Dr. Blackford's room and warned Judge
Blackford. The judge immediately fled to the woods,
and thus escaped. The band, however, broke open
hisoffice and destroyed his clothing and other effects.
They then went on the streets, and were heard to
Siiy: 4 We have failed to find Blackford ; let us take .
McCrary out of jail, lor a negro helped to arrest
him.' After releasing McCrary they passed by the
house ot Mrs. Nutting and fired several shots into
the bedroom ot Judge Blackford's little daughter,
one ot the shots taking effect in the headboard of
the bed. After swearing vengeance against every
Republican in the county they left the town.
" We give this as a plain statement of the facts in
this matter. Judge Blaekford has been a resident
and prominentphysician ofGreensborough fot fifteen
years. Before his connection with the Republican
party he stood high as a citizen, aud even now tho
Democrats of thatcounty are compelled to accord to
him honesty and ability in the discharge of the duties
of his office. His only fault, in the eyes of theso
desperadoes, is his Republicanism.
" In connection with this affair we publish the fol-
lowing letter, which was addressed to the editor of
the Selma Argus and published in that paper :
To the Editor of the A^rgue:
Sik: I see from an aiticlc in your last issue (Jan-
uary 27) that you accuse a body of disguised men of
going to Greensborough, on Tuesday last, and releas-
ing a man from the jail in that place who had been
confined for horse-stealing. We inform you, sir,
that your author has told a malicious falsehood. Tbe
man who was released on that evening was not con-
fiued for horse-stealing, but for killing a negro and
the taking of a Yankee's horse, (openly,) that it
might enable him to make his escape from a court
(like Blackford's) of injustice. And we say to you,
sir, th.it tho party did not visit Greensborough on
that evening for the purpose of releasing this man
McCrary, but for the purpose of catching and giv-
ing Mr. Blackford what he lawfully desorvetf, and
will get before the 1st day of March. We do not
communicate to you for the purpose of clearing our-
selves of but one thing, and that is the release of a
horse-thief. Sir, it is not our object to release
thieves; but, on the other hand, it is our sworn duty
to bring them all to justice ; and we in this section
of the country intend and will see that all thieves
shall be punished to the extent of the law; and in
cases where the law cannot reach thein the party
that released the man in Greensborough will give
them all they deserve, and perhaps a little more.
Yours, truly. &c., K. W. C.
P. S. The writer is a subscriber to your paper, and
would be pleased to see this and an additional articlo
in your next issue. K-
Alabama. January 31, 1871.
" In reply to this communication the editor of the
Argus uses the following language:
"'Oar version of the affair at Greensborough was
based upon the statement of the Greensborough
Beacon aud the reports telegraphed to the press.
The author of the above letter corrects our errors.
McCrary was only guilty of "killing" a negro and
** taking "a horse. The object of the disguised men
was not to release a horse-thief, but to lynch a pro-
bate judge. This is the version of one who claims
to have been of the party of disguised men whoso
conduct on the occasion in question was an example
of lawlessness and has already brought evii upon
the innocent victims of the incendiary fires pro-
voked by it. „ , . , ,
Unquestionably Judge Blackford is a bad man.
He has been guilty of great crimes, iie prohubly
meditate*. greater offenses. And we do not pretend
to say that a condition of affairs may not be brought
about in which society must protect itself against
criminals too adroit to be caught in the meshes ot
the law or too powerful to be subjected to the pen-
alties of the law. But society can re&ort to lum-
inary proceedings for protection only in extreme
cases; and the extremity to justify such a resorjt
