1544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
may be voted. Had the application for this
object been fully considered by the. committee,
and rejected after due deliberation, I should
have less courage to press the matter to a vote
in the House, but as unfortunate delays in the
transmission and publication of the engineer's
report prevented such deliberation by the com-
mittee, I hope to have attention for a few
minutes while I briefly recount, in cotpprejSi&d
form, the grounds upon which this, claitnon
behalf of Peconic river rests.
If members will turn to. ExecutiveDocnment
No. 60, part two, on pages' 35-39, they will find
the report of General G. K. Warren, major of
engineers, and the papers accompanying it, in
respect to Peconic river. They will see that the
whole work recommended'by General Warren
will cost but $32,818 50, and that this expend-
iture will secure a channel up Peconic river
from its entrance into Peconic bay as far as is
requisite to enable vessels to discharge and
receive cargoes at the docks at Riverhead—a
channel seventy-five feet wide and six feet
deep at mean low water. At present vessels
drawing four feet of water are compelled at, all
stages of the tide to unlade at the mouth of the
river into scows, thus adding at least one third
to the present cost of freight on all bulky arti-
cles now shipped to or from Riverhead and to
whose cheap transportation water carriage is
essential. Peconic river is the only river qn
Long Island at all susceptible of such improve-
ment as will make any portion of it navigable
by sea-going vessels? That part of it which
it is proposed to improve is less than three
miles in length, and connects the bay of the
same name with Riverhead village, which is
the county seat and pretty nearly the geo-
graphical center of Suffolk county. Its situ-
ation is such that while the island is about
one hundred and five mil^fl loog on its north-
ern, and one hundred ^nd qjijes
no its southern fork, Riverhead is but'seventy,-
four miles east from New York; an,d % rail-
road connections, actual and projected) it will
be easily accessible to over one third of the
whole area of Long Island. Included in
this area are some of the best farming lands
on the island, as well as large tracts of pine
forest. With low freights and direct shipments
to and from Riverhead as a center, farm and
forest products could and would be sent in
largely increased quantities to New York, New
London, Providence, Boston, or other ports ;
while, on the other hand, a market v?ou!d be
created or greatly extended for limber from
Maine and Michigan, coal from Pennsylvania,
merchandise and manufactures from l^ew Eng-
land, manures and fertilizers froiji tjjg ci ties,
&c. In this sense it is certain that a large
part of Long Island, and many thousands.of
its inhabitants, beyond the village or even the
town of Riverhead, will be directly benefited
by the proposed improvement of Peconic river!
Such improvement, therefore, is npt altogether
local and special; it affects in greatef or less
degree the whole county, aod will redound to
the general advantage of the whole surround-
ing section.
The trade and commerce of Peconic bsiy, to
which the river is tributary, now, comprises
some ten thousand tons of shipping, and in-
cludes a very extensive fishing interest which
gives employment to hundreds of nj?n ond
hundreds of thousands of capital. This inter-
est will receive a salutary stimulus from the
improvement of the ri^r, which will then afford
a permanent, safe, arid speedy access to the
natural center of all tbe adjacent country,
where already capital to tbes e$tejitQf over six
hundred thousand dollars is invqst§4 in man-
ufacturing or mercantile pursuits, and a fleet
of fifty-three vessels, drawing from four to eight
feet of water, is kept constantly engaged, in
spite of existing disadvantages, in the local
commerce which ao energetic population cre-
ates and sustains. This town of Riverhead. on
a fair estimate, is believed to have sept to New
York market in a single year §y$* hundred
thousand bushels of potatoes, which is but one
illustration of tjie agricultural importance of
this locality and of the necessity for improving
the only available outlet by sea of an industry
t.9 who?e steadily expanding magnitude no
definite limits can be set. Nature has ob-
structed this outlet for a little over two miles
with deposits (mostly soft mud) which, once
removed, will not return so fast as to be
unmanageable. When removed they open the
way to a thriving village, the seat and'center
of a population of fifty thousand people, pos-
sessing 421.445 acres of land, of which not
one third has yet been cultivated even par-
tially, and of which, eyery acre is capable of
contributing something to the varied wants of
the great city with which it is now connected
by two railroads. ,
It ought also to. be remarked that for a dis-
tance of some thirty miles in both directions
from Riverhead, the north coast of Long Island
is destitute of good harbors which might in
any considerable degree meet the present or
prospective demands of that side of the island ;
(his entire section, comprehending as it does
some of the best portions of our lands for agri-
cultural and horticultural purposes, being now
dependent on one distant line of railway and
on a few tide harbors for its supplies of ferti-
lizers, (so indispensable to our light soils,) of
coal, lumber, merchandise, &c., and for trans-
portation to market of its products.
There prevails in Congress, as well as out-
side this Hall, an erroneous idea that the
whole eastern coast has been liberally provided
for by appropriations from the Federal Treas-
ury for the improvement of its rivers and har-
bors. Whatever truth this notion may have
in its application to the Bast as a section, it has
none whatever when applied to Long Island.
As I have previously suggested, Peeonic river
is the.only river on the island that can fairly
be called by that name. And furthermore,
of all the numerous harbors'on the coast of
Long Island, not one has ever cost the Federal
Government one penny, except for such light-
houses on the exterior shore line, and such
buoys, beacons, spindles, and other guides to
navigatien as were required in the interest
of general commerce passing by or over our
waters, and of these, especially light-houses,
many more ought to be provided.
Qver thirty years ago Daniel Webster, while
on his homeward journey from Washington
upon one of those floating palaces which then
traversed Long Island sound, and were the
admiration of the traveling public, but have
been eclipsed by their successors in size as
well as splendor, observing the multitude of
vessels that crossed his track in all directions
and noting the long intervals of darknesg which
lay on either shore unillumined by a ray of
light from the exposed points that should have
been crowned with monuments to the benefi-
cence of the Government; Daniel Webster,
seeing these things thirty years ago, remarked
that "Long Island sound ought to be lit up
from end to end as brilliantly as a ball-room."
This graphic testimony of the great statesman
has only grown in force with the lapse of time,
even as the commerce of the sound has grown
in volume year by year, and only waits the
complete removal of the Hell Gate obstruc-
tions to receive an impetus that shall expand
it into dimensions not now measurable by any
exercise of human foresight; and although
additional light-houses have been built since
Webster condemned their absence, there is yet
need of more, both 011 the coast of Connecti-
cut and that of Long Island.
But aside from these general auxiliaries to
navigation, which it) no proper sense can be
termed localimprovements., ther.e has, I repeat,
never b-een expended upon any of the harbors
of Long Island a farthing of Federal money
from the time the policy of making such expend-
itures for such purposes was first adopted until
now. In the pending bill thg^ is an appropria-
tion for one harfepr and grgwgjqnfpr the. pre-
liminary survey of another; and I desire to put
on record my belief that other harbors on tha
Long Island coast will, ere many years, prefer
claims for reasonable allowances to improve
their facilities of approach, of entrance, of an-
chorage, or of use; claims resting 011 grounds
of general as well as local concern, and grow-
ing daily stronger as the vast commerce that
pours past them, bearing on its bospm hun-
dreds of millions in valuesj grows daily more
enormous.
Yet while such' has been the record of the
district I have the honor to represent, it is one
of the oldest and longest inhabited districts in
the country. At this very time, in the village
of Easthampton, not twenty-five miles from
Riverhead, a disused church edifice is being
torn down, the posts of which were put in the
original building two hundred and twenty years
ago; and the town of Southold, out of which
Riverhead town was formed, has the distinc-
tion of being the oldest town in the State of
New York settled by Englishmen, dating back
as far as to the year 1640. Ever since the
State of New York was first represented in
the Federal Congress this section has been
part of the first congressional district, and
during all that time its inhabitants have unhes-
itatingly and ungrudgingly paid their full share
of Federal taxes. They have a valid claim to
some slight return, now that this bounty of the
Government, however questionable the power
or the policy of its inception, has been sys-
tematized and developed into a perennial bene-
faction, of which the theory if not the fact has
always been proclaimed to be as comprehen-
sive and universal as is tbe source from which
it draws its life. If all sections should be taxed
to carry out works of local improvement, in
order that a geueral good may result, then a sec-
tion which from the first has been paying taxes
for such purposes may legitimately insist with
some pertinacity that its lair and reasonable
claims shall receive due recognition-
Here, on a coast line of hundreds of miles in
extent, lying between two great highways of
commerce, and constituting the shelter as well
as the magazine of supplies for two great mari-
time cities, Long Island presents peculiarly
strong if not irresistible occasion for the inter-
position of the General Government in aid of
general commerce. At the neighboring port
of New York, to reach which so many thou-
sands of vessels annually pass by Long Island,
you collect two thirds of your total customs
revenue. It is manifest that the approaches to
such a vast entrepot of trade and traffic ought
to be protected with all the appliances which
science and skill can supply, and that at con-
venient intervals secure and accessible retreats
from storms and head-winds ought to be pro-
vided. Where nature has opened the way art
and labor should be employed to widen, to
deepen, to strengthen, or to maintain the facil-
ities which she has prepared. Where nature has
been unkindly, aud commerce misses her sup-
port, there breakwaters and basins to form
artificial harbors should be built. The measure
of expenditure, with proper safeguards against
frauds and extravagance, should be propor-
tional only to the magnitude of the object for
whose benefit it is made.
The establishment of harbors of refuge and
resort for the countless crafts sailiug under
our own and foreigu flags which will form an
almost continuous cordon of canvas around
" old Long Island's sea girt shore" is a neces-
sity whose growing urgency will force itself
upon the attention of Congress and compel
such action as may meet the exigencies of the
future. I confidently expect to see, if not this
year or the next, yet certainly in the near
future, various harbors on the north shore of
Long Island receiving such Government care
as will make them available, to the fullest ex-
tent of their capacity, for not only local traffic
but for general commerce, for outgoing or in-
coming vessels for or from foreign ports, as
well as for the coasters that even now throng
