110
APPENDIX- TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
Ho. of Reps.
Condition of the South—Mr, Buck.
41st Cons.,..3d Sess.
does not now exist in any part of Alabama. There-
fore the intervention of mobs, either to punish or to
prevent punishment, is now and herea crime against
the laws and an outrage upon society. t
" 'The political power of the State is to a great
extent in the hands of the Democratic party, com-
posed mainly of southern white men, "ex-rebels,'
whose Governor is charged with the enforcement of
tho laws, and through this means with the protec-
tion of person and property. If the laws of Alabama
are now violated with impunity by individual
offenders, or set at defiance by armed organizations,
the world will hold the Democracy of Alabama
responsible, and the voice of northern statesmen,
raised in protest against further oppressions upon
this people, will be lost in the condemnation of those
who would befriend us. It is not Judge Blackford
alone whom these men would punish, but the whole
people of the State would suffer for his unlawful
taking off.'"
A member of the " Klan " writes a letter to
the Argus, a Democratic paper, excusing the
crime of releasing a man from jail who had
stolen a horse because he had killed a negro.
Behold the half-apologetic and half-condem-
tiatory comments of that paper; killing a negro
palliates the crime of theft and release of a
thief, and the paper does not dare to call it
murder. Mr. Speaker, language is inadequate
to comment.
A recent number of the Daily Chronicle, pub-
lished in this city, speaks of affairs in Alabama
as follows:
"The fieltna (Alabama) Argus, one of the better
class of Democratic papers, a few daysago contained
an editorial admitting and denouncing the preva-
lence of outrages in that State, and calling upon the
Democratic State government to redeem the pledge
upon which it says it came into power, by suppress-
ing these erinics. Now it is furious in its denun-
ciations of Senator War.vkr for calling attention to
these matters and asking an inquiry."
1 shall have occasion to consider the conflict
between the professions and the practices of
the Democratic and Conservative party of my
State in another connection before I take my
seat. Therefore, I will only observe now that
it forcibly reminds one of the advice which old
Mother Lobkins gave her adopted son Paul:
" Whateveryou does, Paul, talkhonest; 'cause
why? People always minds more as what you
says than as what you does." These papers,
as a general thing, talk in favor of law and
order; but their conduct, " what they does,"
'what they covertly countenance others in
doing, is one of the great evils of which the
Union and Republican party have occasion to
complain.
2. Of the general condition of the State, as
shown by the facts already presented and others
now to be brought forward.
Mr, Speaker, I know that most of the mur-
ders and outrages which I have brought to the
notice of this House can be proved, and I
believe that all of them can. They were com-
mitted in a few of the sixty-odd counties of
the State, and I rejoice to say that I have no
reliable information of such terrible tragedies
it) the greater portions of the State; but in
most, if not in all of them, men have been put
to death, they have been wounded by the pistol
and the knife, they have been beaten with
whips and with bludgeons until in their wretch-
edness and woe they were ready to exclaim in
the morning "would God it were evening,"
and when the shades of night began to gather
round them and they took their way to the
swanaps for safety, "would God it were morn-
ing." You perhaps feel inclined to doubt the
reality of these statements; but, sir, it is only
too true. Hundreds and hundreds of colored
men, and many white men also, have been
compelled to leave their dwellings, their wives
and little ones, and sleep night, after night for
weeks and months in the woods to avoid those
who sought their lives. Many of them did not
dare to sleep, even in the woods, twice in the
same place, so watchful were their enemies
and pursuers during the past summer and fall.
Mr. Speaker, it is hardly necessary to add
that in counties where such deeds are done
there is not the least chance to bring the per-
petrators to trial and conviction.
In the county of Greene, I repeat, sir, ho one
has been tried and punished for the murder of
Alexander Boyd, and the five or six colored
men who were put to death in that immediate
vicinity, if not in that county.
In the county of Calhoun no one has been
tried and punished for the murder of William
C. Luke, the educated Christian gentleman; of
Tony Cliff, Berry Harris, Caesar Fredrick, and
William Hall, near the village of Cross Plains;
nor for the murder of Essex Hendricks, by the
same gang of Kuklux, on the same night, but
an hour or two earlier, and about four miles
from where the others suffered.
Sir, that dreadful tragedy was enacted on
Monday night, the 11th of July, 1870, as I have
already stated. Governor Smith naturally sup-
posed the people of the county and the officers
of the law would take vigorous measures to
ascertain the murderers and bring them to
trial. He.waited until the 8th of August fol-
lowing, and then repaired to that county in
person to aid in setting on foot an investiga-
tion. He called on Hon. Thomas M. Peters,
one of the judges of the supreme court of the
State, whose authority as a conservator of the
peace extends throughout the State, to go to
the village of Patona, in that county, on the
line of (he Selma, Rome, and Dalton railroad,
and a short distance from Cross Plains, and
open a court. The Governor also employed
assistant counsel to aid the county solicitor in
the premises. That court sat six hours every
day (Sundays excepted) fbr sixty-three or
sixty-four days, as I am reliably informed.
Many witnesses were examined and their testi-
mony reduced to writing. Some ten or fifteen
men were arrested, and several of them were
held to answer indictments for the murder of
Mr. Luke and the others, upon positive proof,
of their personal identity and participation in
the murders. This evidence in writing was
sent to the clerk of the circuit court of that
county, as the law requires, to be laid before
the grand jury, and the witnesses were indi-
vidually recognized to appear before that body
and give evidence, yet not a bill was found
against any one of those who were charged
with the murder of those six men; all were
turned loose. But Jacob Moore, a colored
man, who was wounded as it was thought mor-
tally, while he was endeavoring to escape from
those who were charged with the murder of the
others, was indicted by that grand jury for
assault with intent to commit murder! The
judge and the witnesses for the State required
the presence and protection of a full company
of United States soldiers and a cavalry detach-
ment of ten or fifteen men to aid in making
arrests, summoning witnesses, &e., and I learn
that but for this military force the court could
not have remained in session two days after the
arrests were made; indeed, the arrests could
not have been made and the prisoners held in
custody without the aid of the soldiers. Gov-
ernor Smith remained there some two weeks
or more at the beginning, and it was generally
known that he had come there to aid in every
way in his power to enforce the law; yet not
a single white citizen of the village of Cross
Plains gave him the least information con-
cerning the tragedy, though several of them,
when put on the stand and made to testify,
stated very many important facts connected
with it.
I learn, sir, from the evidence taken on that
investigation before J udge Peters, that one of
the witnesses testified he belonged to the Ku-
klux Klan; that he knew it had an organ-
ization in that State of eight or ten thousand
members, and in the State of Georgia of ten or
twelve thousand ; that each member was bound
by his oath to keep ail the secrets of the Klan,
to obey all orders given him by an officer, to
aid by every means in his power any member
who was in custody ; that his obligation to the
Klan was paramount to any which the law of
the State could require of him ; that he must
therefore swear to anything in court as a wit-
ness that was necessary to acquit a member
on trial charged with any offense ; as a grand
juror he must refuse to find a bill against a
member, and as a petit juror he must never
find a verdict of guilty against one of them ;
he must assist in releasing a member from
jail; the Klan must convey any member that
was killed as near to his own door as possible,
and lay his body down and unite in saying he
was killed by the Kuklux Klan; if a member
was wounded he must say, and swear if neces-
sary, the Kuklux Klan did it while he was
about his own premises. This witness also
testified that the objects of the Klan were to
control the negro and put the Republican
party out of power or put it down. The duty
of obeying orders given by She officers of the
Klan extended to taking life and committing
perjury.
The importance of this testimony was not
fully understood until the concluding scenes
of the canvass at Montgomery brought out the
Klan in full force and action. Then the value
of the organization in securing the fruit of all
the fraud and violence which had been prac-
ticed during the canvass was made apparent
to all.
3. Of the operations of Kuklux Klan in the
interest of the Democratic party during the
late campaign in that State.
Sir, one of the objects of the Klan "is to
control the colored vote and put down the
Republican party." This was proved on the
trial before Judge Peters, as I have already
shown ; and the testimony on that trial in that
behalf is sustained by several witnesses exam-
ined about the same time, before the judges
of the supreme court of North Carolina, on
the trial of men charged with committing out-
rages iu that State similar to the Cross Plains
tragedy. Those witnesses testified that one
of the objects of the Klan was "to overthrow
the Republican party in that State."
I know it is natural that members of that
party in Congress and out of it should doubt
this, in fact refuse to believe the evidence alto-
gether. I know that many of their speakers
and writers contend there is no concert of
action to overthrow the Republican party in the
States lately in rebellion by any such means,
and that if crimes are more frequent in those
Slates than in others it is but the natural result
of the great struggle through which they have
passed and the losses which the people have
sustained in consequence of it. 1 know it is
natural that Democrats of the North should be
unwilling to believe their southern brethren
guilty in the premises, and that they should
desire to regard the crimes which are commit-
ted as sporadic, such as annoy society more
or less in all civilized countries.
Now, sir, in this connection I will take occa-
sion to remark to the Democracy of the North
that however honest their convictions may
have been hitherto, and however sincere their
denials, the time has come when that portion
of the party who do not intend to counte-
nance crime and outrage, no matter by whom
committed, must take their position and speak
out boldly and emphatically in condemnation.
They cannot longer'shut their eyes and close
their ears to the mighty volume of evidence
which is rolling up irom the people of those
States, unless they are willing to be classed as
the friends and apologists of those who com-
mit them. Indeed, I am compelled to say that
the denials and apologies made by northern
Democrats for their southern party friends
have encouraged the commission of these dia-
bolical deeds. Doubtless they were not so
intended ; yet such has been the effect.
But let us return to the operations of the
Klan during the late canvass in my State, in
