1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
41st Gong....3d Sess.
Condition of the South—Mr. Buck.
Ho. of Reps.
the interest of the Democratic party. My first
remark is, the Klan seemed to avoid any and
all conflicts with the officers and soldiers of
the United States Army. The reason is ob-
vious. Anything of that kind would expose
them at once, and would bring down the power
of the Federal Government on them and de-
stroy all claim to being law-abiding citizens.
I have no doubt that it has been their gen-
eral purpose also not to make actual, open
resistance to the State authorities, and for
the same reason. They confined themselves
to murdering and outraging colored men, and
the more obnoxious white men, in a way
which would not furnish any legal ground for
calling out the military power of the State to
suppress them, and it was only occasionally
they murdered an officer here and there. Their
plan has been to harass and intimidate sheriffs
and solicitors, so that they were either forced
to vacate their offices or remain passive, because
powerless to make head against their secret
organization and influence.
It may be asked, what evidence is there that
these outrages are anything more than the
result of local and temporary excitement ? It
is true, sir, that the greater portion of the
Republican party of Alabama thought until
the developments of the last eightor ten months
that they were of this character, and they hoped
that a moderate and conciliatory course would
correct them. Their eyes were never fully
opened to the real condition of things until
the investigations at Patona were closed. This
was but a few days before the election took
place, and too late to take any effective meas-
ures to counteract their operations. But the
evidence developed on that trial enabled us to
form a more correct judgment as to the real
character and significance of what had ap-
peared until these isolated acts of violence
and crime, but which were thus shown to be
the work of thoroughly organized bands of
desperate men, acting under the orders of
others who possessed the intelligence and
power to direct their action. It is now very
clear that their most important operations
were in the third, fourth, and fifth districts,
and that they intended to carry the State by a
small majority by reducing the large Repub-
lican majorities in those districts, and thus give
an appearance of fairness to the election, and,
if possible, to show that the change in public
sentiment was not brought about by improper
influences. How well they did their work in
those districts, and generally throughout the
State, may be seen in the final result.
In Greene and Sumter the Republican party
had given notice that Go^jernor Smith and
Senator Warner would address the people at
the court-house in each of those counties.
Senator Warner has recently given a de-
scription of the scene at Eutaw, in Greene
county, when he and ex-Governor Parsons
spoke at that place. I wish to add a few im-
portant facts to what he has so well and truly
said on that subject.
On the day previous to the riot at Eutaw
Governor Smith, Senator Warner, and ex-
Governor Parsons spoke at the court-house in
Sumter county. The meeting was organized
and held in front of that building and in the
open air, the speakers standing on the steps
leading into'the entrance of the hall, which
extended through the building. About the
time the first speaker, Governor Smith, began
his address adozen or more armed men rushed
into the building, and the leader, brandishing
a large open knife in a very threatening man-
ner, took a position a few feet from the Gov-
ernor, on his right. There he stood for some
time, near enough to strike the knife into him
at any moment, and menacing him constantly
as if he were about to do it. At times he held
it at a convenient angle to plunge it into him,
showing plainly by his savage looks and bear-
ing that he and his companions who were close
beside him, armed with large Army revolvers,
were only waiting for some excuse to strike a
deadly blow. The Governor went on with his
speech, not appearing to notice what was going
on around him. But for his coolness and
apparent indiflference and that of his friends,
some of them, perhaps himself, would have
been murdered. The murderous intent of those
men was only too apparent; but it seems the
occasion did not afford them sufficient excuse.
During the whole speaking their language was
abusive and insulting. The Governor and his
friends went to Butaw that night, and some of
these armed ruffians went there also on the
same train, and others came to Eutaw the next
morning, and were active participants in the
riot which they and others like them got up at
that place during the day.
The scene at that riot almost surpasses
belief. Between two and three thousand col-
ored Republicans were around the speakers
stand, in the court-house yard and outside of
it, as quiet and well-behaved as if they were
at a religious meeting. They were fired upon
from the windows and doors and from each
corner of the court-house, without provocation
or warning, by this armed gang of undisguised
Kuklux; and fifty-four of these unarmed and
unoffending colored men were wounded, as
the Democratic papers subsequently stated,
aud four of them have since died. The Dem-
ocratic speakers who had been advertised to
be at Eutaw that day, after notice of the Repub-
lican meeting had been given, did not attend,
but these armed Democratic actors did, and if
they were not members of the Kuklux Klan,
as there is every reason to believe they were
in fact, they knew how to do the work of that
infamous gang, and they did it effectually on
that occasion.
This town of Eutaw is the scene of Alex-
ander Boyd's assassination by the Kuklux
Klan in full disguise, before mentioned, in the
spring of 1870; and in that county or its im-
mediate vicinity five colored men have been
put to death by that Klan within the past year.
And I will here add that it is in this same town
of Eutaw, since the election, that the Repub-
lican candidate for Lieutenant Governor (Mr.
Burton) and the collector of the port of Mobile
(William Miller) were set upon by armed men
and dreadfully beaten and bruised, while they
were there at different times on business, and
the former, it is thought, injured for life. And
not satisfied with this, on the night of the 30th
of last month they pasted the following notice
on the door-post of Mr. Burton's residence in
Demopolis, and firing a volley disappeared :
To Mattixgly axd Bukton:
We would respectfully advise you. gentlemen, to
leave Demopolis. "A stitoli in time saves nine."
This is no idle threat, made simply to frighten you.
KNIGHTS OF THE BLACK CUoSS.
P. S.—We'll giveyou fifteen days to "pack un your
traps and leave." •
All these things, taken in connection with
the declarations made several times by the
same armed ruffians on the train, as they re-
turned from Eutaw the morning after the riot,
in the presence of Governor Smith, Senator
Warner, and ex-Governor Parsons, "that
they had been to Eutaw and cleaned out the
damned Radicals and were going home,"
convince my mind that they not only acted in
concert among themselves as a gang, but in
concert with and on behalf of the Democratic
party.
The effect of this violence on the Republican
cause in that district is very apparent. This
is the district which my colleague [Mr. Hays]
represents. In 1869 he was elected by fifteen
thousand majority; in the last election by less
than eighteen hundred majority. The whip,
the bludgeon, the rope, the pistol, and the
knife were freely used in that district. Behold
the result 1
The Democratic programme did not include
the defeat of Mr. Hats and.the election of
their candidate in that district, though Mr.
Harris, their nominee for Congress, has said,"
as I have been informed, he could have beaten
Mr. Hays but did not choose to do it. The
reason of this forbearance was their fear of an
investigation by this House and an exposure
of all the fraud, force, violence, and murders
which have been practiced in that district.
4. Of the proceedings at Montgomery in
November and December last, by which Gov-
ernor Smith, who was reelected by a majority
of the votes actually cast, was forced to aban-
don the contest and give up the office itself to
the Democratic candidate to avoid bloodshed.
Governor Smith actually received at least one
thousand votes more than Mr. Lindsey, the
Democratic candidate. According to the count
by which Mr. Lindsey claims to have been
elected, he'received fourteen hundred and
twenty-nine votes more than Governor Smith.
Finding that notwithstanding all their violence
they had miscalculated and had allowed more
votes to be cast for Governor Smith than they
had intended, and that if some means were
not taken to prevent the count and return of
the votes actually cast he would be declared
duly elected, I am informed that telegrams
were sent by the Democratic State executive
committee to the county of Perry to have the
Republican majority in that county reduced,
and to the county of Tuscaloosa to have the
Democratic majority in that county increased.
It can be shown, sir, that in the county of
Russell the sheriff and circuit court clerk per-
sistently refused to make any return whatever
of the votes cast in that county without giving
any reason therefor, the real cause of this
refusal being that the county had given the
Republican candidates a majority of thirteen
hundred and fifty votes.
In the county of Macon a full count of the
vote cast in that county was made, and the
result published a few days after the election ;
bat the county supervisors, influenced by the
Democrats, recounted and threw out three
hundred and sixty Republican votes, contrary
to and in violation of the law of the State.
In the eonntiets of Elmore, Bibb, and Sumter
similar proceedings were had; and in Wash-
ington county they only returned the votes
cast for the Democratic ticket, throwing out
all the Republican votes which were cast iu
that county.
Sir, if the returns had been made according
to law the court would have given the election
to Governor Smith. When he learned these
facts he determined to contest the election.
This the constitution of the State gave him the
right to dc. Now, sir, I desire to call the
attention of this House and the country to what
occurred in relation to that contest. What-
ever individuals may think of the policy of
Governor Smith's course, it is due to the cause
of truth and right that the facts should be
known, and the conduct of the Democratic
party leaders and of the Kuklux Klan respect-
ing it put in its true light.
You have seen it stated by the press that
Governor Smith sought to retain possession of
the office for which, as a candidate, he had
been defeated by the use of Federal troops,
negroes, militia, &c. All such reports are
without foundation, and were knowingly and
falsely circulated to mislead the public mind
for political effect and to direct attention from
the real wrongs and outrages of the Kuklux
Democracy.
I have already shown that Governor Smith
received more votes than Mr. Lindsey. I will
now show you how he attempted to obtain a
fair count of the vote by which he was unques-
tionably reelected. He employed three of
the ablest lawyers in the State, namely, ex-
Governor Parsons, Hon. Alexander Whi*;e,
