1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iig
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Condition of the South—Mr. Buch.
Ho. of Reps.
cases and general facts concerning the canvass
and the election and returns. He charged that
Democratic partisans had by intimidation pre-
vented many citizens from voting the Repub-
lican ticket and compelled others by violence
to vote the Democratic ticket contrary to their
wishes, and that they had fraudulently with-
held the returns of votes actually polled, in
order to make it appear that the Democrats
had carried the State. Sir, these men well
know that a fair investigation would show that
the Republican party, but for this violence and
fraud, would have elected every man on their
State ticket.
The conduct of the Democratic leaders in
Alabama, if expressed in words, would be
about this: "Governor Smith, you have ap-
pealed to the law and the courts to establish
your right to retain possession of the office
you now hold in virtue of your reelection, as
you allege. Now sir, we will not wait for the
courts to decide this question, before we take
possession of the office. We will put you out
and put Mr. Lindsey into the office of Gov-
ernor now, regardless of the mandate of the
court of chancery and of your right to retain
possession of the office until your successor is
elected and qualified, even if we have to do it
by violence."
That, Mr. Speaker, is the only way in which
the peace of the State could have been endan-
gered, because neither Governor Smith nor
his friends offered or threatened any vio-
lence toward any one, for any purpose what-
ever. They did not propose to settle the con-
tested election in that way. This is shown
also by comparing the conduct of the leaders
of each party.
The Democratic leaders, in the midst of the
excitement which they had stirred up among
themselves and their Kuklux friends, published
a call for an indignation meeting at the caj>i-
tol, because of Governor Smith's course in
appealing to the court to establish his right to
retain the office, and because armed soldiers
of the United States were at the State-house, as
already stated. The meeting assembled in the
very building where these "armed soldiers"
were " tyrannizing over the people," and in the
representatives' hall denounced these tyrants
and the Governor and his friends to their hearts'
content, and no one molested them or offered
tol At that meeting was a man who had held
the office of chancellor and afterwards of chief
justice of the State, and who very well knew
that when a bill was presented to a judge or
chancellor making a proper case, in his judg-
ment, for the relief prayed, it was the sol-
emn duty of such judge or chancellor to grant
it; and this ex-chief justice was also aware
of anofher fact, that when an injunction is
granted under circumstances such as existed
when the one in question issued, even though
a practicing lawyer, or any number of them,
however eminent he and they may be in the
profession, may be of opinion that the case
made by the bill did not give the court juris-
diction, it is far better to let the courts
settle that question than to advise the client to
disregard and treat with contempt the man-
date of the highest judicial authority in the
State. He knew there were two sides to this
as well as most other legal questions ; that the
court might differ with counsel, as it had fre-
quently done when he was chief justice ; and
he certainly had 110 right to pronounce against
the candor and fairness of Governor Smith's
counsel, who had advised him that the court
had jurisdiction and authority in the premises.
This ex-chancellor and ex-chief justice at-
tended the indignation meeting aforesaid, and
while he said, "rn conclusion, I counsel mod-
eration and caution," he also said, "Governor
Smith has no right to the possession of the
office." "Theaction of the chancery court"—
that is, the order of one of the judges of the
41st Gong. 3d Sess.—No. 8.
supreme court of the State—" is simply void !
The General Assembly should in a quiet and
peaceful manner disregard it."
There were also present at that meeting, to
condemn the policy of the contest, a bevy of
other speakers to stir and inflame the passions
of the crowd against the Governor, his counsel,
and the distinguished judge who granted the
injunction. This was done not only to break
down the contest in the courts by intimidation,
but to bring the judge also into contempt.
Mr. Speaker, how did Governor Smith reply
to the attack made by Judge Walker at this
public indignation meeting because of this
appeal to the courts? Did he and his friends
call for a counter indignation meeting, as they
might have done if he and they had been as
regardless of the peace and good order of the
community as the Democratic leaders had
shown themselves? Sir, they did nothing of
that kind. The Governor, by way of answer
to all the abuse which had been heaped on him
and his counsel and friends at that meeting,
caused to be published at the time a reply to
the argument of Judge Walker, which, to my
mind, is unanswerable as to the jurisdiction of
the chancery court in the case made by the bill
and as to the power and duty of the judge of
the supreme court to grant the injunction in
the premises.
It follows, therefore, that the proceedings in
the chancery court were not void, as Judge
Walker declared, and that they, could not
properly be disregarded by the General As-
sembly, as the ex-chief justice had taken on
himself the responsibility of advising.
The Democratic party did get possession of
the office of Governor without waiting for the
decision of the court, which might have been
had atonce,if Mr. Lindsey had desired, by pro-
pounding his interest and putting in an answer
to the bill and moving to dissolve the injunc-
tion. There are many things connected with
the means and instruments which that party
employed to obtain possession of the office in
addition to what I have already said which ckn
only be brought to light by a thorough con-
gressional investigation, which I trust will be
had.
What I have said shows the assertion made
by the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard]
is not correct when he says, " the Governor,
(Smith,) not content with the result of the
elections as evinced by the counting of the
votes, first attempted by force to keep posses-
ion of the archives of the State and the papers
of the office. Failing in that, he resorted to
the legal tribunals of his State, and failed in
that." The honorable Senator was mistaken
in the facts. Governor Smith resorted to the
courts only; and I have already shown that
he did not fail there, because there has not*
been a trial of the case.
It may be asked, then, how does the matter
stand, and why did Governor Smith withdraw?
I have already shown that his friends had great
reason to fear that bloodshed would be the
result of a continuance of the contest, because
of the violent spirit which many of the Dem-
ocratic leaders manifested. When Governor
Smith gave up the contest he published an
address to the people, from which I make the
following extract. He said:
"I have never been willing even to endanger
your peace and prosperity in an effort to get or
keep office for myself. It is upon this ground that
I now surrender the books, papers, apartments, ana
paraphernalia of the office of Governor to Hon.
It. B. Lindsey. With undiminished confidence m
the correctness of my claim to that offiee, upon
grounds already known to the public, I am con-
vinced that persistence on my part in that claim
will result in serious evils to you, in excitement,
tumult, and perhaps an approach to anarchy. I
deliberately abandon that claim."
Language more significant than this could
not be employed. When the paper was pre-
pared from which the above was taken it is
evident Governor Smith expected to be put
Oat of office, if he did not withdraw, by "force
and violence.
In conclusion, sir, I have only a few general
remarks to offer in addition to what has been
said. The first is, that this Kuklux Klan, as
an organization, appears to have taken the
place, perhaps is a substitute for the old
"patrol" system which existed in time of
slavery. The "patrol" was appointed by a
county magistrate, and the members were
known to the whole community; and the only
punishment which they were authorized to
inflict was a certain number of lashes. It
is true this authority was sometimes abused,
but not often; because the interest if not the
humanity of the owner was always on the
watch to prevent or punish it. While the col-
ored race were slaves if one of them was found
by the "patrol" on the premises of any other
person than his master or overseer without
a pass or other satisfactory evidence of per-
mission they whipped him. Of course the
owner or overseer had a right to punish him
again if they did not think Be had received
enough ; and by these means the slave was
made to labor and obey.
The Kuklux Klan, who go in the night,
and in disguise, in violation of all law, except
of their own making, armed with pistols and
knives, unrestrained by any consideration of
personal or pecuniary interests in the ' 'chattel''
that was, and thus far secure against any legal
punishment, break open the dwellings of the
freedmen, drag them forth, beat, whip, cut,
stab, shoot, and kill them at their own pleasure
or at the command of their unknown leaders
and officers, and by these means the freedman
is made to labor and obey! This treatment
produces a double effect: it not only makes
them labor and obey as servants, but prevents
all freedom of political action also, if they
go to the polls and vote the Democratic ticket,
or stay away and do not vote at all, they are
assured " it will be well with them ; " but if
they vote the Republican ticket "the Lord only
knows what will become of them." As slaves, ^
if they stayed where they were put, and did as
they were told, it wai well with them! If they
did not, if .they ran away, it was not well with
them. If they lay out in the woods they were
hunted and generally caught. If they attempted
to escape to a free State, it was next to impos-
sible to get across the Ohio river. As freed-
men, if they attempt to leave now and go else-
where, they have been told "if you go, you
will be Kukluxed like hell!"
If this is not " involuntary servitude" what
is? Is not the freedman in greater danger to
life and limb, if these things are true, than
the slave? If they are indeed true, will you
leave him to his fate? You have struck the
shackles from his limbs, you have set him on
his feet and made him a man, a free man-
You have put the ballot in his haud. You have
encouraged him to believe that, asa freedman,
he had the right to it, and that he could learn
to use this power for his own and the public
good. You have inspired him with confidence
in the present and bright hopes for the future
of bis race; and under your teaching he has
come to believe that in all the good or ill which
Providence may have in store for this nation
he shall be permitted to share and bear his
equal part as a citizen. This bright vision was
the dream, the whispered thought, the secret
hope of the slave! Will you permit the reality
to be dashed from the hand of the freedman ?
If the Republican party will not protect him
against wr'ong and outrage until by experie nce
he has acquired wisdom and strength sufficient
for his own guidance and support, who will ?
If the noble work yon have begun must fall
beneath the blows which are dealt by the
Kuklux Klans of the South unless you still
uphold and maintain it, will you hesitate, will
