1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1547
continent, the great cotton belt west of the
Mississippi river, soon to become the most
populous rural district in this whole country.
But there is another reason why this amend-
ment should bo made. The House has already
made an appropriation ot'alarge sum of money
for the improvement of that portion of this
rivet which is in the State of Arkansas. The
expenditure of that amount will be entirely
impracticable, so far as any good result is con-
cerned. unless you appropriate something for
the improvement of the lower portion of this
river. You might as well commence to dig a
hole at the bottom end as to make an appro-
priation for the improvement of the upper por-
tion of this river only, for there is no outlet
except through the lower part of this river,
in Louisiana.
I was a member of the sub-committee that
prepared this bill. This matter was brought to
the attention of that sub committee. But 1 did
not press it, for the reason that the engineer's
report on the survey of this river had not been
sent in by the time this bill was completed.
1 believe if we had had this report before us,
with the other facts in onr possession, this
appropriation would have been cheerfully put
to this bill. I feel like standing by the action
of this committee. But here is a new state
of facts ; and 1 now ask the Committee on
Commerce and the House to stand by us and
give us this appropriation. There is not one
dollar in this bill for the State of Louisiana
except at the mouth of the Mississippi river;
and that is just as much for the benefit of fifteen
other States as for the benefit of Louisiana.
The question having been taken on the
amendment, there were—ayes 60, noes 40; no
quorum voting.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
is now dividing.
Mr. CONGER. I propose to call fortellers;
bat 1 wish in the first place to make a remark
on this subject.
Mr. MOREY. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Conger] has no right to occupy the floor, a
division having been asked for.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
decides that the geutleman is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to say to the House
that no survey for this work has ever been
ordered by Congress or made by the engineer
department.
Mr. MOREY. I rise to a parliamentary in-
quiry. i wish to know whether this amend-
ment has been adopted or rejected.
The SPE A KER pro tempore. When the vote
was taken no quorum voted, there being—
ayes CO, noes 40.
Mr. MOREY. Then I call for tellers.
TheSPEAKER pro tempore. Thefloorhas
been assigned ta the gentleman from Michigan,
who will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, I call atten-
tion to the fact that the?e gentlemen desire to
force through this House an appropriation
without allowing anything to be said in oppo-
sition to the proposition, though they have
occupied some ten or fifteen minutes in advo-
cating it. I certainly have no objection to an
appropriation for this river at the proper time,
but, as I was about to remark, no survey has
ever been ordered for this river south of the
Arkansas line.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. It has been
Burveyed, and 1 have here the report.
Mr. CONGER. In committee the gentle-
man opposed this appropriation, though here
in the House he supports it.
Mr. SHBLDON, of Louisiana. I hope the
gentleman will not misrepresent me.
Mr. CONGER. I hope the geutleman will
not interrupt tne.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. It was
understood in the committee that there had
been no report; but the fact is otherwise.
Mr. CONGER. If the gentleman will not
get in my way I shall not 'have occasion to
speak of him. Now, sir, Irepeatthattherehas
never been a survey made or ordered for this
work ; and there has never been a recommend
ation from the Department. This pretended
report is the report of a survey made in the
State of Arkansas. The appropriation now
asked is for a portion of the river south of the
Arkansas line, between that and the mouth of
the Washita. In corroboration of what I say, I
ssk gentlemen to read for themselves Execu-
tive Document No. 60, part four, pages 12 and
13. By reference to that document they will
see that I am right.
I do not object to gentlemen urging an
appropriation where a report recommending
the improvement has come in late; that is
the proper privilege of any member; but if
gentlemen desire to incumber this bill with
appropriations for which ilo recommendation
has been made, and in cases where there is no
survey—appropriations which are not advised
by the engineer department, and do not receive
the assent of the committee; if this is the
policy which gentlemen desire to pursue, then
I say, " Go on and kill the bill as early as you
may find it convenient." Fortunately this
bill contains no appropriations for my district,
and no responsibility will rest upon me if the
bill should be defeated.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. The bill
contains no appropriation for my district.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman's district
receives the largest southern appropriation in
the bill.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Not a dol-
lar is appropriated for my district.
Mr. CONGER. Three hundred thousand
dollars were appropriated last year for the
mouth of the Mississippi; and we propose to
appropriate $150,000 for the same purpose
this year.
Mr. SYPHER. There has not been an ap-
propriation for our State during the last ten
years.
Mr. CONGER. Because we could not get
there to make improvements. We were pre-
vented from going there by the gentleman and
his friends. Now, I desire to ask this House
to pause in these appropriations, and at least to
make no appropriations where there has been
no survey of the engineers and no recommend-
ation from the Department or from the com
mittee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is there any appro-
priation in this bill for the State of Louisiana?
Mr. CONGER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
there is not; and the State is entitled to some-
thing.
Mr. CONGER. There is an appropriation
of about two hundred thousand dollars for
that State.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No quorum
having voted on this subject, the Chair appoints
as tellers the gentleman from Louisiana, Mr.
Sheldon, and the gentleman from Michigan,
Mr. Conger.
Mr. POTTER. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. I understand the chairman of the
committee to say there is no report of any
survey of this river for which this appropria-
tion has been asked, and that there has been
no recommendation in favor of it coming from
the Department.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That point
of order was made some time ago, and was
overruled by the Chair.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. If the gen-
tleman will read the report he will see he is
mistaken.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 74, noes 44.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For improvement of the upper Mississippi river,
and removing snags, aud dredging, $42,000.
Mr. BURCHARD. I move to amend by
adding the following words:
Provided, That no part of such sum shall be used
for the payment of any patent or patented machine
in wbioh any engineer or other officer employed on
said improvement may be interested.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I hope the gentleman
will modify his amendment so as to strike out
the words "employed en said improvement,"
so that it will apply to all engineers or other
officers of the Government.
Mr. BORCHARD. I will accept that as a
modification of my amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think we should stop
to consider this amendment. Does it mean
that the Government shall be precluded from
the employment of any patented machine? If
that is the purpose then the House had better
say so.
The amendment was agr.eed to.
Mr. MeCORMICK, of Missouri. I ask per-
mission to go back to lines sixty six and sixty-
seven for the purpose of striking out the appro-
priation for the improvement of St. Clair flats,
Michigan, $1,500; and I do it for this purpose:
I find in the report 
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a point of order.
If we cannot go forward I hope we will at
least not go backward. I object to the gen-
tleman going back.
Mr. MeCORMICK, of Missouri. I move to
strike out the last word of the pending para-
graph, and I do so for the purpose of calling
the attention of the- House to lines sixty-sis
and sixty-seven, " for the improvement of St.
Clair flats, $1,500." In the engineer's re-
port I find that there was forthe improvement
of these St. Clair flats an unexpended balance
of $264,000.
Mr. SAWYER. I make the point of order
that the gentleman is not speaking to his
amendment.
Mr. MeCORMICK, of Missouri. I wish the
House to know that the engineer department
reports to this Hou$e that there is no further
necessity for making appropriations for the
improvement of St. Clair flats. That being
so, then why should we have an appropriation
of $1,500 in this item?
Mr. CONGER. If the gentleman had paid
careful attention to the reading of the report
he would have seen that an annual appropria-
tion of $1,500 is recommended for a person in
charge of the works to keep them from destruc-
tion. I make the point of order, the gentle-
man is not discussing the amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
The amendment, by unanimous consent, was
withdrawn.
The Clerk read as follows:
For improvement of the Mississippi, Missouri, and
Arkansas rivers, $150,000.
Mr. WELLS. I move to increase that
appro priatiDn from $150,000 to $300,000. I
find from the engineer's report that $600,000
are recommended for this work. One hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars will not be
sufficient to keep up the number of boats and
men necessary for carrying on this improve-
ment. It must be remembered that these
rivers are from five to seven thousand miles
in length, and this appropriation is not three
hundred dollars a mile, perhaps not more than
two hundred dollars. The commerce on these
rivers is immense. There were nearly $2,000,-
000,000 of commerce which floated on these
rivers last year, twice and a half as large as
the whole foreign commerce of this country. I
will venture to say that the commerce of these
rivers is nine times more than the total com-
merce of all the other rivers and harbors in
the country.
Now, sir, if it be the object of this Hotue
to make appropriations which shall be ben-
eficial for the purposes indicated, I think it
should give its assent to the proposition 1 have
submitted. I only ask one half what the de-
partment says is necessary. In looking over
