114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
Senate.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Blair.
41st Cons....3d Sess.
you refuse, to do it? Moved by a profound
sense* of justice and right, you delivered the
slave from bondage of your own free will and
accord. Animated by a love of country, which
became more intense as dangers thickened
round her on every hand, you were inspired to
strike a blow which gave him the right to 44 lib-
erty and the pursuit of happiness," and at the
same time made these inestimable blessings
more secure to yourselves and to your pos-
terity. In this you cannot fail to see the hand
of an overruling Providence. _ Will you not go
forward in the same spirit until the noble work
yon have begun is fully accomplished? If
you refuse, who will rejoice and who will be
sorrowful? Let your colaborer in this great
work, that illustrious patriot and martyr iu
the cause of human rights, answer once more
in behalf of a race that were slaves in the land
of his birth, but whose emancipation he pro-
claimed and sealed with his blood 1
Fifteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. F. P. BLAIR,
of missouri,
In the United States Senate,
February 15,1871.
The Senate having under consideration the joint
resolution of the Legislature of Indiana withdraw-
ing its assent to the ratification of the fifteenth article
of amendments to the Constitution-
Mr. BLAIR said:
Mr. President: I did not intend to take
part in this discussion, and I shall be very
brief iu the expression of my views now, and
endeavor not to trespass too long on the indul-
gence of the Senate.
The Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,]
with his usual ability, which marks him as the
leader of the Administration party on this
floor—there being many of the old leaders of
the Republicans who cannot be claimed for
the Administration—has opened the discussion
of questions which I regard as of paramount
importance to the country. These are the
questions involved in the reconstruction acts
of Congress. Other questions which attract
much attention and employ some of the best
reind3 of our country do not, in my opinion,
deserve the prominence which has been given
them at this juncture. I do not undervalue the
great advantages to the people of low taxes
and a sound system of finance; but these are
only incidents to the great question beyond,
as to the Government itself. We might have
free trade and a good financial system under
a despotism; but a Federal Union of free
States, coequal in political rights, with a Gen-
eral Government of limited and clearly defined
powers, is the opposite of despotism. The two
cannot exist together.
Have we a Federal Union on the constitu-
tional basis? Are the States equal in polit-
ical rights? Is the central Government act-
ing within constitutional limitations? What
is this whole system of reconstruction, as it
is called, this exclusion of States from their
inherent and guarantied rights? Taxation
without representation, their fundamental laws
set aside, the popular will suppressed, the right
of suffrage taken from the States by a usurping
fragmentofCongress, the Federal Constitution
itself changed iu its character by the same
usurping fragment and in defiance of the known
and expressed will of the people. The Gov-
ernment is literally, practically subverted, and
the paramount issue now is to bring back the
central Government to its legitimate powers
and the restoration of the States to their re-
served and undoubted rights, instead of ex-
pending argument and effort on minor questions
of expediency, touching the afl'airs of finance
and free trade, questions which will become
great and important when we shall have suc-
ceeded in rescuing the Government itself from
the perils which threaten its existence. Dem-
ocrats may honestly differ on these minor
matters, and so may Radicals. But on the
subject of a consolidated empire or a Federal
Union there can be no division among those
who prefer the one or the other system.
If the central Government can make and
unmake States at pleasure; can reconstruct
them, displace the duly elected authorities
chosen by the people, and put others in their
places by edicts to be executed by the military
arm, then we are under a consolidated Gov-
ernment without limitation of power. Such
has been and is the action of Congress and of
the administration of General Grant.
The Senator from Indiana fitly represents
the Administration in the bold, open, and out-
spoken expression of contempt for represent-
ative Government. Sir, during the last sum-
mer the news was brought to us t.hat the Sen-
ator had been appointed to a high mission
abroad, the mission to England. It was very
gratifying to me. Knowing well his ability and
courage, and confiding in his patriotism upon
questions pending between his own and a for-
eign country, I believed our affairs at the
English Court would be conducted by the hon-
orable Senator with ability, courage, and deco-
rum, and that the honor of the country would
be safe in his hands.
But, sir, an election took place during the
autumn, in the State of Indiana, and the Demo-
cratic party succeeded in electing a majority of
the Legislature of that State. The Senator at
once renounced the mission which he had so
recently accepted and assigned as his reason
that he would not have his State send a Sen-
ator here in his place to represent the polit-
ical sentiments of the people of Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. Misrepresent.
Mr. BLAIR. We need not quarrel about
that. I shall not use so harsh a term toward
him as to say he misrepresents the State of
Indiana. He may, and doubtlessdoes, believe
that he represents the people of the State, but
if there was a Senator to be chosen by the
Legislature just elected, no one doubts that a
Democrat would be chosen ; and this fact would
furnish the best evidence of the political senti-
ment of the people.
If the distinguished Senator had gone abroad
upon the mission to which ho was appointed,
he would have learned in the royal court to
which he was accredited a greater deference for
the popular will than he seems to have attained
in the party to which he belongs at home. He
would have discovered there, in monarchical
England, that no minister or public servant
can hold office against the popular sentiment;
Jrnt the Senator holds his place although the
people of his State have condemned hitn in the
only form and manner in which public senti-
ment is ascertained in our country. He openly
avows, moreover, that he continues so to hold
it to prevent the election of one who more
nearly represents the opinions of that body
whose duty it is to select a Senator in his place.
The Senator has gone somewhat into the
history of the fifteenth amendment, the right-
ful adoption of which is controverted by his
State in the concurrent resolutions passed by
the Legislature of Indiana, and which are now
under consideration by the Senate. I shall
also refer to some historical matters pertaining
to that measure. I remember very well that
the Congress which proposed that amendment
to the States failed to do so until after the
presidential election, and that their nominating
convention which sat in Chicago held out the
promise to the people that no such amend-
ment should be proposed, declaring in emphatic
terms that while they claimed the right to
regulate the suffrage by Congress in the States
lately in revolt, the States that had not been
in rebellion should have, and of right ought to
have, the power to regulate suffrage for them-
selves. This was a trick to avoid an issue
which would have been fatal to them iu the
presidential election. But when, after the
election, the party to which the Senator be-
longs had secured another lease of power, they
then proposed to the States this amendment,
refusing and voting down a proposition made,
I think, in both Houses of Congress, certainly
in one of the Houses, that the amendment
should be submitted to Legislatures of the
States elected after the amendment was sub-
mitted by Congress to the States for ratifica-
tion. This was promptly refused. They did
not intend that the people should have any-
thing to do with framing their own organic
law. This measure, the Senator declares, had
become " a political necessity" for his party
and could not be trusted to the people.
What further? The two Senators who sat
here from my own State, neither of whom sit
here now, voted for this amendment after the
people of Missouri, in the election immediately
preceding, had voted down negro suffrage by
thirty thousand majority, and the Legislature,
elected by that very vote, ratified the amend-
ment, in defiance of this overwhelming ex-
pression of public sentiment.
A similar state of facts occurred in Kansas,
where, in the election preceding, negro suffrage
had been defeated by fifteen thousand majority.
In the State of Ohio the majority against negro
suffrage was fifty thousand, and yet her Repub-
lican Senators and Representatives and her
Republican Legislature promptly disregarded
the public will by proposing and ratifying this
amendment. In the State of Michigan the peo-
ple refused to give suffrage to the negroes by
a majority of thirty-four thousand. Her Sen-
ators and Representatives were equally regard-
less of the wishes of their people, and hastened
to fasten upon them an organic law for which
they had proclaimed their detestation. I could
go on and enumerate many more of the north-
ern States in which the people had expressed
their will with equal emphasis, and were treated
with equal contempt by their Republican Sen-
ators and Representatives. Among the num-
ber were the States of New York, Connecticut,
and New Jersey ; and, indeed I think that none,
of the northern States can be excepted, not
one.
Mr. HOWARD. If the honorable Senator
will allow me a word, I beg to say in reference
to the State of Michigan that at the last elec-
tion held last November the question was taken
before the people whether to strike the word
"white" out of the constitution of the State,
the effect of which would be to make no dis-
tinction whatever between white and black in
the exercise of the elective franchise, and
there was a majority of the voters of the State
who ratified that amendment to the constitu-
tion of the State.
Mr. BLAIR. That does not touch the ques-
tion with which 1 am dealing at all.
Mr. HOWARD. It merely shows what the
opinion of the majority of the voters of the
State to-day is on that particular question.
Mr. BLAIR. I think it was sufficiently and
better shown to public servants who desired
to carry out the will of their constituents by
the vote preceding their action, than by the
one subsequent to it.
Now, sir, I do not know a single northern
State outside of New England in which the
people, whenever the question has been sub-
mitted to them, have not rejected the propo-
sition to allow negro suffrage; and yet these
gentlemen hurried the matter through without
a constitutional quorum in the State of the
Senator from Indiana; and in my State, after
the people had condemned it by thirty thou-
sand majority six months previous, the Radi-
cal Legislature adopted oue half of it on a
