im.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
115
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Blair.
Senate.
telegram, not waiting to receive an official and
authentic copy, such was their haste to show
contempt for the popular will of the State.
Then the question is raised by the State of
Indiana in these resolutions in reference to the
ratification of Virginia, Mississippi, Texas, and
Georgia, without the ratification of which States
the amendment was not adopted. If adopted
at all, we have seen that it was adopted against
the remonstrance of all the people of the North,
and simply by coercion in the States of the
South ; and yet that amendment is now to be
considered as one of those sacred things upon
which no man must lay his hands. Because
the perfidious representatives of the people
have betrayed their trust and fixed a yoke
upon their necks, they are not to wince when
they are galled; and if some States, by a fraud
obtaining the signatures of the presiding offi-
cers of the two Houses, enact into a law that
which they had no right to enact, and contrary
to the forms ordained in their own constitu-
tion, we have no right to examine it, or hold
to proper accountability those who have com-
mitted the fraud and perverted the fornjs 'of
law to give effect to their crime.
Sir, if constitutional amendments can be
adopted in that way we might well have con-
stitutional amendments here that would create
what the gentleman pretends so much to ap-
prehend. If constitutional amendments can
be adopted in this mode, against the remon-
strance of the entire body of the people of
the North, or a vast majority of them, as indi-
cated by the facts to which I have referred,
and which are not contradicted in the Senate,
and cannot be contradicted, why may we not
soon have one declared adopted which pro-
vides for a President and Senate for life, and
why may not other aristocratic and monarchical
institutions be fixed upon us by coercing these
carpet-bag States, or in the congressional slang
requiring them to adopt another fundamental
condition, and by misrepresenting and defying
the will of the people in the States of the North?
And then we shall be told, in the language of
the Senator, that we have no right to say a
word ; we have no right even to expose the per-
fidy by which the people have been betrayed;
and we shall be denounced as revolutionists
if we do.
This is no idle apprehension. Bach day
ushers in some new and monstrous usurpation
of power on the part of the dominant party.
One aggression is but the stepping-stone of
another. The indignation excited by each
successive infringement of the rights of the
people is a pretext for still further encroach-
ments. The plea of " political necessity," by
which the Senator justifies the adoption of
the fifteenth amendment, is always ready, and
has become the law of the existence of that
party which, having forfeited the confidence of
the people, is now compelled to retain power
by fraud and force. Hence the bill to employ
the Army to enforce the fifteenth amendment,
which has grown out of that measure, and the
bill now pending in the other House enlarging
the powers of the President for the same pur-
pose. It is the fungus growth from a rotten
system, more poisonous than that which pro-
duced it.
Sir, I had occasion to be very grateful to the
Senator from Wisconsin who sits nearest to
me [Mr. Carpexter] for the speech which
he made in this Hall the other day, able and
learned as it was, vindicating the position
which the Democratic party have taken upon
this subject. The argument is one which is
familiar to us in Missouri. We have there
labored under disqualifications and disabilities
fixed upon us by a constitution of our State by
which more than one half the citizens were
deprived of the right of suffrage and the right
to hold office, and even to practice professions
by which they earned their bread.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I should of course
duly appreciate any compliment the Senator
from Missouri might pay me at any time and
upon any subject; but if Ihad any choice upon
the subject I should very much desire to have
him separate it from the matter he is now dis-
cussing, and do it at some other time and upon
some other occasion.
Mr. BLAIR. I shall take great pleasure
in doing what the gentleman suggests. I have
no disposition to draw him in a way he is dis-
inclined to go, but I thought he walked with a
step so firm and manly and with ahead so clear
the other day upon the question then at issue,
and that his arguments so irresistibly led to
the conclusions which the Democratic party
had adopted in reference to test-oaths all over
the country, that a Democrat might adopt them.
If the Senator does not wish to follow his own
logic, or if he thinks his argument does not
lead "to these conclusions, certainly I do not
wish to carry him there; but I shall avail
myself of the argument nevertheless. I shall
then come to the conclusion that the argument
was better than the Senator. The argument
is Democratic whether the Senator is so or
not.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator is quite
right in saying that the remarks I made the
other day went to the full length of maintain-
ing that the test-oath, so called, was uncon-
stitutional. I had not a doubt about it then,
and I have not this morning; but I do not see
that that question has anything to do with the
question he is discussing. That is the reason
1 interrupted him.
Mr. BLAIR. The gentleman may see more
clearly in this matter than I do ; but it strikes
me as having something to do with the ques-
tion which has been raised by the Senator from
Indiana in reference to the reconstruction acts
and their attendant test-oaths and disfranchise-
ments, of which he has spoken to-day, and to
which I intended briefly to allude, calling to
my aid the able argument of the Senator from
Wisconsin in my effort to expose the violations
of the Constitution inflicted by these acts.
The Democratic party, as the Senator from
Indiana says, opposed all this reconstruction.
He says the Democratic party could not dis-
criminate between loyalty and treason. The
Democratic party, he thinks, believed that the
South, after having committed treason, ought
not to have been punished. Well, sir it is quite
certain, if they were to be punished, they ought
to be punished under the Constitution. The
Government has no power to punish them
outside of the Constitution. The Congress of
the United States has no power to go outside
of the Constitution to find punishmeuts to inflict
upon rebels or criminals, of whatever degree
they may be.
Mr. MORTON. Will my friend allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly, sir.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator from
Missouri this question : whether the Demo-
cratic party did not make the issue to the coun-
try in the election of 1868, squarely, that the
reconstruction acts were null and void, and
ought to be disregarded?
Mr. BLAIR. I think they did.
Mr. MORTON. And were they not beaten
on that, overwhelmingly?
Mr. BLAIR. I think the reason they were
beaten was because some Democrats sought
to dodge the issue and apologize for a doctrine
as old as the Democratic party itself, as if
there was something wrong about it. Many
people took them at their word, and voted for
Grant, under the delusion also, now pretty well
exploded, that he was moderate and conserva-
tive in his sentiments. This is my judgment.
I intended to speak to the very point of the
question the Senator has addressed to me, and
shall do so fully before I close my remarks.
The Democratic party in the convention at
New York made this issue broadly and unmis-
takably: that the reconstruction acts of Con- .
gress were unconstitutional, null, and void.
That is the very language of their resolution,
and because in these acts Congress sought
and did inflict punishments upon a whole peo-
ple, which the Constitution prohibits and
declares shall never be inflicted except after
a judicial trial and conviction by due process
of law. This legislative trial, conviction, and
punishment is known to every lawyer to be a
bill of attainder prohibited by the Constitution
of the United States. Congress has no power
not given by that instrument; and when it
inflicts punishment without its authority it is
no more than a mere mob of lynchers. It
has no more rightful power than a body of
conspirators against the Government. It is
the Constitution that gives life and vigor to
the resolutions of Congress; and when it
attempts to exercise powers not delegated to
it-its edicts ought to be void and of no more
effect than the resolutions of a mass meeting
held in the streets of a city.
What were the punishments which Congress
in the reconstruction acts sought to inflict
upon the people of the South ? Instead of
proceeding to punish those who had been in
rebellion according to law, by indictment,
trial, and conviction, they declared by act of
Congress that certain classes had been guilty
of treason, and condemned the community
en masse, forfeiting their rights as citizens,
depriving them of the right of suffrage, and
declaring them ineligible to office. The per-
sons upon whom these punishments were in-
flicted were citizens of the States recently in
rebellion. The fact that they were States in
the Union cannot be denied, because all of
them had voted to ratify the thirteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution, emancipating the
slaves, and their votes upon this amendment
had already been counted and accepted by Con-
gress. They were thus recognized as States,
capable of performing the highest functions
of the States, capable of acting upon amend-
ments to the organic law of the Republic pro-
posed by Congress to the States; not proposed
to Territories or conquered provinces, but
proposed to the States in the U nion.
And unless they had thus been recognized and
regarded as States in the Union they could not
have voted for the ratification of that amend-
ment, fixing the organic law of the Republic,
not alone for themselves, but all the other
States. This is a higher function, a more im-
portant office than that of participating by their
representatives in the legislation of Congress.
Without the votes of these States the thirteenth
amendment was not adopted and is not a part
of the Constitution. If it is valid, and no one
denies its validity, then they were States at that
time, and Congress could not expel them or
reconstruct them. It was after this recognition
that Congress proceeded to displace their con-
stituted authorities, place them under martial
law, disfranchise their citizens, and disqualify
them from the exercise of all civil rights, trans-
ferring the political power to the hands of the
ignorant and vicious part of the population, who
had hitherto been slaves, thus inflicting pun-
ishment without judicial trial. This brings me
to the point put so strongly to the Senate the
other day by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Carpenter,] that no man can be punished by
an act of Congress or by the act of any legis-
lative body ; that such an act is a bill of attain-
der, and is denounced and prohibited by the
Constitution, and especially as against a whole
community, confounding the innocent with the
guilty, if guilt could be attached to any indi-
i vidual under such circumstances.
