1871.
THE CON"GEESSIONAJL GLOBE.
723
took off receipts, according to the then exist-
ing laws, by the bill which we passed in July
last, as I have already said, not $45,000,000,
but $57,000,000, according to the best esti-
mate that could be made. That, if it be
added to what I have shown to be the esti-
mate, would have made the actual receipts
under existing laws $204,147,000. Bat the
receipts of 1870 were $185,128,819. Now,
take off the $57,000,000, and even on the old
basisthere would be $128,138,859. Add again
S23,095,000, and it will bring up the internal
revenue to $151,819,600 upon the basis of
the present law. And even if you deduct
the amount which I have shown we shall re-
ceive from the income tax it brings it down
to $139,199,702;
So that in r.o point of view in which I can
look at this question will there be a necessity
for this income tax, even if there be a dim-
inution, as the chairman of the Committee
on Finance informs us, of the production of
whisky during these two months, even if you
make an increase of $5,000,000 of the invalid
pensions, which we passed the other day.
'Pake all these sources, and they will not in
the aggregate amount to $38,000,000. Sup-
pose. then, that we do fall behind, there are
$138,000,000 in the Treasury, and we can
apply $38,000,000 to any deficit and still have
$100,000,000 in the Treasury, and pay during
the year not less than from $40,000,000 to
$50,000,000 of debt.
Do we wish to do better than that? Is it
necessary to do better than that? Ought we
to do it, as I have already said, against the
plighted faith of the Government, that this
income tax should not last longer than 1870?
I have submitted these figures and these iacts
in the hope that the Senate will now, in view
of the promise which was made in the original
law, in vj^vv of the injasti^fe and inequality of
this tax; in view of the fact that the necessity
has ceased under which it was imposed; in view
of the fact that it is likely to give rise to long,
expensive, and harassing litigation; in view
of the fact that many of the best men in the
country feel keenly the injustice of the inquisi-
tion which is made annually into their piivate
affairs, and in view of the fact that in the most
patriotic districts of the country there is more
discontent arising from this inquisition than
there is from the amount of the tax—in view
of all these facts, that the Senate wiil now at.
once remove this cause of irritation, wipe off
this income tax, wipe-off as rapidly as we can
all internal taxes—the duties, when we can do
so, on tea and coffee and sugar—and get down
to a basis where we can regularly pay a reason-
able amount of the national debt and go on
with the assurance, which we all feel we can
give, that under the existing state of things in
the country every dollar of the debt will be
paid and the good faith of the Government
kept both with its bondholders and with its
tax-payers.
Mr. SHERMAN addressed the Senate in
opposition to the bill. [His speech will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. BUCKINGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the Senator from
Connecticut to give way to me for a moment.
It is getting late now, and I ask that this bill
be passed over informally, that I may have an
opportunity of saying a few words, not occu-
pying more than five minutes, upon the bill
that was under consideration yesterday the
civil service bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Connecticut yield?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Yes, sir; for that
purpose.
RECOMMENDATIONS TO OFFICE.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, my apology
for troubling the Senate for a moment with a
question which is not now engrossing their
attention is to be found in what I must char-
acterize as the unprovoked and unjustifiable
remarks of my colleague toward our colleague
in the lower House, the Representative from
the thirty-first district, the district in which I
reside in New York. Iam sure that he will be
glad, as I think he desires to do our colleague
no injustice, to have this opportunity that the
error into which be has fallen inay be cor-
rected. I read from the Globe to-day, con-
taining yesterday's debate, these remarks of
my colleague, [Mr. Coxkling:]
"Asub-committee was selected. It consisted of
my colleague in the House, Mr. Sheldon, who is,
until the 4th of March, the immediate represent-
ative of my colleague here, representing his con-
gressional district. It is no secret, and I shall give
no offense to my colleague when I say that Mr. Shel-
don sympathizes with him in his hostility toward
the collector of New York.
"The selection of this sub-committee was, like
the tipping over of Mr. Weiler's conch, a somewhat
' striking coincidenceit is noticeable that the one
single member of the House who acted on 4be sub-
committee was the immediate friend and represent-
ative of the mover of the resolution."
Further on, toward the close of the debate,
my colleague interrupted the Senator from New
Hampshire in this manner:
"May I understand one thing further? Did not
the Senator from New Hampshire know till he
rcached New York that his colleague on tho sub-
committee was hostile to the officers there ?"
" Mr. Patterson. I did not discover that he was
hostile to any person in the custom-house: X under-
stood thathehad in hisjudgmentagroundof offense
which occurred duringthe campaign in which he was
defeated; but that, that necessarily went to tb e extent
of his having any ill-feeling toward the officers of
the custom-house I did not know."
"Mr. Coxklixg. Then I will say that I am very
glad to hear that as an act of justice to the Sena-
tor himself, because I confess that, in common with
others, X had not been able to understnd" 
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of my
colleague why he does not read continuously ?
Inadvertently he has passed over two lines.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from New York [Mr. Fextojj] yield to his
colleague ?
Mr. FENTON. I shall finish what I have
to say in a few moments. I am reading those
portions which bear upon this matter which I
now wish to bring before the Senate. My col-
league said:
" Then I will say that lam very glad to hear that
as an act of justice to the Senator himself, because
X confess that, in common with others. I had not
been able to understand how the Senator himself
should have acquiesccd, had he known of tho atti-
tude of his colleague on the stib-comairtee before
his departure for New York, in going there with a
committee thus composed to investigate such a sub-
ject, because the attitude of his eolleaguo was so
very pronounced and so well known that it gavo it
the mere aspect of an act of personal revenge irom
the start."
Mr. President, if I had understood at the
time the scope of these remarks I should have
simply said in reply, and no more, that I was
sure my colleague was doing injustice to the
character and motives of Mr. Sheldox, a mem-
ber of the other House. I could have said this
with great assurance and great confidence, be-
cause Mr. Sheldox and myself reside in the
same town. I have known him for a great
many years; and ray intimate relation with
him enables me to speak with confidence in
regard to his character, his temperament, and
bis fidelity to the usages and the obligations
of the Republican party.
But, sir, my excuse, if any further need be
made for troublingftbe Senate with this matter,
will be found in the following letter, which I
ask the Clerk to read. 11 is from Mr. Shet.dox
himself. He imposes a duty upon me_ which
I cannot, as will be seen, very well avoid.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter,:
HopSE op representatives.
January 25, l#7i.
My Bear Siti: I have read in the Globe of to-day
certain remarks made by Senator Conklixg against
myself aiM my connection with tne sub-committee
that recently visited the city of New lork to in-
quire into thecustoms service of that port; ana i
desire to call vour attention to tbesame, and request
that, if ocoasion shall offer, you will remove any
prejudice in the minds of Senators induced by the
remarks referred to.
You can bear witness to the fact that I have had"
at no time any consultation with yourself, either in
rcgard to the resolution of inquiry as to the forma-
tion of the sub-committee or to the manoer of eon- ✓
duetingthe inquiry. Ihave never asked for or sought,
either directly or indirectly, a place upon the sub-
committee. Senator Patterson will, I doubt not,
bear cheerful evidence to the fact that my uxost ear-
nest desire was that the investigation should be con-
ducted with the strictest impartiality. •
As to the charge that I am hostile to Mr. Murphy
it is true to the extent and to the extent only that
I do not believe him to be a person whose services'
are valuable, either to the Republican party or to
the country in his present position.
That he should fear that my action might be con-
trolled by motives other than a desire to fulfill im-
partially my duty will not appear surprising to one
knowing Mr. Murphy, but I trust would not be cred-
ited by any honorable gentleman within my personal
acquaintance.
The honorable Senator should not have charged
me with being hostile to the Administration until ho
is prepared to do, in his extended sphere, what I
have done in ray limited one; that is, to sacrifice
my own personal ambition to the love I bear my
party and to tho love and respect I bear the Pres-
ident. I can safely challenge the Senator to show
one word or act of mine that has not been loyal to
my party and to the President.
This personal attack upon myself where I can-
not answer is so unjust nnd so unkind that I have
taken the liberty of calling your attention to tho
same, that you may in some way protect me where I
cannot be allowed to protect myself.
Yery respectfully, yours,
PORTER SHELDON,
Hon. R. E. Fkntox, United Stales Senate,
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I ven-
tured to interrupt my colleague during his
reading. I did so because he read from the
Globe, word after word, down to a certain
point, at which, without anything indicating
to listeners that he omitted anything, he passed
over exactly two lines, which qualified and
changed the meaning of that he read. He per-
severed, however, in omitting the two lines,
despite my effort to call his attention to them.
The two lines thus omitted are to the point,
that the Senator from New Hampshire, not
now in his seat, [Mr. Patterson,] became
aware, after reaching New York, of the fact
that his colleague on the gommittee was hos-
tile to the officers whose administration was
to be investigated. As this hostility is the very
fact I am arraigned for stating, I call attention
to the circumstance that it was stated not only
by me, but by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
Were the Senator from New Hampshire
here—I am sorry that he is not—I would state
one occurrence which alone must have brought
unmistakably to his notice the hostility of Mr.
Sheldon to the collector. The Senator from
New Hampshire is absent at the time which
my colleague has chosen to bring the matters
of New York again before the Senate; and
therefore I forbear, and come to the occasion,
the excuse which my colleague makes for intro-
ducing these matters again.
Mr. President, 1 trust I shall never be in-
duced or provoked by any arraignment, how-
ever far-fetched, to make this Chamber the
areua annecessarily for the settlement of per-
sonal matteis or disputes ; and my determina-
tion in this regard must stand now, as it 1ms
done often before, as the reason for abstaining
from the mention of facts nccessary to a state-
ment of the whole truth,
I am called upon by my colleague to unsay
something which on yesterday I said. I spoke
advisedly j I spoke truly ; and therefore I can-
not recall the words I uttered. My words will
not be misunderstood, I think, by the Senate
or by the public, in consequence of the pre-
posterous version given them in the letter read
and in the remarks of my colleague. Nowhere
did I impute to Mr. Sheldon a want of good
character as a man, a want of honor, or a
want of respectability in any way.
I said in part, what I now say more in full,
namely, that the sub-committee to hold an in-
quisition upon Mr. - Murphy consists of two
persons, one of whom is that member of the
New York delegation who alone, among all
