116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
Senate.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Blair.
41st Cong 3d Sess.
Again, this disfranchisement was the opera-
tive part of the machinery of these reconstruc-
tion acts. Without it they would have had no
effect in the South. The effective machinery
was the deprivation of classes of citizens of
their right of suffrage and conferring that same
right upor, others who never had been entitled
to it, in violation of another plain provision
of the Constitution, which reserves to the
States themselves the right to regulate their
own suffrage. The reconstruction acts go still
further, giving to the military authorities the
power to enforce their provisions by arrest,
by imprisonment, by punishmentof any person
resisting them, thus depriving those charged
with the commission of crime of the right of
trial by jury and the other safeguards which
the Constitution has thrown over all the citi-
zens of the country, its humblest and highest,
its best and worst. I believe there is scarcely
a single article or paragraph of the Constitution
which was not violated by the reconstruction
acts. The command of the troops who were
to put the acts into execution was taken away
from the constitutional Commander in-Chief
of the Army and Navy of the United States
and conferred upon another individual. You
can hardly put your hand on a single sentence
of these abominations, called the reconstruc-
tion acts, without encountering some violation
of the Constitution, in its letter or principle, of
the United States ; and the difficulty is to fkid
any one of its articles which they do not vio-
late. These gentlemen themselves knew these
acts to bo in violation of the Constitution.
I do not hesitate to say that the conduct of
Congress betrayed their own knowledge of the
fact that they were violating the Constitution.
Not only were the principles which they vio-
lated plain and unmistakable, but they had
been decided by the Supreme Court in the case
of Milligan and others in Indiana, the Sen-
ator's own State—and he at least must have
been familiar with it—where an attempt was
made to punish a citizen of the United States,
alleged to be guilty of crime, by a military
commission. 'J he Supreme Court delivered
him from their hands. He was condemned
to dealh by the commission. But he is still
alive, and lives in the gentleman's State.
In Milligan's case the Supreme Court of the
United States said:
" Another guarantee of freedom was broken when
Milligan was denied a trial by jury. The great
minds of the country have differed on the correct
interpretation to bo given to various provisions of
the Federal Constitution, and judicial decision has
been oi'ton invoked to settle their true meaning;
but until recently no one ever doubted that the
right ot trial by jury was fortified in the organic law
against the power of attack. It is now assailed; but
if ideas oan bo expressed bywords and language has
any meaning this right, one of the most valuable in
a tree country, is preserved to every one accused of
crime who i- not attached to the Army or Navy or
militia in actual service."—i Wallace'sSupreme Court
Jteports, page 122.
In the case of Cummings vs. The State of
Missouri the question involved was the right
of a State to pass an ex post facto law, or bill
of attainder, disqualifying citizens from "prac-
ticing particular professions and disqualifying
persons from the exercise of the right of suf-
frage ; and such an attempt was pronounced
by the Supreme Court of the United States to
he unconstitutional, null, and void.
Both of these decisions were prior to the
reconstruction acts. But after the reconstruc-
tion acts were passed the McCardle case
which arose under those acts, came up by
appeal to the Supreme Court; and what was
the conduct of the Republican party in Con-
gress ?
First an attempt was made to get the court
to dismiss the case for want of jurisdiction;
but when the Republican majority of Congress
ascertained that the court had taken jurisdic-
tion of the McCardle case they unhesitatingly
passed an act taking away the right of appeal
which theretofore had been given to people
suffering deprivation of personal liberty under
color of a law of Congress. They thus took
away the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court,
thinking they rescued their acts from condem-
nation in that way. Surely this was a most
unparalleled occurrence. If they had desired
that the first court of the land should have an
opportunity to pass upon the constitutionality
or unconstitutionality of their acts, they would
unhesitatingly have abided the decision of the
Supreme Court; but as they knew that the
Supreme Court had decided to take jurisdic-
tion, they knew from its decision in the case
of Milligan what would be the result in the
case of McCardle, and they immediately passed
a bill taking away the right of appeal, which
had been given by previous legislation. I say
this act betrays their own guilty knowledge
that they were violating the Constitution. I
do not think so meanly of the intelligence of
the Republicans in Congress as not to believe
that they knew these acts were unconstitu
tional, that they were without a vestige of
authority.
Now, if the crime committed by the south-
ern men in going into the rebellion deserved
punishment, they should have been punished
according to the Constitution. That was the
only way in which we could punish their crime
without committing on our part as great a
crime, the crime of destroying our own Gov
ernment and overthrowing our own Constitu-
tion. Sir, in overthrowing our Constitution,
in violating its saered guarantees, we com-
mitted the same crime with which we had
charged the rebels of the South and of which
they undoubtedly had been guilty.
That was my view of the case, and believing
that these acts of Congress were unconstitu-
tional, null, and void, I believe that the Pres-
ident of the United States, who was sworn to
maintain the Constitution, ought not to allow
it to be trampled under foot; that your con-
science, sir, and theconscience of the majority
in these two Houses, should not dictate to the
President what he should do in a case of this
kind. He had his own conscience to keep clear
and spotless, he had sworn an oath himself,
and I remember right well that it was not the
Democratic convention which sat in New York
two years ago that first gave utterance to this
doctrine, that the President of the United States
was bound by his oath to maintain the Consti-
tution, and not to allow it to be violated in
any way or by any body, neither by Congress
nor by his own act nor by the act of any one
else.
Mr. Jefferson, who founded the Democratic
party, held and declared this doctrine not only
as a matter of theory, but he acted upon it on
a memorable occasion when President of the
United States. I prefer to quote his own lan-
guage. In a letter to Mr. Adams, dated 11th
of September, 1804, he says:
" You seem to think it devolved on the judges to
decide on the validity of the sedition law. But
nothing in the Constitution has given them a right
to decide for the Executive, more than to the Execu-
tive to decide for them. Both magistracies are
equally independent in the sphere of action assigned
to them."
And again, in a letter to George Hay, dated
Washington, June 2, 1807, in reference to the
action of the Executive on the sedition act,
he says:
" The judges determined thesedition aetwasvalid
undor the Constitution." ****«« jjuj
the Executive determined that the sedition act was
a nullity under the Constitution, and exercised his
regular power of prohibiting the execution of the
sentence."
General Jackson was equally explicit, both
in the declaration of the principle and its ex-
emplification in his official action. In his pro-
test against the resolution of censure adopted
by the Senate, December 26, 1833, he says :
" Each of the three great departments is independ-
ent of the other in its sphere of action, and when it
deviates from that sphere is not responsible to the
others farther than it is especially made so in the
Constitution. In every other respect each of them
is the coequal of the other two, and all are the ser-
vants of the American people, without power or
right to control or censure each other in the service
of their common superiors save only in the man-
ner and to the degree which that superior has pre-
scribed."
In the bank veto, July 10, 1832, are' these
words
"The Congress, the Executive, and the court must
each for itself be guided by its own opinion of the
Constitution. Each publieofiicer who takes an oath
to support the Constitution sweats that he will sup-
port it as he understands it, and not as it is under-
stood by others."
And this construction of the Constitution, so
manifestly true, so far from being revolution-
ary, is demonstrated by recent events to be
essential to secure the people in the enjoyment
of their rights and protect them from usurp-
ation by Congress, the strongest and least
responsible and most dangerous department of
the Government. We have seen this body not
only denying representation to the people of
eleven States, but foisting governments upon
those States and putting its own creatures into
the Halls of Congress as Representatives of
those States, merely to strengthen the hands
of the dominant party. Thus reenforced, it
was enabled to override the President's veto
and to withdraw from the courts all power to
revise its action. Coercing the President to
execute its behests by the fear of impeach-
ment, its power has been unlimited. In this
way it has carried out reconstruction acts and
constitutional amendments, and intends to per
petuate its power in defiance of the popular
will.
The danger which now menaces the liber-
ties of the people could never have occurred
if by refusing to execute its revolutionary pro-
gramme the people could have been called on
to decide'between the Congress and the Presi-
dent. There would have been no delay by ad-
journing the question over for the popular
umpirage in the settlement of the questions at
issue, and the only difference would be that
the questions would have been fairly presented
to and decided by the proper tribunal, with
no possible danger to the public peace in the
mean time.
This view proceeds upon and accords with
the theory that the people—not the Congress,
or the President, or the courts—are to govern.
Radicalism proceeds upon the reverse of this.
None of the measures of reconstruction, so
called, would have been adopted if they had
been submitted to the people in this manner.
They have been forced in, seriatim, by fraud,
by denying persistently that it was the purpose
to impose such measures upon the country,
and using the power obtained by such denials
to press upon the country the very measures
disavowed before the people. The constitu-
tional amendments have been obtained by
coercion in the South, and in defiance of the
known will of the people of the North.
This, sir, is simply and without any conceal-
ment my view of the theory of onr Govern-
ment. That Congress has been usurping the
powers which belong to the President and to
the other coordinate branches of the Govern-
ment! have not a particle of doubt. The
overwhelming majority obtained by the Repub-
licans in Congress during the rebellion and
afterward, by bringing unauthorized persons
into Congress to increase that majority, has
sent them headlong upon their career; and
they have been and are grasping atevery power
which was jjlaced by ourancestors in the hands
of the President and the courts. Our fathers
defined and divided the powers of the Govern-
ment, to prevent ail power being grasped and
concentrated in the hands of any one of the dif-
ferent branches of Government. I believe that
the reckless legislation of which the Iiepub-
lican party have been guilty are flagitious viola-
