1550
" ' A
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
sin, [Mr. Sawyee.] He never would have had
any consequence here or elsewhere if it had
hot been for his connection with the lumber
business. Does bethink that lumbermen ought
not to have their interest protected as well as
others? Should navigation be made easy for
all 01 hers and not for them ? Why, jt was in
that business that the gentleman accumulated
his own large fortune, and that business is as
neeessary arid conducive to the welfare ofthe
country as any of the great varieties'of trade
and commerce in cotton, wool, wheat, corn,
tobacco, and whisky. - And why are not my
constituents as much entitled to the fostering
care of the Government as those who trans-
port their commodities in the flat-boats of the
West and South?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POLAND. I desire to say a word in
favor of this amendment. The Connecticut
river is much the largest of any of our New
England rivers. About the sources of the Con-
necticut rivpr, in thenorthern part of Vermont
and the northern part of New Hampshire, and
across the line in Canada, where the Connec-
ticut river rises, there is a large lumbering
region, and that lumber must, in the course of
time, find its way to market. It should find its
way to market at New York and New Haven.
If we are obliged to send by the railroad it goes
to Portland, where there is not so good amar-
ket for this lumber. It is like carrying coals
to Newcastle. -It is of the highest import-
ance, therefore, to improve the'navigation of
that river. As has been stated by my friend
from New Hampshire, in order that the people
up there may have the use of the Connecticut
river, it is necessary that it should be made
navigable.
It was suggested by the acting chairman of
the Committee on Commerce, who is, man-
aging this bill, [Mr. Sawyer,] that rivers are
not to be improved for any commerce which
goes over them unless it goes in boats. I am
not aware of any principle of law or propriety
which would prevent Congress from improving
a river for the commerce which goes over it in
some other form than by boat. The amount
asked by this amendment is very small. It
has been recommended by the chief engineer
of the Government, and 1 have no doubt that
the amendment would have been adopted by
the committee and the appropriation put in
the bill if the matter bad been presented in the
proper time. J understand that my friend from
New Hampshire [Mr. Benton] only called up
the subject this morning when the report came
in from the Department, and that the com-
mittee did notallowit because they.already had
perfected their bill.
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to increase
This amendment for the benefit of the fish.
[Laughter.] If we are to improve the navi-
gation of rivers for the mere purpose of run-
ning logs and lumber, why should we not do
it that the salmon may have freer course ,in
the stream ? Upon the principle of this bill, I
do not see why we should not appropriate
money for taking care of the fish. We have
already appropriated money at St. Anthony
and elsewhere so that logs and lumber may
be got out. I understand the only commerce
upon this Connecticut river for which this
improvement is asked is the running of logs
and lumber.
Mr. BENTON rose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman and
I are on the same side. [Laughter.]
Mr. BEN I ON. Is the gentleman in favor
of the amendment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am decidedly in
' favor of it. If we appropriate money for run-
ning logs in other States I do not see why we
should refuse to do it for the people of New
Hampshire and Vermont? This river is cer-
tainly within the constitutional provision, for
it facilitates commerce among the States. It
divides the two States of New Hampshire and
Connecticut. Therefore the fish should have
a chance to run.. •
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. This proposed appropriation is not for
the improvement of a navigable river, but
to give improved facilities for log-driving
and rafting lumber. There never, within my
knowledge, has been an appropriation for that
purpose, and I think there never ,should be.
This is a mere private or local matter, to ben-
efit persons and localities interested*in the lum-
ber business. It seems to me that the only
principle on which we should appropriate
money out of the national Treasury for river
and harbor improvements is for the improve-
ment of such rivers and harbors as can accom-
modate the commerce of the whole country,
and that where the benefits are only local the
expense should be met by the locality in which
the improvements are to be made. I object
altogether to making appropriations out of the
national Treasury for clearing out .streams for
driving and rafting lumber, or for improving
falls over which lumber is to be driven.
Mr. BENTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. LYNCH. Certainly.
Mr. BEN TON. Does the gentleman not
know that this river is altogether more import-
ant than any river within the State of Maine?
Mr. LYNCH. I do not know any such
thing. But 1 know the locality where it is pro-
posed that this improvement shall be made,
and I say to this House that the improvement
which is sought by the amendment proposed
by the gentleman trom New'Hampshire is not
for the purpose of navigation, but for the pur-
pose of log-driving and lumber-rafting. And
the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Benton] knows that very well.
Mr. BENTON. Will the gentleman yield
to me for one further question.
Mr. LYNCH. Certainly.
Mr. BENTON. I am perfectly aware that
the gentleman is located in Portland and en-
gaged in the lumber trade. He therefore
wants the lumber to go down by railway to
Portland. But, Mr. Speaker, for us to send
our lumber to Portland would be like sending
coals to Newcastle, sending it where there is
no market.
Mr. LYNCH. Let me tell my friend from
New Hampshire that, as an owner of timber
lands on the head-waters of the Connecticut,
I have a personal interest in having his amend-
ment prevail and none whatever against it.
But I do not think it right or proper for me,
acting as a Representative of the people, to
vote money out of the Treasury for private
purposes, or for improvements which have no
national character, matters which are purely
local; I feel it to be my duty in acting upon
these matters to give the House whatever in-
formation I may have in regard to them. I
was consulted by the engineer who" was to
make the survey to know where this place was.
He said, jokingly, he had written to a number
of gentlemen, in New Hampshire, and they
could not tell him where it was. One of them
said he thought it was a good place to go fish-
ing, and he had better come up and he would
go with him.
I do not think the gentleman from New
Hampshire himself will assert that this is to
improve the river for the navigation of vessels.
It is, as the gentleman from New Hampshire
and as the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] have stated, to improve a river for
running logs and lumber; and I believe such
an appropriation has never been made out of
the national Treasury, and I hope none such
will ever be.
Mr. BENTON. By this bill $138,000 are
recommended to be appropriated, and no doubt
will be voted to the State of Maine. Now, I
would like to know what river there is in the
State of Maine which is the channel of any
sort of commerce like this one.
Mr. LYNCH. I wi'.l reply to the gentleman.
There is not, so far as I know, a river in the
State of Maine for which an_ appropriation is
made in this bill which cannot be navigated by
ocean vessels designed for foreign commerce.
If there is any such, I ask any gentleman to
point it out and I will vote against it. But
we are asked hereby the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Benton] to improve some
falls on the ufiper Connecticut river for the
purpose of driving lumber. I must vote against
it, because I believe it not a proper object for
which to appropriate money out of the national
Treasury.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. POLAND. I renew it. I think, Mr.
Speaker, it is a little ungracious for ray friend
from Portland to require that all the lumber
that is carried to market from arouud the
sources of the Connecticut river, which is a
very large portion of the lumber in New Eng-
land that is carried to market at all, should
all be carried to his town of Portland. I can
understand very well why he should want to
carry this immense amount of lumber which
goes to market over the railroad to Portland,
where there is no market, to be transported to
where there is a market for it.
Mr. LYNCH. Will my friend allow me to
ask him a single question?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. LYNCH. I want to ask the gentle-
man from Vermont whether this is for the
improvement of a river that is navigable for
vessels ?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly, certainly.
Mr. LYiS'CH. What class of vessels?
Mr. POLAND. My excellent friend says
he never heard of the Fifteen Mile falls of the
Connecticut river.
Mr. LYNCH. Oh, no; I never said any-
thing of the kind.
Mr. POLAND. He said he had heard that
it was a good place to go fishing.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman will allow
me to correct him. I did not say anything of
the kind. I said that the engineer was trying
to find these falls and he could not; that lie
wrote to a number of New Hampshire gentle-
men, and they could not tell him where they
were, till oue gentleman wrote that it was a
good place to go fishing, and that he had
better go up and see it.
Mr. POLAND. I do not know where my
friend got his information as to what the
engineer said.
Mr. LYNCH. From the engineer himself.
Mr. POLANE), Almost every one in New
England knows lhe Fifteen Mile falls of the
Connecticut river. Now, a portion of that
river is navigable for boats of almost any size.
Above the Fifteen Mile falls, for at least fifty
miles, steamboats may navigate the Connecti-
cut river, but here, at this point, are rapids for
some fifteen miles. Now, I agree that we do not
expect to have that part of the river made so
that steamboats can go up and down the F:1 teen
Mile falls, or rapids, but I do not know upon
what principle it is that we have not a right to
lay out money for the purpose of improving
a river so that commerce may get over it,
although it may go in some other form than
in boats. If it is of sufficient importance, or
if a large enongh number of persons are inter-
ested in it, I know of no reason why it is not
perfectly proper for us to appropriate money
in aid of commerce of that character.
Mr. WILKINSON. Do logs run down this
river?
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir; and we desire to
improve it so that we can carry down manu-
factured lumber, and that we shall not be
obliged to run it in logs.
Now, one thing further, and that is all I have
to say. I protest against the amendment being
damaged by the pretended support of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Fakkswobth.]
