1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
41st Gong....3d
Income Tax—Mr. Morgan.
Ho. 03? Reps.
tions of the Constitution;, and in it the gentle-
man has been a leader, though he did not
begin early to lead in this direction. He began,
if I am not mistaken, with the same views of
reconstruction as those now held by the Dem-
ocratic party. But having been converted to
this doctrine, he has out Heroded Herod, and,
with the proverbial zeal of a new convert has
gone further than any one else, and s:gnalized
himself by the boldness and audacity of his
assaults upon the Constitution. What is there
in our Government now that we can recognize
as the Government which descended to us from
our fathers? I remember reading one of the
first contested-election cases which occurred
in Congress. It was the case of Mr. Preston,
of western Virginia, and he was expelled from
his seat because his brother marched a com-
pany of troops through the streets of the town
on the day of the election, such was the
jealousy with which even the appearance of
employing force in our elections was regarded
by our ancestors. Now an election is not
valid unless it is superintended by the bayo
nets of the regular Army. Our Army moves
wherever there is an election. They no
longer make war upon the camps of the ene-
mies of the Government, but they make war
upon the political opponents of the Adminis-
tration, and charge upon the ballot-boxes and
the polls.
Mr. President, I was perfectly well aware
that this practice, although it commenced at
the South, would not end there. The party in
power commenced using the bayonet to setup
the carpet-baggers in the souihern States, in
the reconstructed States. Although those
States were at peace, and desired peace more
than any other part of our country, still they
were not allowed to hold an election without
the presence of the Army. I knew very well
that when the Republican party had accus
tomed the people of this country to hold elec-
tions under the superintendence of military
officers and armed troops it would not be a
great while before the "political necessity " of
the party would extend that practice into the
northern States; and from having originated
in the South, in those States which had been
in rebellion, it has recently gone into the States
which furnished the most powerful aid and
the largest nnmber of men to overthrow the
rebellion.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator whether
he regards the fifteenth amendment as having
been adopted, and as now being a part of the
fundamental law of the land?
Mr. BLAIR. I should think the gentleman
ought to have got my opinion of the fifteenth
amendment by this time. [Laughter.] I
think that the ratification of my own State, for
instance, was in legal form, although that rat-
ification was obtained by the most infamous
perfidy. General Grant carried the State of
Missouri by twenty-five thousand majority, and
at the same election the ne gro suffrage amend-
ment to the Constitution was voted down by
thirty thousand majority, and not one half of
the people of Missouri were allowed to vote.
The majority in the State of Missouri against
that amendment was known to the Senators
who sat upon this floor and the Representatives
who sat in the other House to be probably two
thirds of the entire population of the State ;
and yet, without any sort of consideration or
regard for the will of that immense and over-
whelming majority, the Senators and Repre-
sentatives of the Stateand the members of the
Legislature hurried to give effect and vitality
to this fifteenth amendment.
The very gentlemen who claim that the
ballot is necessary to protect the negio, -who
attach such immense importance to the ballot,
when the ballot has been cxercised by their
own constituents adverse to their wishes and
party interests, disregard it as if it were no
more than waste paper. That shows the real
opinion of those gentlemen in regard to the
suffrage. How much protection did the suf-
frage afford the people of Missouri, Ohio,
Kansas, Michigan, New York, Connecticut,
and the other northern States also, that voted
by immense majorities against negro suffrage,
against the perfidy and misrepresentation of
their Representatives in Congress and the State
Legislatures which has saddled them with the
fifteenth amendment, and which the Senator
from Indiana well says became a " political
necessity" to his party at this crisis?
I have enumerated a'ready other States, and
I do not wish to call the roll again to show
the gentleman from Indiana what my opinion
of the adoption of the fifteenth amendment is.
I do not controvert the fact that even tbe fraud
which was successfully practiced in his own
State has been placed beyond the reach of any
other correction than the rebuke administered
by the people in the election of a Democratic
Legislature, whose resolutions are now under
consideration, placing its perpetrators in the
pillory of public opinion, and depriving us of
the Senator's services as minister to the Court
of St. James. This act has probably reached
a point, where it cannot now, according to the
rules of law, be investigated; but I wish t,o be
understood as saying that the people of this
country have a right to hold those who have
perpetrated these infamies to responsibility.
Some have already received their punishment
in Indiana, and the sound of retribution has
reached and startled others.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator will_allow me
to say that his answer is not explicit. His
argument is that certain States improperly
ratified it; but the question was whether he
regards the adoption of the amendment as
complete and the amendment as being now a
part of the law of the land?
Mr. BLAIR. I shall endeavor to be suffi-
ciently explicit. I do regard it as complete.
I do regard it as a part of the law of the land.
I have never held any other doctrine in regard
to it. On the other hand, I did not and do
not now regard the reconstruction measures
passed by Congress as any part of the law of
the land, and if I had been in a position of
power where I was called upon to act upon
those so called laws I should have acted out
my convictions, let the consequences have
been what they might. I never did believe
that they were constitutional. I think now,
although these laws have done their work in
subverting the legal governments of the south-
ern States, yet there is a perfectly constitu-
tional mode by which this could be repaired
if we had an Executive who regarded the
duties imposed on him by his office. It is
only necessary now to withdraw the Army
from the South, where it is employed in driv-
ing voters from the polls and carrying the
elections against a majority of the legal voters
in those States, and the people will resume
their rightful authority.
This would be the way in which I would
carry out the "Brodhead letter," of which
so much has been said. The suggestion it
contains that -'the Army should be compelled
to undo its usurpations" and disperse the
carpet-bag governments," which has^ created
such clamor, would be accomplished in a per-
fectly peaceful manner, in strict accordance
with the duty of the President under the
Constitution, by the simple act of withdraw-
ing the soldiers of the United States from
the South ; the carpet bag governments would
then quietly disperse themselves with the booty
they have already secured, and the people
would be at peace. Thus, by the application
of the Executive power, and in strict accord-
ance with his sworn duty, the restoration of
the right of self government might be promptly
and completely accomplished.
Income Tax.
SPEECH OF HON. G. W. MORGAN,
of ohio,
In the House op Representatives,
February 14, 1871.
Tho House, by previous order, having met as in
Committee of the Whole for debate—
Mr. MORGAN said :
Mr. Speaker : The Federal Government was
created by the people of the States, through
their delegates in Convention, for the mutual
benefit of all in their confederate relations,
and it is right that, the citizens of the Stales
should, in proportion to their fortunes, con-
tribute to the support of the Government. I
am free to admit that the subject of taxation
is one of the most difficult with which the
statesman ba.8 to deal. From tbe earliest his-
tory of our country two opposing principles
have been in conflict. The Democrats have
always claimed that the true basis of laxalion
is capital, while the Federalists of the school
of Hamilton, who, under the guise of Repub-
licanism, stole into power ten years ago, have
always when in power compelled labor in-
stead of capital to bear the burdens of taxa-
tion. _ _ -
It, would be oppressive and unjust to impose
a sufficient tax upon the industries of New
England to defray the expenditures of tbe
General Government., which alike protects
the States of the center, south, and west,. If
unjust to do so as to New England States,
it would not be less so as to the States of the
west, the center, or the south. Yet, we are
told by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
that during the current fiscal year the people
of five States will pay two thirds of the revenue
raised by internal taxation.
During the last session of Congress, in the
course of a night's debate like the present,
when standing where 1 now stand, and hold-
ing in my hand as I now do the report, of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, the House
seemed surprised when I declared that Ohio
pairl one and a half millions more taxes than
all the New England States together, although
the real and personal property of Massachu-
setts alone were wordi $75,000,000 more than
all the property owned in Ohio. An honor-
able gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Bexton",] not now in his seat, demanded the
authority upon which I made such a statement,
and 1 referred him to the page and the figures
on the page in the official report I have named.
The mask torn off, the proof made clear that
the New England States compel Ohio and other
agricultural States to pay their own proportion
of the internal revenue and to bear the addi-
tional burden of a tariff tax for the benefit of
New England monopolists, the Federalists on
this floor, following in the footsteps of their
great progenitor, Alexander Hamilton, now
unblushingly justify what they would_ have
been glad to have denied. But, sir, if it was
unjust to make Ohio in 1869 pay one and a
half millions more internal revenue tax than
the six New England States, and in 1S70 more
than three millions more than all these States,
what language can describe the outrage now
proposed to be enforced against Ohio, and
indeed against the entire States of the West
and the South, by the bill which is set for
to-morrow.
During the canvass of last year leading
friends of the Administration traversed the
