1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
725
diers to the disabled soldiers and sailors of the
■war of 1812 and the Mexican war was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs,
Hie bill (H. R. No. 2689) making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June DO, 1872, and for other purposes, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The bill (H. 11. No. 2700) for the relief of
William W. Speirs, late assistant surgeon Uni-
ted States Army, and the bill (H. R. No. 2865)
to provide for the sale of the United States
military reservations of Fort Kearney and
Rush Valley, were read twice by their titles,
and referred ts the Committee on Military
.A. fJ 3, ! rs
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator would
allow me a few minutes' time to make a state-
ment and pass a little bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. To pass
a bill?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I do not
give way for that purpose. I insist on my
motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I think if the Senator
will hear me he will agree to wait a moment
before pushing his motion.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Very well;
I will hear what the Senator has to say.
Mr. CAMERON. At the close of the last
session of Congress I got up a little bill to
relieve an honest man from a liability im-
posed upon him by no act of his own. The
bill had passed the other House and had been
approved by the proper Department, and we
were about to pass it when the hand of yonder
clock reached the proper hour for adjourn-
ment. One moment more would have allowed
the passage of the bill ; for there was no oppo-
sition to it. This session is now drawing to
its close, and I appeal to the Senate to take
up that bill. It is a bill for the relief of Mr.
Biigham, postmaster at Franklin, Pennsylva-
nia; and I will state the facts.
Mr. Brigham was postmaster at the town of
Franklin, and was directed by the Treasury
Department to deposit the money received by
him in a particular bank, which was a Govern-
ment depository. In the course of time the
bank broke, at the time of the great Culver
failure, and the Government lost $2,500. The
Treasury Department have absolved Mr. Brig-
ham from all wrong and have, refcommended
that he shall be released; but "his bail are still
held in the sum of $2,500. The bill is to re-
lieve that, responsibility. It is on the Calendar,
and would have passed at the last session if
the time of adjournment had been delayed one
moment longer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
informs the Chair that he-is not able to find
the bill to which the Senator refers.
Mr. CAMERON. I send up the Calendar
containing the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
informs the Chair that the bill alluded to by
the Senator from Pennsylvania has passed.-
Mr. CAMERON. I am very glad to hear it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill to which
the Secretary understands the Senator torefer,
for the relief of Qnackenbush, has passed.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I renew
my motion-
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will with-
draw the motion for a moment, I should like
verv much to have a short executive session.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Very well.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after five
minutes spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate (at four o'clock
and twenty-five minutes p. m,) ac^'onmed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 25, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on the Public Lands
a bill extending the provisions of the agricul-
tural colleges aet to the State of Mississippi,
with a view to put it upon its passage. It is
a bill of great importance, and one to which
I am sure no gentleman will object.
The bill was read.
_Mr. JULIAN. It is the ordinary bill for
this purpose.
Mr. NEGLEY. I object.
Mr. JULIAN. It will take but a moment.
There can be no objection to the bill. *
Mr. NEGLEY. I insist upon the regular
order.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. NIBLACK, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2860)
making appropriations for the construction,
preservation, and repair of certain fortifica-
tions and other works of defense for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1871; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit1
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
ordered to be printed, and made a special
order for Tuesday next .after the morning
hour.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to reserve all
points of order on that bill.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. NEGLEY. I now insist on the regular
order.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Pennsylvania allow me to
make a report from the Committee of Ways
and Means?
Mr. NEGLEY. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
.The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania cannot withdraw his call for the
regular order in that way; he must withdraw
it absolutely. He cannot parcel out the floor.
Mr. NEGLEY. Then I withdraw it abso-
lutely.
TARIFF LAW.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee of Ways atid Means, reported back
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 460) declara-
tory of the meaning of the twenty-sixth section
of an act entitled "An act to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes," approved Juty
14, 1870 with the amendments of" the Senate
thereto.
The amendments of the Senate, which were
read, were in line four, after the word "on,"
to insert the words " or before in line five
to strike out the word "was; " in line six to
strike out the words "on that day;'' and at
the end of the resolution to insert the following:
And be it further resolved, That tlie said aet is
hereby further amended by inserting the word
"herein," in the twenty-first section thereof, between
the words "otherwise" and " provided," wherever
the said words oeeur together ill the said section;
and this amendment shall take effect from and alter
January 1,1S7X.
So that, if amended, the joint resolution
would read:
That all foreign merchandise which arrived at a
port of thcUnited States on or before the 31st day of
December, 1870, and not entered or transferred to a
public store or bonded warehouse, shall be entitled
to the benefits of the twenty-sixth section of in act
entitled "An net to reduce internal twees, and tor
other purposes," approved July 14, 1870, the same
as such merchandise would have been entitled to
had it actually been in public store or bonded ware-
house on or prior to the 31st day of December, 18i0.
Provided, That the owner of such merchandise shall,
within thirty days from tho passage of this resolu-
tion, make application therefor m writing to the col-
lector of the port at which such merchandise arrived.
Amend the title by striking eut the words 'twenty-
sixth section of an."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee of^Ways and Means recommend a con-,
curreuce in these amendments.
The amendments of the Senate wera con1
curred in.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendments
of the Senate were concurred in; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JURISDICTION OF COURTS.
Mr, BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, from-the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back House bill No. 2286,
regulating the jurisdiction of courts in certain
cases, and moved that the same be recommit-
ted to the committee, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
SAULT 8TB. MARIE CAN At.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2861) to provide for
continuing the work on the Sault Ste. Marie
canal during the present winter, and making
an appropriation therefor; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
BENJAMIN L. BRITTAN.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on the
Judiciary the memorial of Benjamin L. Brit-
tan, of Arkansas, for relief, and moved that
the committee be discharged from its further
consideration, and that the memorial be re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
PRACTICE SHIPS AT ANNAPOLIS.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
presented a letter from the Secretary of the
Navy, recommending that he be authorized to
enlist three hundred men to constitute the
crews of the practice ships at Annapolis:
which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
ISABELLA FAG AN.
Mr. STILES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2862) granting a pen-
sion to Isabella Fagan, widow of Thomas
Fagan, late a private of the sixth infantry
of the United States Army; which was read
a first aud second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
JOHN 31. LAMB.
Mr. STILES, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2803) for the
relief of John M. Lamb; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
MARGARET LEE!.
Mr. PECK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2864) granting a pen-
sion to Margaret Lee; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill.
Mr. NEGLEY. I withdraw my objection to
the bill of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Julian,] it having been explained to me.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. Let us have the regular
order.
Mr. ARNELL. I desire to make a privi-
leged report from the Committee on Education
and Labor, under a resolution which I ask the
Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Forty-First Coxgress, Second SesSi'os,
CoXGKESS OP MB Uxif ED ST.1TE3,
Is THE liOUriii Oi' KkPRKSKSTATTVKS,
Frbttiaiy 12. 1870.
On motion of Mr.Mavnard,
Resolved, That the Committee on .Education and
Labor be, and they are hereby, instructed to inquire
into the method of investing the funds arising li om
the land scrip granted t5 the State of Tennessee by
