1552
TAB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Bel river, and from this point dofrci the Wabash is,
in fact, a navigable stream.
Sand-bars and timber barifed mider {he same*be-
come frequent here, bo niUch So that it is almost
impossible lo note and calculate the contents of
each one separately. It will have to suffice to fcnen-
tiou especially only the larger deposits of sratid or
gravel, the remainder to be counted by the lump.
Opposite the city of Logansport is a large sand-
bar to remove which will cost <1 0CM> feet long,,100
feet wide, and 3 feet thick—11,000 cubic yards, at 50
cents per cubic yard,) $5,500.
_ A bar of less dimensions is about H tmle# BbloW
Portland; (800 feet long, 75 feet wid%, &nd 3- Feet
thick—2,222 cubic yards, at 50 cents jpermibfd ydfrd;)
83333. • '
AH the other sand-barg between "IfdgstoSport and
Terre H iute are of bucB nature that itis impossible
to gue&s eveA their contents, and cktt Easily betaken
but by a steam dredging-macbine, probably in two
months, at the rate of &s8. per day, including hire
of machine and hands. $1,400. and would clean the
channel from Logansport to Terre Haute after the
logs (snags) have been chopped, rolled, and barged,
or otherwise put out of the way, at an eiftensd of
about $3,500.
Tbere are two dams between Logansport and La-
fayette, and, consequently, two ItfckS Will hdVe to be
©reeled on that distance, at 1f9O,0$O each, or, in the
aggregate. $100,000. .The bridges on this part of the
river are higherthaii tfrose above Logansport, and
some have draws.
From Xerre Haute downward the river makes many
bends, and often very short turns, in tfhrch snags
and sand-bars have accumulated to such an amount
that it will take hundreds of men and horses for
months to remove them, and itis pretty tfell impos-
sible to accurately estimate the cost thereof. I am
safe, however, in saying that it will not, on the
route from Terre Haute to Vineennes, cost less than
$15,000.
Some of the bends in the river below Terre Haute
are so narrow that the accumulation of floating
timber and of sand is unavoidable, and a cut off in
several places is deemed the cheapest, because the
most lasting, improvement, Ssch a cut off, for in-
stance, ought to be made at Sugar creek bend? in
section 32, township 12 north, of range 9 west, im-
mediately south of the city of TerreHaute. The
gjime would cost, (175 rods long. 10 feet deep, and
(100+130)-*-2feet wide, 122,964 cubic yards, at 75 cents
per cubic yard,) $102,223.
A lew miles below Sugar creek bend is a large
deposit of sand, known as Mtisgrove bar, to remote
Which will cost. (200 yards long, 35yards^ Wide, arid 1
yard deep, 7,000 cubic yard£, 50 cents per cubic
yard,) &*,500,
About 300 rods below thrs bar'there is a great deal
of drilt heaped up, the removal of which, by chop-
ping, rolhng, and burning, is included iu the above
item ol $15,000for men, horses. &c.
Some lourteen miles below Terre Haute is Au-
rora bend, abouE two and one half miles in length,
with a ripple about one half mile long, which should
be cut off, the course of the water straightened, the
fall increased, and the accumulation of drifts pre-
vented. This would take excavation of &£> yards
long, (103+130)-5-2 yards wide, and 3J ycirds deep,
(105,302 cubic yards, at 75 cetits per cubic yard)
$78,621 50.
There are two very narrow bends within five miles
of each other in township 8 north, range 11 west,
about 120 rods long each. The one known as Forks's
cut-off needs only widening of the\ftew Channel
Already in existence; tbe other, Hacbbury bend, is
full of drift-wood, and will have to be kept 61ear of
it all the tjme, at an annual expense ofhtfndreds'of
dollars, if it be not cut off, whitsfo, together tfifeh the
widening of the foregoing cut-off, ■&&&&&()
would cost about $100,000.
From hero on downward the dredging-machine
and axes will find application, the bed being nearly
fitte > with &>and and logs.
Iu sections 6 and 7, township & north, range 10
west, the river has formed a new channel, cutting
off Horseshoe bend. This new channel wants widen-
ing and clearing of the drift heaped up in it, at an
expense of about $35,000.
At Poiute Couple, or Oak station, the river bed is
filled with logs, and thence dtffrn stream are many
smaller and larger deposits of sand. A little below
Viucennes especially, is a large sand-bar, the re-
moval of which will cost $3,-500.
Anibrough's bend, in sections 23 and 23, township
2 north, range 11 west, ami about ten miles below,
might be cut off, but may do as well if the logs and
sand heaped up in the same be removed and a wing-
dam built of the following dimensions: 3(H) feet long,
(4+12)4-2 feet wide, and 4feet high, 355 cubic yards,
winch will cost, at the rate of $2 50 per cubic yard,
$887 50. The taking out of the timber and sand at
this point will cost about $500.
Within tour miles above the mouth of White river
the bed of the Wabash is obstructed by what is called
the Little rock, which should be blasted, at an ex-
pense of $1,500. About H miles below the Little
rock begin the Graud rapids, about I of a mile
long. The rocks forming the rapids cannot be re-
moved without disturbing the proportion of descent
of the river, to the greatdamage of navigation. A
lock was therelore built, by means of which boats
are raised above the rapids. This lock has a* rise
of about 12 feet. The samehas originally been built
at a cost of $70,000, but was toft light for this place,
and therefore is now so defective that repairs" are
attempted iu vain, and nothing short<rf a now lo&k
will remedy the evil. To build a substantial, last-
ing lock of the proper dimensions vtftf ntffr&a# less
than $125,000.
Otypc&tetHfeWoutli bf White river is a sand-bar
nearly a mile in length, the removal of which will
0ogt (1,600-yards long, 15yardswide,andlyard thick.
24,0u0 cubic yards, at 50 cents per cubic yard) $12,000.
Six mtfeafbfcftw the mouth of the White river, at
Coffee Islands, I propose a wiBg-dam to be built,250
feet long, (4+12;-*-2 wide and 4 feet high, 296 cubic
yards,-at $2'50 per cubic yard, $730.
Trow & good water all along below the moiith of
White river, and if the drift-wood and the sand
gathered between the same be taken out, there will
be no more obstruction to navigation. The taking
•&at of the drift-wood and sand on the distance from
New Carmel to Graysville will cost about$3-,503.
Opposite Graysville the river makes a deep bend
about three miles long, which might „oe cut o.ff by-a
new channel of not more than 200 rods in length, the
whole cost af which would not exceed #115,000.
Opposite Ohainvillo the bed of the river is ob-
structed by rocks. which could easily be taken out
at an expense of $2,500.
An old wing-dam near this point is entirely broken
down and needs repairing. It is 250 feet long,
(4fl2)-s-2 wide, and 4 feet high, 296 cubic yards, at
$2 50 per cubic yard, $740.
At this point the river has a strong current to the
West. To prevent the destruction ot the right bank
of the river, and to keep the water in a good chan-
nel, a wall of riprap has besfen built years ago, but
having been erected on a cheap plan, it has not
lasted long and now needs rebuilding. This wall
should be 500 rods long, 8 to 10 f6et high, 8 feet wide
at the base, and 4 feet wide at the top, and will cost
(16.500 cubic yards riprap, at $1 50 per cubic yard)
§24.750.
Anout fo'nr fend a half miles below this point
aniother wing-dam is necessary. It will cost (200
feet long, (4+12.H-2 wide, and 4 feet high, 274 cubic
yards, at SI 50 per cubic yard) $411. Two miles fur-
ther down is Black cut-off, about one tnile long,
which is now the main chanuel; the old bed, making
a large bend westward, being grown up with wil-
lows. This new Channel at its northern end needs
widening and clearing of logs and sand throughout
its whole length.. This will cost about $3,500.
The last .beutL the river makes before it empties
iri o' the Ohio a very large one, measuring over
seven miles in length, all filled up with sand-bars
and drift-wood. This length could be reduced to a
mileand a half by cutting a new channel. This new
channel wpuld cost (7,900 feet long, (IOD+130)-*-2 feet
wide, and 10 feet deep, 336,481 cubic yards, at 75
cents per cubic yard) $252,360 75.
' The dredging: of the river from Vincennes to its
mouth, by two steam dredges, will take two mOnthJ,
atf?28 each day, and will cost $1,400. 4
An accurate survey of the whole river may here
and there cause little changes in rfiy estimates, but
on the Whole I thins tfie improvements recom-
mended by me are necessary and will cost the
amounts above stated.
A thorough survey of the river will cost about
$15,000. So that the whole improvement of the
nver, including $25,000 lor contingent expenses, will
amount to $1,163,253 25. In this of course the value
of the lands which will have to be appropriated for
the purpose of making the proposed cuts is not in-
cluded and I have no time to ascertain the price
of lands in that part of the country.
I am, sir, very respectfully.your obedientservant,
FR. STBIN,
Major Wbitzbl,
Corps of Engineers, Louisville, Kentucky,
This report of General Weitzel was trans-
mitted to this House by the Secretary of War,
with the following recommendation of Briga-
dier General A. A. Humphreys, chief of engin-
of the ArrSy, dated February 4, 1871:
" Sib : In addition to reports already submitted of
examinations and surveys made in compliance with
the requirements of the second section of the act of
July 11, 1870, nfokin'g appropriations for rivers and
harbors, I herewith transmit copies of reports of
examinations authorized by the same act at the
following places, with a view to their improvement,
namely:
" Wabaik river, from its mouth to the town of Wabash,
Indiana.—This and the following examinations were
made under the direction of Major G. Weitzel, corps
of Engineers. He urges the improvement of the river
as far as La Fayette, and with a view to this recom-
mends that the sum of $15,000 be appropriated for
the purpose of making a careful survey, from which
to determine upon the best plan of improvement,
lie estimates the rebuilding of the lock at Grand
Rapids at $125,000, and suggests that, as this must
form partot any plan of improvement adopted for
the river, it might be begun at once."
The Wabash river drains a large portion of
our western country. As the report which
has been referred to states, it is the most im-
portant northern tributary of the Ohio river.
It is for two hundred miles the boundary
between the States of Illinois and Indiana,
"and could be made navigable for five hundred
mites from its motith. It is at least six hun-
dred yards wide at the mouth, and has the
same width for a long distance ap the stream.
White WS #re making appropriations ftri* small
streams all over the coitrtry, it seems, to me
that an important river like this, the boundary
Hire between two gretft States, and which with
a small expenditure can be made navigable at
all seasons, ought to have received some con-
sideration at the hands of the Committee of
Commerce.
I find riiat in this bill only $150,000 has been
appropriated for the State of Illinois, and
$50,000 of that for a stream almost unknown
to the people of the State, and all of it for
the city of Chicago, and a very small amount,
possibly not a single dollar, to the State of
Indiana. These two great States are Inter-
ested in the improvement of this river ; and
if appropriations are to be made from the
Treasury of tie United States to carry on
improvements all over the country, it is but
just that this improvement should be made.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONGER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and ask a vote.
Ou agreeing to the amendment tbere were-*-
ayes 84, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered 5 and Mr. Orebs and
Mr. Conger were appointed.
The House divided ; aird the tellers report'
ed—ayes 66, noes 69.
Mr. CREBS. I call for the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes 21, noes 101.
Mr. CRISES. I call for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend by
inserting the following:
For the examination and survev of the "Wabash
river from its mouth to the city of La Fayette, in the
State of Indiana, $15,000.
As has been remarked by the gentleman
from Illinois, £ilr. Crebs,] a small appropria-
tion was made at tUe last session of Congress
for tbe survey of the Wabash river. The
report of General Weitzel, who had charge
of the matter, was not received early in the
session, as were most of the reports on other
public works, and consequently was not before
the Committee on Commerce when they had
under consideration the improvement of rivers
and harbors. But since this bill has been
presented to tbe House the report of General
Weitzel on thissubject has been communicated
to us by the Secretary of War, and has been
printed, in this report General Weitzel asks
an appropriation of $15,000 to continue the
examination and survey oi' the river, saying
that the smallness of the sum appropriated
last year for this purpose and the lateness of
the season when the appropriation was made
did not permit him to make such an examin-
ation as would enable him to submit to Con-
gress a detailed statement of the condition of
the river and of his views with reference to
the proposed improvement. He recommends
an immediate appropriation of $125,000 to
improve the Grand rapids of the river. As
the proposition for such an appropriation has
been voted down, the friends of this improve-
ment will for the present be content with the
appropriation of $15,000 for continuing the
examination and survey during the next year.
I call attention to the following extract from
the report of General Humphreys, chief of
engineers, dated February 4t 1871:
" Wabash river, from its mouth to the tmvn of Wabash,
Indiana.—This and the following examinations were
made under thedirection of Major G. Weitzel,corps
of Engineers. He urges the improvement of the river
as far as La Fayette, and with a view to this recom-
mends that the sum of $15,000 be appropriated for
the purpose of making a careful survey, from which
to determine upon the best plan of improvement.
He estimates the rebuilding of the lock at Grand
Rapids at $125,000, and suggests that, as this must
form part Of any plan of improvement adopted ior
the river, it might be begun at once."
I ask leave to append to my remarks, as
printed in the Globe, the letter of General
Weitzel and Mr. Stein, the.latter gentleman
having made the examination of the river
under the authority of General Weitzel.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
