728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
States, and the Secretary of War i3 authorized
upon the said sale to makeagood and sufficient
conveyance of said property to the purchaser
or purchasers thereof.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Isthis joint resolution
now open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. Amendments would be
in order if the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Morgan] should yield for that purpose.
Mr. MORGAN. I cannot yield for amend-
ments. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MORGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion t,o reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pensacola and bakuancas bailroad.
Mr. MORGAN, from the same committee,
also reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, Senate joint resolution
No. 2i0, granting the right of way to the
Pensacola and Barrancas Railroad Company
through the naval and military reservations
near Pensacola, Florida.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution, which was read, grants
to the Pensacola and Barrancas Railroad Com-
pany the right of way through the naval and
military reservations near Pensacola, Florida,
under such regulations, restrictions, and con-
ditions as the Secretary of the Navy and the
Secretary of War may prescribe.
Mr. AENELL. IIow much land does this
give?
Mr. MORGAN. No land is granted; only
the simple right of way.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM W. SPIKES.
Mr. MORGAN, from the same committee,
also reported hack, with a recommendation that
the same do puss, a bill (II. R. No. 2700) for
the relief of William W. Spiers, late assistant
surgeon of the United States Army.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of War to pay to William W. Spiers, late
assistant surgeon in the United States Army,
such additional sum of money as will make
his entire compensation equal to that of an
assistantsurgeon during the period of his active
service in that capacity, and of his imprison-
ment in rebel prisous as a prisoner of war,
estimating such period from the date of his
commission as such surgeon.
'The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ^MORGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
I'OIIT KI5ARXEY AND RUSH VALLISlf.
Mr. MORGAN, from the same committee,
also reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 2865)
to provide for the sale of the United States
military reservations of Fort Kearney and Rush
valley; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and ruad a third Unit*.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Interior to cause the military
reservations known as Fort Kearney, in the
State of Iowa, and Rush valley, in the Terri-
tory of Utah, to be divided into such lots or
parcels of land as will, in his judgment, secure
the most advantageous sale thereof; that said
lots or parcels of land, with the improvements
thereon, shall be appraised in such manner as
shall be prescribed- by the Secretary of the
Interior, and shall be offered for sale at public
auction at a designated point within the reser-
vation to be sold, such sale not to take place
until after six weeks' public notice of the same
shall have been given in one or more newspa-
pers published nearest the place of sale. Such
lots or parcels of land shall not be sold at less
than their appraised value; and the money
resulting therefrom, deducting the costs of sale,
shall be forthwith covered into the Treasury.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed,it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEADS TOR SOLDIERS, SAILORS, ETC.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I now call up House
bill No. 2797, to enable honorably discharged
soldiers and sailors, their widows and orphan
children, to acquire homesteads on the public
lands of the United States.
The question was on ordering the bill to bo
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I now call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is a very important
bill, and we should have time allowed for its
consideration. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to offer an amendment to it.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I cannot do so.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to this bill, and I hope the previous
question will not be seconded.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division there
were—ayes 34, noes 37 ; no quorom voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stoughtox
and Mr. Holman were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 58, noes Gl.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move a substitute for
this bill, which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows *.
Strike out all after the enacting clauso and insert
the following::
That tho provisions of an act entitled "An aet
grunting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the military service of the
United States," approved September 28,1850, be, and
they are hereby, extended to the officers, soldiers,
sailors, and seamen who hove been engaged in the
military and navalserviceof the United States since
the 12th day of April. 1S61, and prior to tho 19th day
of April, 1865, and to the widows and minor chil-
dren of such of said officers, soldiers, sailors, and
seamen as may bo deceased : Provided, however, That
no person shall locate land warrants issued under
the provisions of this act and held by assignment for
more than a quarter section of land and for actual
settlement only, under such regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Interior may prescribe.
Mr. JULIAN. I wish to offer a substitute
for the bill and amendment.
The SPEAKER. Then it must be offered
in the nature of an amendment to the amend-
ment of the gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Hol-
auy.]
Mr. SARGENT, The morning hour has
expired, and I now rise to move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole to
proceed to the consideration of the Indian
appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] allow the amend-
ment, of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Julian] to be read ?
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the word "that" at the begin-
ning of the substitute and insert in liett of the words
stricken out the following:
Where homestead entries have been made, or may
hereafter be made, by parties who served in the mili-
tary or naval service of the United States as officers,
soldiers, or bailors for ninety days during the rebel-
lion, and have been honorably discharged, such par-
ties shall not be required to make settlement and
cultivation of the land for the t all period of five
years from the dato of entry before receiving t>heir
patents, but the patents shall bo issued on proof of
settlement and cultivation for such time from the
date of entry as may, with the time of their service
in the Army or Navy during the rebellions equal five
years, the time of service to be counted as part of tho
live years; and in all such entries, whether already
made or which may hereafter be made, where the
period of settlement and cultivation required under
this rule shall expire after the date of this act, the
proof shall be produced within two years from the
expiration thereof! Provided, That this aet shall not
apply to entries which may have been annulled or
vacated by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, on account of abandonment or other cause,
prior to the passage of this act.
The SPEAKER. The bill and pending
amendments will bepriuted.
Mr. JULIAN. 1 ask unanimous consent
that the report of the Committee on Public
Lands on this subject be printed in the Globe.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The report is as follows i
The Committee on the public Lands, to whom was
referred tho resolution offered by Mr. I'erby, direct-
ing said committee to inquire into the expediency of
allowing every honorably discharged soldier who
served ninely days in tho late war for the Union to
select one hundred and sixty acres of tho public
lands, and to reccivc a patent therefor at the end of
five years Without requiring an occupancy of the
same, have hadthe subjec't under consideration, and
now submit the following report:
That it is the duty of the Government to make its
lands as productive as practicable by devoting them
to actual settlement and tillage, is a proposition
which needs no argument. The humanity of this
policy, in supplying homes for the greatest number'
of those who need them, is equally manifest. The
Government is false to its trust, and makes itself the
enemy of the people, when it sanctions or permits
the monopoly of great bodies of the public domain,
which its own landless citizens need for homesteads,
and are anxious to make tributary to the public
wealth. In tho light of these obvious considerations
the proposition before the committee may readily be
judged.
The history of military land bounties is instruct-
ive. More than seventy-three million acres in all
have been appropriated for military and naval pur-
poses, tho effect of which has been far more ruinous
to the country than beneficial to the soldier and sea-
man. The warrants issued for the lands granted
were to be located only by the soldier. It was soon
provided, however, that he might locate them by an
agent, and finally thev were made assignable. The
Commissioner of the General Land Office says that
ol the Mexican war bounty-land warrants the rec-
ords of his office show thatnot one in five hundred
of those issued and placed in the hands of the sol-
diers, or their heirs, has been located by them or for
their use; and he estimates that not to exceed ten
per cent, of them have been used by preemptors, as
assignees in payment for actual settlement, the re-
mainder having gone into the clutches ot the specu-
lator. While the soldier was cheated out of his
warrant, or sold it at a very lpw rate, the public
domain, which should have been free to him and to
all other poor men, has been absorbed by monopo-
lists, who have fixed upon itsueh tarilf as they could
exact from those in search of homes. In none of
our legislation on the subject of military bounties
has there been any precaution taken against tho
monopoly of the soil, or in favor of the rights of set-
tlers; and while tbe soldier has received little or
no benefit, the settlement and development of tho
country have been greatly retarded. _
Is the proposition before thecommittco less objec-
tionable than the legislation to which we have re-
ferred? The official estimate of the uumber of sol-
diers to be provided for, saying nothing of the heirs
ot those who have died, is 2,215,059. Multiplying this
by 160 will give, as the aggregate of lands called lor,
369,305,440 acres. As the land is to be had simply for
the asking, we may fairly suppose that ail, or nearly
all, would make their selections, so far as the extent
and situation of the public domain would permit,
and receive their patents at the end of five years. If
one half only should avail themselves of the priv-
ilege, it would require every acre of land which the
Government could survey within the next twenty -
nine years, at the rate our surveys are now progress-
ing? thus fatally blocking up the grand march of
civilization and settlement now in progress, and con-
signing the public domain to solitude, while the
soldier, on receiving his patent, would be under no
obligation to settle on his land, and might sell it to
the sharks who would be lying in wait to take ad-
vantage of his poverty in driving a bargain. The
sale of public lands would cease, because the lands
subject to sale would he absorbed. The homestead
law would bo nullified, under which, dumigtlie past
year, 3,693,910 acres were disposed of* thus adding
