1554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
relating to surveys. And there is no need for
a special appropriation, as a sufficient amount
for all these surveys is already appropriated.
Mr. CONGER. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Niblack] will withdraw the prop-
osition at this place and let it come in with the
surveys.
Mr. NIBLACK. I suppose I had better
'accept the gentleman's suggestion. I do so
with the distinct understanding that there is to
be no objection to inserting at the appropriate
place in the last section a provision for the
.survey of the Wabash river.
Mr. MORPHIS. A few moments ago when I
offered an amendment the Chair ruled it out
of order. I now move to suspend the rules to
get a vote on that amendment at this place.
I move, at the end of line one hundred and
ninety-seven, to add "for the improvement of
Tombigbee river from Fulton to Aberdeen,
$10,000." I have occupied a seat upon this
floor some twelve months since Congress has
been in session, and I have never asked this
House to giveany time until now for the pur-
pose of hearing me. I am sure if the House
understood as much about this matter as I do
they would grant this appropriation at once.
Mr. KELSEY. I make a point of order
that there is no law for this appropriation, and
it is therefore out of order to this bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point or order.
Mr. MORPHIS. In order that I may have
an opportunity to test the sense of the House
on this amendment, I move to suspend the
rules, to enable me to offer it.
Mr. KELSEY. I make the point of order
that we are now acting under a suspension of
the rules, and that it is not in order to enter-
tain the motion for a second suspension of the
rules.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order. It is in order to
suspend the rules to allow the gentleman from
Mississippi to move an amendment which
otherwise would not be in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then it will be in
order to move to suspend the rules to lay aside
this bill.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
49, noes 60.
So the rules were not suspended.
The Clerk read as follows:
For improvement of Mobile Harbor $50,000.
Mr. BUCK. I move to increase that appro-
priation to $100,000. The engineer in making
his report has asked for $100,000 to carry on
this work. The engineer who made the sur-
vey has recommended earnestly this appropri-
ation. The importance of the work is well
known, and I will not go into any lengthy dis-
cussion, but ask that the vote be taken at once.
The matter is well understood by the House.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HEFLIN. I move to add "for com-
pleting the survey of Coosa river, in Alabama,
$2 000."
Mr. CONGER. If the gentleman from
Alabama will look at the last section of the
bill, he will find that all these surveys are pro-
vided for, Coosa river among the rest.
Mr. HEFLIN. I insist on my amendment;
and if gentlemen will look at the engineer's
report they will agree with me that it ought to
be passed.
Mr. CONGER. We have increased the
amount for these surveys. If the gentleman
will look at the bill, he will find that we have
made a large appropriation for all of these
surveys.
Mr. HEFLIN. I ask the Clerk to read an
extract from the report from the engineer
department.
Mr. CONGER. Under the appropriation
in this bill the survey of the Coosa river will
be provided for.
Mr. HEFLIN. It is not specific enough to
suit me.
Mr. CONGER. We increased the amount
for these surveys, and we meant to cover this
very case. I hope the gentleman will withdraw
his amendment.
Mr. HEFLIN. I ask the Clerk to read from
the engineer's report so that members of the
House may see the necessity of this survey of
the Coosa river and the importance of adopt-
ing the amendment I have proposed.
The Clerk read as follows:
" United States Engineer Office.
* Mobile, Alabama, February 2,1871.
" Genebal : Although the survey of Coosa river
authorized by the act of Congress approved July 11,
and directed by you July 30, 1870. is not complete,
the data on hand are sufficient to justify a report on
the subject, and a further appropriation by Congress
for the continuation of the survey.
"This survey was commenced September13,1870, by
Mr. Henry C. Fillebrown, under instruction from my
predecessor, the late Major Chauncey B. Reese, corps
of Engineers, and continued till the 27th of Decem-
ber. when high water of the river covered the bars to
such an extent as to make it inexpedient to continue
it any further this season.
" Immediately thereafter an examinatien of the
remaining shoal portions of the river was made, and
below I have the honor to submit Mr. Eiliebrown's
report of this examination, all that is probably
requisite for presentation to Congress at its present
session. The report of the surveyed portion will be
forwarded as soon as the maps can be prepared and
tbo results worked out.
"No appropriation is at present asked for the con-
structions necessary for the improvement of the
river, for the reason that the survey necessary for
the ascertainment of the best plan and cost of these
constructions is not yet complete, but Mr. lille-
brown's report shows with great force that the pro-
ject is entirely practicable, and, while this isso, that
there will be required for the completion of the sur-
vey the sum of $6,000, and an appropriation to this
extent I earnestly recommend."
The question was put on Mr. Heflin's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. CREBS. I move to amend by insert-
ing after line two hundred and eleven "for
improvement of the navigation of the Wabash
river to the town of Lafayette, $100,000."
Mr. Speaker, I would not urge this appro-
priation if it was not essential to the West
that the improvement of the navigation of this
stream should be made. As I stated before,
this river divides the two States of Illinois and
Indiana for two hundred miles at least, and
drains a large extent of country. It is a stream
very nearly as large as the Ohio river, and just
above its mouth there are obstructions not
very hard to remove, and the removal of which
would not cost a large sum of money. If
those obstructions were removed we would
have one hundred miles of clear navigable
river, equal to the Ohio river or any other
stream in the western country. One hundred
miles above its mouth we come to the Grand
rapids, which will require an outlay of prob*
ably $12-5,000 to make the stream navigable
above. But take out the obstruction at thg
Grand rapids, and for nearly two hundred
and fifty miles even above that point you have
a navigable river.
Entering into this Great Wabash river there
are a number of smaller streams on either side.
The Little Wabash among them, empties into
it about twelve miles above its mouth, and the
improvement of this stream has been under-
taken by private enterprise. The citizens have
gone to work and improved it at an expense
of some sixty thousand dollars to themselves,
and haye made a navigable stream of the Lit-
tle Wabash for nearly fifty miles.
And while we have been making appropri-
ations in this bill, as we have been doing for
years, for the improvement of rivers only in-
tended to be made navigable for a few miles,
how can the Congress of the United States
refuse an appropriation that will make navi-
gable a stream almost equal to the Ohio in
size, extending three hundred miles or more
from its mouth to the point to which it is pro-
posed to make it navigable, when the amount
it will cost will bear so small a proportion to
the amounts asked for the improvement of
smaller streams in this bill?
More than this, the Legislature of the State
of Indiana and the Legislature of the State of
Illinois have both instructed their Representa-
tives on this floor to ask for an appropriation
for the improvement of this stream; and it
strikes me with great force that when the
money of the Government is being appro-
priated on every hand, as we find it in this
bill, if it must be appropriated the great West
should have some share in handling the money
of the Government. Illinois gets $150,000,
and Indiana, I believe, gets nothing by this
bill as reported by the committee—two of the
greatest States of the Union, one the fourth
State in the Union and the other about the
fifth, and together they get but$150,000, while
the little State of Maine receives $177,000,
and other States along the northern border are
favored to the extent of three, four, or five hun-
dred thousand dollars each. Now I repeat,
Mr. Speaker, that while we of the great North-
west are paying large taxes to the Government
to be distributed over the States by legislation
we ask only as an act of simple justice that
we shall have our equal proportion iu the West
with the other portions of the Union.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, I do not
doubt the necessity for the improvement of
this river; but the report of the engineer
states that he has made no instramental sur-
vey of this river.
Mr. CREBS. The survey has been made,
as is shown by the report to which I have
already referred.
Mr. CONGER. The engineer cannot, as
he says himself, tell this House specifically
what amount is necessary. He has merely
taken the report of a civil engineer of the
State of Illinois, which gives very valuable
information and wilt be very useful hereafter.
But I desire to say to the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cbebs] with reference to the asser-
tions he has made as to the share of the State
of Illinois in the distribution of this money—
I wish to say to him that that State has
received over three million dollars from the
General Government for river and harbor
improvements.
Mr. CREBS. Not in this bill.
Mr. CONGER. Of course not. Bat it has
received that amount in the aggregate hereto-
fore for those purposes. It has received larger
appropriations for those purposes than any
other State in the Union except three. I think,
therefore, it is not quite correct for the gen-
tleman to represent the State of Illinois, as he
did, as having been left out entirely in the cold.
I am in favor of having a new survey for this
Wabash river, that it may come before the
next Congress with new specifications; and I
shall then be ready to join the gentleman from
Illinois in making a reasonable appropriation
to open up that splendid river to navigation
more fully than it is now. It will not further
his cause to urge an appropriation before a
survey is made. Last year an appropriation
of $100,000 was made for a river of which
there had been no survey, and that money lias
lain idle in the Treasury until now, because
there had been no survey and up to this time
has been no survey of the river. I tell the
gentleman that the committee which looked
into this matter are unwilling to appropriate
money before there are estimates, before there
are specifications, and the gentleman ought
not to urge it. We are all willing to make the
survey and afterward to make the appropria-
tion. I call for a vote on the amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to close debate on
this paragraph.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
81, noes 45.
So the motion to close debate was agreed to.
The question occurred upon Mr. Creijs's
amendment, and being put; there were—ayes
43, noes 90.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr, BECK. I offer the following amend-
ment :
After lin? two hundred and eleven Insert the fol-
