1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
41st Gong....3d Sess.
St. Oroix and Bayfield Railroad—Mr. Hay.
Ho. of Reps.
Treasury to respond to certain inquiries. And
my friend here rises to answer for the Secre-
tary. Now, when my friend shall become
Secretary I shall be very happy to receive his
answer as such, but not till then.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MORGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Does not my colleague
know that a large part of these charges against
these collectors is for taxes which are not col-
lectable, or for taxes which are improperly
charged, and that when their accounts are
settled it will be found that they are not
indebted as appears in the report?
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, I know noth-
ing of the kind. On the contrary, I have good
reason to believe that, taking them as a whole,
these ex-collectors are defaulters. Do you
undertake to say that a balance of $1,500,000
in the hands of one man is a charge which
ought not to have been made ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. One more question.
My colleague speaks of having called upon the
Secretary of the Treasury for a report of what
has been paid in. Why does he not also call
upon the Secretary of the Treasury to report
what amount of these balances charged against
these officers has been adjusted by uncollect-
able taxes and taxes improperly charged?
Mr. STILES. We cannot get the informa-
tion.
_ Mr. LAWRENCE. I will see_ that the
information is given to the satisfaction of
the gentleman and the country.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, if this mat-
ter is so easily explained, why has not the
Secretary given the explanation? Why has
he treated this House with contempt? Why
have the friends of the Administration in this
House taken advantage of every opportunity
to object to resolutions calling for informa-
tion, instead of aiding their passage? Sir, the
people have been betrayed, but they can no
longer be deceived. The day of reckoning is
near at hand, and when it comes a long series
of wrongs and corruptions will be brought to
light which will be without a parallel in the
history of the nations.
St. Croix and Bayfield Railroad.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN B. HAY,
op illinois,
I  the House of Representatives,
February 2, 1871.
The House having under consideration the joint
resolution (S. It. No. 11) extending- the time to con-
struct a railroad from the St, Croix river or lake to
the west end of Lake Superior and to Bayfield—
Mr. HAY said :
Mr. Speakek : In the short time allotted to
me by the House for debate on this bill I can-
not enter as fully into the many arguments
that might be urged against it as I should like
to do. And as I shall be under the necessity
of presenting my views very hurriedly I must
refuse to yield to any interruption.
Sir, while we hear just now a great deal said
about civil-service reform, and still more about
the importance of revenue reform, it would be
well for us in this House to know and under-
stand that there is a large and growing party
in this country imperiously demanding some
reform in our land system and policy. And
if we intend to reflect the will of the great body
of the American people in our action here, as
declared within the last few months in their
county, district, and State conventions through-
out the country, this demand must be heeded.
Their firm-set opposition to any further grants
of the public lands to corporations has been
most emphatically and unmistakably expressed.
And they are daily becoming more united and
determined in this opposition, as they contem-
plate the alarming extent of these land grants
already made and the extent to which it is
proposed by the introduction of bills in this
Congress, now pending, to still further extend
them.
Sir, this policy of granting away the pub-
lic domain to rich and powerful corporations,
although ably and strenuously advocated on this
floor, cannot, it seems to me, be justified upon
any sound principle. I do not believe it ever
should have found favor here. It is fraught
with too much danger. But, sir, in earlier
times, some thirty or forty years ago, many
good and able men then thought it was best
for the settlement and development of the
country that this policy of land grants for the
construction of canals and railroads should be
adopted. Then there were but few railroads
in the country, and not much capital in com-
parison with what we now have, and it was
not then known whether investments of capi-
tal in building railroads in new and compara-
tively unsettled portions of the country would
be safe and profitable. Now, sir, it has been
fully and satisfactorily demonstrated that the
investment of capital in such railroads is sure
to be not only safe but highly remunerative,
and hence there can be no reason for these
immensegrants. To-day in the State of Illinois
we have railroads constructed by private enter-
prise and with private capital whose stocks are
now selling at 100 in the market, although dur-
ing the first few years they were operated they
yielded no dividends and were actually forced
into the hands of receivers.
Sir, the Representatives of the State of
Illinois in this House, whenever the subject of
a land grant is up for consideration here, are
told with much.emphasis and more feeling how
much was done for the people of that State in
the large grant to the Illinois Central railroad.
Now, sir, all I have to say in answer is this:
I sincerely believe that it would be much better
for the people of my State to-day if that road
had been built with private capital, instead of
having been constructed in the way in which
it was. And there are few who think seriously
on this subject and have observed closely the
manner in which that railroad is operated who
will not agree with me. Sir, I have not per-
mitted, nor shall I permit, any arguments
founded upon land grants having been made
to this or that State to construct canals or rail-
roads to influence me, or to affect or change
my steadfast and unalterable opposition to
all land grants or subsidies for any purpose
such as is indicated in this bill. But, sir, the
Representatives in this House of the State of
Wisconsin, in advocating this land grant for
their State, should remember that their State
has not only received more than her just por-
tion, but has received larger and more gener-
ous grants of land probably than any other
State in the Union.
The last report of Hon. Joseph S. Wilson,
Commissioner of the United States Land
Office, shows that the State of Wisconsin alone
has received in land grants more than all her
great sisters of the northwest territory, Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois put together. The Com-
missioner's report shows that the total num-
ber of acres of land grauted by acts of Con-
gress for canal purposes to the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, from the year 1827 to
June 30, 1870, is 2,830,555, and the total num-
ber of acres to these States up to June 30, 1870,
for railroad and other purposes, is 2,595,053,
making, in all, to these three States, 5,425,608;
while the number of acres granted to the State
of Wisconsin, from 1827 to June 30, 1870, is
325,431 for canal purposes, and the number
of acres granted to this State, from 1850 to
June 30,1870, for railroad and other purposes,
is 5,378,360.
' Mr. Speaker, #e are very ingeniously and
plausibly told that this is no new grant; that
it is but reaffirming what has already been
done; that we must adhere to what has been
done ; that good faith requires this ; that this
land has been in a manner set apart and given
over for this purpose, and it should not now
be withheld. Sir, there is no reason or justice
in this claim. Indeed, it is but a mere pretense.
Such a miserable subterfuge for an argument
need only be stated to be rejected as unworthy
of serious attention. Thisgrant was made upon
express conditions, and renewed again since
first made upon the same conditions, and as
these conditions were not complied with these
lands reverted to the Government, precisely as
in the case of a gift or grant upon conditions
unperformed between individuals. The Gov-
ernment has been liberal enough in this grant
in renewing it. The fact that repeated grants
of these lands have been permitted to expire
shows that they should never have been made.
Now, when these lands have become valuable,
and the people living along the line of the pro-
posed road who are remonstrating against the
passage of this bill desire to use aud enjoy
them iu common with others, we are modestly
asked to give them to some corporation to sell
them back to the people at enormous specu-
lative prices.
Mr. Speaker, we have been told repeatedly
in this discussion that by granting lands to
corporations for the construction of railroads
towns are built up and settlers are attracted to
the particular sections of the country through
which these new roads run, and the public
lands become thereby largely enhanced in
value, and, as a resulting effect, the Govern-
ment, derives very great advantage from the
increased prices at which they are sold. Sir,
to my mind there is no force in this argument.
In the first place, I do not think the public
lands can ever be used profitably and advan-
tageously as a source of Federal revenue. The
expenditures necessarily made every year in
surveying them and in keeping up the machinery
of our land system, and the large sums paid
out to extinguish the Indian and other titles
to many of them, take about one third or one
half of what is realized annually from their sale.
But, sir, if the sale of our public lands
could be made fruitful and useful as a source
of revenue, I am opposed to their being appro-
priated for such purpose. And I am glad that
a bill lias been introduced in this House pro-
viding that all the public lands shall be with-
drawn from public sale, and hereafter only dis-
posed of under and by virtue of our homestead
laws. I shall give that bill my earnest support,
and I trust it will soon become a law. The
true policy of the Government will have been
established when our public lands shall be
secured for actual settlers and withheld from
speculators. We shall not then have that large
class of land speculators, the non-resident cap-
italists, who rush to the land offices when the
public lands have been offered at public sale
and purchase thousands of acres of the best
and fairest portions of the public domain in
the different new States and Territories, letting
their vast possessions stand idle for years until
the hardy and enterprising pioneers have made
settlements around them, thereby greatly in-
creasing their value year by year, when they
are sold to these same pioneers and poorer
classes in need of land at enormous specula-
tive prices. The experience and observation
of all of us tell how much these land barons
retard and cripple the early settlement and
growth of every new country, and how exorbi-
tant and oppressive their exactions have been
of those tor whom these lands should have
been sacredly reserved.
