18U.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1555
lowing: for improvement of the Savannah river,
from tho city of Savannah to the mouth of theriver.
$75,000."
Mr. CONGER. I raise a point of order on
that amendment.
Mr. BECK. Here is a survey and recom-
mendation which I hold in my hand.
Mr. CONGER. What is the document?
' Mr. BECK. It is from the office of the
chief of engineers, and was forwarded to the
House by the Secretary of the Treasury, George
S. Boutwell. I tried to get this appropriation
made last session.
Mr. CONGER. It is a report of the Coast
Survey, and not of the engineer department.
Mr. BECK. Is not General Humphreys the
proper officer to make such a report ?
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman knows very
well that this is not one of the recommenda-
tions upon which we have been accustomed to
act.
Mr. BECK. I say that this appropriation
is recommended, and while we have been drib-
bling out little dribs to small streams in all
parts of the country nothing has been done for
the river at this important city of Savannah.
Last year, when the State of Georgia was not
represented.here, I tried 'to have this appro-
priation inserted in the bill, but it was refused,
with a promise that it should be put in this
year. The city has expended $120,000 upon
the improvement of the river.
Mr. CONGER. I insist upon the point of
order. If the gentleman wanted a survey made
he had an opportunity to provide for it in the
bill last session. We provided for everyplace
for which a survey was asked. I do not under-
stand the gentleman to say that this is recom-
mended by the engineer department. If he
says that it is I will withdraw the point of
order.
Mr. BECK. I send to the gentleman the
reports of General Humphreys and of Secre-
tary Bontwell and others.
Mr. CONGER. One of the documents which
the gentleman sends me is a memorial of the
mayor and aldermen of the city of Savannah;
but there is no recommendation, and there has
been no survey or estimate such as is required
for an appropriation in a river and harbor bill.
Tbe gentleman will not insist that this is a sur-
vey under the law. I have too much respect
for the gentleman from Kentucky to suppose
that he will call this such a recommendation
as we ought to have.
Mr. BECK. I supposed that a recommend-
ation of this sort from General Humphreys,
with the indorsement of the Secretary of the
Treasury, was sufficient.
Mr. CONGER. It is a mere report of Gen-
eral Humphreys, inclosing a part of the Coast
Survey report; but it is not an engineer's
report, and it was not made to the House
as such.
Mr. BECK. I will read from the paper :
Office of the Chief of Exgixeeks.
Washington", FebruatyVl,1870.
Sir: In answer to the resolution of the House of
Representatives of February S. 1S70, requesting the
"Secretary of War to furnish such information as
he may have as to the navigable condition of the
Savannah river between its inouth and the city of
Savannah, and as to the necessity and cost of its
improvement for the purposes of navigation; also,
the amount and character of the improvements
already made by the ldtal authorities ot Savannah
at their own expense," I herewith transmit a copy
of a communication, with its inclosure. received
from the honorable Secretary of the Treasury, which
contains tho information desired by tho resolution.
I fully concur in the views therein presented.
As this office is not in possession of maps repre-
senting in detail the extent of the obstructions to be
removed, the estimated cost of tho improvement is
regarded as approximate only.
The resolution of the llouso of Representatives is
herewith returned.
"Very respectfully, your obedient sorvant,
A. A. HUMPIIltEYS,
Brigadier General and. Chief of Engineers,
Hon. W. W. Belknap, Secretary of War.
Trkasury Departmext, February 9,1870.
Sib : The accompanying communication, relativo
to the improvements made in Savannah river at tbe
cost of tho eity government, as stated by Hon. E. C,
Anderson, is referred to your Department, as this
Uepartmentlearns that information upon the subject
ot the clearing of this river has just been called lor
by a resolution of the House of Representatives
1 am, very respectfully.
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hod. William W. Belknap, Secretary of War.
United States Coast Survey Office,
Washington, January 25,1870.
Sir: By authority of the superintendent, and at
the request of Hon. E. C. Anderson, late mayor of
Savannah, I beg leave respectfully to submit to you
a statement relative to the improvements in Savan-
nah river, -which have been made at the cost of the
city of Savannah, from I860 to 1869, during the period
of the mayoralty of Mr. Anderson.
In 1865, immediately after the close of the war, a
resurvey of the Savannah river, from the ocean to
the city, was made by the Coast Survey, from which
it was shown that but eight feet at mean low water
and fourteen feet at mean high water could betaken
over the bars below the city, irrespective of the
obstructions placed during the war. These obstruc-
tions have apparently had no effect upon the chan-
nel and bars of the river, except at their immediate
locality.
By correspondence with this office, and other
means, the authorities of Savannah endeavored to
induce the Government to undertake the needed
deepening of the channel over the bars. The only
action, to our knowledge, taken by the Government
was to make a contract with Henry S. Wells, of New
York, to remove the obstructions placed during the
war. This work was but partially executed, and I
understand thecontractisstill alive, but not enforced.
The Government taking no action, the city of
Savannah, unlike all other southern cities, with a
wise liberality, under the energetic lead of its mayor,
undertook itself the work of deepening and straight-
ening the channel from the ciiy to the mouth of the
river; and after the skillful expenditure of about
one hundred and twenty thousand dollars, has suc-
ceeded in opening a channel by which twelve feet at
mean low, and eighteen feet at mean high, water
can be carried up to the city. These depths, how-
ever, can be maintained only by further improve-
ments of a more permanent character, and giving
such depth to the channel as will enable vessels
which can cross the outer bar going direct to tho
city. This depth is nineteen feet at mean low, and
twenty-six feet at mean high water. -
The amount required for this purpose will proba-
bly not exceed $200,000. The small city of Savannah,
with an amount of taxable real estate of less than
810.000.000, when this work was begun, has shown a
liberality worthy of all praise, and which should
shame her richer sister cities of the South, not one
of which has expended a dollar, as far as this office
is informed, toward the improvement of its harbor.
The tonnage freighting at Savannah is owned
almost exclusively at the North, and the ship-
owners are as deeply interested in this improvement
as even Savannah itself.
The official returns show that for the year ending
June 30. 1869, the total exports coastwise from
Savannah were§26,304,996; foreign, $22,031,498. Total
exports, $48,336,494. Amount of tonnage, Ameri-
can 987,513.53; foreign, 142,321.31. Total tonnage,
1,129.834.84, employing 22,101 men; and these amounts
must increase with immense rapidity as the rail-
road connections with the whole of our great inte-
rior, now under construction, are finished.
By the advised improvements in the river, all .
vessels can go direct to Savannah, and be saved the •
immense tax for lightering imposed when the ves-
sels are obliged to lie at anchor many miles below
the city.
I know of no workonour sea-board where so small
a sum as $200,000 can be spent to so great uu advan-
tage to the shipping and other commercial interests
ot the country as in making the improvements asked
for in the Savannah liver; and aciry which has
under immense difficulties done its duty so man-
fully richly deserves and should receive some rec-
ognition from the Government.
Yours, respectfully, c. P. PATTEKSON.
Hydrographic Inspector, Coast Survey.
lion. Geo. S. Boutwell, Secretary of the Treasury.
Attest; A true extract,
JAMES STEWART,
Clerk of Council.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] a question.
Is that a report from the Secretary of War and
the chief of engineers of a survey made under
a law authorizing it, and making estimates
such as we act upon ?
Mr. BECK. I will say to the gentleman
very frankly that I do not know what sort of a
survey is required for that committee to act
upon.
Mr. CONGER. We have never acted upon
any such report as this in any case.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order, and rules that the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, I wish to ask a
question of the gentleman who has charge of
this bill. Is there any appropiiation in this
bill except upon the report and recommenda-
tion of the Engineer Bureau ?
Mr. CONGER. Notone; nota single dollar.
_ Mr. SAWYER. I think we have spent
time enough over this bill. I propose now to
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill.
Before I call for a vote upon that m otion I wil 1
yield to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Niblack,] who has an amendment which he
desires to offer. And there are one or two
other gentlemen who desire to offer amend-
ments directing surveys to be made.
Mr. KERR. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to come in at the close of the first sec-
tion of this bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I will yield to allow a few
amendments providing for surveys before I
call for a vote on my motion to suspend the
rules. I cannot admit any amendments of
any other character.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to move to amend
the section relating to surveys by inserting be-
fore the clause for completing the survey of the
Cumberland river " and to resurvey the Ten-
nessee river from Brown's Ferry to Florence,
Alabama."
Mr. SAWYER. I will admit that amend-
ment.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to add to the third
section, relating to surveys, "for the survey
of the Wabash river, from its moutli to the
city of Lafayette.''
Mr. SAWYER. I will admit that amend-
ment.
Mr. SHANKS. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion
is not in order pending a motion to suspend
the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to move
to add "for a survey at the mouth of Licking
river, Kentucky, for a harbor of refuge."
Mr. SAWYER. I will admit that amend-
ment.
Mr. YOUNG. I desire to offer this amend-
ment :
For examination and survey of the Etowah river,
from its mouth tu Cartersville, Geoiyia; ai:d al-,> iur
examination and survey oftbe Oostanaularivcr.lrom
Home, Georgia, to the mouth of the CoosawaUee;
at Chattahoochee river, below Columbus, Gtoigia.
Mr. SAWYER. I am willing to include
that amendment also.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to have tbe fol-
lowing amendment included also:
At the mouth of the St. John's river, from the outer
bar to Jacksonville, Florida ; at the mouth ot the tt.
Mark's river, from Spanish Hole to  Sc. MaikV,
Florida; at Appalaehicola bay,Florida; at Tampa
Bay, at Tampa, Florida.
Mr. SAWYER. I will include that amend-
ment also.
Mr. McGREW. I desire tohave this amend-
ment included:
For survey of the Jlonongahela liver, from Xi \v
lleneva, in Pennsylvania, to Moiganlowii, in AVot
Virginia, and estimates for necessary locks anddanis.
to extend the navigation on said river to the last-
named place.
Mr, SAWYER. I will include that amend-
ment also.
Mr. DYER. I desire to have inserted nfter
the words, "at Current river, Missouti, from
ils mouth to Van Buren," in section three, the
words " at Cuivre river, Missouri, Irom its
mouth to Moscow Mills."
Mr. SAWYER. I have no objection to
that; but I hope members will not offer any
more amendments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order upon this bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlft
man will state his point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My point of orcer
is that a motion to suspend the rules is not
now in order, because this House is now act-
ing upon this bill under a suspension of the
rules. It is therefore not in order now to
entertain a motion to suspend the rules, when
