730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, raoved
that in these cases of withdrawal of papers
proper copies should be left.
The motion was agreed to.
PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF THE ARMY.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Jteeolved, Tliat the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and lie is hereby, requested to furnish this House
a. tabular statement exhibiting the pay and allow-
ances of the different trades of officers in the Army,
under the act of July 15,1870. as compared with the
pay and allowances of such officers immediately
prior to the passage of said act; also, indicating
whatever increase or'decrease there may bo by suoh
comparison.
JURISDICTION OF TIIB COURT OS CLAIMS.
Mr. INGBRSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2867) to amend
sin act to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims, and to provide for the payment of cer-
tain demands for quartermasters' stores and
subsistence supplies furnished to the Army of
the United States ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
FORT RRIDGER MILITARY RESERVATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, transmitting to the House a memorial
from citizens of the town of Merrill, Wyom-
ing Territory, in relation to the Port Bridger
military reservation; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Laud Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
SURVEY IN LOUISIANA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
, laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, submitting estimates of
appropriations for survey of the township in
Louisiana in which New Orleans is situated;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
CABINET Off MINERALS, ETC.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting to the House
a report on the history and present condition
of the cabinet of minerals and natural his-
tory connected with the General Land Office ;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
INCIDENTAL BXl'ENSES Ob' TIIE DEPARTMENTS.
The SPEAKER also, by unaui mous consent,
laid before the House a letter lrora the Secre-
tary of State, in relation to an act legalizing
and making appropriations for such necessary
objects as have usually been included in the
general appropriation bill without authority
of law, and to fix and provide lor certain
incidental expenses of the Departments and
officers of the Government, and for other pur-
poses ; which was refeircd to the Committee on
Appropriations, aud ordered to be printed.
ritOPERTY IN TIIE CAPITOL, ETC.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the archi-
tect ot^ the United States Capitol extension,
transmitting to the House an inventory of the
property belonging to the United States in and
about the Capitol, President's House, and the
Botanical Garden; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
OHIO RIVER.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimousconsent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of January 1J, 1871, in relation to the
survey and improvements of the Ohio river;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symf-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed without amend-
ment the bill (H. It. No. S2535) for the relief
of Noah Fisher.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (S. No. 379) to authorize
the restoration of Gilbert Morton to the naval
service, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested. .
COMMERCE BETWEEN THE STATES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to report from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary a bill (H. R. No. 2869)
to regulate the trade and commerce between
the States and Territories of the United States,
and to move that it be printed and recommitted
to the committee, not to be brought back by
motion to reconsider.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to hear the bill
read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I include
in the motion that the bill shall not be brought
back by motion to reconsider.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I do not insist on
the reading of the bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
received, read a first and second time, recom-
mitted to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
JOHN S. BISIIOP.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2868) for the relief of
John S. Bishop; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I now resume the floor
to move that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Indian appropria-
tion bill. And, pending that motion, I move
that when the House shall resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole all general debate
on the bill be closed in a half minute.
The question being taken on the motion to
close the debate in half a minute, it was
agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I now move that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the Indian appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House_accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) for the
consideration of the special order, being the
bill (H. R.No. 2G15) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling so-called
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 30,1872, and for other
purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objec-
tion the first reading of the bill will be dis-
pensed with and the Clerk will proceed to read
the bill by paragraphs for amendment.
There was no objection; and theClerkread
the first paragraph, as follows:
Be it enacted, d?c„ That the following sums be, and
they are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, forthe pur-
pose of paying the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department and fulfilling so-called
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes:
For pay of eleven superintendents of Indian af-
fairs, namely: two superintendents for the tribes
east of the Rockv mountains; one for Oregon: one
for Washington Territory: one for the Territory of
New Mexico: one for the Territory of Utah ; one for
California: one for Nevada; onefor theTerritory of
Arizona; onefor Montana, and one for Idaho, $25,600.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend that
paragraph as follows:
After the words "New Mexico" strike out the
words "one for the Territory of Utah." Also strike
out the words "one for Nevada," and the Words
'one for Idaho."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move now to strike
out " $2o,G00 " and to inseit in lieu thereof
" $19,100," and to explain these amendments
I submit the following letter from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs :
Department of the Interior.
Office op Indian Affairs,
"Washington, D. Cm January 39,1871.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of the 18th instant, relative to an
appropriation for a superintendent for Nevada.
In reply I have to say that the superintendences
of Nevada, Utah, and Idaho have been discontinued
by order of the President, the accents reporting:
directly to this office, and that consequently u will
not be necessary to make an appropriation for salary
of superintendents for said State and Territories.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
. H. Ii. CLUM,
Acting Comiiiisxioatr,
Hon. A. A. Sargent, House of Mepresentatives.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For pay of sixty-two agents of Indian affair;!,
namely : three for the tribes in Oregon ; four for the
tribes in New Mexico; one additional for Indians
in New Mexico; one for the tribes in New Mexico;
one for the tribes in Utah; one additional lor the
Indians in Utah ; one for the tribes in the Territory
of Utah: eleven for the tribes east of tho Itocky
mountains; two for the tribes cast of the Rocky
mountains; six for the Indians east of the Itocky
mountains, ^namely: Sioux, Seminole, Omaha,
Kickapoo, Kansas, and Neosho agencies; three for
the tribes east ot the Rocky mountains; one for
the Indians in the State of New York; one for
Green Bfty, "Wisconsin ; three for the tribes in Wash-
ington Territory; one for the Wichitas and neigh-
boring tribes west of the Choctaws and Ohickasaws;
one for the tribes east of the Rocky mountains; one
for the Indians in the Territory of New Mexico; one
for the Foncatribe; one forthe Pawnees; one forthe
Yankton Sioux; three for the tribes in the Terntoiy
of Washington; one forthe Grand River and Uintah
bands of Indians in the Territory of Colorado ; two
for the Upper Missouri and the country adjacent
thereto; one for the Ottawas, Chippewas of Swan
Creek and Black River, and Christian Indians in
Kansas; three agents for the State of California; one
for the Kiowa, Apache, and Comanche Indians; one
forthe Sisseton and Wahpeton bands of Dakota or
Sioux Indians; one for the bands of Sacs and Foxes
of the Mississippi, now in Tnma county, Iowa; one
for the Indians in the State of Nevada ; one for the
Crow tribe of Indians; one for the Shoshonps and
Bannocks; and one lor the Sioux Indians of Devil's
Lake, #93,600: Provided, That it shall be the duty of
the President to dispense with the services of such
Indian agents andsuperintendents herein mentioned
as may be practicable : and where it is practicable,
he shall require the same person to perform the
duties of two agencies or superintendencies for one
salary.
Mr.,FITCH. I move, in lines forty and
forty-one, in page 3 of the bill, to strike out
the words, "one for the Indians in the State
of Nevada;" and in lines forty-three and
forty-four to strike out "$93,600" and to
insert in lieu thereof " $02,100."
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment for
the reason that in mj judgment it is in no wise
necessary that there should be an Indian agent
in the State of Nevada, and I shall follow it
up by an amendment to strike out the appro-
priation for interpreters and agents wherever
they occur, as well as the general appropria-
tion of $15,000 reported by the committee in
the latter part of the bill. I desire to say here
generally that all the money that is expended
in the State of Nevada for the purpose of pay-
ing salaries of Indian agents and purchasing
blankets for Indians is uselessly expended.
But a small portion of the Indians reside on
the reservations or go to the point of distri-
bution to procure blankets, and when they do,
they often trade or gamble the blankets off on
the spot for something that will not benefit
them so much as blankets. Generally the
goods distributed find their way speedily to the
stores of persons supposed to be in harmony
with the Indian agents. The money is wasted;
its expenditure is of no benefit to the Govern-
ment or to the Indians. I therefore offer this
amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, the gen-
tleman from Nevada, I suppose, gave the House
the key-note of his sentiments upon this sub-
ject in the remark which he made upon this
floor, that a good Indian was a dead Indian.
For all such philosophy I have no sympa-
thy^ lean point the gentleman to instances
in his own State not many years ago, where,
when the Indian tribes rose and were carrying
death and destruction to all the frontier settle-
