1556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
the House is already acting under ja, suspen-
sion of the rules. . ' ' .
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Th$ Chair
overrules the point of order."
Mr. SAWYER. I now insist upon my mo-
tion to suspend the rules, and pass this bill with
the amendments which I have allowed gentle-
men to offer, together with the following addi-
tional amendment to section three, providing,
for surveys: '
Tor survey of Fifteen Mil? falls, Hampshire;
at Goldsborough, North Carolina, to the ttrcrath of
the Neuse river; at Camden,"Arkansas, to Trinity,
Louisiana, on the WashitariVer; for the survey of
the Cape Fearq,n4 Pog rivers, as far up as La Grange,
North Carolina.
I also move to amend the section by insert-
ingbetween the words "Norfolk harbor" and
"Virginia" the woyds "and Elizabeth and
Nansemond rivers;" also, to add to the sec-
tion "at Bayou Bartholomew, from its mouth
to the Arkansas State line."
Mr. McNEELY. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was not ag eed to, upon a divis-
ion—ayes 45, noes.92.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion to suspend the rules and pass this
bill, with the amendments indicated by the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Sawyer.]'
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to a
poin t of order on the fourth section of this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The fourth
section of this bill is as follows :
And be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of
"War be, and he is hereby, authorized and required
to prevent or remove encroachments upon or
obstructions placed in the navigable waters of the
channels and harbors of the United States, said
prevention or removal to be made at the expense
of the parties making or causing said obstruction
or encroach men t.
My point of order is that the Committee on
Commerce had no authority to report a pro-
vision to levy a tax in this way upon the people
of this country. And let me add, for the con-
sideration of the Chair, that this is one of the
most dangerous powers that can possibly be
given to the Secretary of War, for it allows
that officer, whoever he may be, to enforce that
power in any and every harbor of the country.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is
one to suspend the rules and pass the bill, as
reported from the committee, together with
sundry amendments pending thereto. The
Chair cannot, under such a motion, rule upon
the parliamentary propriety of the fourth sec-
tion of this bill. If the House shall refuse to
suspend the rules, and that section shall be
reached in order, the Chair will rule upon it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. _ All points
of order were reserved upon this bill.
The SPEAKER. All points of order under
the rules of this House. But the pending
motion is a motion to suspend those rules, and
that carries with it all points of order. «
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I desire to raise a
point of order on another portion of this bill,
for the purpose of calling the attention of the
House and of the Chair to it:
For examination and surveys for improvement on
the northern and northwestern lakes and rivers, and
the Atlantic and Pacific coasts, and for contingen-
cies of rivers and harbors not provided for in this
act, $175,000.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see
any point of order involved in that.
The question was then taken on the motion
to suspend the rules; and upon a division there
were—ayes 90, noes 48; not two thirds in the
affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SAWYER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk began to call the roll, when
Mr. POTTER said: I hold in my hand an
amendment to the fourth section of this bill,
which meets the views of my colleague, [Mr.
Brooks, of New York,] and which F think
will be satisfactory to this House.
The SPEAKER. The call of the roll can-
not be suspemfej! for the purpose of receiving
any amendment to this bill.
The call of the roll was then concluded; and
therp were—yeas 149, nays 39, not voting 52;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, At-
wood, Axtell, Barnum, Barry, Beaman, Bennett,
Benton, Be'hune, Biggs, Bird, Blair, Boles, George
M, Brooks, Buck, Buckley. BufTinton, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Calkin,' Churchill, William T.
Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cohh, Clinton L. Cobb,
Coburn, Conger, Conner, Corner, Cowles, Cullom,
Darrall, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Joseph Dixon,
Nathan F. Dixon, Bockery, Donley. Dox, Duke,
Dyer, Ela, i'ernrs, 3?erry,- Eirikclnburff, Fisher, Gar-
field, Hale, Hambleton, Hamill, Hamilton, Harris,
Hawkins, i! aw Icy. Hays, Hefiin, Hill, Hoar, Hoi-
man, HolnSes, Hooper, Jenckes, Johnson, Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr, Keteham,
Knapp, Laflin, Long, Loughridge, Lynch, Manning,
Mayham, Maynard, McCrary. Mr-Grew, MeKee, Mc-
Kenzie, Mereur.Eliakim H.Moore,William Moore,
Morey, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers,
Niblack, O'Neill, Orth. Packard, Packer. Halbert
E. Paine, William W. Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce,
Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Pot-
ter, Prosser, Rainey, Reeves, Rogers, Roots. San-
ford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schumaker, Seofield, Lionel
A.Sheldon, Shober, Sloeum, John A. Smith, Joseph
S. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Strader,Strick-
land, Strong, Swann, Sypher, Taylor, Tillman, Town-
send, Trimble. Twichell, Tyner.V an Hora.Voorhees,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn.
Wheeler, Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson, Wolf, and
W ood—149.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Bailey, Beatty,
Beck, Bingham, Booker, James Brooks, Burchard,
Cessna, Crebs, Duval, Farnsworth, Getz, Haldeman,
Hay, Thomas L. Jones, Lawrence, Lewis, Marshall,
McCarthy, MeCormicfc, McNeely, Milnes, Morgan,
Morphis, Mungen, Randall, Shanks, Taffe, Van
Auken, Van Trump, Welker, Wells, Willard, Wil-
liams. Winans, Winchester, and Young—39.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Adams, Arne.ll, Asper,
Ayer, Banks, Benjamin, Bowen, Boyd, Burr*. Roderick
R. Butler, Cake, Cleveland, Cook, Cox, Dickinson,
Eldridge, Fitch, Fox, Gibson, Gilfillan, Griswold,
Haight, Hoge, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll. Alexander H.
Jones, Knott, Lash, Logan, Jesse H. Moore, Mor-
rissey, Negley, Newsham, Price, Rice, Porter Shel-
don, Sherrod, Stevens, Stiles, Stokes, Stone,Sweeney,
Tanner, Upson, Van Wyek, Wallace, Ward, White-
ley, Whitmore, John T. Wilsbn,' Witch fir, and
Woodward—52. " '
So (two thirds having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were suspended, and the bill,
with the amendments, was passed.
bridge over the arkansas iuter.
Mr. ROOTS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. S065) amendatory of
an act authorizing the construction of a bridge
across the Arkansas river at Little Rock, ap-
proved July 1, 1870; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Railways and Canals, and ordered to be
printed.
post koote bill.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks,' notifying
the House that that body had passed the bill
(H. R. No. 2998) to establish certain post
roads, with sundry.amendments, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope there will
be no objection to taking the amendments up
and acting on them at this time. They merely
establish new post roads, and there can be no
objection to them.
There was no objection; and the amend-
ments of the Senate were taken up and con-
curred in.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by- which the Senate amendments
were concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
amendment to the bankrupt law.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous, consent,
from the Committee on Revision of the Laws
of the United States, reported certain proposed
amendments to the bankrupt law; which were
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
leaye to print.
Mr. REEYES asked and obtained leave to
print in the Globe some remarks on the river and
harbor appropriation bill. [See Appendix.]
Mr. LAWRENCE asked and obtained leave
to print in the Globe some remarks and ac-
companying documents on his joint resolution
proposing an amendment to the Constitution ;
also, some remarks on the McGarrahan claim.
[See Appendix.]
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House take
a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And then (at four o'clock and fifty-five min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned. ■
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees: ~
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of D. W.
Roach, a citizen of Henry county, Alabama,
asking for the removal of his political disabil-
ities imposed by the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: Petitions of
settlers on the Cherokee strip, in Kansas, for
the immediate survey and sale of the same.
Also, petitions of settlers on the lands of
the Little and Great Osage Indiana, in Kansas,
asking that settlers may take lands in adjacent
legal subdivisions in quantities not exceeding
one hundred and sixty acres.
By Mr. DUVAL: The petition of Benjamin
D. Sanders, of Brooke county, West Virginia,
praying for a law to enable him to prosecute
an appeal from a decree of the United States
circuit court of the western district of Penn-
sylvania, now barred by the statute of limit-
ations.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of William
M. Ferry, H. C. Pearsons, and 31 others, pray-
ing for the passage of a joint resolution to
secure eligibility "to American ships for foreign
trade and to encourage ship-building in the
United States.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Elijah
Cudgington, praying Congress to grant com-
pensation for services as scout and spy, or lieu-
tenant, performed under direction of General
George H. Thomas in East Tennessee.
By Mr. MORRILL, of Maine: A petition
of citizens of Porter, Oxford county, Maine,
ill favor of Senate bill No. 1227, to secure
cheap transportation of breadstuffs and provis
ions from the West to the sea-bord, at uniform
rates throughout the year.
By Mr. STEVENSON : Several petitions of
cigarmakers of Cincinnati, praying relief from
unjust taxation.
By Mr. STRONG : A memorial, signed by
145 citizens of New Jersey, praying for the
enactment o.f a law to prevent further land
grants to corporations and to preserve the
public domain to actual settlers.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 23, 1871.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. in.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
D. D.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the Journal of yesterday's proceed-
ings. *
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the reading of the
Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is scarcely more
than one third of a quorum of the Senate
present, and I object to dispensing with the
reading of the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal will
be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings; and at the
expiration of eight minutes,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is a quo-
rum in the Chamber, and if no one has any
objection I move to dispense with the further
reading of the Journal.
