1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1557
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading.
The reading of the Journal was continued
for two minutes,
Mr. SHERMAN. The Journal is very long,
and the Senator from Kentucky is willing to
withdraw his objection to dispensing with its
reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky withdraw his objection?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. I renew the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will continue the reading of the Journal.
The reading of the Journal of yesterday's
proceedings was continued and concluded.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 647) to incor-
porate the Texas Pacific Railroad Company,
and to aid in the construction of its road, and
for other purposes.
Mr. HOWARD. If it be in order, I move
that the Senate do not concur in the amend-
ments of the House, and ask for a conference
with the House thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit a motion that
the Senate concur in the Honse amendments.
I do not care about taking up the question
this morning.
Mr. STEWART. Perhaps the bill and
amendments had better be referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. Oh, no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan moves that the Senate non-concur
in the amendments of the House, and ask for
the appointment of a committee of conference.
The Senator from Ohio moves concurrence,
which motion has priority.
Mr. WARNER. Is it in order to move that
the bill and amendments lie on. the table?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. WARNER. This bill has jnst been
printed and laid on our desks this morning,
with the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives. Those amendments iu fact amount
to an entire new bill, which Senators have had
uo opportunity to examine, and which they
cannot therefore act intelligently upon. I
move that the bill and amendments lie on the
table for the present.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that. I think the matter ought to lie on the
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion lias
priority of the two motions now pending. The
Senator from Alabama moves that the bill and
amendments lie on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a temporary
motion, 1 understand.
Mr. WARNER. Certainly ; to allow exam-
ination.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the bill be
laid on the table it will require a motion to
take it up at some time when the Senate shall
be disposed to consider it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then suppose we simply
l y it aside informally.
'Mr. EDMUNDS. If laid ou the table it
can be taken up at any time by a vote. The
table is the best place to look at it.
Mr, SHERMAN. Very well; let it lie on
the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the . Senator from Alabama,
that the bill and amendments lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PANOCUH GliANDE I.AND GRANT.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before
the Senate the joint, resolution (H. R. No. 518)
in relation io Uk! Punocht) Grande land grant.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that.that joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
Mr. EDMUNDS, I ask that it be read if
we are to talk about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I only want to say a
word about its reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont has the right to have it read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to take up
time, but I think it is rather short, from the
appearance of it, and I should like to hear
what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois is recognized. Does he yield to have
the joint resolution read?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
The joint resolution was read. It is a direc-
tion to the Secretary of the Interior to cause
the record on pages 312 to 321, inclusive, in
volume four of ''California Land Claims,"
of the patent of a tract of land known as the
Panoche Grande, as set forth therein, to be
transcribed into the records as the same stood
on the record book of the General Land Office
at the time it was examined, without any
mutilation or erasure whatever, so that the
legal effect of the record so transcribed shall
be the same as if the original record had never
been interfered with or mutilated; and when
such record shall have been so made, asherein
provided, it shall be marked "examined," as
it was originally marked. The President of
the United States is todo in the premises what-
ever may, in his judgment, be just and equita-
ble, without regard to any action or proceeding
had subsequent to the 14thday ofMarch, 1863,
the date of the patent recorded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have only a word to
say, and that is in regard to the reference of
the joint resolution. I do not suppose the
resolution can be acted upon by the Senate at
the present session. It certainly cannot be
if it is referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. I have never investigated the McGar-
rahan claim at all; but from what I have heard
outside, I presume it is a claim that will re-
quire considerable investigation if we are to
pass upon it intelligently ; and that being so,
I am sure there can be no object in referring
it to the Committee on the Judiciary at this
stage of the session.
But there is one other suggestion I wanted
to make. This subject has once been consid-
ered in the Senate by the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and they understand all about
it; and if it is to go to any committee it strikes
me it had better go to the committee which
had charge of it before, the Committee on
Private Land Claims, which has investigated
it. That would be the proper disposition of
it if it is to be referred ; but I am not sure but
that the better motion would be to let it lie
on the table altogether. However, if it is to
be referred, I should move its reference to the
Committee on Private Land Claims which has
once considered the subject. Certainly that
would be the appropriate committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 do not wish to take up
time ; but I will state that the bill on this sub-
ject that was considered by the Committee on
Private Land Claims was a bill properly re-
ferred to that committee j it was a bill ou the
part of Congress making a specific grant ot
land to an individual. This joint resolution
involves exclusively judicial questions. One
portion of it refers to the records of the Inte-
rior Department, and the other part of the
resolution instructs the President to proceed
and disregard a decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States, and all the rights that
have accrued to this land since 1863 by indi-
viduals who have taken possession under that
decision. It is altogether and exclusively a
judicial question. One question, which I con-
ceive to be one of great magnitude, is as to
whe'.liei* or u u. when the Supreme Court has
decided a claim to be fraudulent and void,
Congress can instruct the President to proceed
without any regard to that decision?
This joint resolution involves questions of
that description; and as it came from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary in the House of Rep-
resentatives it appears to me that, if it is to be
referred at all, we ought to have the opinion
of the lawyers of this body upon these grave
questions. For that reason I moved its refer-
ence to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does it not involve the
same investigation that was made before ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Not at all.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall not take
up the morning hour in considering this mat-
ter. It is certainly a very difficult one to act
upon. I think the joint resolution had bet-
ter lie on the table for the present. Let us
get it out of the way of the morning business.
We have not time to attend to this subject, I
am sure, at this session, one way or the other.
I therefore move that the joint resolution lie
on the table. c
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion. I wish to suggest that
if it is laid on the table it is liable to be called
up at any time, and that will involve the neces-
sity of watching it during the whole session.
If it could not be called up without notice,
that would be a different thing.
Mr. WILSON. I apprehend nobody will
be in a hurry to get this joint resolution up,
for 1 suppose a measure of this kind could
not pass the Senate without days of debate.
I think it would take up the whole session to
consider it. I hope it will be laid on the table,
out of our way for the present, and let us go
on with the business that is pressing so very
hard upon us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator move to lay it on the table?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President-—
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
lay on the table is not debatable.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish the Senator would
withdraw that motion for one moment.
Mr. WILSON. Why should I withdraw it?
We want to get rid of it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, that the joint resolution lie on the tabic.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move that the joint
resolution which has just been laid on the
table be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating the report of the Superin-
tendent of the Coast Survey for the year end-
ing November 1, 1870; which was ordered to
lie on the table, aud be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PRATT. I present joint resolutions
of the General Assembly of the State of
Indiana. The first in the series of resolutions
instructs the Senators and requests the Rep-
resentatives in Congress from that State to
vote against all future appropriations aud ex-
penditures of the public moneys to be applied
and disbursed for improvements of the national
capital in its present location. The second
resolution I will read:
"Resolved, That consideiing the fact of tho terri-
torial extent, fertility of soil, and growth of . the
population in the great basin of the Mississippi
valley, it is bat right and proper that tho national
capital, in order that it may subserve tho great
national purpose ofits existence, should bo located
centrally therein."
And the third resolution is as follows :
"Resolved, That our Senators nnd Representatives
in the Congress of the United States be, arid are
herebv instructed to pros* this matter upon tho
attention of Congres?, and to use all proper and
legitimate means to efieetnate the removal ot tho
capital Iroui ihu picsctu lo^aiK-n towiieseu will
have uentraiKy as to population, tcmioiy, weuitu,
