1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Woodward.
Ho. of Ebps.
But this is not all. These subsidies are
always in the interest of special classes and for
the benefit of the rich and powerful. One of
the most significant signs of the times is the
vast power and influence capital is seeking to
exert and is bent on wielding in this and other
Governments for its own selfish ends. And it
must be met in its chosen field of aggression
and firmly resisted. In asking subsidies it is
ever proposing to have the Government take
the substance of the people to aid it in some
enterprise that will be for their benefit. It
treats the American people as if they were iu
a state of pupilage and in need of its protective
and sustaining guardianship, to be exercised
through the Government. If a few capitalists
wish to enter into the business of ship-building
we are assured that the only way this business
can be successfully carried on is by Government
giving large bounties and subsidies to assist
them. If a few companies propose to estab-
lish lines of ocean steamers between this coun-
try and foreign ports, we are gravely told that
Congress must vote them a heavy subsidy of
millions of dollars out of the national Treas-
ury every year. In a short time there will not
be a canal-lock altered, or a bridge over a river
of any width built, or a breakwater anywhere
constructed without first getting large subsi-
dies for the purpose, if this great abuse be not
stopped at once. Congress has already given
to corporations too many subsidies in land
and money for the good of the country, and I
hope we have seen the last.
Sir, at this time, when that question of great-
est magnitude, how shall the gigantic corporate
monopolies of the country be controlled, is
looming up for consideration, is it the part
of wisdom to go on, as proposed in these land-
grant and subsidy bills now pending in Con-
gress, creating them by scores and cnriching
them with fabulous wealth, to still further
make the solution of that grave question all
the more difficult ? This is a question I wish
to put to every member on this floor. For I
tell you there is no problem in the field of
American politics that so pressingly calls for
a solution as the one how the corporate mo-
nopolies of this country are to be controlled,
and none awakens prol'ounder apprehensions
in the minds of the people as to the result.
Is there no just cause for alarm when it is
stated by an able writer that in this Union
three States "are as much controlled in their
political, financial, and commercial interests
by railways within their borders as ever the
people in the feudal times were contfolled by
the baron in his castle?" And, sir, a member
of this House has told us that three or four
lines of railroad from the Bast to the West
have, in combining together, by their extor-
tionate charges for transportation, robbed the
people of the western States in the last four
years of enough to construct and equip a rail-
road from the city of St. Louis to New York.
In conclusion I will say that as I am
opposed to the sale of the public lands in
order to raise revenue for the Government, I
am still more strongly opposed to giving them
away, and especially to soulless and heartless
corporations. They are not ours to give away.
These lands belong to the people. They are
held in trust by the Government for the free-
men of this country, and we are required by
the highest considerations of public duty to
faithfully perform the obligations of that trust.
For my part, I know of but one safe course
• to pursue in the discharge of my duty here,
and that is to strive to keep and sacredly
reserve these lands for homesteads for the mil-
lions who will too surely need them. If we
do this we shall render more secure this pre-
cious inheritance of the people and widen and
strengthen the foundations of our liberties.
And then, in the future, as we contemplate
our broad and far-reaching agricultural dis-
tricts, we may look for the virtue and intelli-
gence, in large measure, that are to conserve
and perpetuate those liberties.
Enforcement of Fifteenth Amendment.
REMARKS OF HON. G. W. WOODWARD,
OE PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 15, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 2634) to amend an act approved May 31,
1870, entitled "An act to enforoe the rights of citi-
zens of the United States to vote in the several States
of this Union, and for other purposes"—
Mr. WOOD WARD said:
Mr. SrEAKEa: During the last session of
Congress a bill was reported by the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary and passed,
consisting of twenty-three sections, entitled
" An act to enforce the right of citizens of
the United States to vote in the several States
of this Union, and for other purposes." And
now, sir, we have a supplement to that act,
drawn by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Churchill,] and reported by the chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary; a bill con-
sisting of eighteen sections, supplementary to
the act of last session.
Mr. Speaker, I have asked myself the ques-
tion, which I suppose is a proper one for every
Representative of the people to ask for him-
self when legislation involving constitutional
questions is proposed, on what constitutional
ground is this proposed legislation based? I
ask this question because the Government of
the United States being a Government of del-
egated powers, aud this Congress exercising
only the legislative powers delegated in the
Constitution of the United States, the very first
question that arises is this: does the proposed
legislation fall within any of the powers dele-
gated to this legislative body ? And upon
looking into the Constitution for the excuse or
justification, as gentlemen call it, for this legis-
lation, I am referred to the fourth section of
the first article, which reads as follows:
" The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof;
but the Congress may at any time by law make or
alter such regulations except'as to the place of
choosing Senators."
Now, Mr. Speaker, the latter clause of this
fourth section, which gives to Congress the
power to alter the regulations made by the
States, has been and is a dead letter in the Con-
stitution of the United States. The Congress
of the United States has never practiced upon
it, has never asserted it; and when you take
into view the lapse of time since this Consti-
tution was adopted, the practice of the Gov-
ernment for this long period is the highest
evidence of the meaning of this constitutional
provision, which is that the whole subject of
regulation of elections is reserved to the States
and is not granted to the Federal Government.
The framers of the Constitution have told us
what purposes the latter clause of the fourth
section was intended to answer. One or
more States might refuse to elect Senators
and Representatives, and so dissolve their
political connection with the Union. If any
State should so regulate elections as to pro-
duce this result, the power was delegated to
Congress to alter such regulations. This is
the scope and meaning of the clause. But
the contingency contemplated by the framers
having never occurred, the clause has lain a
dead letter in the Constitution, and the prac-
tice of the Government throughout its history,
until the strange times upon which we have
fallen, has recognized the State right of regu-
lating elections. It is in its nature an exclu-
sive power. If not exercised by any particu-
lar State, the Federal Government may com-
pel its exercise so far as to secure a repre-
sentation in Congress ; but if exercised it is
exclusive, and belongs absolutely to the State
governments. And this long practice of the
Government is the highest possible evidence
in favor of this interpretation of the clause in
question.
The argument receives additional support
from the second section of the first article of
the Constitution, which is in these words:
" The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by tho people
of the several States, and the electors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legislature."
Thus the Constitution, in providing for mem-
bers to sit in this Hall, bases itself entirely on
the unrestrained sovereign will of the States.
Each State was to prescribe the qualifications
of electors for the most numerous branch of
its own State Legislature. Nobody can doubt
that. It would not be a free and independent
State if it might not define the electors of its
own Legislature ; and the same electors were
to choose the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives. And so in regard to electors
for President and Vice President; they were
to be chosen in each State " in such manner as
the Legislature thereof may direct."
The only elective officers of the Federal Gov-
ernment were to owe their elections to such
electors as the States should qualify, and this
shows the importance of such a conditional
grant of power as that which is expressed in
the last clause of the fourth section of article
one. For, if the States qualified no electors
the Federal Government could have no elect-
ive officers; but if the States kept up elections,
as indeed they were bonnd to do if they would
remain republican in their form of government,
why, then, Federal elective officers were to ba
chosen by electors qualified by the States, and
the Federal Government was to have no con-
trol over State elections whatever.
Now I ask what is the authority for the ex-
traordinary legislation of last session and that
which is proposed by this bill? Not the clause
of the fourth section, because that was limited
to a contingency which has not happened.
Every State has a Legislature, an election law,
and annual or biennial elections. Evey State,
therefore, qualifies electors. And the Consti-
tution of the United States refers all elective
officers of the Federal Government to those
State electors. The time has not come, the
contingency has not happened, for the exercise
of the power delegated by the latter clause of
the fourth section, and the proposed legislation
cannotbe supported upon any such foundation.
But gentlemen say that thia legislation is
necessary to enforce the right of citizens to
vote in the several States—and such, indeed,
was the title of the act of last session, to which
the present bill is supplementary—that is to
say, it is appropriate legislation for carrying
the fifteenth amendment into effect. They can-
not base it upon the fourteenth amendment,
for that in its first section refers only to oiviS
rights of citizens, which have been guarded by
abundant legislation already. And that sec-
tion has no reference to suffrage, else there
would have been 210 need of the fifteeutl
amendment:
The fifteenth amendment, then, is the only
ground on which the bill can stand. Let ua
see what is the very text of that amendment
" Section 1. The right of citizens of the United
States to rote shall not be denied orabridged by tho
United States or by any State on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
" Sec. 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce
this article by appropriate legislation."
This amendment recognises such a thing as
the right of citizens of the United States to
