1658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
political power, natural resources, and internal trade
and commerce."
I move that these resolutions be printed, and
laid on tlie table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Michigan, in favor of an
appropriation for deepening and completing
the channel between the waters of Lake Supe-
rior and Eagle harbor; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed. . . -
Mr. CHANDLER. I also present a con-
current resolution of the Legislature of Michi-
gan, instructing the Senators and requesting
the Representatives in Congress from that
State to use their influence to secure such
action as will extend the operation of the ex-
tradition treatynow existing between the Brit-
ish and United States Governments, so that it
may include a much greater variety of criminal
offenses against the laws of both countries than
are found to be now provided' for by the pro-
visions of the Ashburton treaty. I move that
it be printed and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. HOWARD. . I beg to say one word in
reference to the request of the Legislature of
Michigan in reference to the extradition treaty.
Years ago I took it upon myself to call the
special attention of the Secretary of State of
the United States to that subject, and made
known to him the inconveniences that arose
from month to month from the fact that we
have no extradition treaty by which criminals
of a certain class can be brought to justice.
He promised me that he would lay it before
the British minister, and that he would en-
deavor to secure an alteration of the treaty of
extradition in such a way as to meet the inter-
ests and requirements of the people of the
northwestern frontier. Whether he did so, or
whether any correspondence was had between
the two Governments on that subject, lam not
able to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOREMAN presented apetition of Levi
J. Powell, praying compensation for printing
done by order of the military authorities at
Clarksburg, West Virginia, during the late war;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CASSERLY presented apetition of cit-
izens and property-holders along the line of the
Central Pacific railroad, praying the sale, on
reasonable terms, of the timber lands along
said road ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. McDONALD presented the petition of
John G. Connelly, of Clarkesville, Johnston
county, Arkansas, praying the removal of his
political disabilities ; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. SHERMAN presented four petitions of
citizens of Kentucky, praying the passage of
the bill (S. No. 1330) to promote the con-
struction of the Cincinnati and Southern rail-
way ; which were ordered to lie on the table.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to make a correction in the
amendments to the bill (H. II. No. 2998) to
establish certain post roads, which was passed
last evening. By inadvertence an amendment
was included providing for a post route from
Steilacoom City to the Sandwich Islands. I
desire to have that stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota asks unanimous consent to strike
out a post route which, by mistake, was in
eluded in the amendments to the post route
bill last evening. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and that correction will be made.
UHPOUTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. COLE. I am directed by the Committee
pn Appropriations to report back, wilh amend
ments, the bill (H, R. No. 2816) making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1872, and for other pur-
poses, and to ask for the immediate consider-
ation of the bill. It is a short bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I object.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will not
object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He does object.
Mr. CAMERON. I must insist upon my
objection.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee' on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1238) to provide additional commercial
and postal facilities in the port of New York,
reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1335) to facilitate
commerce between the United States and
China, Japan, and the countries of Asia,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2942) relating to the entry of pub-
lic lands in the Territories of the United States,
reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee,-to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2933) ceding
certain land in the village of Mackinaw, Mich-
igan, to E. A. Franks, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the petition of Rebecca L. Wright,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 1366) for the relief of Miss Rebecca
L. Wright.
The report was ordered to be printed, and
the bill was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1168) for the relief of distillers of brandy
from grapes, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objee'' n, the bill will be indefinitely post-
poned.
Mr. COLE. No; let that bill go on the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar with the adverse report of the
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish it to be understood
that it is not an adverse report, but that the
committee are indisposed to consider the sub-
ject of a change of the law in regard to the
spirit tax at this session.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is not an adverse
report. We have not considered the subject.
Mr. COLE. I am glad it is not an adverse
report, and I am very sorry the committee
have not concluded to give some relief to this
xii terest
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed upon the Calendar as reported without
recommendation by the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1360) to
increase the internal revenue derived from
lotteries, and for other purposes, have directed
me to report it back, and to state that the
committee are of opinion that this is mani-
festly in violation of the provision of the Con-
stitution in regard to the body in which bills
for raising revenue shall originate.
The bill was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the same
committee, to whom was referred the petition
of the trustees of the International Methodist
Episcopal Church at Niagara Falls, New York,
praying that they may be allowed to import
stone from Canada for the construction of their
church free of duty, have directed me to
report it back and say that the committee are
indisposed to make any exception to the tariff
laws.
The committee were discharged frqm the
further consideration Qf the petitiop,
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the same
committee to report a bill in regard to the col-
lection of the direct tax, but as this is a mat-
ter which involves a great deal of controversy,
it is manifestly impossible to pass the bill at
this session, and I therefore ask that it be
printed and recommitted to the committee.
The bill (S. No. 1365) to provide for com-
pleting the collection of the United States
direct tax apportioned among the several
States and Territories by the act of Congress
approved August 3, 1861, was read twice by
its title, and recommitted to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by Uie
same committee to report back the bill (S. No.
1353) to provide for the appointment of Assist-
ant Treasurers of the United States at Chicago
and Cincinnati, and I should like to have it
r\ q qqaH
Mr. CAMERON. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 488) to enable owners to
obtain duplicate of lost evidence of inde:bt-
ment against the United States, reported it
with amendments.
NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by the
Committee on Finance to report back the bill
(H. R. No. 2000) to declare the construction
of section fifty-five of an act entitled " An act
to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,''
approved June 3, 1864, and the acts amend-
atory thereof, and to amend the same, and to
ask that it be put on its passage now. It is a
House bill which ought to have been passed
before, and really escaped my attention. There
will be no objection to it, I am sure. It is a
very brief bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I object to its considera-
tion now.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will take no time ; it
is a matter of public importance,
Mr. CAMERON. I know; but I shall have
to object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio perhaps had better withdraw the
report now and present it on some other morn-
ing when there may be less pressure of busi-
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I can with-
draw it.
Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be voted on.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No,
2000) to declare the construction of section
fifty-five of an act entitled "An act to provide
a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 3,1864, and the acts amendatory thereof,
and to amend the same, was considered a4
in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
section fifty-live of the act entitled "An act.
to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,"
approved June 3, 1804, and all acts amenda-
tory of that section shall be construed to apply
'to every president, director, cashier, teller,
clerk, or agent of any banking association,
whether organized under that act or under the
act entitled "An act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved February 25,
1863.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PENSION BILLS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions to report three House bills
favorably, withoat amtmdttjesH! granting pen-
