124
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[February 15,
Ho. of Keps.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Eporhces.
41st Cong.,..3d Sess.
vote in the States, and it forbids the States to
deny that right to any citizen of the United
States on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude. It is a negative rule
to the States, which like the other negatives or
inhibitions of the Constitution executes itself,
and needs no supplementary legislation. "No
State," says- the tenth section of article one
of the Constitution, "shall enter into any
treaty, alliance, or confederation; grant letters
of marque or reprisal; coin money ; emit bills
of credit; make anything but gold and silver
coin a tender in payments of debts; pass any
bill of attainder, ez post facto law, or law
impairing the obligation of contracts, or grant
any title of nobility.'' These all are legislative
inabilities, self-imposed by the States, and the
fifteenth amendment is another instance of
the same disabling character. The States
surrender their power over these several sub-
jects, and, until they attempt to resume it, it
is absurd to talk about congressional legisla-
tion to enforce such provisions. They need no
enforcement. They execute themselves. The
moment the requisite number of States rati-
fied the fifteenth amendment (if, indeed, the
requisite number of States ever did ratify it)
the States were no longer able to deny or
abridge suffrage on account of race, color, or
previous condition. And no State has at-
tempted any such legislation.
On the contrary, it is well known to every
gentleman on the floor, as part of the current
political history of our time, that every State
conformed to the compactand admitted negroes
to the suffrage. This is what the fifteenth
amendment meant, and the States, all of them,
whether approving the amendment or disap-
proving it, whether voluntarily assenting there-
to, or cheated into an apparent assent which
was unreal, or whether coerced by sword and
bayonet, or by legislation, more cruel than
swords and bayonets, all, every one of them,
came bravely and promptly up to the demands
of that ill-starred amendment. New York
adapted her constitution to it. In Pennsyl-
vania we have not yet expunged the word
"white" from the elective clause of our con-
stitution, but we have suffered it to be obscured
by the fifteenth amendment, and our colored
population have been as freely admitted to the
ballot as if the word white had never been
in our Constitution. Other States have con-
formed to the rule with equal promptness and
precision. They have consented that their
exclusive jurisdiction over suffrage shall be so
exercised as not to exclude negroes. Thus
the fifteenth amendment has bad free course
and been glorified.
Now, sir, in view of these facts, which no
man here or elsewhere will contradict, what,
I ask, but a shallow sham, is the title of this
legislation ? "An act to enforce the right of
citizens to vote." Nonsense. The fifteenth
amendment enforced that right. True, the
power to legislate for its enforcement is granted
by the second section, but this bill and no
other can be a sincere exercise of that power
until somebody resists or denies the right.
Legislation to enforce what a constitutional
provision has already enforced ought to be
laughed out of the House. What would my
learned friend from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, say of
two laws of forty-odd sections—long, complex,
and obscure sections—to "enforce" any of the
inhibitions of the tenth section, which I have
just quoted? Would not his common sense
recoil from such preposterous legislation ?
Yet it would be no more unnecessary, no more
absurd legislation than that which is proposed
now, though it might easily be more candid
and honest.
No, sir, no; the fifteenth amendment,
though made the stalking-horse to bear up this
legislation, does not and cannot sustain it. It
is utterly without root in the Constitution.
My friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Eluridge]
characterized it none too strongly when he
denounced it as a cheat, a delusion, and a
snare. It is a bill to obstruct suffrage, to
deliver the ballot-boxes of the States into
the hands of the pimps, spies, and paid rogues
of the Republican party ; a bill, in a word, to
prevent the Democratic citizens from enjoying
a free and fair ballot. And it marks a curious
feature of our times. The fifteenth amend-
ment extended suffrage to negroes; the legis-
lation to "enforce" that amendment takes
away suffrage from white men. The philos-
ophy of all this is, if philosophy can be pred-
icated of the politics of the Republican party,
that the political power of the country is to
be torn from white men and delivered to
negroes; the African is to rule the Anglo-
Saxon. To this complexion has the party of
great moral ideas come at last. By glozing
speeches and honeyed words they have deluded
the people for several years past. They hope
to continue the delusion until they shall have
undermined the States and stolen all their
rights and consolidated one grand central
empire on the ruins of the Eepublic.
The prophetic soul of the President already
discerns the living resemblance of our nascent
empire to that which King William and Bis*
marck are building up to bless the Germans,
and very soon, if the people continue power in
the hands that wield it now, the resemblance
of the two empires will become so palpable
that common and uninspired men will not only
see but will feel what the President hails in
the future, the blessings of a military despot-
ism. All our legislation points this way. The
bill now before us is one of the steps in this
downward road. It would be more manly
and fair if it bore its real purpose upon its
frontlets. Why not call it a bill to destroy
the State right of regulating suffrage? Or, a bill
to prevent white men from voting. Or, a bill
to continue the Republican party in power?
Why christen it with the grim sarcasm of a
"bill to enforce the right of voting?"
It is not my purpose to analyze the details
of the bill. That has been sntficiently done
by those who have gone before me. The effect
of it will be to take the control of the elections
out of the hands of State officers, acting under
State law, and deliver it over to irresponsible
Federal supervisors, who are armed with the
power of the posse comitatus; of the Army and
the Navy ; of arrests without warrant; of chal-
lenging voters, inspecting ballots, and super-
vising returns; and they will be very awkward
agents of the ruling power if, with all these
appliances, they cannot produce any result
that may be required. True it is, that all this
machinery is limited to elections for Federal
officers ; but as most States elect their officers
at the same times and places at which Con-
gressmen are elected the practical working of
the machinery will give to Federal officers the
same control over elections for State officers
that they will have in the choice of presidential
electors and Congressmen. And if the States,
to escape this intolerable tyranny, should fix
State elections on other days, and, after the
fashion of former times, should choose their
officers unawed by Federal bayonets, what
would it avail in the presence of the high and
unconstitutional powers which Congress has
already arrogated to itself? What State right
has not been already denied and shamelessly
trampled upon? What cares the mad spirit
of fanaticism for State rights, State protests,
or State legislation ?
With the Supreme Court packed and gagged,
with four bundled millions of tribute money
annually wrung from the people; with an army
to collect revenues and control elections; with
a Navy to absorb twenty millions of money
annually for doing nothing but to make itself
a laughing-stock of the world; with corpora-
tions enriched with the public domain ; with
legislative power stretched to. every object
which ambition or avarice can covet, what does
a ruthless party, so clothed and entrenched,
care for the checks and balances of the Con-
stitution and the reserved rights of the States ?
What will they care in the future ? Literally
nothing now and nothing then. If, therefore,
State elections shall survive the dreadful shock
of this legislation, they will survive to no pur-
pose.
There is but one remedy for the evils that
are upon us and the greater and more appalling
evils that threaten us in the near future, and
that is to cast out the men who have abused
power, and bring back the administration of
the Government to its true constitutional basis
and keep it there.
Enforcement of Fifteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. D. W. VOORHEES,
of indiana,
In the House op Representatives,
February 15, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 2G34) to amend an act approved May 31,
1870, entitlod " An aet to enforce the rights of cit-
izens of the United States to vote in the several
States of this Union, and for other purposes"—
Mr. VOORHEES said :
Mr. Speaker: The condition of this House
to-day impresses me painfully. A measure of
the most awful magnitude is under discussion,
and the hour for voting is well-nigh here. In
a few minutes more we will vote on abill which
changes the whole policy of the Government
on the subject most vital to its liberties. It
cannot be denied that the dominant party on
this floor has paid no attention to this great
matter, paid no attention to the discussion
thus far; and I hazard nothing in saying that
there are one hundred members who will
record their votes who have neither read the
bill nor heard a word of the debate. It is one
of the appalling aspects of public affairs that
a measure revolutionizing the entire machinery
of our Government can be pressed through and
become a law with so little attention from the
party that is responsible to the country for its
legislation. And I know now that I speak to
persons who do not intend to be governed by
the reasons given, but by predetermined con-
victions and party necessities.
In the few minutes that are left to me, how-
ever, I shall make known some observations
that press themselves heavily upon my mind.
I call the attention of gentlemen upon the
other side of the House to the great fa.et, now
almost forgotten, now fading away in memory,
that there was a time once in the history of
this Government when such a thing as a Fed-
eral officer approaching the ballot-box in the
various States of this Union and supervising
popular elections all over this widespread
land would have been looked upon with as
much affright as if a wild beast had escaped
from a menagerie, aiid was prowling for prey
in the midst of a peaceable neighborhood.
Until these latter and evil days the people in
the cities and towns and villages, and in their
far-away hamlets, along the banks of the
creeks and rivers, met and held elections, and
no Federal spy or informer dared tread the
hallowed precincts of the people's place of
voting.
In that way the Government was sustained
upon the principle of the fathers, for our fathers
did lay down that this Government rested upon
the consent of the governed. They did lay
