U2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
and that the estimates have been made under
the several statutes. As the care of the Indians
has extended—as we have, so to say, conquered
more territory, or taken more within our juris-
diction—additional agents have been required;
and it is usual to name them in the order of
the various statutes by which they have been
authorized.
The Clerk read as follows:
For pay for six special agents: one for the Pueblo
Indians inNewMexico; one for theMoquis Pueblos
in Arizona; one forthe Pi-Utes in Nevada; one for
the Papasroes and others, in Arizona; one for the
Colorado River agency; and one for the Bannocks
and others at the Fort Hall reservation in Idaho
Territory, $9,000.
Mr. FITCH. 1 move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out the clause "one
lor the Pi-Utes in Nevada;" and also by re-
ducing tlys amount of the appropriation from
$9,000 to $7,500.
I desire to say that this tribe, the Pi-Utes,
ofNevada, is the tribe against whom the Indian
war, heretofore referred to, was directed, and
if any such dramatic scene occurred as that
indicated by my friend from California—if we
ever said to them, as the Administration is sup-
posed to have said to Red Cloud, " We will
hereafter treat you well, and furnish you with
food and clothing, if you will go home and
behave yourselves"—the fact does not appear
in the history of the times. If anything at all
was said to them they were given to understand
that if their depredations were repeated the
volunteersof Caiiforniaand Nevada would pro-
ceed to exterminate the residue of the tribe.
Ever sinco that time the Pi-Utes have been
peaceable, except occasionally when they in-
dulged in robbing the Idaho stages and mur-
dering miners and ranchmen in isolated locali-
ties ; yet they have been peaceable, not because
an Indian agent received $1,500 a year, but
because they had good reason to believe if they
had made open war upon the whites, the whites,
without asking for the assistane of the Gov-
ernment, would proceed to exterminate the
whole of the Pi-Ute tribe.
These Pi-Utes inhabit the country north and
along the line of the Central Pacific railroad.
They have no hunting-grounds which are
invaded by either railroad or settler; first,
because the railroad scarcely more than skirts
the country which they inhabit; and secondly,
because their hunting-grounds aro not of a
character to bo injured by invading settlers.
The Pi-Ute can attack the fierce rabbit in his
lair, or chase tho flying grasshopper to the pit,
or gather pine nuts as of old, and enjoy the
Iruits of his dauntless chase without interrup-
tion or interference from any settler or miner
in the country. In fact the Indians are far
better off than they have ever been before,
because they have mining camps where they
can go and beg, earn, or steal food and cloth-
ing. I venture to say that they do not derive
any benefit whatever from the visits or the
efforts of the Indian agent, who, indeed, sel-
dom visits them. You will lind that if an
Indian wants a blanket he will go to one of
the mining camps, and by a successful game
of cards with another Indian, or by a little
work, or a little begging, or a little larceny, he
can procure a blanket easier and sootier than
by going upon the reservation. I say that this
Pi-Ute Indian agency and this appropriation
are totally unnecessary, and I hope we will
abolish the one by withholding the other.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, the gen-
tleman from Nevada is entirely mistaken as
to the residence of the Itidiahs referred to,
and as to the place where the Indian agent
referred to lives, and in every other detail
which he has given in reference to matters of
fact. This Indian agent lives at St. Joseph,
down in tho valley of the Muddy river, within
four or Eve miles of the Arizona line, and the
Pi-Utes referred to are the tribe of Indians
which roam forward and backwaid across that
line.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from California is in error. The Indians who
inhabit that portion of Nevada are Shoshones,
with a few Apache renegades ; and if the Pi-
Utes should propose to occupy that country
they would not be able to keep their scalps on
their heads for five minutes. [Laughter.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. Mr. Chair-
man, I wish to make an explanation in connec-
tion with the pending paragraph, and to state
that these Pi-Utes who have been referred to
are the Pi-Utes of my country. This agency
was established at my request, and it was in-
tended that the agent should live in Arizona ;
but he took up his residence in the State of
Nevada, just over the line. Nine tenths of
these Indians live in my Territory, and as this
agency was established for the benefit of my
people I move to strike out "Nevada" and
insert "Arizona," which will make it all right.
Mr. SARGENT. The bill, in that respect,
conforms to the estimate. It is the basis on
which the Indian Bureau has sent us informa-
tion ill reference to the matter. I see no good
reason why the word "Nevada" should be
changed to "Arizona." No reason has been
given.
Mr. McCORJIICK, of Arizona. It does not
change the amount of the appropriation.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from Ari-
zona says it does not change the amount of the
appropriation ; but that makes no difference.
The machinery established in view of the facts
by those who are required by Congress to send
us information in reference to all of these sub-
jects says that this is an agency of the State of
Nevada. This Indian agent lives in Nevada,
for the purpose of better taking care of these
Indians, and as the Indian Bureau has seen
no occasion to change the agency I trust the
amendment of the gentleman from Arizona
will not be agreed to, but that the bill in this
regard may be allowed to stand.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Por pay of ninety interpreters, as follows: twenty-
one for tho tribes in Oregon and the Territories of
Washington, Utah, and New Mexico, at $500 each;
thircy-Mx for the tribes elsewhere, at $-101) each ;
sevonteen extra for tho tribes elsewhere, at $100
each; three for tho Indian service in Utah, at S500
each; one tor the Shoshones and one for the Utahs,
at 11,000 each ; one for the Sisseton and Wahpeton
bands ot Sioux, $400; and one forthe Sacs and Poxes
of the Mississippi, now in Tama county,Iowa, 8400;
nine for the Indian service in the Territories of Ari-
zona, Colorado, Idaho, Wyoming, and Nevada, afe
8500 each: in all. S40.500.
Mr. PITCH. I move in the seventy-fifth line
to strike out the words "and Nevada,".and to
strike out in the seventy-sixth line the words
"five hundred." Mr. Chairman, if there is
any person, of any race or color, who has ever
performed the duties of interpreter between
the Indian agents and any band of Indians in
Nevada it has not come within the scope of
my observation. I do not know how the fact
is, but I presume it to be that some person
draws §500 for supposititious services in this
behalf. But so far as regards any necessity for
this expenditure for interpreting between the
Indians and the whites in Nevada, 1 say that it
is wholly unnecessary. The Indians there can
speak enough English to make themselves
understood, or rather enough of them speak
enough English to answer all the purposes of
communication with the agents. But as the
House has voted the rest of the money it may
insist also on giving this $000 to somebody.
I shall, however, call for a division on this
appropriation.
Mr. SARGENT. If the other amendments
had been adopted then this appropriation
should have gone out. As it is 1 cannot agree
to it. If the gentleman from Nevada [Mr.
Fitch] supposes that the Indian tribes cat*
speak English and do not need an interpreter
through whom to make known their wants, he
is very much mistaken. From the gentleman's
description of the Indians it seems to me that
his only acquaintance with them musthavebeen
through _ those who hang around the whisky
saloons in the towns. These are not the ele-
ments which the Indian agents and interpret-
ers have to deal with. They are those who
do not hang around towns, but are to be found
on the plains.
Mr. FITCH. I have no more desire than
has my friend from California to come in con-
tact with that kind of "element;" but I beg to
say that all of the Indians in Nevada do hang
more or less about the towns.
Mr. SARGENT. No doubt the gentleman's
discretion is very much in excess of his valor.
I shall not recommend him for appointment
as an Indian agent or interpreter. He may
have thoroughly studied the Indian character
from the specimens he has met with in the
towns, but I do not think that that is a suffi-
cient qualification.
The question being put on Mr. Fitch's
amendment, it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For presents to and provisions for Indians, $10,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I moire to amend by in-
serting after that paragraph " for the manu-
facture of medals for Indians, $5,000." I
send to the Clerk's desk to be read a letter
from the Secretary of the Interior recommend-
ing this appropriation.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington-, D. C„ January 12,1871.
Sir; During tho past year several medals that
had been presented to ehiefsof variouslndian tribes
by the Government during the Administrations of
Presidents Washington and Jefferson were delivered
into the hands of members of tho "Indian commis-
sion," by the members of the tribes holding them, to
whom they had descended, with, the request that
their Great Father, the President, would accept
them, and in return present them each with a medal
bearing his likeness.
I am informed that a promise to this effect was
made to them by the President. It has always been
the practice of the Government to have a number
of medals manufactured at the commencement of
each Administration for presentation to such Indi-
ans as, in the opinion of the Department, and upon
proper proofs to that effect, had rendered meritori-
ous services, as scouts, in rescuing captives; and
also to chiefs and head-men of the various Indian
delegations who visit Washington on businesspei-
taining to their respective tribes.
In 1869 the regular estimate of $5,000 to defray the
expenses incident to the preparation of the usual
number of medals was submitted tD Congress, but
that body omitted to make the appropriation.
The subj ect engaged the attention of the President
at a recent Cabinet meeting, when a design for the
medals contemplated to be prepared for the purpose
indicated was submitted, and received the approval
of all present. It is herewith transmitted.
In view of the facts stated,I respectfully and ear-
nestly invite the attention ofyour committee to the
subject, and recommend that such sum of money,
not exceeding 45,000, as maybe necessary, be appro-
priated by Congress to onablo this Department to
carry the design into execution.
1 have tho honor to be, your obedient servant,
C. DELANO, Secretary.
Hon. II. L. Dawes, Chairman Committee Appropri-
ations, House of Itepresentatives.
Mr. FITCH. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I do so because an examination of the
design of the proposed medal satisfies me that
it is not such a design as should meet the
approval of the House sufficiently to extract
$5,000 from the Treasury. I think I can sug-
gest a better one. There is a portrait of the
President. On the reverse side there is the
motto, "Peace on earth and good-will toward
men." There is a map embracing the Pacific
ocean, the Atlantic ocean, and the continents
of North and South America, surmounted by
a representation of the Holy Bible, and vari-
ous agricultural implements—the rake, plow,
hoe, and ax ; and there is something that looks
like a tomahawk. I do not know whether it is
a tomahawk or not. Instead of these, I would
suggest^ that we might have the sentimental-
ism which has crept into our Indian legisla-
tion more elaborately and accurately depicted.
We might have the representation of a veni-
son-gorged animal taking an afternoon nap,
and describe the scene as "A chieftain repos-
ing in the lodge of his people." Or we might
have a picture of a band of unwashed thieves
upon a pillaging expedition designated as " A
