1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
?S3
company of Indian braves upon the war-path."
Or we might have a picture of Indian agents
distributing blankets and provisions to the
tribes who receive the bounty of the Govern-
ment, with the companion-picture to that of
the next friend and partner of the agent going
around among the Indians buying the blank-
ets back again for a trifling consideration. Or
we might have a picture of Red Cloud and
Spotted Tail, and their many wives, thronging
the ante-rooms of the White House and the
corridors of the Capitol, and Representatives
and Senators vying with each other as to who
should show most attention to these savages,
who have, perhaps, about their waists long
belts of settlers' scalps. Or we might have a
delineation of a burning cabin and murdered
emigrants in the foreground, with a vanish-
ing, triumphant red man in the distance.
Sir, I suppose we are to expend $5,000 for
these medals, with a portrait of Grant and a
motto which the Indian interpreters, at $500
apiece, can explain to the satisfaction of these
braves. But I am opposed to any such waste-
ful appropriation of public money. Let the
$5,000 be rather expended to bay rifles and
ammunition for the settlers in Arizona, the
constituents of the gentleman who sits behind
me, [Mr. McCormick,] who are to-day driven
from their homes, and almost from the very
capital of their Territory, by these Indians.
Let it rather, I say, be expended to reconquer
a country "which is supposed to be in the occu-
pation of the United States, but over which no
white man can travel to-day without the risk
of being murdered.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SAllGENT. I rise to oppose the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is-exhausted
on this amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I did not debate it.
TheCHAlRMAN. The gentleman offered
the amendment and advocated it by having a
letter from the Secretary of the Interior read.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For actual necessary expenses incurred, and that
may hereafter be incurred, by officers of the Indian
department in the rescue of prisoners from Indian
tribes and returning them to their homes, and for
expenses incident to the an-osfc and confinement
within the territory of the United State?, by order
of such ofiicers, ot persons charged with crimes
against the Indians, $5,0u0..
Mr. SARGENT. I move to strike out the
last word. I do not think the remarks of the
gentleman from Nevada [Mr. Fitch] should
go unanswered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman that he must speak to some
proposition.
Mr. SARGENT. I speak to the proposition
to strike out the word "dollars," which covers
the whole range of necessary appropriations.
I think, sir, it is perfectly proper to remind
the gentleman from Nevada that we are here
engaged in the serious business of legislation,
and not in playing a comedy or indulging in
jokes. If the gentleman "will look back for a
year or two, before this policy of treating the
Indians which he condemns was adopted, he
will find the very picture which he has attempted
to draw of scalping Indians fully illustrated.
He will find that Red Cloud and Spotted Tail,
"whose names seem to amuse him so much,
were then leading their warriors, thirty thou-
sand strong, against the frontier settlers ; that
they ravaged Minnesota and did immense mis-
chief. Now the whole scene has changed ; and
by what means has that change been effected ?
Why, Red Cloud and Spotted Tail wereinduced
to come here and make terms with the Gov-
ernment, and they have in every respect, with
true Indian faith, not Punic faith, carried out
the arrangement they then made, and have
made themselves illustrious in the eyesi^ of
every man who can understand and appreciate
truth by restraining their warriors, so that since
that time there has been no attempt at aggres-
sion in any organized form by the Indians, and
scarcely an instance of the blood of any white
man being shed at all. The whole scene has
changed. Now, the object of the amendment
just adopted was to give men like these this
medal, which they will value, bearing on one side
a portrait of the President of the United States,
and appropriate emblems on the other side ;
a medal recording and illustrating these trans-
actions.
Why, sir, how much do these marks of honor
encourage men in all military and civil pur-
suits ! See how men will fight upon the field
of battle to be made a major general or a mar-
shal of an empire ! And shall not the Indian,
having the same passions which are common
to all human nature, rejoice in the fact that
this great country desires, as has always been
its custom heretofore, to reward his exertions
for the prevention of war and the preservation
of amicable relations, and such illustrations of
truth and good faith as those exhibited by Red
Cloud and Spotted Tail ? I stand here to say
that the honor and truth and disinterestedness
exhibited by these great men, Indians though
they be, belonging to a despised race, is worthy
of emulation by any gentleman, whether he has
a seat upon this floor or not. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. FITCH. I renew the amendment. I
desire simply to say that my friend from Cali-
fornia is incorrect. I have no disposition to
play comcdy in this matter. It is a matter
which to our frontier settlers has assumed the
aspect of tragedy. I do not complain so much
that experiments should be made with refer-
ence to bringing Indian chiefs here and treat-
ing them with distinguished consideration in
the expectation that thereby good might fol-
low, but I complain that there has not been a
wise or a manly policy pursued with reference
to those tribes which cannot be reached by such
influence. I complain, not that we give blank-
ets and presents to Indians that are friendly, but
that we do not.mete out prompt and effective
retribution to those Indians who defy all prof-
fered kindness, and who pursue careers of
rapine and murder without check or molesta-
tion, and almost without remonstrance from
this Government. We take those warriors, for
instance, that are represented by Red Cloud
and Spotted Tail, and it is said we make them
peaceful. Perhaps so; but then we proceed
to take it for granted that the same policy can
be pursued successfully in reference to the
Comanches and Apaches. Sir, what influence
has this peaceful policy had upon the Apaches
of Arizonza?
Mr. DAWES. I would ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. FITCH. Very well.
Mr. DAWES. I would ask the gentleman
what he proposes to substitute for that policy?
Mr. FITCH. Rifles, powder, balls, cavalry
marches, and all the implements and appli-
ances of effective warfare.
Mr. DAWES. I am satisfied. The gentle-
man proposes to butcher the Indians, does he?
As between butchery and humanity, I prefer
humanity. .
Mr. FITCH. I would reply to my friend
from Massachusetts [.Mr. Dawes] by saying
that to those Indians who are insensible to
kindness, who, like the Apaches, murder the
very envoys sent to them for the purpose of
negotiation, who would be satisfied with noth-
ing less than scenes of outrage and murder—
for those Indians I mean extinction. _ And I
gay that with a full sense of the meaning eon-
veved by the word.
Mr. DAWES. Is the gentleman perfectly
certain that he has been appointed for any
such mission as the extermination of any por-
tion of the human race? .
Mr. FITCH. I think when any portron ot
the human race pursue, as do the Apaches, a
mission of rapine and murder, my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] carries his human-
itarian ideas very far, much farther, indeed,
than I am inclined to do, when he proposes no
other policy than that of permitting them to
pursue their career of violence without even
an effort to restrain them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. SARGENT. I will simply say, in reply
to my friend from Nevada, [Mr. Frroo,] that
the policy I have been recommending has
never been applied to the Indians of Arizona,
except in the case of the Navajoes, who are
now a semi-civilized people, and becoming
more so under our treatment. We have never
applied that policy to the Apaches. For the
first time we are by this bill attempting to
apply that policy a little further.
And I will say furthermore, that more than
a month ago a special bill passed this House,
and is now awaiting action in the Senate, in
the absence of Senator Morrill, of Maine,
the able chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations of that body, which bill proposes to
appropriate a sum of money for the purpose
of feeding the Indians of Arizona. Hereto-
fore such a policy, except ia a very poor way,
has never been attempted there. But the
Indian commission, composed of eminent citi-
zens, who have done so much to rescue the
Indian system from degradation and wasteful-
ness, have applied this solution to the prob-
lem of the Indians of Arizona, which is cer-
tainly not a more knotty problem than the
case of the Sioux of Dakota, where they have
been so successful,
Now, I have no doubt that if a year from
now I am permitted to stand here and speak
upon this matter I shall be able to challenge
the attention of any gentleman to the fact that
the condition of affairs in Arizona has been
ameliorated. At any rate, it is worth the
while to try it. I do not believe there is a
creature upon the face of God's footstool that
has not enough of the divine spark in him to
respond to the attempt to rescue him from the
condition in which the gentleman says these
Indians now are.
Mr. FITCH. I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. BECK. I will renew it for the pur-
pose of reminding gentlemen that two years
ago we were trying to cut down the appropria-
tions containedin the Army appropriation bill,
and a contest arose upon the floor of this House
upon the question of economy. Members
here who were members of the Fortieth Con-
gress will recollect that the then chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, Mr. Schenck,
arose in his place and asserted, what we all
knew to be true, that "we had been spending
millions of dollars every year in fighting these
Indians. And he gave as one reason why we
could not cut down the amount proposed to bo
appropriated by the Army appropriation bill
that an immense amount of money was neces-
sary to fight the Indians on the plains. But
since this Indian peace commission has been
in operation they have shown that wherever
they have extended their operations we have
been able to get along with the Indians with-
out fighting them at all.
We are now appropriating less than six
million dollars annually for the Indian service,
which formerly cost us more than forty million
dollars annually, and which will cost us the
same amount again if we go baek to the old
system of killing Indians instead of feeding
them. This House has the choice of two
policies: one to endeavor to keep the Indians
at peace; the other, to try to annihilate them
by means of the Army. The latter experimen t
has been tried; and what has been the result?
Every military oflicerwho appeared before the
committee has said that while sometimes the
Army might kill one, two, three, four, or live
Indians, they would lose one hundred men by
disease, wounds, or in other ways, for every
Indian killed.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question. Have we ever suc-
ceeded in securing peace with ike Indians on
