1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1559
sions to three poor soldiers; and I ask that the
Senate will be good enough to let these poor
fellows, who will not have another chance this
session, get through this morning.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall not object to that.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2234) granting a pen-
sion to Edwin Woodson. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Edwin Wood-
son, late a private in company G, twenty-third
regiment Maine volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2239) granting a pen-
sion to Thomas Maxwell. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Thomas Max-
well, of Savannah, Tennessee, late acting as
guide in the service of the United States, under
the command of General William T. Sherman,
and to pay him the pension of a private.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed. •
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2322) granting a pen-
sion to Byron McKee. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of
the pension laws, the name of Byron McKee,
late a private of company C, eleventh Ohio
volunteer infantry.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following joint
resolution and bill of the Senate without
amendment:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 306) prescrib-
ing the oath to be taken by H. V. M. Miller,
Senator-elect from Georgia; and
A bill (S. No. 1300) to relieve John William-
son, of Savannah, Georgia, of legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speak-
er of the House had signed the following en-
rolled bills; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 2805) supplementary to
an act to establish the Department of Justice.
A bill (H. R. No. 1227) authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river,
form op enacting clause, etc.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
report:
The committeo of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of tho
Senate to tho bill of the House No. 13o3, "to pre-
scribe tho form of the enacting andresolvmg clauses
of acts and resolutions of Congress, and rules for the
construction thereof." having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That tho House of Representatives recede from its
disagreement to the amendments of the Senate and
agree to the same.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
H. B. ANTHONY.
GARRETT DAVIS,
Managers on the part of tits Senate.
L. P. POLAND,
GEO RUE F. HOAR. t,t,
CLARKSON N. POTTER,
Managers on the part of the Uouse.
The report was concurred in.
soldiers' bounties.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report a bill in
relation to bounties. It has only eight lines
in it, and I desire to have it acted on now.
Mr. CAMERON. I must object, because
this morningbelongstomybill ifl can get it up.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senator will find
that this will not take a moment's time, and it
is to carry outa decision ofthe Supreme Court.
Mr. CAMERON. There are only twenty-
five "minutes of the morning hour left.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from
Pennsylvania will allow me to say a word in
explanation of this bill.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is so kind and so persuasive that I
cannot object to anything that he desires. I
suppose I must give way.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that this
bill is to carry out a decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States. The House of
Representatives passed a bill nearly a year
ago on this subject, with some other provisions
in it, and we have not been able, after several
efforts, to get that bill acted on. This is a
simple proposition reported by the Senate
committee to pay bounty to the men who
enlisted from the 4th of May to the 22d of
July, 1861, and it will cost about four hundred
and ten thousand dollars. The money must
be paid; the Supreme Court have made the
decision and we cannot help it. The attitude
of the country for the last year on this subject
is dishonorable.
Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw the objection.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No.
1364) in relation to bounties was read three
times, and passed. It provides that all sol-
diers who were mustered into the service of
the United States for three years, between
the 4th day of May and the 22d of July, 1861,
and who were honorably discharged before
serving two years, by reason of disability con-
tracted in the service, are entitled to receive
$100 bounty.
bills introduced.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1367) amendatory of an act for the con-
struction of a bridge across the Arkansas river
at Little Rock, Arkansas; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1368) to provide for the removal of cer-
tain causes from the State courts to the United
States courts; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOREMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1369) for the relief of Levi J. Powell, of
West Virginia; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
bills recommitted.
Mr. CORBETT. The day before yesterday
I reported from the Committee on Commerce
the bill (S. No. 1330) to promote the construc-
tion of the Cincinnati and Southern railway.
I now move that that bill be recommitted to
the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to make a
similar request. I move that the resolution of
the Legislature of North Carolina, in favor of
amending the first proviso of the fourteenth
section of the bankrupt law, by striking out
"1864" and inserting "1871," and the bill
(S. No. 1362) to amend the fourteenth section
of an act entitled "An act to establish a uni-
form system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States," approved March 2, 1867,
reported by me yesterday from the Committee
on the Judiciary, be recommitted to that com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
centennial anniversary of independence.
Mr. CAMERON. I now move to take up
the House bill in regard to the centennial anni-
versary of independence.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-one,
noes not counted; and the Senate, as in Com-
'mittee of the Whole, resumed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1478) to provide for
celebrating the one hundredth anniversary of
American independence, by holding an inter-
national exhibition of arts, manufactures, and
products of the soil and mine, in the city of
Philadelphia, and State of Pennsylvania, in
the year 1876. -
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York was entitled to the floor on this bill
when its consideration was cut off yesterday
at the end of the morning hour.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 shall give way of course
to the Senator from Jfew York, if he is enti-
tled to the floor; and my good friend is look-
ing so amiable this morning that I am sure
he will put on his old character and suffer this
bill to be passed without any useless oppo-
sition. Yesterday he was not himself. I
should have listened with pleasure to his two
hours' speech if he had made a speech, but to
compel us to listen to thereadingof a newspaper
article—and a very poor article it was, too—
[laughter.] which everybody might have read
before, I think was not in accordance with his
usual character for kindness. My side of this
question requires no speech, and I shall make
none; but I will listen now with pleasure to
the Senator from New York, hoping that he
will not occupy the whole of this morning
again.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I wish
this were a question between the Senator from
Pennsylvania and myself; we could settle it so
easily without troubling the Senate. And if it
is the impression of the Senate that it is a ques-
tion involving no importance except the wish
on the one side of the people of the city of New
York and on the other side of the people of
the city of Philadelphia, I certainly should not
detain the Senate for one moment. The ques-
tion is, first, whether the Government of the
United States shall undertake the business of
holding a national celebration ofthe one hun-
dredth birthday ofthe nation; and, seaond, in
what manner and after what preparation that
celebration shall take place.
Now, if there be nothing ill this of substance
or of appearance which addresses itselt to the
minds ofthe Senate, except whether the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania and his constituents
shall be gratified by securing the occasion for
the benefit of a particular city, then I repeat I
ought not to ask the Senate to listen to me or
to bestow any time upon the question. But
my belief is that all this is premature ; that, il'
to be done at all, it is something which ought
to be considered and canvassed, not in the
Senate merely, but in the country; that sug-
gestions should be received from those com-
petent to make them ; that legislation on this
subject, if at all, should take place after all
the light has been shed upon it that is likely
to be shed by lapse of time.
I am not at all satisfied that one city should
be allowed to monopolize the occasion, whether
it be the city of Philadelphia or the city ot
New York. I am very sure, however, that as
between these two cities the advantages arc
clearly in favor of the city of New York; and
I will say to the Senator from Pennsylvania
that if he is determined to have a vote upon the
whole subject in the form of the present bill,
and we are compelled to decide it upon that
vote, I shall move, in order to test the sense
of the Senate, to strike out Philadelphia and.
insert New York. I do that, although I admit
that I think that is not the way at all to ascer>
