126
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
Ho. of Reps.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Voorhees.
41st Cong 3d Sess.
upon his freedom as an elector? AH these
things are provided for in this bill. The reg-
ulation small-arms, the cartridge, the bayo-
net, the cannon, the shot, the shell, and the
lighted brand are all in this pregnant engine
of destruction and ruin. And all these dread
implements of horror are in the hands and
tinder the control, not of trained and tried
men, high in the confidence of the nation, but
most likely of vagabonds who earn a preca-
rious livelihood in the lowest regions of parti-
san strife.
Gentlemen, make no mistakes. In rnyjudg-
ment and in my fond hope the time is fast
coming when the people will rise up and cry
out in behalf of the old landmarks of liberty,
of justice, and of right.
Not merely, however, are these seventy cities
to be military posts, but I heartily concur in
the construction given by the able gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] that the term
"town," as used in this bill, implies not
merely an incorporated city, but will include
townships as well. In New England the town-
ships are always called "towns," and thegen-
tleinan from Wisconsin tells me that such is
the case also in his State. Even if this con-
struction is not placed on the word now it will
be hereafter whenever party exigencies require
it to uphold your waning fortunes. Then all
the land will be dotted over and filled with
armed stations. The township house will be
a rendezvous for troops on election day. They
•will pitch their tents wherever the polls are
opened. Their banners will be spread where
ever tickets are distributed to the quiet rural
populations. And all the time a deputy Uni-
ted States marshal will conduct their evolu-
tions and order their charge upon American
citizens.
The lessons of history upon this great subject
are full of deep and painful instruction. I look
at questions in their general import. By de-
grees, in all the ages of the past, tyranny has
encroached upon popular right. The citadel
of liberty was never taken by sudden assault
without previous mining, battering, and treach-
ery. The approaches have been made by num
erous measures of a kindred tendency. The
progress to the stronghold has been step by
step. Good men too have often been the in-
struments of these encroachments. Plausible
arguments have likewise been made for them.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] no
doubt, will rise here and tell us that all the
abominable features of this measure are wise
and good. So, too, the adherents of Cassar said
at Rome, when he was controlling the elections
prior to crossing the Rubicon and usurping
imperial power. In speaking of Csesar, Mon-
tesquieu says:
"He raised troubles in the city by his emissaries;
lio made himse] f master of allelections; and consuls,
praators, and tribunes purchased their promotions
at their own price."
Csesar made himself master of all the elec-
tions. This bill confers a like power on the
Executive of the United States. And yet its
supporters will commend it in the name of the
public good. The blackest crime ever seeks
the brightest livery of virtue to cloak its infamy.
When Satan himself came from the burning
pit below, when he lurked around the courts
of Eden, and finally, scaling the bright ram-
parts, sat down to seduce Eve in those green
and ambrosial bowers, he led her to her
fall and all of us to our ruin by disguising
the hideous lineaments of evil in the skillful
guise of good. So the advocates of this bill
will tell you it is all for the best. I tell you
it is all for the worst. And feeble though my
voice may be, small though my influence may
be, yet, in the straightforward performance of
a constitutional duty, with all my strength, I
warn my countrymen against a measure fraught
with disaster and overthrow to the institutions
for which their fathers fought and bled on a
hundred fields of battle.
Some Justification might be found for legis-
lation ot this kind at one time in the South—
none to my mind; some to yours. But how
any sane man can justify the invasion of every
town, of every township, of every city, of
every village, of every hamlet in all the States
of this broad land, north and south, east and
west, from one ocean to the other, by Federal
power, for the purpose of striking at the free-
dom of the ballot-box, is a mystery which I
cannot solve. I can conceive but one intelli-
gent motive, and that is the suppression of
irf'ree elections and the substitution of arbitrary
despotism. This bill overruns the land with
armed troops; it sends into every section of the
country informers, pimps, and spies, clothed
with Federal authority. In the act of which
this is amendatory there is a section provid-
ing severe pains and penalties for anybody
who shall intimidate a voter. Sometimes, in
the days gone by, men have had disputes at
the polls, and they have settled them at the
nearest magistrate's office. Sometimes, when
men have labored under excitement on such
occasions, and angry words or threats have
been used, or blows even struck, the difficulty
has been adjusted in the neighborhood court.
But now, in these stranger days, comes this
mighty engine of Federal usurpation, and says
that the man who is intimidated or threatened,
or thinks he is, at the polls shall have his right
of piivate action for a penalty of $500, to be
recovered in an action on the case. If you
should ask a mercenary disciple of this modern
legislation how much he was intimidated on
election day, he would doubtless answer " $500
worth, and I am going to sue for it in the
circuit court of the United States."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now take the floor, and
will willingly yield ten minutes of my time to
the gentleman from Indiana, which is all I
believe he desires.
Mr. VOORHEES. I am obliged to the gen-
tleman for his courtesy. I have had only fifteen
minutes ; time enough to enter into but a very
partial discussion of this bill, nor do I deem
it necessary now that I should do more. All
I desire is to impress its general purpose on
the minds of members, and if I should fail in
doing that, thanks to the power of steam,
thanks to electricity, thanks to the Globe,
thanks above all to the general press of the
land, men's words go forth from heedless ears
sometimes in this Hall to find a warm response
among the liberty-loving people. That has
been my experience. In standing here for the
rights of the people under the Constitution
the people have always sustained me. I have
not faltered in my devotion to them, and their
faith in me has been unshaken.
In what age, where in all past history,
through all the space of time, shall we look
for a proceeding like this? Here is an army
of civil as well as military officials, who are to
settle down upon the land, covering it all over
as thick as the locusts, and as mean, perhaps,
as the lice of Egypt. They are authorized to
arrest without warrant and imprison without
process. I may be their victim; so may you,
We are all at the mercy of this more than im
perial decree. It levels every right secured
by centuries of wisdom and valor into the dust.
One of the empowering terms in this bill is
" to supervise." It is an excellent term for
the purpose in view. These officials are to
supervise the conduct of the citizens at the
polls. Will this be endured? How long can
this last? You entered on this despotic policy
for the purpose of controlling the elections
in the desolated South. You did it to uphold
colored suffrage. You thought it was a part
of your mission. You have pursued it until
you now dare to assail the great States of New
York, Ohio, Indiana, Pennsylvania, Illinois,
and Missouri, and all the rest. Sir, I pledge
the remnant of my life to this contest. We
will dispute every inch of ground henceforth
to the end. We will join issue with you on
this attempt to subvert the liberty of the peo-
ple. We will appeal to the people, whom you
are afraid to trust, and whose rights and honor
you menace and trample under foot.
Why should you do this thing? You disgust
the people. You show that you distrust them.
The people in turn will distrust you. They
are the fountain of power. They are omnipo-
tent. And you, the stream, can never rise
higher than the fountain. I will not say that the
present Executive has evil intentions against
the liberties of his country. It does not become
any one to utter such a charge without strong
and clear proof, and then with care and pru-
dence. But the grim, silent, taciturn man of
action, whose opinions are never uttered in
advance, and whose purposes are enveloped
in constant mystery, is to be watched and
dreaded when at the head of a nation and sup-
ported by a party reckless of constitutional
restraints. I do not disparage the military
capacity and the military executive ability of
the present Chief Magistrate of this nation.
No man could have achieved the results which
are recorded in his history without military
talents of a high order. Concentration of
purpose, force and tenacity of will, a steady,
and even vindictive courage, together with a
woodsman's intuitive knowledge of the face
of a country for military operations, have com-
bined to give him a permanent place among
the great commanders of the world.
In his civil knowledge, however, his capacity
for civil affairs, I have no faith. Apd a com-
bination of military power and civil inferiority
has in all ages produced the most dangerous
enemies that ever menaced the liberties of the
people. Such a man relies upon the qualities
of which he is conscious. He esteems the fac-
ulties with which he is endowed and despises
those of which nature has bereft him. He can
command troops; and therefore be wants to
commandthem. He loves power; andthe con-
trol of an army at the ballot-box is a certain
means of obtaining and retaining power. lie
is conscious of no other means of securing pop-
ular support. He is unlearned in the laws of
his country, knows nothing of the reasons
which dictated its institutions in the minds of
its founders, has never read its Constitution,
and openly sneers at men who have the gifts
of knowledge and of speech with which to .ex-
plain and enforce the great doctrines of free
government. Is such a character a stranger
to the minds of members? Do you not recog-
nize and dread Ilim?
Again, behold the fallen emperorof France—
fallen now, like Lucifer, the bright son of the
morning, to hope no more. What manner of
man was he twenty years ago, and how did he
attain those giddy heights from which a right-
eous retribution, the avenging hand of God,
has hurled him to the ground? Without mili-
tary capacity, he was supposed to possess it,
and able generals surrounded him and clung
to his fortunes. History pictures him to my
mind in striking semblance to the present
American Chief Magistrate. His exterior was
chilling and repellant. He had unscrupulous
favorites who would stop at nothing in his
behalf and on whom he lavished unmerited
honors and wealth. He was regardless of
human life and human misery. His designs
were hidden. His purposes were mysterious
and unknown. He climbed to power by break-
ing all the pledges by which he got his first
foothold in the French assembly. And, when
the hour came, it was by virtue of just such
preparations as are made in this bill that he
found the way plain, the obstacles all removed,
