734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
the plains or on the frontier until they had
been soundly thrashed, and until forts had
been established all along the lines? We
have had peace in Montana for the simple
reason that Colonel Baker flogged the most
murderous set of scoundrels that ever infested
any country.
Mr. BECK. I have no doubt that many of
the Indians have been flogged at an immense
cost, and they can be flogged again. I believe
the Army of the United States can succeed
in flogging them, if we make the necessary
provision for that purpose. Bat we are now
going along without any such proceeding.
The system heretofore pursued has been the
means, as I expect to show before the consid-
eration of this bill is concluded, of sustain-
ing a set of Indian traders, Indian agents and
camp-followers in the various Territories, who
have plundered the Government of its supplies
in every direction. The peace commissioners
are now checking everything of this kind.
They are reporting to the Government all
wrongs and outrages committed. We shall
this year save millions of dollars by restrain-
ing those very men who are on the frontier
dealing with the Indians.
I regard the policy which we are now pursuing
as the best experiment the Government ever
made. I believe that if continued it will be
the means of civilizing Indians whom we have
heretofore thought incapable of civilization,
and of keeping at peace nearly every Indian
tribe in the country.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I rise to oppose the amendment. I so thor-
oughly agree with the main portion of the
speech of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] that of course my opposition to his
amendment is only pro forma and for the sake
of submitting a few remarks.
While it is true that every step toward a
mild treatment of the Indian tribes has not
only resulted in less barbarism among them,
but also in much less expense to the United
States, I believe we shall ultimately find one
other step necessary. We shall find that the
ballot, rather than the bullet of our friend
from Nevada, will be the ultimate settlement
of tlte Indian question. Whenever we shall be
able to erect a Territory in which the Indians
who are willing to be civilized may enjoy a ter-
ritorial form of government and exercise t,iie
ballot—when they shall be represented hereby
their Delegate, with the hope that when they
attain the proper condition of industry and in-
telligence they may be admitted as a State—we
shall present to all the Indians of the West the
alternative of going on in their decline to ulti-
mate extinction, or of joining the movement in
the other direction toward civilization. That
movement will find its culmination in the au-
tonomy of a State in which civilized Indians
shall be citizens, governing themselves by
means of the ballot and taking into their own
hands the direction of their destiny. I believe
we shall find ultimately that as the ballot was
the salvation of the negro race lately enslaved,
so will it be the salvation of such of the Indian
race as may be saved from barbarism and
extinction.
The amendment was withdrawn.
The Clerk read as follows:
For contingencies, including traveling, incidental,
currcnt, and contingent expenses of superintendents
and agent,-<, and of their offices, $38,500.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move to add the
following in the ninety-third line:
Provided, That the appropriation for medals shall
bo expended uudor the direction of the Director of
the Mint of the United States.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a point of order
011 that. It has r.o connection with the bili.
Mr. CLEVELxlND. You have inserted in
the bill a provision for the expenditure of
$5,000 for the purpose of getting up medals to
present to these Indians.
Mr. SARGENT. Then the gentleman pro-
poses to go back. I make the point that it is
not in order for the gentleman to go back and
amend that provision at this time.
The CHAIRMAN. It is certainly not in
order to go hack, if objection is raised.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I do not propose to
go back, but to add to the pending paragraph
making appropriations for contingent expenses.
I hold the amendment is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is in
order.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The reason for that
amendment is this: by law the Mint of the
United States is authorized to employ individ-
uals to design and execute medals for various
purposes. They have there all the facilities
for doing so. They can get up these medals
in better style and cheaper than perhaps any
other institution in the world. They are famil-
iar with the business, and if $5,000 is to be
expended for Indian medals, then we will get
more medals and better ones, and with less
stealing than in any other way, if we allow the
money to b« expended under the direction of
the Director of the United States Mint. The
gentleman from California, understanding the
matter, will, I have no doubt, accept my
amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I have no doubt the gen-
tleman states what he believes to be true in
this matter.
Mr. KELLEY. The amendment is unneces-
sary, because tbe law covers the object sought
to be attained by the gentleman from New
Jersey. All medals for the Indians are made
at the United States Mint.
Mr. SARGENT. I so understand. The
whole matter will at all events be under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. CLEVELAND. As the point is cov-
ered by the existing law, I will withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. COB URN. I move to amend by adding
the following:
To unable the Secretary of the Interior to pay
Alvin N. Blockridgo for services rendered and money
expended in taking the census of the Cherokee
Indians under the provisions of the twelfth article
of the treaty of lstio with said Indians. §938 55.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope that amendment
will be read again.
Mr. COBURN. I will withdraw the amend-
ment for the present to introduce it in another
place.
The Clerk read as follows :
Apachcs, ICiowas, and Comanches:
For fourth ot thirty installments, as provided to
be expended under the tenth article of the treaty of
October 21, 1867. concluded at Medicine Lodge creek,
in Konsas, with tho Kiowas and Comanches, and
under the third ariicle of the treaty of same date
with the Apaehes, $30,000.
For purchase of clothing, as provided in tho same
treaties, $26,000.
For pay of carponter, farmer, blacksmith, miller,
and engineer, 4,5.200.
For pay of physician and teacher, !t2,503.
Mr. ARNELL. I move to add the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That tile supervision of all schools for
the benefit ot Indians, so far as it concerns the
employment of teachers or the building of school-
houses, shall be under the direction of the Bureau
ot Education.
Mr. Chairman, this simply gives some con-
trol and superintendence to the amount now
expended for school purposes among the In-
dians. We appropriate large amounts for the
purpose of educating the Indians, and it is
frequently the case that the application of the
money has been entirely aside from the object
desired. The object of this amendment is to
give some supervision in the matter to the
Bureau of Education. As I am informed,
this provision will be acceptable to the Com-
missioner of Indian. Atfairs, who agreed that
it will be of great assistance to him.
Mr. SARGENT. I should like to see the
evidence that an amendment of this sort is
acceptable to the Commissioner of Indian
Atfairs. It would lead to great confusion, not
only in keeping the accounts, but in adminis-
tering the law.
Mr. ARNELL. If the gentleman from Cali-
fornia will allow me to interrupt him, I will
say that the amendment does not propose to
take from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
one dollar of the appropriation.
Mr. SARGENT. This matter cannot be
under joint control. Furthermore, when we
have the Indian commission, that commission
which is seeing that the last dollar of money
is being expended to educate and civilize these
Indians, it. seems to me extremely improper
to say that the money appropriated for the
purpose of education should be taken from the
control of the Secretary of the Interior and
this Indian commission and put in the hands
of the Bureau of Education. I do not wish
tosay anything of the bureau of Education iu
this connection, and I hope the gentleman will
not bring it on the carpet; but we know there
is an ambition in that bureau, which has now
some two or three clerks, to grow up into an
overshadowing department.
Mr. ARNELL. The gentleman misappre-
hends the object of the provision, and I will
withdraw it for the present.
The Clerk read as follows :
Apachcs of Arizona and New Mexico :
. For this amount, to be expended under the diree-
tJon of the President in collecting the Apnches of
Arizona and New Mexico upon reservations, fur-
nishing them with subsistence and other necessary
articles, and to promote peace and civilization among
them. $70,000.
Mr. MeCORMICK, of Arizona. I move to
amend by adding to that paragraph the follow-
ing proviso :
Provided, That this appropriation shall bo ex-
pended only m behalf of those Indians who go and
remain upon said reservations and refrain from hos-
tilities.
Mr. Chairman, I introduce this amendment
because I believe, as a distinguished general
serving upon the frontiers lately said, and
as my own observation convinces me, that
Indian treaties which leave the Indian free
to wander at will, as he has always done, and
which depend upon his word for their observ-
ance, are a monstrous and most expensive
farce, alike expensive in money and in life."
The military once, at much expense, tried the
experiment of feeding some of tho Apaches of
Arizona, and yet confining them to no limits;
and it was found that not a few of the ungrateful
savages went directly from the forts at which
they were fed to engage in hostilities against
the whites. I deem this amendment absolutely
necessary in this connection, and I am glad to
say the honorable gentleman who has the bill
in charge has agreed to admit it.
Mr. SARGENT. I have no objection to the
amendment. I think it is quite right.
Mr. FH'CHl. Before the question is put I
desire to say a few words on this paragraph.
This is not the first appropriation whose object
has been to collect the Apaches of Arizona
and New Mexico upon reservations and in-
struct them in the arts of civilization. I turn
to the appropriation bill of the second session
of the Forty-First Congress, and I find that
for the Indian services of Arizona there is an
appropriation of $70,000. I turn back to the
first session of the Forty-First Congress, and
I find another appropriation of $70,000; and
I presume that this appropriation of $70,000
for the purpose, among other things, of col-
lecting these Apaches of Arizona and New
Mexico on reservations and instructing them
in the arts of civilized life has been made
annually, perhaps for twenty years. I do not
know precisely how long, not having had the
opportunity of ascertaining.
I now wish to ask the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Sargent,] who has charge of this
bill, the Delegate from Arizona Territory,
[Mr. McCormick,] and my friend from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] if there is a single
reservation in Arizona or New Mexico occu-
pied by any number, however small, of Apache
Indians who are instructed in the arts of civil-
ized life, and if it is not, on the contrary, the
fact that the Apaches are what they were
twenty years ago and what they have been
