1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Cox.
Ho. of Reps.
the ladder set up on which to ascend to the top-
most round, till he reached the throne over
the prostrate liberties of France and the bleed-
ing and mangled forms of his countrymen.
Shall this dark and startling page of history
be all lost upon us?
Sir, when Cromwell designed the overthrow
of the liberty of his country, what did he do ?
I will let Hume the historian speak. Hear
him:
"Cromwell began to hope that, by his administra-
tion attended with so much luster and success abroad,
so much order and tranquillity at home, he had now
acquired such authority as would enable him to meet
the representatives of the nation, and would assure
him of their dutiful compliance with his Govern-
ment. Ilesummoned a Parliament; but not trusting
altogether to the goudwill of the people, he used
every art which bis new model of representation
allowed him to employ, in order to influence the
elections and fill the house with his own creatures.
Ireland, being entirely in the hands of the army, choso
few but such officers as were most acceptable to him,
Scotland showeda likecompliance; and as the nobil-
ity and gentry of that kingdom regarded theirattend-
ance on English Parliaments as an ignominious badge
of slavery, it was on that account more easy for the
officers to prevail in the elections. Notwithstanding
all these precautions, the protector still found that
the majority would not be favorable to him. He set
guards, therefore, on the door, who permitted none
to enter but such as produced a warrant from the
council; and the council rejected about a hundred,
who either refused a recognition of the protector's
Government, or were on other accounts obnoxious to
him. These protested against so egregious a vio-
lence, subversive of all liberty; but every applica-
tion for redress was neglected, both by the council
and the Parliament,
" The majority of theParliament, by means of these
arts and violences, was now at least either friendly
to the protector, or resolved, by their compliance,
to adjust, if possible, this military government to
their laws and liberties."
And we, too, have our Ireland. There she
lies, across and beyond the Potomac; and the
work is done on her as it was done in the days
of Cromwell. The Ireland of America is en-
tirely ir. the hands of the Army, as was the
Ireland of Europe more than two hundred and
fifty years ago. She sends up mostly obedient
Representatives now as she did then. In Scot-
land the potent chiefs of tribes disdained to
hold power under the Roundhead Goverment,
and there was left to the protector the easy
task of bringing in such Scottish members of
Parliament as he desired. But when he came,
sir, to England, which, with all our hate, is
still our great mother, the mother of our lan-
guage, of our literature, and of our laws, and
of that dauntless blood which has filled all the
four quarters of the earth with its prowess and
glory, when he came to England, he failed,
and the people, true to themselves, returned
members that were to true liberty. Defeated
at the polls, he placed guards at the doors of
Parliament.
They required from parties who sought to
enter passes signed by the council. Why should
not that be the next step here ? If elections
cannot be controlled at the ballot-box; if this
frightful bill should fall short of its purpose,
why not station guards at the doors of this
Hall and allow no obnoxious member to enter?
They might as well be stationed here and at the
doors of the Senate as at my neighbor's ballot-
box at home, in the West. They might as well
control us as to control our brethren who toil
on the land and on the seas to uphold the Gov-
ernment. We are not better than our constit-
uents. Our rights are not more precious to
us than theirs to them. Our aged fathers, our
brothers, our kindred, and our loving friends,
scattered all over the plains, the valleys, and
the mountains of thisfruitfulland, havea stake
in this measure as vital as yours and mine. If
the people are to be surrounded, guarded, and
controlled while they deposit their ballots,
then let the lictors advance here also and
bind the people's Representatives and compel
them to register the edicts of a master. The
work will then be complete in which you are
now engaged. Your task will be finished,
your mission ended. The nightfall of liberty
will be here. The curtain of darkness will
descend on the prostrate and humiliated Re-
public, and then another curtain will rise on
the haughtj', insolent aad erect crest of the
empire.
Mr. Speaker, I conclude by expressing my
obligations to the,gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] for his courtesy in yielding me time
to thus antagonize a bill which owes its parent-
age to himself.
Enforcement of Fifteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. SAMUEL S. COX,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House op Representatives,
February 15, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No.2634) to amend an act approved May 31,
1870, entitled "An act to enforce the right of citi-
zens to vote in the several States of this Union, and
for other purposes"—
Mr. COX said:
Mr. Speaker : Last session I opposed the
bill of which this is an amendment. I be-
lieve what the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eujridge] has said, that that bill was, as
this bill is, more partisan than patriotic. It
•was, at least, used to promote partisan ends.
The original bill was aimed, according to the
avowal in this House and in the Senate, at the
city and State of New York. It failed of its
aim. It was surcharged with malice and dis-
trust. It became more dangerous at the butt
than from the barrel. The recoil was signifi-
cant and interesting. We know who suffered
from the recoil!
The people of the city and State of New
York are satisfied with Democratic rule.
Whether it be good or bad, as to State or
municipal affairs, it is their own choice. It
is nobody's business but their own how they
are administered. It would be superfluous to
rebuke the majority here for their frequent
and unjust aspersions upon that administra-
tion. If I showed, as I could by the remarks
of such unbiased citizens as Peter Cooper, a
Republican, and such striking comments as
that of the Republican Evening Post, that
skill, economy, wisdom, and honesty pre-
vailed in the city government, under the
recent charter ; if I showed here how docks
and parks, public works and police, finances,
and taxes were all cared for with exemplary
executive ability by the McClellans, Agnews,
Hunts, Tweeds, Sweeneys, Ilails, and others,
whose names are made familiar to the nation
by the intermeddling of outside criticism in
our inside affairs, it would avail little to dis-
pel the prejudice in this House. Until New
York city becomes Radical this prejudice and
its spiteful legislation will continue.
Perhaps if members here will remember that
by the average Democratic vote of the past
two years it takes a thousand more votes to
give us a Democratic than it does to give a
Republican Congressman, and that if New
York State were properly represented here,
according to a fair apportionment, we should
have sixteen members instead of having but
thirteen out of the thirty-one, it might tend to
check Republican arrogance and disarm so
much irrelevant and insulting criticism.
If the Democratic party of the city and State
of New York were less patriotic than partisan
they would be glad to have this measure of
forcing elections continue and become intensi-
fied by the proposed amendments. The effect
would be still to increase their majorities.
But I would not favor party success at the
peril or mutilation of the form, structure, and
genius of our Government.
This bill is substantially the bill of last ses-
sion, with "improvements." It makes more
officials, deputy marshals, and supervisors. It
gives them more capricious power, and shields
them from responsibility for their acts. It
worms them into the old body of our election
laws until the matter will become an inquisi-
torial nuisance. It allows these officials to
arrest without warrant and evidence, and thus
breaks the oldest constitutional guarantees of
liberty. It is an unwarranted, ex parte use
of power, without fairness, and for the worst
purposes, the perpetuation of a failing and
dishonored party. But its best commentary
is in the execution of the present law which
this amends. But it is worse than this. It is
an unnecessary and dangerous advance toward
that consolidated empire against which our
fathers warned and provided. It is a blow at
local independence and self government, with-
out which the Union is ever endangered. It
is a part of the "falsehood of extremes^"
and is either in the interest of that territorial
democracy which Disraeli foretold, and which
is not less perilous than its alternative, a mili-
tary dictatorship, or else it is that dictatorship
itself. The approach to either of these ends
is the approach toward the abyss of our con-
stitutional liberties.
We are constantly forgetting here that our
trust is to administer a Federal and not a national
Government. When, on the 20th June, 1787,
Judge Ellsworth moved to expunge the word
" national," in the first resolve of the Con-
stitution, and place in the room of it "Gov-
ernment of the United States," it was agreed
to nem. con., (Elliott's Debates, vol. 1, page
427.) The concord on this idea of the Con-
stitution contributed not a little to the per-
fection and adoption of it by the States. Could
the States have foreseen that within less than
a century there would appear a party of icono-
clasts who would heedlessly shatter this their
imagery of a refined and magnificent system,
by breaking to pieces the features of State in-
dependence as to suffrage, and the subordina-
tion of the military at all times to the civil
power, the Constitution never would have
been made.
But I did not rise to discuss the constitu-
tional features of this bill. I performed that
duty last session, and my friend from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eldkidge] has just performed it with a
bold, free, and truthful analysis. On the 27th
of May, 1870, after quoting the constitutional
clauses bearing on suffrage, and especially the
second section of the first article, declaring the
qualifications of the electors for Congress, I
said, what I now repeat, that— •
"This is the substantial foundation of our Federal
system. This is the elemental self-government on
which the Federal arch reposes. The Federal power
may not, does not, cannot create the elector. He is
defined us the creation of the State. He stands pre-
eminent as a procreation, born of the States, only
recognized by the architects of tho Federal Consti-
tution as a State elector, and as such the agency in
helping to carry on the granted and defined powers
of the Federal system."
I quoted the opinion of Judge Story in refer-
ence to the"Constitntionality and expediency
of any Federal law interfering with the State
supervision of suffrage. Since that time, in the
cases arising in New York, partisan judges
have prevented the removal of the question
to the Supreme Court of the United States for
an authentic and unbiased decision. Judge
Woodruff's opinion was delivered in a hasty,
partisan, and vehement way, so as to satisfy
no one of, its worth. That law, like its pro-
posed amendment, neither touched the time
nor place of holding elections; nor did it alter
the manner of holding elections provided by
the State. It substituted notbing for the
untouched requirements of the State.
But its unconstitutionality was most apparent
and flagrant in its execution. There is no
authority for the "inferior" offices created by
this bill. The appointing power should not be
vested in any single judge acting as agent of
