1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
for hundreds of years, so far as we know, rov-
ing bands of Ravages, who never approach a
reservation except for the purpose of running
off stock ? And I desire to know, if that be
the case, how much longer it is proposed to
continue the appropriation of $70,000 per
annum to those who never by any possibility
consent to place themselves within the reach
of civilization?
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the last word. The gentleman from
Nevada [Mr. FiTcn] describes exactly the
Apaches of Arizona and iffew Mexico. They
are a wild, restless, bloodthirsty race of In-
dians. Perhaps they present the most difficult
problem we have ever had to deal with. And
yet I am not prepared to say that the Sioux,
who used to come down upon Minnesota, and
murder and ravish women by the hundreds,
were not as devilish and cruel as the Apaches
of Arizona and New Mexico. Yet those are
Indians who now, in fulfillment of the promise
made by lied Cloud, are keeping the peace,
although the intelligence reaches us that they
are collected about Fort Laramie and Fort
Fetterman, thirty-four hundred of them, in the I
last stages of starvation from the failure of
their supplies, the severe winter having pre-
vented their hunting ; and that they are now
waiting patiently until son^e arrangement is
made by the Government to forward the pro-
visions promised by the treaty. The policy
the Indian commission has pursued, the Pres-
ident's policy, the policy of peace, has pro-
duced this change in the Sioux of Dakota,
who were worthy of all the execration which
the most eloquent tongue could have pro-
nounced on their cruelty some two or three
years ago.
Now, in Arizona, notwithstanding all the
appropriations that have been voted, the at-
tempt has not yet been made to reach the
Apaches. There are thirty-five thousand In-
dians m Arizona, and among them the Nava-
joes, for whom a part of this money has been
expended in purchasing sheep and agricultural
implements, and implements for weaving cloth,
with excellent results. And there are other
tribes I might name which have been very
much subdued by this policy. But in the Ter-
ritory of Arizona there has not been the same
attention paid to them as elsewhere, partly on
account of remoteness and partly on account
of the terror produced by their depredations.
I have here a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior bearing on this subject, which I ask
to have read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department op the Ixterior,_
W ashingtox, December 19, 1870.
Sxr : X heartily concur in the recommendation of
Hon. Vincent Colyer, secretary of the board ot
Indian commissioners, asking that an appropriation
of 170.000 be placed in the bill providing for the cur-
rent expenses of the Indian department for the en-
suing year, in addition to the $30,000 asked for in
my previous note of this date, as a<Special appro-
priation to meet immediate necessities of promoting
peace, bringing ill upon reservations, subsisting, and
civilizing the Apache Indians of Arizona and New
.Mexico. Believing this method far better than eon-
tinueney to endeavor to subdue them by military
iorcc. which, aside from its cruelty, would cost mil-
'ious. C. KELAXO,
Secretary of the interior.
Hon. Aaron A. Sakgent, sub-Committee on_ Appro-
priations for Indians, Home of Jlepresentutives.
Mr. SARGENT. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew the amendment.
The Indian problem is to my mind a difficult
problem. To that of the gentleman from
"Nevada [Mr. Fitcii] it seems an easy one.
He raises his eloquent voice in behalf of the
policy of the past. To him nothing seems so
promising for the future as powder and balls
and rifles and Army officers, and the expendi-
ture of millions of dollars and Indian rings
and camp followers, and bills without num-
ber, rolled up until thirty or forty million dol-
lars are asked, as in the case of the Florida
war and the wars upon the plains. This is
what he promises u3 for the future. Upon the
other hand, the policy of the present, and that
looked for for the future, is one of peace, is
one of planting the Indian upon the soil in
severalty, giving him an idea of the rights of
property, of meum et tuum, and all the asso-
ciations which gather around the few acres
that are his and all that is associated with the
name of home. Sir, there is in that no expense
compared with the expense of the system
which seems for some reason or other, I know
not what, to appear so beautiful to the gentle-
man from Nevada. There is an idea in this
new policy that if they cannot be made civil-
ized they can at least be disarmed, and we
can cease this butchery on the one side, ac-
companied, as it inevitably is, with the expense
of keeping up an armed force in the Indian
country. The gentleman from Nevada is mis-
taken if he innocently believes that economy
lies in the policy of the past. The huge bills,
the reeking corruption of Indian rings and
Indian purchases and Indian expenditures
which have disgraced the history of the Indian
department in the past, cease to commend
it to thoughtful minds, either in the line of
economy, or the line of humanity, or in the
good name of administration.
But, sir, what can the gentleman from Nevada
[Mr. Fitch] think of in urging us to continue
this idea of extermination, which carries with
it all of these things to which I have referred?
However difficult may be the problem that is
before us for the future, any policy promises
better than that which has been in the past;
let us as least gather some encouragement from
the dictates of humanity. If we cannot see in
the immediate futare the bright picture painted
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
let us at least pave the way for it; let us make
a home for the Indian in severalty, and hold
it in trust for him, it may be for years in the
future ; but at least let each one of them know
that this spot is his, to be defended by him, to
be protected by him, and next to be adorned
and beautified by him and cultivated, in that
cultivation cultivating himself and his family.
Through that civilization comes. It is better
than preaching; it is better than books. It
begets schools ; it begets civilization ; it begets
civilized institutions. It cannot exist without
them, nor can they exist without it. But, sir,
the rifle, the company of soldiers, the camp
followers, these are worse savages than the
Indians themselves ; and they prey upon the
good name of this Government more than the
savage does.
Mr. CONNER. Mr. Chairman, it is aston-
ishing to me to see how gentlemen, coming
from districts so far removed from ludian
associations that it is impossible for them to
understand the subject, come here and become
the especial advocates of the Indian upon this
floor. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] has spoken in praise of this
peace or Quaker policy of the Administration
toward the frontier settlements. His lack of
familiarity with frontier life, his manifest igno-
rance of the habits and customs of th6 savage
Indian, which must result from a life spent in
New England society, are circumstances not
very well calculated to enablehim to speak
intelligibly or advisedly upon this subject. _ But
the gentleman's partisan zeal and his readiness
to defend the Administration, right or wrong,
has led him into the graveerror of unwittingly
misrepresenting the effects of this peace policy
of the Administration. I will tell you, sir, the
effect of this policy.
It may be read on the frontier of my district
in the massacre of two hundred American
citizens since the inauguration of this Adminis-
tration. Last summer I visited the frontier
comities of my district, and along the line
where three years ago every evidence of civiliza-
tion was to be found the houses were deserted,
the fences dilapidated, and the corn standing
ungathered in tne fields. I passed one village,
in the county of Montague, where the entire
village had been but two weeks before burned
by Indians from the Fort Sill reservation. I
met upon that visit a lady, recently from the
North, whose husband had served in the Union
Army during the entire war, and she told me
that she had just come from the reservation,
where she and her family of three children had
been ransomed by money given her by citizens
for that purpose.
If the gentleman from Massachusetts could
have heard the story of that poor woman 1 hardly
think that he would have come here and spoken
so feelingly in behalf and defense of the mur-
derers of her husband, the desolators of her
home, and the destroyers of her peace and
happiness on earth. Two years ago she and
her husband and children came from Illinois
to Texas. They settled in Clay county, on the
frontier of my district. Industrious man as he
was he built a comfortable house, and, procur-
ing the services of several assistants, put in a
large crop, surrounding his home in the mean
time with all the comforts incident to frontier
life. For eighteen months all went well. No
visits from hostile Indians, his first crop is prof-
itable, and fortune seems to smile upon him.
Bat at a time least expected, when the In-
dians had learned that Sheridan and Custer
were no longer permitted to punish them for
their outrages and depredations, and that they
were only lesponsible to the peace commis-
sion or some Quaker agent, whose education
and religious tenets disqualified him for the
discharge of the duties incident to bis station,
that house of peace, comfort, and happiness is
made desolate, the father murdered in the
presence of his wife and children, his head
severed from his shoulders, his arms and limbs
chopped from his body and thrust in the face
of his weeping wife, a mother most cruelly and
inhumanly outraged in the presence of her
children, and then carried captives to the
India  reservation, where, on the following
morning, the perpetrators of these crimes
draw food and clothing from the agents of
the Government.
This is the story as it cam6 to me from the
lips of that poor, unfortunate woman two days
after she had been ransomed. I promised her
then that, I would repeat it in Congress if an
opportunity offered. I have kept my word ;
and though the record made may not be very
pleasant for the contemplation of the friends
of the Administration, I hope thatsome friend
of the white race, some friend of civilization,
may learn an instructive lesson from it. The
perpetrators of this savage tragedy came from
the Fort Sill reservation, bordering upon the
frontier settlements of my district, and when
the friends of this lady went to the reservation
and demanded the release of her children the
Indians refused to give them up without a ran-
som of $100 for each child. That ransom was
agreed upon.
A short time previous to the outrage referred
to a little boy had been captured in the county
of Cook, adjoining the county where I reside,
and his friends concluded that they would ran-
som him at the same time, and agreed to pay
$100 for his release. When the little fellow
was brought in he was so elated at being re-
leased and enabled to join his friends that he
showed it by seizing his friends by the hands.
That made the chief angry, and he declined
to receive the $100 ransom in his case, hoping,
evidently, to obtain more. A controversy en-
sued, resulting, as I am informed, in the chief
drawing his knife in the presence of the agent
and cutting off the nose and ears of the child,
which he threw in the face of the agent, saying,
in broken English, that, "By God, they might
take him now!"
During the last eighteen months over a mil-
lion and a half dollars' worth of horses and
other property has been stolen on destroyed
by these Indians. Yet if you were to-day to
go to the Fort Sill reservation, separated from
Texas by lied river only, and should find your
horse there and identify him according to ail
