736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
the known rules of evidence there is no power,
fcs is shown in the report of the officer in com-
mand there, that would force these Indians to
surrender the property which they had stolen.
That is the policy of the Administration, and
this is the result of its operation. I cannot
give you, in the few minutes allotted me under
the rules, even a shadow of the crimes result-
ing from this peace and compromise policy
that is now being pursued, nor can I.even refer
to the sufferings of our brave and generous
pioneers of the frontier. There is not a wind
that does not moan the solemn and melancholy
funeral dirge of some victim to an Indian mas-
sacre on the frontier of Texas.
\Vnen, two or three years ago, General Sheri-
dan made his raid down in that country he
taught these Indians a lesson which they re-
membered until the inauguration of a different
policy. As the result of that raid we had
peace upon the borders, and our frontier set-
tlements were gradually extending, while a
sense of security pervaded every portion of
society. How different now the feeling! Look
at the census returns, and you will there find
a solution of this question. Frontier counties
depopulating under this Quaker policy of the
President.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. FITCH. I renew the amendment for
the purpose of saying to my friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] that because I cannot
find ooy commendation for a policy which pro-
poses to deal by means of a peace commission
with Indians who have shown themselves in-
sensible to the approaches of kindness, it does
not therefore follow, as intimated by the gen-
tleman, that I am in favor of the Indian policy
of the past. On the contrary, I agree with
him to this extent, that all our Indian wars
have been accompanied by more or less of
corruption and inefficiency. The Army of the
United States, however glorious its achieve-
ments in other respects, hag not succeeded
in its operations against the Indians.
But in most of those instances where peace
has been secured with the Indians by means
of war upon and conquest of them it lias been
by war inaugurated and carried on by volun-
tary enlistments and under authority outside
that of the Government of the United States.
I would refer as an instance to the ease of
Nevada, my own State. The Indians thefe
were hunted down by means of an extermin-
ating war, carried on by voluuteers from the
Territory of Nevada and the State of California,
who were provided, either at their own expense
or by contributions of the people, with horses,
arms, and ammunition. Experience has dem-
onstrated that only the men of the frontier, who
are accustomed to the habits of the Indians
aud to frontier warfare, can successfully com-
bat the Indians. I would desire to behold the
inauguration of a policy that would place such
men in the field against turbulent Indians, who
decline to yield to the approaches of kindness
and civilization, rather than the officers and
soldiers of the regular Army, who indeed are
brave enough and patriotic enough, but who
are so fettered by routine and red tape that by
the time they reach the scene of savage out-
rage the Indians have fled.
Now, sir, in the Territory of Arizona, the
country inhabited by these Apache Indians,
where within a year or two over one hundred
men have been murdered within thirty miles
of the capital of the Territory, upon the prin-
cipal mail routes of the Territory, appeal after
appeal to the War Department has failed
to obtain adequate military assistance with
which to keep these roads open and the
Apaches in subjection, or even wholesome
fear. When the Governor of that Territory
proposed to raise a regiment of volunteers to
combat these Indians he was met by an order
from the War Department, the effect of which
was to prohibit any effort in such direction.
We have in the bill before us appropriations
proposed to the amount of $4,359,000, of
which amount only a very small portion is for
the purpose of inaugurating a peace policy.
The larger portion of the appropriation here
proposed is for the purpose of carrying out
treaties, or continuing usages with respect to
Indian tribes, who, if you please, are already
friendly.
Now, I would like the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to tell me, if he can,
how much of this money actually goes to the
benefit of the Indians, and whether it is not
probably true that, in despite of his earnest
efforts and the careful scrutiny of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and in despite of
the integrity of the officers in charge of the
Department—whether it is not probably true
that ten dollars are expended in getting two
dollars to the Indians. I think, sir, that our
Indian policy has been a mistake in the past
and is likely to prove a mistake in the future.
I will give it as my humble opinion—an opin-
ion not perhaps entitled to as much weight as
that of my distinguished friend from Massa-
chusetts, although possibly I have had greater
opportunities of personal observation than
he—that the best Indian policy would be 110
policy at all, except to place in the hands of
the settlers on the frontier the means of set-
tling the Indian problem in their own way,
and that way would be very simple and very
economical and very just. Where an Indian
was friendly and peaceable he would not be
molested; where he made war on the settlers
he would meet that fate which those ought
to meet who anywhere make unprovoked,
aggressive war.
I withdraw my formal amendment.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. McCormick, of Arizona, it was
agreed to.
Mr. PiiOSSEll. I move to amend the pend-
ing paragraph by inserting after the word
"civilization" the words "and to establish
schools;" so that the clause will read, "to
promote peace and civilization and to estab-
lish schools among them." Mr. Chairman, I
hope this amendment will be adopted ; and I
hope the Committee on Indian Affairs will take
some means to see that appropriations made
for educational purposes are properly expend-
ed. About a year ago 1 had the honor to offer
an amendment appropriating $5,000 to estab-
lish schools among thePueblo Indians of New
Mexico. I am inlormed by the Delegate from
that Territory [Mr. Chaves] that nothing has
been done in that direction. There is no- more
worthy tribe of Indians within the limits of
the United States than the Pueblos of New
Mexico. They have been desiring schools.for
many years, and for the establishment of
schools among them $-3,000 was appropriated
by Congress about a year ago. Wnt nothing
has been done toward carrying out the object
contemplated in that appropriation.
Every man who knows anything at all about
the Indian character knows perfectly well that
it is useless to expect to improve to any mate-
ria! extent the condition of the adult Indians ;
that the only hope of the Indian race is in the
education of their children. I hope, there-
fore, that not only the Indian Committee but
the Department having charge of this subject
will make more strenuous efforts than have
heretofore been made to establish schools and
educate the young Indians of the western
country.
One word further upon the subject of our
Indian policy. Nothing is more surprising to
me in the history of the United States than the
fact that a peaceful policy was never adopted
by the Government of this country until re-
cently. 1 differ With ray friend from Nevada,
who predicts that this policy will be a failure.
I am satisfied that it ought to have been
adopted a long time ago, and that it will not
either now or at any other time be found a
failure. On the contrary, if we desire to have
economy in the administration oflnaian affairs
we must pursne a peaceful policy. And in
my judgment nothing will be more effectual
toward making the Indian race what they
should be, a useful people, than to establish
schools among them for the education of their
young" people.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has
proposed to give the Indians the ballot. Now,
Mr. Chairman, it is folly to talk about giving
them the ballot until they are educated and
know something ^bpnt civilized life. When-
ever they shall ha^j been educated, whenever
they shall have become civilized aud learned
the arts of peaceful life, then, and not until
then, we may give them the ballot with some
expectation of benefit to themselves and to the
country at large. 1 hope that the amendment
which I have offered will be adopted, and that
the measure proposed will be carried out.
Mr. SARGENT. I think that this amend-
ment should not be adopted for the reason that
the Apaches are of the class that has been so
truthfully described by the gentleman from
Nevada; that is to say, they are an unruly,
turbulent, and blood-thirsty race—mere sav-
ages. To divert, for the purpose of establish-
ing schools among them, any of this money,
which is needed for purposes of subsistence,
and to keep them, on reservations until we can
instill into them the necessity of keeping peace
with the white men, would be merely throwing
away so much money. A teacher sent there
now would be without scholars.
Now, if the gentleman will look at the bill,
he will find under the head of New Mexico,
for contingent expenses, the same appropria-
tion of $5,000 is in for these Pueblo Indians,
and it cannot be taken for any other purpose.
I will ascertain the fact why a school has not
been established among these Pueblo Indians,
so as to be able to verity or correct the state-
ment of the gentleman.
Mr. PHOSSEB. f wish to ask the honor-
able gentleman what difficulty there is in estab-
lishing schools upon Indian reservations? I
have been upon these reservations, and I can-
not see why schools cannot be established
when Indians arc collected upon these reser-
vations.
Mr. SARGENT. Does the gentleman mean
to say that he has ever been upon a reserva-
tion of these Apache Indians?
Mr. PROSSER. No, sir; but. as I said, I
have been on Indian reservations, and I can
see no difficulties why we should not establish
schools upon them.
Mr. SARGENT. There are Indian reserva-
tions where men are as polite to each other
and as civilized as any that are to be found in
ordinary political communities; but there is
the greatest difference in the world between
those Indians and the wild Indians. So far as
the latterare concerned it is a question whether
we can restrain them or not. What these In-
dians want just at this time is not the estab-
lishment of these schools, bat'food ; and tins
appropriation is hardly enough for that pur
pose. It is an economical appropriation, and
I hope gentlera,en will not persist in attaching
to it this incongruous amendment. It is for
the Apaches of Arizona. They are not of New
Mexico, but they roam over into that, Terri-
tory. To save the question of jurisdiction we
put in Arizona and New Mexico. They are
the Indians fiom whose devastation the people
of Arizona are suffering. I hope the amend-
ment, will be withdrawn, so the appropriation
may not bo thus restrained or conUolled.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ob i.~>. I move to
reduce the apnropriation $1,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is with-
drawn.
Mr. GAR-FIELD, of Ohio. Then I renew
it. Mr. Chairman, I have only two things to
say'. The gentleman from Mn^u^husftTs [Mr.
DaWES] and the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. ProsSEh] seem to asMinio that in the few
remarks I made a moment ago I was in favoi
