1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
4-1 st Cong....3d Sess.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr..Cox.
Ho. of Bjsps.
are to be held "in readiness at literally a mo-
ment's notice." The paper referred to gives
in detail the arrangement for carrying on
this Republican election—that "transcendent
thing," free choice—by the gun and cannon!
The pretext was to aid the United States
officers. When the House understands who
were selected as commissioners and inspectors
under the law they will appreciate the peril
which New York escaped. I will come to that
presently. The facts which I record here show
that the bill which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] introduced at the last session,
and which he justified as a bill of force, in thg
sense in which it was put to him, was, in fact,
a bill to station the Army, not only near the
polls, but at "a moment's" call to the polls,
with a view, if possible, to defeat a fair elec-
tion.
And after all this preparation of force the
object failed ! The Democracy carried city and
State, and State outside the city! Why?
Because of the corrupt practices and unjust
conduct of the Federal officers in the city.
True, many voters were intimidated and failed
to register, but their places were taken by the
hitherto indifferent but then indignant citizens.
The mayor, ever prompt for the honor and
fame of the city of his birth and choice, and
desirous of a fair election above all things,
made a list of officials to be presented to Judge
Woodruff, men representing the Democratic
party, under one provision of the law. The list
was made up of men of business and respect-
ability. Every one of the list had his address
in the directory and affixed to his name in the
list. They were scrutinized and indorsed by
two eminent attorneys, one a Republican, Mr.
Stoughton, and the other, George Ticknor
Curtis. This list was handed to the judge. The
mayor in person urged their selection. In-
stead, however, of selecting from each party an
equal number, and taking this list as the Dem-
ocratic portion, what did he do ? He rallied
the bad houses and slums ; he selected, as Gov-
ernor Hoffman demonstrates, the thieves, bul-
lies, vagabonds, blackguards, and cut-throats,
men without business or character. He
skimmed from the boiling caldron of venal
polities and crime the very scum of New York
city as Federal agents of registration and elec-
tion ! This was done to make a pure, fragrant
election—Lord Holt's "transcendent thing."
He had selected those who were morally
afflicted with that wholly incurable disease,
vermin-gendered, called trichinosis.
Lists of this crew of Federal appointees
appeared in the papers. The correctness of
their description wa.3 unchallenged. The
police reports previously and up to and after
the election furnish the various qualities for an
official, under this judicial execution of this
judicious law! Wife-whippers, penitentiary
birds, street vagabonds, beastly bloats, and
convicted felons thronged Chambers street,
three thousaud and more, fdr some days, fight-
ing and swearing for precedence to get their
Federal commission and their fees under this
sort of legislation. I saw this satchelly rout
of rascals, more detestable than
" The raee obscene
Spawned in the muddy beds of Nile."
They polluted the very gutters in front of the
Federal offices. They drove the marshal wild
with dismay and excitements "These, these,"
he might have been heard to say and sing,
"these are the champions of Republican
ideas; these are to purify the ballot; these, in
Whittier's words in his song 'On the Eve of
Election,' are the powers that stand guard
about empire's primal springs, the uncrowned
American kings!
" The mold of Fate that shape the State,
And make or mar the common weal."
Do you wonder, Mr. Speaker, that such a
selection of officials demoralized the law, as
41st Cong, 3d Sess.—No. 9.
all such laws will be demoralized? We had
an instance yesterday how law and discipline
at West Point have been demoralized at the
very fountain of authority here by undue in-
fluences. Oan we wonder that the demoral-
ization proceeds hence all through the land?
Accompanying these appointments to Fed-
eral offices were meetings of Republicans,
crazed with the idea that they would do by
force in New York city what had been done in
the South. Military eiubs were formed, com-
posed of men who never earned their titles
except, perhaps, as provost marshals. A Gen-
eral Foster boasted that the soldiers would
be at the polls. "Instead," said he, "of
one hundred and seventy thousand registry,
not one hundred thousand would appear;
United States Marshal Sharpe would appoint
every man a deputy marshal, as the law pro-
vides, and then when any one attempts to
vote illegally take him, dead or alive, before a
United States commissioner! If this is done
the State can be carried," he continued; "and
you did more than this every day in the
Army." Another belligerent shouted, "We
vote as we shot, and we will shoot as we vote.''
Will honorable members please note the
irresponsible powers to be given to such agents
under this species of legislation by this bill?
Will you doubt for a moment the startling
statement and indignant remonstrance of Gov-
ernor Hoffman? If, indeed, you are, your-
selves, weary of the military satrapy, epaulet
flourish, and sword-knot swagger which ob-
tains here in high circles, and desire Demo-
cratic success, pass this bill. But I want no
success by such means—by force or fraud.
The city and State of New York will do their
duty in spite of all these acts of repression.
When the crisis came during the last elec-
tion, and the military came forward to put
its hand at the throat of the people of New
York, luckily we had a Governor of moder-
ation and firmness. He came with his power
to guard his trust and to protect the State in
its free will. The United States being shamed
and demoralized, both in its judicial and ex-
ecutive officials, cringed, shrunk, and cowered
before the majesty of the people of New York,
represented by its courageous Chief Executive.
The House knows the event. I need not re-
call the orderly and prudent conduct of that
Democratic people. After all these elaborate
preparations for provoking the city to a breach
of the peace; after trying to create collision
and carnage, the failure was signal. But it
has taught you, it seems, no lesson yet.
I could show by evidence which I have before
me that notwithstanding the system of espion-
age ; notwithstanding the regulations of Fed-
eral officers, from General Grant down to the
lowest loafer of Marshal Sharp; notwithstand-
ing the efforts and ingenuity of Judge Davis,
a district attorney brought from the rural dis-
tricts to interpret and enforce the law of which
he was the author, and of a marshal who came
from Dutchess county to teach New York city
its electoral duty by arms; notwithstanding
also a detective vigilance which would do honor
to Fouch6 or Burket, to find out Democratic
frauds, either in false registration or repeating;
notwithstanding all this and the fact that oue
hundred and forty-two thousand votes were
registered, and also that sudden removals often
cause complications and irregularities, only
fifty arrests were made under that law in the
entire city. Most of those arrests were out-
rages uponthe citizen. Besides, the_ facts show
the most shameful persecutions under the law,
of both black and white. The entire proceed-
ing shows the effect which a law of this nature
is sure to have when put into practical execu-
tion. It verities the prediction 1 made when
it passed last session, that it was "_so full of
penalties as to be ridiculous and ineffectual
for the party ends proposed."
I append to these remarks a list of arrests,
It is from a Republican paper, and serves io
illustrate the manner in which such laws as this
are executed. (See appendix C.)
Mr. Speaker, if this bill becomes a law, aa
amended, if it be the intention of the major-
ity, in defiance of the will of the people of the
city and State of New York, and in defiance
of the present Democratic majority in the
United States, as developed by the elections
of 1870, if you intend to force through this
legislation with a view to secure success at the
Federal elections by martial means, then I, for
one, would advise the Executiye and Legis-
lature of New York, and all who inquire, to
change the time of holding our State election,
so that we may have an election of our own,
in which the Federal Government can h$ve
no pretext and no business to interfere. Be
sure, sir,that will be the result of this measure.
You may go on with your separate elections
as to Congressmen; we will elect our Con-
gressmen in New York anyhow. Go on with
your election in New York for presidential
electors ; we will carry the State for the De-
mocracy in 1872 anyhow. These pretentious,
forceful enactments, however thundering in
the index, in the conclusion will roar as gently
as a sucking dove. They will result In the
free expression of the people, and against the
authority now seeking to perpetuate itself by
them.
Mr. Speaker, the Republican party if it would
save itself in the future from defeat and dis-
grace might be in better business than passing
enactments of this kind. Why does it not do
something for the country ? Why does it not
do something for the currency ? Why not
relieve the onerous taxes now oppressing the
people? Why not take off the duty on salt, coal,
leather, lumber, and what not, which has been
so urgently demanded? Why not heed the cry
which is now coming up from New England
even, and abolish your oppressive tariffs on
raw materials? Why not listen to the woolen
and other manufacturers if you will not
hearken to the body of the consumers and
people throughout the country for relief?
Why not reform the civil service, a measure
which your President has ostentatiously and
freshly recommended? Why not stop these
land grants?
According to the resolutions of the Ohio
Legislature, read here yesterday, the President's
policy is against them. Why do you not instruct
him not to sign any more measures to help the
rich at the expense of the poor; to steal the
people's inheritance to aggrandize rich corpor-
ations and classes ? Why does he sign all such
bills ? Why do you not revive our ship-
ping? Why not better the administration of
the Government, and introduce, as you prom-
ised, more accountability and economy ? Why
not endeavor to make the South contented
with your rule by wise and libera! amnesty ?
Is all your time to be given to controlling the
elections in 1872, to perpetuate your abused
power? Has reason fled, and do you so dis-
trust the popular verdict that you seek to con-
strain it by force of arms? It seems as it
military maxims, military men, military poli-
tics are to prevail, to the eradication of every
idea of civil government. You have even
allowed, unchallenged,your Executive, through
his aid-de-camp and anomalous embassador,
General Babcock, to bargain for or a part of
one island and to threaten war upon the other !
You are not content with our buying ice-
bergs, seals, Indians, and misery at one end
of the world, but you are dickering for earth-
quakes, hurricanes, negroes, and bananas at
the other. You are not only stealing from the
Indians, (in regard to which revelations are
made everyday,) but your frauds in the New
York custom-house and in other branches
of the Federal Government call for all your
