1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1563
judgment of the honorable Senator from
Oregon. These Indians are in his State, and
if he thinks the item as it stands is correct,
very well.
Mr. CORBETT. I think it is correct as it
Btands. I have referred to the appropriation
bill of last year and I find the same amount
was appropriated.
Mr. HARLAN. I withdraw the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was on page 23 of the bill, line
five hundred and forty-five, to strikeout "five "
and insert "tenso as to read, "a sum not
exceeding $10,000."
The VICE PRESIDENT. In Committee
of the Whole this amount was reduced from
"$10,000" to a sum " not exceeding $5,000"
for third of ten installments for the Crows for
the purchase of articles necessary and proper.
The Committee on Indian Affairs recommend
striking out "five" and inserting "ten,"
making the clause substantially as it came
from the House of Representatives.
Mr. COLE. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs has not given any reason
why this sum should be restored. 1 believe
the appropriation last year was but $5,000,
and that seemed to be sufficient.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
finds that to be so, I shall not insist on this
amendment. The committee were guided in
this case by the judgment of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs. The House put in $10,000.
and he stated to the committee that $10,000
would be necessary to meet the provision of
the treaty. This is in pursuance of treaty stip-
ulations, and of course is in accordance with
the estimate.
ill-. COLE. I insist on the amendment
made in committee. The clause refers to
"Indians roaming." It is a matter of indefi-
niteness, and I think the amount agreed to by
the Committee of the Whole is all-sufficient.
Mr. CORBETT. I inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations what his
reason was for reducing the amount. If there
is any other reason except striking down the
appropriation I should like to know it.
Mr. COLE. The reason the committee relied
on mainly may not be a very good one, and
that is, to save money : that it is an unneces-
sary appropriation of $10,000 where $5,000
would answer every purpose.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of the honorable
Senator if he found any discrepancy between
the estimates and the text of the bill as it
came to the Senate from the House of Repre-
sentatives and the treaty stipulations? /This
seems to bQ in fulfillment of a treaty provision,
and 1 understood the honorable Senator last
evening to say that he was perfectly willing to
fulfill our treaty engagements.
Mr. COLE. I am not certain that this is
one of the treaties that have been approved.
Mr. HARLAN. It is one of the treaties
that have been approved.
Mr. COLE. It is a treaty made in 1808.
The question was examined pretty carefully
by the Committee on Appropriations, and they
concluded that this item could be cut down to
that amount at least. The Senate probably
may agree to that ou referring to the object
of the appropriation. It says:
For third often installments, to be used by tlie Sec-
retary oftho Interior in the purchaseot such articles
as from time to time the condition and necessities
may indicate to bo proper, the sum oi' ten dollars tor
each Indiau roaming, one thousand souls, as per
same article, $10,000.
It is a mere estimate or gaes3 at the num-
ber of Indians roaming, and I think if we do
not appropriate it they will cease to roam and
become agricultural perhaps, and be in better
condition to maintain themselves. I think the
item ought to remain at $">,000, as it was fixed
in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HARLAN. That the Senate may under-
stand the-force of these statements, I wish to
observe that the treaty provides for the collec-
tion of these Indians on reservations as fast as
practicable, and provides for larger appropria-
tions per capita for those that are collected on
reservations than those that for the time being
decline to settle down in this peaceful mode.
The treaty, if I remember correctly, provides
that those who do not settle down on reserva-
tions shall only be entitled to appropriations
amounting to about ten dollars per capita. The
Department estimates that a thousand of these
will probably not be collected on reservations
during the coming fiscal year.
If the honorable Senator's information or
suggestion should prove true, and more of them
were to go on the reservation than has been
estimated, then the appropriation ought to be
increased, for it is lighter for those that do not
go on to reservations than for those who do
thus settle down. The estimate for those who
settle is for goods and property in kind, it will
be observed by referring to the preceding
clause of the bill; but it was supposed that a
thousand of these Crows would not thus con-
gregate and attempt to make a living by agri-
culture ; and if not, they are entitled under the
treaty to this amount.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the article
of the treaty under which this appropriation is
made is the following:
"And in addition to the clothing herein named,
the sum of ten dollars shall be annually appropri-
ated for each Indian roaming, and twenty dollars
for each Indian engaged in agriculture, for a period
of ten years, to be used by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior in the purchase of all such articles as from
time to time the condition and necessities of the
Indians may indicate to be proper."
The view that the Committee on Appropria-
tions had about it, and I imagined that it would
have struck my friend from Iowa in the same
way, was that it would be an excellent thing
to encourage settling, so that they would be
entitled to the twenty dollars instead of the
ten dollars, and therefore to pinch down to
the lowest possible amount the roaming appro-
priation of ten doliers, so that the officers
could say to the roaming Indians, "Now, if
you will come in on the reservation and settle
down, you will be entitled to twenty dollars ;
but if you stay out roaming, although we have
agreed to give you ten dollars, we do not know
how many there are of you, and we canuot
tell, and we have no money for you." It was
in the interest of humanity and peace and
civilization that we wanted to diminish the
amount of money applied to the roaming
Indians and thus enable the Department to
persuade them to come in and settle down
and get a larger bounty than was allowed to
them while roaming. I think that ought to
commend itself to the good sense of every
Senator.
Mr. HARLAN. It does to mine, but I would
inquire of the honorable Senator if the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have provided an
appropriation, on the estimate of twenty dol-
lars each, for such portion of this thousand
as may be collected on the reservation ? If I
understand the Senator's reasoning correctly,
it is this: the treaty provides that those who
do not settle may have ten dollars apiece, and
those that do settle may have twenty dollars
apiece, and for the purpose of inducing them
to settle we are not to give those who roam
anything. Now, does he provide something
in lieu of that to induce these men to settle?
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ Certainly we do it. On
the next page we give all that is asked for;
and with their numbers we thought the appro-
priation of $20,000 on the next page for those
that would come in would be enough for the
present purpose.
Mr. HARLAN. But the $20,000 in the suc-
ceeding clause is for the estimated number of
those tiiat settle down ; and, according to the
views taken by the Department, a thousand
of these Indians would not thus settle, and
they estimate for a smaller sum of money for
that thousand than they would be entitled to
if they did settle. If the Committee on Appro-
priations desire to induce them to settle, then
they should appropriate $20,000 instead of
$10,000, and affix a condition that no part of it
shall be paid to such as roam.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That would violate the
treaty. We have got to have this appropria-
tion in the language of the treaty.
Mr. HARLAN. The treaty, then, it seems,
can only be saved by refusing to pay the
amount we have agreed to pay 1
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not stating itfairly.
Mr. HARLAN. If I do not state it faiily,
it is because I am incapable of doing so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator is an ingen-
ious master of fence.
Mr. COLE. In order to be certain that we
should be living up to our treaty stipulations,
we make, as was stated by my colleague on the
committee, the full appropriation of $20,000
to those who are entitled to settle down, and
also make an appropriation of $5,000 to those
who may be roaming. The inducement is.not
to have so many of them roaming, but to bring
them in by degrees, and $5,000 certainly will
be all that can be claimed under the treaty for
the persons who are roaming over the country
maintaining themselves by the chase.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole
reduces the amount from $10,000 to $5,000.
The question is on concurring in this amend-
ment.
The amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment will be read, being in line five hundred
and forty-six.
Mr. COLE. There is an amendment above
that, striking out the words "one thousand
souls," in lines five hundred and forty three
and five hundred and forty-four.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment was regarded as concurred in, as no
point was made on it in the printed amend-
ments of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. COLE. Very well.
The next amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole was in line five hundred and
forty-six, to strike out "four" and inseit
"two;" so that the clause will read, "for pay
of a physician, $1,200."
Mr. HARLAN. That is right, following the
other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is pay for
a physician for the Crows. The House of Rep-
resentatives appropriated $1,400. _ On motion
of the Committee on Appropriations it was
reduced in Committee of the Whole to $1,200,
from which the Committee on Indian Affairs
dissent by their printed amendments, and
desire the item to stand as it came from the
House.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire if the additional
$200 is not the estimate for medicine?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; the original House
bill provided "for the pay of a physician,
$1,400" a year. We thought that with the
house that is provided for him, and the other
conveniences, $1,200 a year, together with his
private practice, would be a fair sum to give
him.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think there will
be much private practice up among the Crows.
But still, if this was all intended to be included
as 'salary, I have no objection to the additional
$200 being stricken off.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is purely salary.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page^ 23, to strike out
lines five hundred and fifty four and five hun-
dred and fifty-five, in the words "for pay of
second blacksmith, iron and steel, as per eighth
article same treaty, $2,000."
The VICE PRESIDEN L\ The Committee
on Indian Affairs recommend that these words
be restored to the appropriations for the Crows.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to know on
