1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
78d
Hidalgo, made with Mexico in 1848, without
the consent of the republic of Mexico?
Mr. SARGEN1'. J have no doubt that we
have; but thatis not involved in this matter.
The gentleman's amendment is that annuities
to the Navajoes shall be stopped to pay people
who claim that the Navajoes have taken prop-
erty from them. If the Government of the
United States is responsible for the good con-
duct of the Navajoes, let these men come here
and present their claims to Congress; and if
the claims are good we will pay them. A
number of claims have already been paid.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose.; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Wheeler reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the spe-
cial order, being House bill No. 2615, making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department and for
fulfilling so-called treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1872, and for other purposes, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
bills, etc., arproved.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Porter, one of his secretaries,
announced that the President had approved
and signed bills and joint resolutions of the
following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 2777) for the relief of
Henry H. Hoyt, late of the fifth regiment Wis-
consin volunteer infantry;
An act (H. R. No. 2355) for the relief of
Pierpont Seymour, of East Bloomfield, New
York;
Joint resolution (H. It. No. 349) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to settle the
accounts of Richard R. Peebles, of Austin
county, Texas, late collector of the port of
Galveston, Texas; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 450) authorizing
the settlement of the accounts of William Y.
Patch.
appraiser at galveston, texas.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2870) to
appoint an appraiserfor the portof Galveston,
Texas, and for other purposes ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
relief op disabled officers.
Mr. GARFTELDE, ofWashington, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2871) for relief of disabled officers of the Army
honorably mustered out under the act of July
15, 1870 ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that all references
and recommittals to day be reconsidered; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. ARCHER, (at
four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petitions of C. J.
Reynolds and John Cochran, citizens of Ala-
bama, asking the removal of political disabil-
ities imposed by the third section of the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Consti-
tution. . _ _
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
A. S. Hallett-and 49 others, citizens of Hyan-
nis, Massachusetts, praying that a commission
be appointed to audit and determine the claims
on account of damages by the Alabama and
other British cruisers, and to pay the same.
By Mr. CESSNA: Four remonstrances by
citizens of Franklin county, Pennsylvania,
against the introduction of coolie laborers.
By Mr. FAENSWORTH: The memorial
of William B. Whiting, in reference to remail-
ing and forwarding letters. &c.
By Mr. FISHER: The petition of J. L.
Gage, M. D., and 77 others, citizens of Genesee
county, New York, praying for the removal of
the Commissioner of Pensions.
Also, the petition of J. L. Gage, M. D., and
95 others, citizens of the county of Genesee,
praying for the establishment of a homeopathic
professorship in a national university at Wash-
ington, should such university be incorporated.
By Mr. HALDEMAN : The petition of
Mary Ann Henry, widow of Captain Henry
Henry, of the United States Navy.
.By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of George B. Upton and other citizens
of Boston, Massachusetts, praying Congress
for relief for damages inflicted by the Alabama
and other British cruisers.
By Mr. 1NGERSOLL: The petition of C.
M. Brown and 29 others, citizens of Oneida,
Knox county, Illinois, asking relief for the old
soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. IiETCHAM: The petition of Isaac
W. Lake, late a soldier in the United States
Army, for relief.
By Mr. LOGAN : The petition of J. H. Rol-
lins for a pension.
By Mr. LOUGHRIDGE: A memorial of
200 citizens of Clinton, Iowa, praying for pen-
sions to the surviving soldiers of the war of
1812.
By Mr. MeCORMICK, of Missouri: A peti-
tion of citizens of Missouri, asking for a post
route from Knob Lick to St. Mary's Landing,
in said State.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The memorial
of Martha A. Brooks, widow of John W.
Brooks, late a private in company I, sixty-
ninth regiment Ohio volunteer infantry, for a
pension.
By Mr. NEGLEY: A memorial in behalf
of the revival of American commerce.
Also, a petition on river commerce, signed
by 61 citizens of western Pennsylvania, asking
Congress to prevent the construction of .the
Newport and Cincinnati bridge on the plan at
present designed.
Also, twenty petitions, signed by_l,330 citi-
zens of western Pennsylvania, asking the in-
terference of Congress against the construction
of the Newport and Cincinnati bridge, as at
present designed.
By Mr. PECK: The petition of A. G. Halg-
worth, Chase Isherwood & Co., and some 20
other firms in Toledo, Ohio, manufacturers
of tobacco, snuff, and cigars, to be exempt
from the tax on sales.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition and accom-
panying papers of Mildred Ann Yarrington, of
Henrico county, Virginia, praying compensa-
tion for buildings and personal property taken
by United States troops during the rebellion.
Also, the petition of James T. Sutton, of
Richmond, Virginia, praying additional com-
pensation as pension agent at Richmond, Vir-
ginia.
Also, the petition of Thomas P. Wilkinson,
of Richmond, Virginia, praying the removal
of the legal and political disabilities imposed
upon him by the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States.
Also, the petition of Charles T. Anderson,
of Fincastle, Virginia, praying the removal of
the legal and political disabilities imposed
upon him by the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States.
Also, the petition of E. P. Murphy, of Rich-
mond, Virginia, praying the removal of the
legal and political disabilities imposed upon
him by the fourteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution of the United States.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 26, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. J. H. Ksowles, of Atlanta,
Georgia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
partly read; when, on motion of Mr. Pomeroy,
and by unanimous consent, the further read-
ing was dispensed with.
smithsonian institution regents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits a letter from one of the Regents of the
Smithsonian Institution, announcing his resig-
nation, which is to be filled by joint resolution
of Congress. The Secretary will read the
letter.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Washington, D. C., January 25, 1871.
Sir: The period of six years for which I was
appointed a Regent of the Smithsonian Institution,
under a joint resolution of the Senate and House
of Representatives, expires in February.
I believethewellareand best interests of the Insti-
tution may be subserved by tendering my resigna-
tion of this trust and responsibility at the present
date, that the Board of Regents and Congress may
have the necessary time to appoint my successor
and enable him to attend the annual meeting of the
Board of Regents, now about to take place.
I have requested Hon. J. A. Garfield to present
my resignation as a Regent to the board at its first
meeting:, and should the occasion require, request
you will stato the fact to the Senate of my having
tendered my resignation for the reasons herein
stated.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
RICHARD DELAEIELD,
Brigadier General U. S. A., {retired.)
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Vice President of the United
States, member of the Board of Regents of Smithson-
ian Institution.
The letter was ordered to lie on the table.
kansas military expenses.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 874) to reim-
burse the State of Kansas for moneys expended
for the United States in enrolling, equipping,
and provisioning militia forces to aid in sup-
pressing the rebellion.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House of
Representatives. The House have stricken
out the appropriation. The bill passed the
Senate at the last session precisely in this
shape, but it contained an appropriation which
the House of Representatives have stricken out.
The effect of the amendment of the House is
to strike out the appropriation and require the
report of the commissioners to examine these
claims to be made to Congress. As it is late
in the session, I move that the Senate concur
in the House amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
fort leavenworth reservation.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the joint resolution (H. R. No. 170)
authorizing the sale of a portion of the Fort
Leavenworth military reservation to the Kan-
sas Agricultural and Mechanical Association
of Leavenworth county, in the State of Kansas,
for fair grounds.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs of the Senate at the last session
reported a joint resolution verbatim, the same
as this one from the House. It was presented
in both Houses at the same time, and tbe House
of Representatives have passed it and sent it
here. The Senate Committee reported a simi-
lar resolution, as I say, which is now on the
Calendar. I ask that the House joint resolu-
tion be put on its passage at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read; I should
like to hear it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be read, subject to objection to it?
consideration when it shall have been read.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution at
length. It authorizes the Kansas Agricultural
and Mechanical Association, a corporate body
organized under and by virtue of the laws
of the State of Kansas, to purchase from the
United States, for the sole purposes and us®
