1871.j
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
41st Cong-.,.. 3d Sess.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Cox.
Ho. of Reps.
eral McDowell to confer fully beforehand with the
United States marshal and the United States district
attorney, to concert with them proper measures, and
to promptly respond to any call made upon him lor
troops by the marshal during the week of the elec-
tion, ordering them in such numbers and to such
points in the city as the marshal may signify.
The President hopes that the use of the United
States troops for the purpose indicated will never
be required, but the law must be enforced, and he
therefore expects General McDowell and the officers
and troops under his command, while using the
utmost discretion, to tnkecaro that the purpose of
the Government to enforce the law is fully carried
out; but in the performance of this duty they areonly
effectually to execute the measures indicated to them
by the authorized civil officers of the United States.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedicntservant,
WILLIAM "W.BELKNAP,
/Secretary of War.
CIIAUNCEY aicKEEVER,
A.ssistant Adjutant General.
General W. T. Sherman,
United States Army, Washington, 1). C.
[Official.]
Headquarters Department of the East,
N e\v Yor.k City, November 5,1870.
[Special Orders No. 229.J
1. The available officers and two hundred non-
commissioned officers and privates of the engineer
troops atWillett's Point, Kew York harbor, will come
to the headquarters* building in this city on next
Monday evening, November 7, so as to arrive by ten
o'clock p. in., prepared for armed service, and to re-
main at lea.-t tili Wednesday morning. They will
come in a steamboat which the quartermaster's de-
partment will send for them, and will be landed at
the foot of Spriug street, (Pier No. 43 North river,)
aud march thence and take the station which may
be shown them by the district quartermaster. They
will bring a day's cooked rations. Facilities will be
afforded m the building tor making hot coffce.
2. All the available officers and men of the eighth
intantry will be brought to the city on Monday, the
7th instant, to arrive about ten o'clock p. m. They
will co me preparedfor armed service, with their over-
coats and blankets, to remain at least till Wednes-
day morning, the 9th instant. The colonel, with
five companies, will take post in building No. 161
Avenue U, near the northeast corner of Tompkins
square, and the lieutenant colonel, with five com-
panies, will take post in buildings Nos. 322, 324, and
326 East Forty-Fifth street, between Firstand Second
avenues.
3. The available officers and men of the compa-
nies of the first aitiliery at Forts Hamilton, Wads-
worth, and Wood, under Colonel Vogdes, or the
senior officer, will coinc to the city on Monday even-
ing, the 7th instant, to arrive by about ten p. m., pre-
Wred for armed scrvice. and to remain at least tili
ednesday morning. They will take post in build-
ing No. 294 Broadway, near the corner of Keade
street, and will luaid at the wharf most convenient
for their reaching that point. They will bring with
them a. day's cooked rations and their camp-kettles
for in.i king coilee. The district, quartermaster will
furnish drays to carry their effects lrom the steam-
boat.
4. The troops above indicated, and the fifth artil-
lery, from Tort Trumbull and Port Adams, are to be
brought here to aid the United States civii officers
in the execution of their duty in enforcing the Uni-
ted States laws, and it cannot be too strongly im-
pieased ('ii them that the duty they have to perform,
is one of exceeding d eiicMcy, and of the highest im-
portance, and that it may depend largely on their
iideiity and good conduct that peace is maintained.
They will be held in readiness for service at, liter-
ally, a moment's notice; and lrom the time of their
arrival not a man will be allowed to leave the build-
ing, on any account or for any purpose whatever,
unless under a commissioned officer.
;3. Commanders of the stations above named will,
immediately on their arrival, send a repoit of the
fact to department headquarters. ,
By command of Brigadier General McDowell:
ROBERT C. PERRY,
Acting AtnxtarU Adjutant General.
The troops came on oUonday night, and disem-
barked silently to their several quarters. During
the day perfect order reigned. Tne headquarters
of the department, at the corner of Houston and
Greene streets, presented a quiet appearance. The
stair * ays, however, lead ing to the two upper stories
of the building were packed with troops. The en-
gineer department, from Willett's Point, number-
ing three hundred men, with companies 11 and I of
the fifth United States artillery, from Fort Trum-
ble. New London, Connecticut, alt under command
of Colonel Kiddoe, were quartered in the halls and
on the stairs. Their arms were blacked, and the
men were scattered around on benches and on the
floor, or stood in groups engaged in conversation.
All were armed with the latest improved needle-
gun, and furnished with forty rounds of ammuni-
tion, with one hundred rounds a man in reserve.
At pier No. 27 North river companies A, B. and L
of the fifth UnitedScates artillery, from Port Adams,
Newport, were quartered on the steamer Metis. In
addition to these was Dapont's light battery of four
guns. None was allowed to leave the boat or to
enter without a pass. The men were in the lower
part of the boat, and the officers were in the cabin
under Colonel llunt.
Companies B, C, D, II, and M, of the Pirst United
States artillery, L'olonel Vogdes, from Ports Ham-
ilton and Wadsworth, New York harbor, were sta-
tioned in the three upper stones of N 0.294 Broadway.
At No.161 AvenueB, nearTompkinssquare, there
were stationed the first five companies of the eighth
infantry, Colonel Bamford in command. This regi-
ment came from David's Island, and was armed with
the needle-gun. They were quartered in the hall
over a lager-beer saloon, and company A was kept
under arms ready for marching orders. Tue remain-
ing five companies of the regiment were on Forty-
Fii'th street, between Pirst and Second avenues, in
the large room of a brewery. Guards were, as iu all
cases, stationed at the top and bottom of the stairs,
and all who appJied for entrance wore taken under
guard before Colonel Edie. Long rows of stacked
arms extended the whole length of the hall. An
amply supply of ammunition was brought to the
place, amounting iu the aggregate to one hundred
and iorty rounds for each man.
hi the River and Harbor.—The frigates Guer-
riere and Narragansott were at anchor at tho foot of
Chambers street, North river, and Wall street, East
river, respectively. The port-holes were all closed,
however, and every appealance ol warlike prepara-
tion on board wus avoided. None other than tho
troops regularly stationed there were on Governor's
Island.
(C.)
Practical Effect of Force in Elections.
The Commercial Advertiser of November 8, a
Republican journal not likely to parade colored
statements has the following:
Nicholas Muller, a prominent Tammany politician
in the first ward, was arrested at three o'clock this
morning, as he was assorting ballots, and lodged in
Ludlow street jail for an examination on a charge
of having illegally registered.
Michael McDermott was arrested on the charge of
repeating in tho fourteenth district of the sixth
ward, but it being found that a repeater had pre-
viously voted on his name, thus causing a misappre-
hension, and throwing suspicion on McDermott, the
latter was discharged.
J. II. Shepherd, fourteenth district, twentieth
ward, and William E. Parish, filth district, third
ward, were brought before Co*missioner Daven-
port and discharged for lack of sufficient evidence
to show any criminal intent to illegally vote. Theo-
dore Valpaski, twenty-first district, sixth ward, was
committed for examination.
James Enright, in eighth election district of
fourth ward; Win, J". O'Reilly, seventh district,
fifteenth ward; Lake, eighth ward. All these
were discharged, having been arrested under a mis-
apprehension as to name or place of residence.
William Craven, charged with having given a
false residence when registering in tho second elec-
tion district of the seventh ward, was discharged, it
appearing that he "had given his true residence, the
belief that he had given a false residence arising
from carelessness in officers who made inquiries
about the matter in getting their information. This
is one of several cases in which arrests have been
made under misapprehensions occasioned by a lack
of proper inquiry.
John Garry, charged with illegal voting in the
second election district of the eighth ward, was held
for a hearing.
Robert Anderson, who was charged with illegal
registering in an election district in the eighth ward,
and wno has been incarcerated in Ludlow street jail
for weeks awaiting an examination, has at length
been brought before a commissioner and discharged,
there being no evidence against him. This is one of
several similar cases of haidshipexpciienccd by men
arrested through the indiscreet exercise of power by
inexperienced and oveizealous officers.
William Stevens, a colored man, was brought be-
fore Commissioner Davenport, charged with having
fraudulently registered his name in tho fourteenth
district in the fourteenth ward, on the olst of Octo-
ber, giving his residence as No. 2s Jersey street.
Three witnesses were examined. They proved that
he did live there at the time of registration, and the
prisoner was discharged.
A man named Patrick Griffin was charged before
Commissioner Davenport to-day with having regis-
tered iu the name of Burns, on the first day of regis-
tration, in the eleventh district of the sixth ward.
On examination it was shown that the whole diffi-
culty arose out of a mistake, and the prisoner was
discharged.
Geoige Johnson, a colored man, was brought
before Commissioner Shields, charged with having
registered his name fiist m the fouith district of the
fourteenth ward, aud a second time in the third dis-
trict of tho, same ward. The statement of the pris-
oner wasadmitted. It showed that hedid not intend
to vote fraudulently, but having.changed his resi-
dence thought it necessary to register from his new
abode. The commissioner discharged him. . t
James liame w.is brought before Commissioner
Davenport charged with having fraudulently regis-
tered his name on the second day of registration
from No. 21 Hamilton street. He gave a satisfac-
tory explanation and was discharged.
In the Herald the following appears:
United States Commissioners' Court—An Election
Fxasco.
Before Commissioner Davenport:
Bartholomew Colman. Michael St. George, and
Richard A>h—the first two Tammany inspectors, and
the last-named a Republican inspector in the ninth
election district of the first ward—were brought up
for examination on the charge of having allowed one
James Eagan to register illegally. The evidence
showed that Eagan was challenged, but swore that
he was competent, and that there was no evidence
'brought to the knowledge of the inspectors that he
was incompetent. Counsel for defense contended
that in this view of the case it was the duty of tho
inspectors to allow Eagan to register, and the com-
missioner coincided m this view and discharged the
accused.
''The law's delay—a hard cane.—Isaac Courcelli, a
Frenchman, was arrested on the 26.h of October for
having, as alleged, given a false residence while
registering. He was brought before Commissioner
Davenport at the time, and his examination was set
down for the 23th of October. A special deputy mar-
shal who had the warrant failed, for some reason, to
return it to the marshal's office, and poor Courcelli
was not brought up for examination. In the multi-
plicity of matters that engrossed the commissioner's
attention at that time Courcelli's case was forgotten
by the commissioner—or rather the fact that he had
not been brought up for examination escaped his
attention—and Courcelli might have laid iu jail for
an indefinite period had he not addressed a note to
the commissioner asking when he would bo exam-
ined. The latter immediately sent for Courcelli, and
after hearing his story bccamo convinced that he
was entitled to vote, and had probably acted under
a misapprehension in giving his residence, and im-
mediately discharged him.
A specimen supervisor—A horse-pistol andthe Repub-
lican ticket.—Iu the court of special sessions yester-
day, before Judge Dowling. Joseph Donaldson,
a United States supervisor at the i ecent elections,
was arraigned for attempting to intimidate a voter
and lor having in his possession a horse-revolver,
fully loaded, which there was leasonabie fear he
might use without any just cause. Theeomplainant
against him was Matthew McCloskey, of 175 Varick
sirect, and the charge was to the effect that on elec-
tion day McCloskey, when about entering a polling
place in the tenth district of the eighth ward, was
tapped on theshoulder by Donaldson, who requested
him to accompany him a short distance up the street,
and that while they were walking along Donaldson
pulled outa set of tickets of the Republican persua-
sion, energetically demanding of McCloskcy that he
should vote "the square thing," to which the latter
most determinedly objected. When they returned
to the polling place Donaldson, in his chagrin,
administered to McCloskey's back a heavy thump,
which was the cause of a crowd gathering around, in
which was Captain McDonncll. The captain, after
hearing how matters stood, asked Donaldson if ho
was a United States supervisor, and if so to produce
his authority. Donaldson then put his hands into
one of his own pockets and pulled out the largest-
sized horse-pistol, and, with a. flourish, said, "There
it is; ain't that enough T* The captain rapped, aud
the usual consequence followed.
JudgeJDowling: When did you get this revolver?
Prisoner: I got it Tuesday morning at the corner
of Greene and Houston streets, from the United
States marshal.
Judge Dowlmg: Did you think itsufficientto show
a horse-pistol to a eaptam ot police when asked
civilly for your authority to act as United States
supervisor?
Piisoner: Well, it, was elcc-tion day, judge.
J iidge Dowling • I think it would h ive boon bet-
ter to have had all the military out on Tuesday last
than to have had such fellows as you going around
with horse-revolvers in your pockets. Nothing, I
feel certain, could possibly have been more calculated
to have excited a riot than an exhibition of horse-
pistols in the hands of the men who had them, aud
who were prepared to use them when they thought it
was necessary, because "it was election day." It was
bad enough to try to force tickets upon a votei without
loading liun a supervisor's so uvenir of election day,
in the shape of a heavy blow on the back. You were
sent there to protect the public on that day and to
preserve the peace of tho district to which you were
appointed, and not to strike people on the back ami
flourish a horse-pistol m explanation to a police offi-
cer. I will inform you that the law is vciy severe
m dealing with persons who interfere with \ olers on
election days. You were clothed with the authority
of the UmtedStatesforthedueperl'ormanceofyour
duties; but as the United States did not give you
permission to beat people with your fists and to deter
them by your horse pistol, nor, so far as I know, to
become an electioneerer for the Republican party, I
will send you to the penitentiary lor six months^
T.ie prisoner expressed his indignation when going
over the "Bridge of Sighs.''
[From the World.]
Outrage on a Colored Mun.—A fair sample of
Piadioal hate and persecution, exercised undercover
of tho new election act. camo to light yesterday.
GeorgoWashington Johnson, an old colored preacher
and physician, was brougbtout from Ludlow street
jail, where he fcad keen confined ever since the day
