1566
THE CONGKESSIOtfAL GLOBE.
February 23,
the req uirements of the tribe are not very great
beyond what they are able to supply them-
selves, and they do not require to come to the
Treasury of the United States for any very
considerable assistance. I hope we shall not
go so far beyond the estimates as to add to the
appropriations for these Indians $50,000.
This, by the bye, is not in the estimates at all;
it does not-come from the Department. The
Senator has no authority for it; and it ought
not to be put in' the bill. We have no suffi-
cient information clearly on which to vote in
favor of it.
Mr. CORBETT. My impression is that this
appropriation was recommended by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs. The acting chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations says
there is no recommendation, but I believe the
Commissioner was before us personally, and
made statements as to the necessity of this
appropriation. I think the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs has some facts in
connection with it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This amendment pro-
vides for paying out $50,000 for subsistence
and clothing and in aiding the Osages in estab-
lishing themselves in their new homes, to be
reimbursed from the proceeds of the sales of
their lands in Kansas-- The prominent and
present objection that I have to it is that to do
that in that form would violate the act of 1870,
under which we induced them to leave their
settlements in Kansas and give up their lands
to us and go to a new home, because we prom-
ised by that act " that in consideration of the
relinquishment by said Indians of their lands
in Kansas the United States shall pay annually
interest on the amount of money received as
proceeds of the sale of said lands at the rate
of five per cent., to be expended by the Pres-
ident for the benefit of said Indians in such
manner as he may deem proper."
Now, if we undertake to say that this
$50,000 shall come out of the proceeds of the
sale, instead of being held as a drawback from
accumulating interest, we shall violate the ar-
rangement under which we persuaded them to
go away. Therefore it ought not to be agreed
to in that form. If the Senator would modify
his amendment, if it is recommended by the
proper head of Department, so as to provide
a moderate sum to be retained out of the ac-
cruing interest, which we have a right to expend
for the benefit of the Indians under the direc-
tion of the President, then the objection I have
to it would be in a great measure removed.
Mr. HARLAN. That object will be effected
by inserting before the words " proceeds of"
the words " interest on."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is true; let it be
so modified. Then put it at $25,000, and I
will agree to it. ,
Mr. HARLAN. I will accept the honorable
Senator's suggestion and reduce the amount
to $25,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we had better
assent to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment will be regarded as
agreed to in that shape. It is agreed to.
The next amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole was in line nine hundred and
seventy-seven, to strike out "ten" and insert
"five."
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is an item
for the support of two manual-labor schools
for the Pawnees. The House of Representa-
tives appropriated $10,000; the Committee of
the Whole reduced it to $5,000 on the motion
of the Committee on Appropriations, and the
Committee on Indian Affairs recommend the
restoration of the amount, $10,000.
Mr. HARLAN. That surely ought not_ to
be reduced. These Indians are now doing
very well. They live on the Platte river in
Nebraska and are under the supervision of
the Quakers. The schools are reported as
doing well, better than they ever have been
4oit)g; ana this is the amount that has been
appropriated from, year to year for a series
of years. It would be a kind of cruelty to
reduce the amount and compel them to send
away half the children.
Mr. POMEROY. We are really tryiflg to
have the next generation of Indians educated.
Nearly all the children can speak English now;
they are learning,very well; and to curtail an
appropriation for education is worse than to
take away bread, a-good deal.
Mr. COLE. I think the Committee on
Indian Affairs and the Senator from Kansas
ought to be able to give us some reason why
the appropriation is larger this year than last.
Last year, for the same purpose, $5,000 was
the sum appropriated. Unless they can give
some reason why it should be increased,
doubled this year, when money is worth more
than it was then, I think we ought not to go
ahead at that rate.
Mr. POMEROY. My understanding is that
the schools under this Quaker management
have greatly increased; they have a great many
more scholars, and have to provide for the sub-
sistence and clothing of more. At these man-
ual-labor schools they clothe and subsist the
children ; they take the Indian child away from
his home and parents, and in that way the
addition to the number adds vastly to the ex-
pense.
Mr. COLE. The whole number of Indians
of all classes of this tribe is only two thousand
seven hundred and fifty, and the number of
Indian children attending school cannot be
very large, not so large as to require double
the appropriation of last year I think. If they
are improving to the extent or in the degree
mentioned by Senators, they ought to be after
a while self sustaining or a little less, and less
dependent upon the Government^ for the sup-
port of these schools. It certainly is not a
very good policy to double up year by year.
If we double up to $10,000 this year to please
the Quakers, next year we shall have to double
up again, making, I suppose, $20,000, and in
this arithmetical progression I do not know
where we shall land.
Mr. POMEROY. That is very good talk;
but let the Senator compute for a moment.
Here is a child to be boarded, educated, and
clothed. How much will it take for one child
a year? Say $250. You cannot certainly
think of supporting and clothing and edu-
cating a child, though it be an Indian child,
for less than $250 a year. You say there are
two thousand of those Indians. How many
children have they? They ought to have at
least five hundred children to go to school,
and you will see that this does not afford them
$250 each; it is just $100 apiece for them.
The Senator from California must see that that
is no adequate support for a scholar.
I wish to remark here that if this policy of
civilizing the Indians is to be encouraged at all
it must begin with the children in the schools,
teaching them English, taking them away from
their parents and the habits the parents have,
and putting them into institutions, manual-
labor schools, where they can be taught to
work and receive education. Now, doling out
a pittance of $5,000 to board and clothe chil-
dren in a seminary of this character is notgiv-
ing them half a loaf.
Mr. COLE. We appropriate for the cloth-
ing of these children in another part of the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Not specifically for those
who go to school; you do for the whole tribe,
whether they go to school or not.
Mr. COLE. They are included in the tribe;
they are part of the tribe. We appropriate
for them a large sum of money, $30,000, part
of which must be expended for clothing. We
appropriate in all for these Indians, I think,
something like $50,000.
Mr. POMEROY. Very likely; they are
not in my State ; they are in Nebraska; but
I have had my attention called to that. I
understand that they want these schools sup-
ported. You may give them clothes to run
about ,the prairies, but they will soon wear
out and they are gone; you may give them
bread, but it is soon eaten up; but give them
an education, and they can neither squander
that nor destroy it. Education is the founda-
tion of the Indian character as well as of the
white man's character, and you had better dis-
pense with all your appropriations for feed-
ing, unless it be to prevent absolute starva-
tion-, and put all the money in schools. Then
you will benefit the tribe, and you may have
hope of a civilization there which will be per-
manent and lasting.
Mr. CORBETT. As I stated before, with
regard to my own State, for a thousand Indians
the Senate refused to increase an appropria-
tion of this kind from $2,000 to $3,000. I am
surprised that the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations should have been willing to
give $5,000 for this school. In proportion to
what he has elsewhere given, he ought to have
cut it down to $4,000.
Now, so far as maintaining a manual-labor
school for such a number of Indians with
$5,000 is concerned, it is perfectly impossible;
and you might as well strike out the appropri-
ation altogether, unless yon make it sufficient
to make it efficient. If you want to make your
school efficient, give them sufficient funds to
carry it on and teach the children, and so they
will be educated and the appropriation will be
of some use to them hereafter. Without that
you might as well stop making the appropria-
tions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
of the Whole struck down the amount from
$10,000 to $5,000. The question is on con-
curring in this reduction.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was on page 41, after line ten
hundred and one, to insert the following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to be used at the discretion of the Pres-
ident, to carry on the work of aiding and instructing
the Pone as in the arts of civilization, with a view to
their self-support, and for subsistence and clothing,
^20,000.
Mr. HARLAN. The explanation of this
recommendation by the Committee on Indian
Affairs is very brief. These Ponca Indians
live on the border of the great Sioux reserva-
tion. They are neighbors to the Sioux. They
are entitled, under treaty stipulations, to a
small sum per capita compared to that which
the Sioux receive. These have always been
peaceable Indians; they have been a kind of
breakwater between the Sioux and the whites ;
and last year their crops all failed, and, being
hemmed in as they are, it is very difficult for
them to get out to procure anything from the
chase; and the information the committee had
was that they would suffer and a great many
of them starve unless some provision was made.
Mr. COLE. These Indians number aho-
gether less than a thousand. They are but a
fragment or rather a remnant of a tribe of
Indians. We have treaties with them. The
bill, as it was sent to us, provides for fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations. The title of the bill is
"A bill making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, andfor fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes," &c. We have already
in the bill proposed to give these Indians, I
think, something like $20,000, or a little short
of that. I will call attention to one item men-
tioned :
For eighth of ten installments—
Which, of course, must be in pursuance of
a treaty—
to be paid to them or expended for their benefit,
$10,000. t ,
For tbis amount, to be expended during the pleas-
ure of the President in furnishing such aid ana
assistance in agricultural and mechanical pursuits,
including the working of the mill, as provided by
second article of the treaty of March 12, 1863, as the
Secretary of the Interior may consider advantage-
ous and necessary, $7,500.
It will be seen that we atake ample provis-
