132
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
Ho. ot Reps.
Claim of HcGarrahan—Mr. Eldridge.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
before election on a charge of attempting to vote
illegally by registering bis name in a distuet where
lie aid not reside. lie was taken before Commis-
sioner John A. Shields, who proceeded to examine
into the case. It was soon ascertained that the
charge against the piisoner was wholly laise. and
that he residod with his family m the same district
where he had registered to vote. The prisoner was
at once discharged. The fact whs u&certamed, iur-
thermorei that Johnson was arrested and put in jail
because lie had declared his intention to vote tor
Hoffman instead of Woodford, and that one ot Mar-
sh;)! Sharpe's negio deputies hud sold him out to
the Radical regulators, cheating hnn out of ms lirsU
honest Beinociaiio vote, besides inflicting: upon him
nearly a wcek'stmprisomneni. Johnson is a practic-
ing physician, besides boing a ioc.il [trencher, tie
"VVi's formerly a slave under a distinguished phj sician
of Louisville, Ken'ucky, who treated him with great
consideration, and from whom ho got his ideas about
medicine, lie titst lived in this city at 5-1 Ihoinpsou
street, and last year moved to 3ij3 lhootne street,
from which place he registered to vote. He evinced
but little feeling on account of the persecution he
had suffered, but considered the matter philosophic-
ally. Alter he had Ireed Imnsell from tho meshes
of llaaical law and got outside of tho Federal in-
auisition ho was arrested by several black Radicals,
who sneeringly asked him if he had been converted
to Republicanism during the time he had been
allowed for (juiet reflection in prison, lie answered
them by saying he should never vote for the Repub-
licans, and added that his persecutors "would all be
punished by de Lord, who hays 'vengeance is mine.' "
Another prisoner disclin^oed.—John Garry, arrested
on tho charge of registering illegally in the second
district of the eighth w.ud, was taken before Com-
missioner Davenport, who held him for examination.
One mo)c victim.—On Tuesday lust Mr. l>e Btisch
Argela, a native of Cuba, but a naturalized citizen
Of the United States, essayed to vote in tho district,
in which ho resides in Riookiyn, bub his vote was
challenged by a deputy marshal named Costigan.
Argela, to set) le the matter, took the required oath,
deposited his ballot, and won t on his way, supposing
tho affair settled. Yesterday he was visited at his
store in Peail street by an oUieer, who arrested him
for illegal votingon tho ehai go of Costigan. On going
before the commissioner in Brooklyn no complainant
appeared, aud Mr. Argela was remauded on his own
recognizances.
Claim of Mciiamihau.
SPKECII OF HON. 0. A. ULDEIDGE,
of wisconsin',
Jw THE IIol'KK (JF llKl'KKSGNTATn'liS,
February IS, 1871.
The House having under consideration the report
of tho Committee ou the Judiciary on tho memo-
rial of William JUcG.irrahan—
Mr. ELDlUDUli, said :
Mr. Speaker: It lias been my good or ill
fortune to have known and heard a good deal
of this McGarraban case. 1 was on the Judi-
ciary Committee of the last Congress and was
present at nearly all of its meetings when this
subject was under consideration. 1 went into
the investigation of this case with strong pre-
judices against the claim, not because I knew
anything of the case, but because I had in
somo way acquired a feeling of hostility to
these large California claims. But I was, after
the most exhaustive examination, forced to the
conclusions which the committee unanimously
came to in the last Congress against my O'.wi
earlier predilection, that McGarrahan was en-
titled in truth and honesty to the Panoche
Grande property.
This matter comes here at this Congress, and
is before this House, upon the same petition
of Mr. McGarraban for relief, asking that lie
may have the rights which he claims in his
petition confirmed to htm by Congress. Now
what are those rights? It is given to men to
differ, and I differ almost, altogether on this
question from my friend who has just addressed
the House, [Mr. Peters.] He thought the
history of this claim its own refutation. It
seems to me that no man who will take the pains
to read carefully and patiently the history and
proceedings, from the filing of I he application
of Gomez before the land commissioners of
California up to the present time, I say that
no man who will do this can rise from that
reading without a thorough, honest conviction
that McGarrahan's claim is right, that it is
just, and that this Congress ought to do for
him what he asks; that is, confirm the title in
him to the full extent of his claim. In this
I would go further than the resolution of the
minority proposes to go. I believe bis claim
to be honest and just in every particular; and
I say here and now that there is not one part-
icle of evidence before the committee impugn-
ing his character or tending to show that he is
pot an honest, upright man.
Now, what is this case? It is only an ordin-
ary case—an ordinary case for California, as
I understand ; as it was presented originally, a
very common affair there. One Gomez, a
Mexican, claimed to have been in the service
of the Mexican Government, to have rendered
it essential service, and to have received a
grant of this Panoche Grande raneho, as it is
called, from the Governor of California. The
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo _ required the
United States to "respect inviolably" Mex-
ican claims and Mexican property, the same
as they would the claims and property of their
own citizens. In order that this treaty might
be carried out, Congress provided for a com-
mission to investigate and adjudicate these
claims. This commission, as I understand, was
composed of men of talent and of high legal
learning, understanding not only our language
but the Spanish language, required to do so by
the terms of the aw, and appointed under that
act with reference to their special learning and
knowledge of the languages necessary to be
understood in order to a thorough, complete,
and honest investigation of the case. Gomez
filed his claim before them on the 9th of Feb-
ruary, 1853. I want to say here, Mr. Speaker,
that the only court, the only tribunal that has
ever had legally any jurisdiction to investigate
the facts of this case, the only one that ever
did investigate the facts, was that land commis-
sion of California. Here and here alone was the
case made, here were the facts presented, and
it was upon the showing, upon the case made,
upon the evidence given before those commis-
sioners, that the merits of the case were pre-
sented, adjudicated, and determined. The
Supreme Court has never had jurisdiction of
the merits of this case ; the facts have never
been legitimately belore that- court. If gen-
tlemen will take the pains to read the case
carefully and without prejudice they will see
that the only court that has had any jurisdic-
tion of the merits of the case is this board of
commissioners.
Now, what was done there? The petition
was presented. A hearing and trial were had.
The witnesses were produced. They were
examined. The proofs were all made before
these commissioners and they determined the
case. They found the facts; they rendered a
verdict, a special verdict in the case, like the
verdict of a jury. No other court ever exam-
ined any witnesses upon it. No exceptions
were taken to this finding of the commission-
ers, except only to their legal determination
that Gomez should, in order to the validity of
his grant, have proved actual' occupation of
the land claimed. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Peters] soys that they rejected the claim.
So they did in terms reject it, but let me call
the attention of the House to the manner in
which they rejected it. Let us see what they
did, for here and upon their finding of the
facts I rest McGarrahan's entire claim. If,
under the law, on the facts as found by these
commissioners, he is not entitled, then, I grant
you, he has no right, he has no valid claim On
the other hand, if these commissioners have
found facts which, uuder the law, entitle him
to his claim, he ought to have it confirmed to
him by this Coiigre&s, whatever may have W en
the adverse decisions of other courts not
authorized to investigate or not investigating
the facts of the case.
I will read the decision and finding of the
commissioners:
"The petitioner in this case states in Ills petition
that ho had a grant for the above-mentioned place,
issued in the year 1844, by Governor Micheltorena.
and that the grant was among the archives ot tho
State in Monterey, at tho time that the archives
fell into the hands of the Americans, m July, 1840,
and that it was either lost or destroyed, lie has
also given satisfactory proof of tho existence and loss
of the grant."
That is the conclusion of the commission,
the only jurisdiction having a right to decide
upon the facts, the only tribunal that ever did
or ever attempted to hear the proofs, the only
one that ever had any opportunity to see the
witnesses, hear the testimony, and judge ot
the facts.
" lie has also given satisfactory proof of tho exist-
ence and loss of the grant, but has failed entirely to
offer any proof whatever going to show that he ever
occupied, improved, or cultivated any part of the
land, or that any one ever did for him, or that he
ever saw the land. We are, therefore, of the opin-
ion that the claim is invalid, and a decree rejecting
the same will be entered."
Here is the whole case, summed up and pre-
sented in a single sentence. There was no
doubt in the minds of the commissioners, no
hesitalion in their finding. There was no
prejudice against the United States; none in
favor of Gomez, because, notwithstanding they
find the existence and loss of the grant, they
reject his claim. If there had appeared false
swearing, perjury, or fraud in the proofs re-
lating to the existence and loss of the grant,
the commissioners surely would have found
that fact. It was to do no one any good,
because they reject the claim. What was the
reason? He had made proof of the grant and
of its loss, but he had failed to prove posses-
sion by occupation, or that he had ever seen
the land, and therefore his claim was rejected.
Let it be remembered this case was decided
by these commissioners before the Fremont
case had been decided in the Supreme Court.
The Fremont case went to the Supreme Court,
and the court held that it was not necessary to
prove occupation, or that the party ever saw
the land. That being so, and the facts having
bfeen found by these commissioners, it was
apparent to every one Gomez had established
a perfect title, for the only objection to his
title before the land commissioners was that he
had not proved that he had ever occupied the
land. He had proved the grant, and its loss,
and his claim was rejected solely ou the ground
that he had not proved actual occupation or
possession. Thus the case stood before the
commissioners. Now, by the statute creating
the commissioners they were required to make
two certified copies of the record of all cast-s
and proceedings before them, and to send one
of those copies to the district court having
jurisdiction of the territory within which the
laud lay. They did so in this case, and that
was of itself an appeal. The gentleman, as 1
understand him, denies there was an appeal.
The statute made the certification of the, rec-
ord to the district court ipso facto an appeal.
All that was required was that the party desir-
ing to prosecute the appeal should, after the
record was brought into court, give notice
within six months to the other party that he
intended to prosecute the appeal.
That was the requirement of the law. And
thus this case went to the southern district
court of California. Gomez gave the notice
of intention to prosecute the appeal. In the
mean time, and before the hearing of the case
in the district court, the Fremont case had
been decided, the court holding that actual
posnessiun or occupalion was not necessary ;
and upon the record as it stood, and in accord-
ance with the facts found by the commission,
the district court reversed so much of the de-
cision of the commissioners as held that occu-
pation was necessary, and ratified and con-
