1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1569
them by Congress last year, immediately after
the treaties were entered into, or after their
wants had been estimated for folly. We hare
reduced the amount that was claimed for these
Indians by a very considerable sum. The
amount claimed for them is very large. It
amounts in the aggregate to nearly two million
•dollars. This is the large item in the bill. I
consider them together, because I suppose the
consideration of one involves the consideration
of the others. I refer to the items of appro-
priation under'this head of Sioux Indians and
other tribes. If we afford them, after they
have had one year's experience and aa oppor-
tunity to become in a degree settled, the same
aid that was afforded them last year, I believe
it will be sufficient for their necessities; but
should it not be, should there be any necessity
for- any farther appropriation for them, and
that can be shown, I have no doubt Congress
will without hesitancy provide in a deficiency
bill for any additional sum that may be needed.
There is a request now for a deficiency, I
think, for these same Indians ; and inasmuch
as it has been made to appear to the Depart-
ment, and by the Department to the committees
of the two Houses, that it is necessary for the
comfort, convenience, and life, perhaps, of
these Indians that further assistance should
be afforded them. I think there will be no
hesitancy—certainly there is not on the part
of the committees—in making np that defi-
ciency. Now, instead of raising the amount
of the appropriation of last year by hundreds
of thousands of dollars, I for one would much
rather—and in this the Committee on Appro-
priations agree—leave it to be met, if it should
become necessary, in the form of a deficiency;
bat I do not expect that there will be any defi-
ciency at all, because these Indians have
become located, and they are now in a position
to do something for themselves. They have
been gathered together to a very considerable
extent, and they are now at last entering upon
a life which will render them, we hope, event-
ually,, independent of the white race. I hope,
therefore, that the Senate will adhere to the
amount estimated last year and to the amount
recommended by the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. HARLAN. It is very fresh in the
memory, no doubt, of every member of this
body that we expended very many millions
of money in lighting these Sioux a very few
years ago. Those of us who live in the neigh-
borhood of their country remember the num-
ber of troops under General Sully during the
closing period of the war and subsequent
thereto. We all know that he had under his
Command from four to six thousand troops
continuously fora period something like two or
three years, and everybody who has examined
the statement of disbursements knows that it
costs ncft'less than a million and a half a year
for each regiment, Everybody ought to re-
member that Congress passed a law sending
ontacommission, composed of military gentle-
men1 as well as civilians, to see these Indians,
and consult with them, and to ascertain from
them what their causes of complaint were, and
whether they would be willing to give up the
war and settle down and lead peaceable lives.
On this commission, it will b(} remembered,
will be found the names of the leading f gen-
erals of the armies of the United States. They
Saw the Indians; they had interviews with
them; and they came to a conclusion, and wrote
ft down in the form of a treaty, which has been
ratified by the Senate of the United States, and
is now, according to the Supreme Court of the
United States, the supreme law of the land,
under which we agreed to furnish to every
Indian who will settle down on this reserva-
tion so much clothing and so much food per
year. The Department estimate the number
of Indians that they have there now and
believe they will have there during the com-
ing fiscal year, and they believe they cannot
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 99.
get along with less money than that which
has been proposed by the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Now, on what new facts is the Senate re-
quested to diminish that appropriation? I
submit with great respect to every member of
the body that not one new fact has been pre-
sented. The head of the Indian department
says he will have during the coming year from
five to ten thousand more Indians than were
there last year, and he makes his estimate
accordingly. The House of Representatives
proposed to appropriate the money according
to the estimates, and our Committee on Ap-
propriations proposes to reduce it, as it seems
to me, without a shadow of a reason. We are
told that among these Indians who are to be
congregated during the coming year will be
Red Cloud and his band, who have been in the
condition of quasi war ever since the suspen-
sion of the campaign of General Sully. We
appropriated last year $50,000 in order to en-
able Red Cloud to see his Great Father here
in the city of Washington and to convince him-
self that the further prosecution of the war on
his part could not be successful. He has be-
come satisfied of that, and now says he is will-
ing to settle down with his people and attempt
to make a living by agriculture. Now, itdoes
seem to me that it is absurd for the Committee
on Appropriations to insist on reducing this
amount below the estimates. It presents itself
to my mind as a very foolish kind of policy,
and I hope the Senate will not agree to the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, on the motion
of the Committee on Appropriations.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. COLE. I think the Senate did not
understand the form of the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, struck out
$59,000 and inserted $36,000, and the ques-
tion now is whether the Senate will concur in
that amendment. The Committee on Indian
Affairs recommend that the amount be restored
as it stood in the bill from the House.
Mr. COLE. Then voting "ay" reduces
the amount, I understand, to the amount
recommended by the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. And voting
"no" restores it.
■ Mr. HARLAN. And sustains the action of
the House.
The question being again put, there were
on a division—ayes 10, noes 24; no quorum
voting.
Mr. COLE. I think there is a quorum m
the Chamber.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will again put the question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Chair does not
know that there is not a quorum present, I
should like to say a word.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The last
vote having developed the want of a quorum,
nothing else is in order until the presence of a
quorum is ascertained.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays, and then, if they are ordered, I shall ask
a count of the Senate, so as to know whether
I can be heard.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is one of the most
important, in point of amount, of the amend-
ments under consideration to this bill, and it
is in connection, as Senators will see, with a
tribe of Indians with whom we have had a
great deal of difficulty. The Committee on
Appropriations have looked at the provisions
of these treaties, or so-called treaties, which-
ever these happen to be—I do not remember
at the moment—-and have endeavored to com-
pute the proper cost of carrying out the obliga-
tions whieh we are supposed to have assumed,
and in making that computation we have found
thatupon every principle of arithmetic and jus-
tice we could make this reduction. We were
satisfied that large percentages of these large
appropriations never went for the benefit of
the Indians at all, but were absorbed by con-
tractors making enormous profits, by common
carriers receiving enormous rates for the trans-
portation of goods, and all that sort of thing.
Therefore we have proposed to reduce these
appropriations for the objects, preserving
every one of the items, but only diminishing
the cost which they were to be to the Govern-
ment in the way stated in our amendments.
I submit to the Senate that it is right to try
that experiment. If on a conference with tho
House they should not agree to it, we shall
then be able, upon consultation in such a con-
ference, with the aid of our friends on the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, to come to some just
solution ; but if the Senate refuse to agree to
the amendments which we have proposed, in
these respects, then these appropriations stand
as a part of the bill which both Houses have
finally and positively and irrevocably agreed
upon, leaving us no power to diminish them at
all. If we are to introduce economy into the pub-
lic service, and are ever to cut down the enorm-
ous profits that are made out of the Indian con-
tracts for supplies and Indian transportation
service, now is the time to begin ; not in order
to deprive the Indian of a pound of flour, or
a pound of beef, to which he is entitled, but
in order to cut off the great percentages which
the go-betweens, so to speak, have achieved
hitherto. In that view, although my friends
of the Committee on Indian Affairs may think
that we have reduced too much, I hope the
Senate will agree to this amendment, in order
that the subject may be kept open for consult-
ation.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senate cannot know
that the Honse will not agree to the Senate
amendments and pass the bill, and the rules
of the Senate seem to imply that we shall not
take this into account in the consideration
of any proposition before the Senate. The
amendment must be decided, therefore, on its
own merits.
I regret that the honorable Senator from
Vermont was notin the Chamber when I made
an attempt to explain the necessity for sustain-
ing the bill as it came to the Senate from the
House. I will venture to repeat, however, that
we have information from the Department
that the number of Indians on the reservation
will be increased during the coming year from
five to ten thousand; that this increase will
include Red Cloud's band of Indians, the
worst, in one sense of the word, that has ever
lived on the plains, who have given the white
people at least the most trouble and cost the
Government the most money.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But if my friend will
pardon me, he cannot forget^ that in order to
provide for those contingencies of what may
happen we make very large contingent appro-
priations for the general purposes of the ser-
vice in another part of the bill, which can be
drawn upon for the time being; and if that
should fail, we can then pass, and it is likely
we ehall pass for any such good object, any
further appropriation that is necessary.
Mr. HARLAN. What part of the bill is
that general appropriation in ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is for all these Ter-
ritories, running through the bill from begin-
ning to end.
Mr. HARLAN. Let us see, then, the amount
for Dakota Territory, and see how iar it will
cover this margin of difference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is an appropria-
tion of $20,000 for Dakota.
Mr. HARLAN. Twenty thousand dollars,
and the reduction the committee proposes to
make under this head is three or four hundred
thousand dollars! The Senator proposes to
