1570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
cover that by drawing upon the appropriation
of $20,000 for general purposes in Dakota.
Mr. EDMUNDS. - No; I do not propose to
cover it; but to cover what may be necessary.
Mr. HARLAN. To'cover all that may be
necessary". That little analysis shows that the
honorable Senator has not looked as closely
into this bill as be usually does into subjects
that he attempts to discuss. > . .
Now, as to the cost of disbursing this money,
the honorable Senator thinks it cost too.much
last year. That may be. ;I shall not go into
that now. When the question shall be, if it
ever shouldbe, properlybefore the Senate, I
may concur with him in opinion, and I may
not. I shall consider the question, if it should
ever arise, on the facts as they may be found
to exist. If money has beem improperly ap-
propriated, I agree with him that we ought to
prevent it in the future if we can. But the
honorable Senator knows very well that the
agencies have all been changed during the
current year. Last year they were under the
military authorities; officers of the Army were
in <iharge of these Indians; and he ought to
know, what the most of us know, that the offi-
cers of the Army, although excellent, pure
men, as a general rule, never study economy
as closely as some other classes of men do.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to know from
the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs whether this appropriation is in pur-
suance of a treaty stipulation ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly it is in pursuance
of a treaty made with these Indians where
treaties exist with them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You do not mean that
these precise sums are provided for in a treaty?
Mr. HARLAN. No ; but I mean the pre-
cise sums are the result of estimates growing
out of the agreement to give so much clothing
and so much food per capita to these Indians.
Mr. FOWLER. I understand then that this
appropriation is precisely in accordance with
the terms of that treaty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not by any means.
Mr. HARLAN. As the honorable Senator
from Tennessee appealed to me, I will state it
as my opinion that the estimates are in pur-
suance of the treaty and in direct , accordance
with its provisions.
Mr. FOWLER. That was my understand-
ing, although I do not know much of this sub-
ject ; but i should like to know how it is that
there should be precisely sixty-six hundred and
sixty-six suits required for males over fourteen
years of age and precisely sixty-six hundred
and sixty-six suits for females over twelve years
of age; that is, sixty-six hundred and sixty-six
for boys and sixty-six hundred and sixty-six
for girls. Unless it were fixed precisely by
treaty, I do not see how the committee could
get at those sums exactly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He does not claim that
those sums are fixed by treaty.
Mr. HARLAN. The number of males and
females and the number of children, I think,
are not named in the treaty. They are arrived
at by a count, by counting those who are on
the reservation; and they may vary; the num-
bers may not be exact. There may be more,
and probably will be more, than have been
numbered as coming in under that provision
of the treaty. They might fall short slightly;
but it is as near accurate as can be ascertained
by a count of the Indians, by taking a census.
The honorable Senator from Tennessee knows
how very difficult it is to make an accurate
count of Indians.
Mr. COLE. That tliere could have been no
actual count, no census proper of these In-
dians, is very evident from the language of the
clause to which the Senator from Tennessee
has alluded. He will find that the number of
boys under fourteen years of age is estimated
in the bill at sixty-six hundced and sixty-six,
and the number, of girls under twelve years of
age at precisely the same number, sixty-six
hundred and sixty-six. This of itself is suffi-
cient evidence that it is a mere guess or esti-
mate without any definite taking of a census
or any count.
Mr.; HARLAN. The honorable Senator
cannot tell to-day how many Indians are in
California, nor do I believe he can state the
aamber in any one tribe that equals a thou-
sand; but he can come very near it; he can
come within a few of the exact number; but
to come at the exact number of the Indians
members of a tribe on a given day is a very
difficult thing, as everybody knows who is
conversant with the subject.
Mr. COLE. I can give the number of In-
dians in California, I think, exactly. It is
25,962, unless some have died since the census
was taken.
Mr. HARLAN. That is according to the
count; but how are they counted? How do
you fiud them to count them ? I do not wish
to expose the honorable Senator's want of
information if he is really serious. He knows
that an accurate count cannot be made of a
wild band of Indians; but he knows, on the
other hand, that you can arrive pretty nearly
at the number by an effort at a count.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, this is
certainly a very knotty subject. My friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
says you cannot count.a wild band of Indians.
If you can count one wild Indian, you ought
to be able to count two just as easy as yon
can count one, if your power of enumeration
goes on.
Mr. HARLAN. And so on up to a hundred
thousand if they wilt all stay in the same dace.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If they would all stay in
the same place and not be counted twice. The
only danger is, and that is what I am coming
to, that you count Indians a great deal as you
do (if my friends on the other side will permit
me to say so) Democrats on election day: you
count the same man three or four times over-
[Laughter.] There is the trouble. I will say
Republicans, in order to take the sting out of
the remark entirely—as you count Republicans
on election day.
Now, the House bill provides that we shall
furnish clothing for sixty-six hundred and sixty-
six males over fourteen years of age. That
requires the Indian department to go and buy
sixty-six hundred and sixty-six suits, even if
there are not more than three thousand boys
over fourteen years of age who can be found
to wear them, and your public money is spent
and your clothes are gone. The Committee
on Appropriations propose to strike out these
merely ideal and arbitrary numbers, and pro-
vide 
Mr. HARLAN. We are not resisting that
at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand that per-
fectly, and my friend un'derstands it, too; and
provide for' a gross sum of money to carry out
the provisions of this treaty, which require us
to provide clothing for such boys as can be
found over fourteen years of age. We have
made, from the best information we can get, a
calculation which satisfies us that $36,000,
(alluding now to that particular appropriation
on page 54,) is enough for the purpose. Sup-
pose it turns out that it is not enough, then
you only have a deficiency; that is all. If it
turns out that it is too much,, it is then just
like every other case of an appropriation of
money where we appropriate more than is
needed; in some way or other it is used np and
expended and gone. It is vastly better for the
public service that there should be a deficiency
than that there should be a surplus in these
appropriations.
Now, let me say to my friend from Iowa
that I hope he will not misunderstand me. I
think the Committee on Appropriations are
as earnest in their friendship for this present
method of managing Indian affairs as he and
his committee are; that we are as friendly to
the beneficent purposes and designs the Presi-
dent of the United States entertains and has
entered upon as that committee is, or as any-
body can be; and we are desirous to carry
them out to the fullest extent, in order to do
justice to that race and to provide for them
and to civilize them ; but we do say that the
great difficulty in the management of Indian
affairs hitherto has been, until within a year or
two, that for every ten dollars we have appro-
priated to benefit that race no one of the race
has received more than one dollar of it. There
is the trouble.
Mr. WILSON. One dollar out of ten !
Mr. EDMUNDS. One dollar out of ten.
The white men, the contractors, the hangers-
on, the transporters, all that great army of
thieves, if they may be so called, all that great
army of men who sap the public appropria-
tions, stand between us and the objects of
our bounty and care and generosity, and take
it up. Now, sir, if we can diminish these
appropriations under the present management
to a conservative point, ana let the men en-
gaged in it thus get rid of these middle-men,
and apply the money directly to the purpose,
we shall have achieved a great public good.
If it turns out that we have appropriated too
little, as I have said, we can readily correct
the error.
Mr. HARLAN. I cannot agree with the
honorable Senator in the propriety of the pol-
icy he suggests as to the expenditure of
money. He directly invites the Indian depart-
ment to make purchases in excess of appro-
priations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg your pardon.
Mr. HARLAN. He says if this should not
turn out to be enough we can appropriate for
the deficiency. What will the Indians do in
the mean time? -Starve to death, unless you go
on credit and buy in excess of the appropri-
ation, which is prohibited, by implication at
least, by existing statutes; and the Senator
knows very well that it is contrary to the policy
of this Administration, contrary to the policy
of the Indian department to expend one dollar
in excess of the appropriations unless under
the most pressing necessity. Is it wise for
Congress deliberately to appropriate less than
is known to be necessary, and in the argument
in favor of that reduction below the estimates
and below what the House is willing to grant,
to invite the department to go on credit and
purchase beyond the amount appropriated?
All that the honorable Senator says in rela-
tion to tho improper disbursement of money
I concur in if the facts exist. If anybody has
spent nine dollars for himself in applying one
dollar to an Indian the evil ought to be
corrected. I do not know that such extrava-
gance has ever occurred; I do not believe it
has ever occurred. But that extravagances
have to a considerable degree occurred we
all know; and I will go as far as the Senator
will for the purpose of correcting them in the
future. I believe that we have taken a step in
the right direction for the prevention of the
dishonest disbursements of Indian appropria-
tions in the change of policy we have adopted
and putting the disbursements practically into
the hands of the missionary societies of the
country. Now, at the time you are changing
this policy, the honorable Senator and his
committee, if they are to be sustained, will
take away a part of the money which is neces-
sary to make it effective.
I listened with great patience, and yielded
in some cases to the weight of the argument
of the honorable Senator when I asked for
increased appropriations. He said "these
Christian gentlemen come forward to change
our policy and give us an honest administra-
tion of Indian affairs, and they are not warm
in their seats until their friends ask that their
salaries shall be increased; let them get along
as others did on the old salaries, and let us
see how they come out, and see if they change
