1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1571
the policy;" and the Senate sustained that
argument; but before we have closed action
on the bill the Senator reverses his argument,
find proposes, now that we are about to change
this policy and secure the application of every
dollar appropriated to the object intended, to
take away a part of that which is supposed to
be necessary to achieve the result.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President I 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must remind the Senatorfrom Vermont that by
the fourth rule no Senator is allowed to speak
more than twice in any one debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair might have
reminded my friend from Iowa as well. I ask
unanimous consent to speak for two minutes
in reply to my friend from Iowa.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor will proceed, no objection being interposed.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall object unless the
permission is coupled with a right to reply.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then 1 ask the Chair
henceforth to enforce the rule in the beginning
of a discussion. instead of at the end of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will endeavor to do so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Iowa has
spoken three times on this very subject since
I came into the Chamber, and I do not know
how many times before.
Mr. HARLAN. I am to some extent in
charge of the business of the Committee on
Indian Affairs; which is my apology.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My apology is that I, as
a member of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, have charge of this bill. However, the
honorable Senator objects, and we will try the
question upon the amendment on the honor-
able Senator's speech.
• Mr. HARLAN. I did not object except
conditionally, that if the Senator was per-
mitted to speak two minutes longer I should
have two minutes to reply.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That raises the question
as to whether the Committee on Appropria-
tions, in eharge of this bill, are entitled to close
debate on any one point; and upon every rule
that has hitherto been understood, we are.
Mr. HARLAN. We have no such rule in
the Senate allowing anybody to close debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; we have no rule ;
but we have a certain sense of decency, which
my friend from Iowa cannot have forgotten,
because he is the impersonation of it, which
generally allows the committee in charge of a
bill of this kind to have the proper opportun-
ity of replying to observations that are made
in support of amendments, after they have
considered a bill.
Now, Mr. President, after what has been
stated, I decline to occupy the attention of
the Senate for a single moment. I leave the
Senate to act on the speech of my honorable
friend, misrepresenting what I have said alto-
gether.
Mr. HARLAN. I have only to saj  that,
according to my apprehension, the Senator is
in great error when he says I misrepresented
anything. I did not intend to misrepresent
anything.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We must have the rule
enforced, Mr. President.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in this amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 24 ; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Boroman, Ci-''.'r'y, Cole,
Edmunds, 1'otvler, Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston,
McCreery.Osborn, Pratt. Sawyer, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, and Warner—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Chandler, Corbett,
Davis, i'lanajtan, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Har-
lan, Howard, Howell, Kellorc. McDonald.Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Itevels. lliee, Ross. Tipton, Trumbull, Vick-
ers, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—*4.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayavd.Blair,
Browulow, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Conkling,
Craffin, Fenton, Feriy, Gilbert, Harris, Hill, Howe,
Lewis. Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Nye. Patterson, Pool, Robertson, Sanlsbnry,
Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Stearns, Stockton, Sumner,
ibayer, and Thurman—33.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment will be read.
The Chief Ci.eiik. The Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, struck out "$236,000"
and inserted " $186,000" as the appropriation
for second of thirty installments to purchase
articles for the "Sioux of different tribes."
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
will let this go as the other did ; the principle
applies to all precisely alike.
Mr. COLE. A proposition in favor of econ-
omy does not seem to meet with any encour-
agement in this body, on this bill at all events;
and therefore I will not enter upon any discus-
sion of this amendment after the discussion
that has already been had. I hope, however,
the Senate will realize that they are adding to
the amounts appropriated for these Indians
last year the sum of $401,200.
Mr. HARLAN. I understood the honorable
Senator to give up these parallel amendments
running through the whole bill.
Mr. COLE. I should like to have a vote
upon them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in this amendment, made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the next amend-
mentis reported I desire to state that last night,
in a little debate with my friend from Ore-
gon, [Mr. Corbett,] I made the remark that
I thought well of the new Indian policy until
the managers of it commenced to raise the
pay of the Indian agents and to seek pay for
themselves. These gentlemen, who are very
intelligent and worthy gentlemen, think that
in that I am misinformed. The proposition
to raise the salaries of the agents was pro-
posed before they undertook the management
of Indian affairs, and they have never sought
for pay for themselves. I was misled by a
proposition of the Senatorfrom Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson] to appoint inspectors at a high
salary, who would be paid. I certainly do not
wish to do these gentlemen injustice by charg-
ing them with now seeking pay when they were
appointed upon the promise that they would
not seek any pay from the Government. I
desire to make this correction in justice to
them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment will now be reported.
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
whether or not the same commission has not
recommended these large appropriations for
the tribes with which we have treaties in addi-
tion to the amounts provided in the treaties.
Mr. HARLAN. In a few eases they have
recommended an increase of appropriations
above what is provided for in the treaties. In
their judgment the Department has concurred
in some cases, and I think in a majority of
them, and in some they have not. The com-
mittee, however, I ought to say here in justice
to my associates, have only recommended an
increase in three or four cases.
Mr. COLE. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that their serving with-
out pay is not a matter of economy to the Gov-
ernment, but the reverse by a very large sum
of money.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The-next
amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. On page 55, line thirteen
hundred and twenty-six, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, struck out "$1,314,000"
and inserted "$985,500." The Committee on
Indian Affairs propose to amend line thirteen
hundred and twenty-five by inserting after
" 18G8" the words " for subsistenceofYankton
Sioux," and to restore the sum as the text of
the bill came from the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is a proposition to
add to the appropriation $300,000, and I think
we ought to have an explanation.
Mr. HARLAN. No, sir, it is as the clause
came from the House, and is a part of the
very question we have been debating. It is
distributed in several items in the bill. It is
the same thing precisely that has been debated,
with the understanding that a test-vote should
be taken by yeas and nays; and it has been
taken.
Mr. FOWLER. Is that the amount required
by the treaty?
Mr. HARLAN. It is the amount required
by the treaty according to the estimates of the
Department, and it comes in the bill from the
House of Representatives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are
two propositions, and the Chair will put the
question separately, because in a contingency
they may be in conflict. The first is to insert
the words "and for subsistence of Yankton
Sioux." If there be no objection this amend-
ment will be regarded as agreed to. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
to this clause, made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask what
the cost of beef and flour is at the points where
these articles are to be supplied? The chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs is
aware of the cost of a pound of beef or a bar-
rel of flour at these points, I suppose ?
Mr. HARLAN. I cannot tell the honor-
able Senator from South Carolina; but he
knows that these contracts, unless there is an
emergency preventing it, are made after adver-
tisement, with the lowest bidder, just as pur-
chases are made for the supply of the Army.
Mr. SAWYER. I notice that the estimate
was, for seven million three hundred thousand
pounds of beef and the same quantity of flour
for twenty thousand persons, $1,314,000, which
is $328,500 more than the appropriation of
last year.
Mr. HARLAN. During the honorable Sen-
ator's temporary absence from the Senate I
explained that Red Cloud and his band of
Indians and other Sioux will be down on this
reservation according to an agreement that was
entered into by the Indian department last
summer. Those Indians heretofore have been
wandering.
Mr. CASSERLY. We have just voted upon
two amendments which increased the amount
reported by the Committee on Appropriations
$73,000. We now come to the third of these
amendments, and this one increases the
amount reported from the Committee on Ap-
propriations $329,000, making an increase on
these three appropriations against the report
of the Appropriation Committee of the Senate
of $410,000. I have not heard any reason
given for so large an increase upon either of
the two preceding appropriations, and I have
heard nothing at all said as to the large increase
proposed by the present amendment. That
increase, as I said, is $329,000 in round fig-
ures. I presume the Committee on Appro-
priations of this House regarded the sum pro-
posed as entirely sufficient. It is nearly one
million dollars. There should certainly be
some very sufficient explanation from some
quarter for our adding to that apparently very
liberal appropriation nearly $330,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. On page 55, line thir-
teen hundred and thirty-seven, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, struck out " sev-
enty-five" and inserted "forty," making the
appropriation "for insurance, transportation,
