138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
Ho. of Eefs.
liepeal of Income Tax—Mr. Stiles,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
I have not said that this patent of McGar-
rahan's was fraudulent. I said I thought the
judgment was obtained without right; not such
title as cannot stand in a court. But there is
no evidence that there was any fraud or col-
lusion or wrong in obtaining this patent. No
man has ever said there was any fraud or
wrong or collusion in obtaining the patent.
Mr. JENCKIfiS. Could he have obtained
this patent if he had not produced the judg-
ment of the court?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly
not; and that will all be considered by the
President. Some men are afraid to put re-
sponsibility upon the President. I am not
afraid to put responsibility wherever it belongs.
This responsibility in regard to this land be-
longs to the President of "the United States. I
will agree with the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Hotcbkiss,] that he will take very good
care of it and do what he ought to do with it.
He has shown a firmness and determination
about this, and I believe that he will put it in
the course to be settled by the courts. There
are millions of dollars' worth of property at
stake in this matter. We arc called upon to
act legislatively. I do not want to act legisla-
tively, except that I do not desire that while a
man is before one of the committees of this
House trying to make good a claim which he
Bays he has, the record of that claim in one of
the Departments of the Government shall be
mutilated behind his back. Sir, we ought to
put him exactly where he stood when he came
before this House, and then let the President
of the United States or the courts deal with
his case. This is not in itself a novel proposi-
tion. There are on every page of your statutes
about lands provisions that the President of
t.li§ United States shall determine all questions
ill regard to them. Let him do so in this ease.
Now, gentlemen of the House, I have said
about all I care to say on this subject. I think,
in the first place, that McGarrahan should be
put back, as regards the record, just where we
found him. And then T think it is the duty of
the President of the United States to take up
this case just where the former President of the
United States laid it down, and dispose of it
according to his judgment, after hearing the
whole matter. I think that judgment will be
to put this whole land into the Treasury of the
United States after it has been sold. Let
nobody be afraid that any of the settlers on
that land will be injured while you have gen-
tlemen here who can be heard 111 their behalf.
My friend from Connecticut, [Mr. Kellogg,]
who grew so earnest in discussing this ques-
tion, said that the land was so poor that one
of the evidences of fraud 011 the part of Mc-
Garrahan was that he made claims for such
land for agricultural purposes. The gentle-
man from California [Mr. Sargent] insists
that we must not sell the land because we
shall thereby disturb all the settlers upon it in
their little villages, which we are to suppose
have been built upon this land three thousand
feet up in the clouds. I always find that when
a great company want to get anything, they
tell you what will happen to widows and or-
phans and poor settlers and little villages, if
the measure in which they are interested be
not adopted. Now, sir, nobody had any right
to preempt any portion of this land. If there
was anything known in California at that time,
it certainly was known that there was a dispute
going on in reference to this land ; and, except
the quicksilver mines, the whole of it is not
worth five minutes' talk. Why, sir, the United
States have spent more than a quarter of a
million dollars in fighting McGarrahan's claim
to this land ; yet it is now proposed to give it
to the New Idria Mining Company, although
it is worth millions. This is till tiieie is in the
question.
Repeal of Income Tax.
SPEECH OF HON. J. D. STILES,
OP PENNSYLVANIA,
Is the House of Representatives,
February 14, 1871.
The House bavins, under previous order, mot as in
Committee of the Whole for debate—
Mr. STILES said :
Mr. Speaker: The whole system of inter-
nal taxation has been unpopular from the
fact that it has been grossly unequal, and I
fully indorse what has just been said by my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,] that the New
England States, by escaping taxation on their
manufactures, really pay little, very little, of
the taxes of ti^e country. While it is not my
purpose to enter into an elaborate discussion
as to taxation generally, as I have the report
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
before me, it may be as well for the people to
know how we in Pennsylvania are taxed, and
how New England glides along without feeling
the burdens that now greatly press upon the
other States of the Union. It would be inter-
esting to go over all the States and show the
astonishing disparity in the burdens of taxation.
The New England States, six in number,
with twenty-seven members of this House and
twelve Senators, pay less taxes from all
sources than the State of Pennsylvania.
The report for the fiscal year ending June
80, 1870, shows that Pennsylvania, compara-
tively an agricultural State, with twenty-four
Members and two Senators, paid in round
numbers $10,750,000, while the States of Con-
necticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hamp-
shire, Rhode Island, and Vermont paid alto-
gether but §16,322,000.
Let us look at this report a little further.
In 18G8 the amount of revenue collected
from Pennsylvania was, in round numbers,
$18,000,000," in 1809 $15,008,000, and in 1870
nearly $18,000,000 ; in Massachusetts in 1868
$17,000,000, in 1869 $9,000,000 and in 1870
$10,000,000. While the taxes in Pennsyl-
vania decreased very little Massachusetts has
a decrease of $7,000,000.
But take another instance of the inequality.
The State of Vermont has three members of
this House and two Senators; Pennsylvania
has twenty-four members and two Senators.
My congressional district, the sixth district of
Pennsylvania, pays more taxes under your
internal revenue system than the whole State
of Vermont. I will take the last two years.
Vermont paid in—
1SG9  1318.672 56
1870  352.316 60
Total  $070,989 21
Sixth district, Pennsylvania, (Lehigh and
Montgomery counties,) paid in—
186 9  #396,9.42 21
187 0  427,970 11
Total  $821,912 35
Thus showing my congressional-district pays
$153,023 14 in two years more than the whole
State of Vermont. New England is certainly
the most favored spot in all the land, and she
ought to thank the State of Pennsylvania for
paying her taxes.
Now take the receipts for individual income,
1 mean the five per cent, exceeding $1,000.
The whole State of Vermont paid in 1870
$59,091 51, and my congressional district
(Lehigh and Montgomery counties,) paid
$92,877 10. My district pays $33,785 59 more
than the entire State of Vermont, yet "Ver-
mont has three members and two Senators in
Congress, while my district has but a single
member, of course. New England is loyal,
very loyal. What a harvest she reaps for being
loyal! She should thank the Radicals of Penn-
sylvania for sending Representatives to this
House who vote for her interests and against
the interests of our own State, because my
Radical colleagues are all submissive to the
dictation and will of New England.
In a report furnished by the Third Auditor
of the Treasury for 1868, showing the amounts
claimed and the amounts drawn from the Treas-
sury for war expenses during the, rebellion by
the following States, I find the following :
Stated. Amount claimed. Amount allowed.
Massachusetts 43.535,264; $3,487,803
New York  3,232,325 2.3:,0.192
Pennsylvania  2.118.419 2,094 879
Ohio  2,778,376 2,576,620
Then comes tiie statement of the number of
troops, as furnished by the Adjutant General:
Regiment* Independent
and battalions. companies.
Massachusetts  78 57
New York  275 33
Pennsylvania    258 tit
Ohio  240 38
Massachusetts furnished one hundred and
ninety regiments less than Pennsylvania; she
drew from the Treasury $1,392,984 more than
Pennsylvania; and so as to the other States.
Sir, 1 cannot continue this thing further,
although there are in these reports, and 111 the
other official repoits, such startling tacts as
to the inequality of our whole system of taxa-
tion as to make us wonder why our people
submit to such wrongs. My attention has
been diverted from the subject I desire to dis-
cuss briefly by the debate to which I have just
listened. I intended to speak upon the sub-
ject of the repeal of the income tax, a subject
now engrossing ttie attention of the people and
of this House.
Mr. Speaker, the most difficult, perplexing,
and unpopular of all the legislation which we
are called to act upon is the adjustment of
systems of taxation. If we must place upon
our constituents burdensome taxes, where
shall they be placed, upon whom, upon which
of the industries of the country ? These are
grave questions. While I am opposed to the
whole of the present system of taxation, be-
cause of its glaring inequality, because of the
mode in which it is collected, and because it
discriminates unjustly, 1 am yet more zealous,
more determined in my opposition to what is
known as the income tax than to any other
form in which these burdens are distributed.
I had the honor to submit a few thoughts upon
this subject at the last session, and I stated
then, as now, that I voted against the first tax
bill that became a law, and I never will vote
for_ any law in which is included this inquisi-
torial, unjust law.
I11 the beginning, in the organic law, as if
anticipating popular opinion against this meas-
ure, Congress made a solemn pledge to the
people that this income should die a natural
death in the year 1870. Governments ought
to be just, it their subjects and citizens are not.
But here the Government, is unjust, while with
the citizen,who has complied with all you asked
ol him, you are breaking your covenants.
You reenacted the law last July. It is rea-
sonable to believe that so long as Radical rule
controls we must bear these outrages. Sir, I
cannot more strongly condemn this tax than
has the Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
and, in view of the great importance of this
subject, I shall ask to have read by the Clerk
the letter of General Pleasonton to the Ways
and Means Committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office of Internal Revenue,
t Januiuy 20,1871.
Sin: In view of the very general discussion by the
public at large oi the income tax, and of the intro-
duction in Congress of several mcusares looking to
its repeal, and nrcauuiing that the formal consider-
ation of the subject may shortly arise in your hon-
