746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
tlie officers of yonr Government. I think I
can feel them by my side, strengthening me
in these convictions. Why? Simply because
they do not execute the law. Why do not they
execute the law? Because they have doubts
in reference to it, and they dare not, in the
face of those doubts, take steps, to execute
the lave.
Mr. President, if a man is charged with
crime, and isbronght before the proper tribunal
for trial, when the testimony is finished and
the arguments are closed the judge turns to
the jury and charges the jury that if the evi-
dence is not sufficient to remove every doubt
from their minds in regard to the guilt of the
man charged with crime they are to give the
prisoner the benefit of the doubt. I claim that
while you would give the greatest scoundrel
that you could arraign in a court of justice the
benefit of the doubt, it is the duty of the Sen-
ate, when a question like this is before them,
when there is so touch doubt in regard to
the equity, justice, and constitutionality of this
act, when it bears so unjustly and so heavily
upon the people, to give the people the benefit
of that doubt. I certainly am disposed to do
it, and in doing it shall vote for the repeal of
this tax.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to detain the Senate long in the fur-
ther consideration of this bill; but I could not
allow the vote to be taken, in justice to myself
and my constituents, without at least protest-
ing against the further continuation of this
tax. The subject has been pretty freely dis-
cussed already, on behalf of the repeal by the
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] and
the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Bucking-
ham,] and in favor of the continuation of the
tax by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, [Mr. Sherman,] who discussed it
wiih some degree of fairness, I must concede,
but from a point of view that I apprehend will
not find the sympathy of most of those who
listened to him.
I think I have good ground to complain of
some one or two of the arguments brought
forward by my friend from Ohio. He stated
that "we are asked to repeal the only tax that
bears heavily upon each one of us." This is
using the argumentum ad hominem in such a
way as to leave us almost under restraint in
reference to the vote we shall give upon this
bill. That consideration, I apprehend, does
not weigh much with Senators. I presume
not one tenth of this body has ever thought of
its bearing upon themselves personally; but
even it' they were to take that vie^w of it and to
bo influenced by such a motive, it could have
but lit tie weight upon the members of this body,
because there are but few of them, I presume,
who are much burdened with this sort of tax.
You, sir, [Mr. Caiipenteii in the chair,] and
I, and I believe a very large majority of this
body, are not so fortunate as to have any con-
siderable income upon which to pay.
The income tax proper is collected a year
after the income has accrued to the party. In
the remarks which I shall offer I shall make
no strong objection to the continuation of the
tax on salaries or the tax upon corporations.
I t is, in my judgment, a valid and strong objec-
tion to the continuation of the income tax that
it is collected a year or more after the income
has accrued. It is not collected while the
means of paying it are coming to the parties
who have to pay it, but in many instances
after their sources of revenue have ceased, and
oftentimes, as was stated by my friend from
Connecticut, after the parties have ceased to
accumulate, when they were actually losing
property instead of acquiring an income.
1 he income tax was an outgrowth of the war.
It was imposed to meetan extraordinary emer-
gency, and was intended only as a measure of
temporary relief. By the terms of the law it
would have expired with the year 1870, and it
was unfortunate that Congress saw fit, when re-
modeling the revenue laws at the last session,
to extend it two years further. The argument
upon which this action was defended was that
the great reduction of other internal taxation
and the abatement of duties on imports ren-
dered a continuation of the income tax neces-
sary in order to avoid a deficiency in the national
Treasury. The reductions amounted altogether
to eighty-odd million dollars, and it was feared
that without this tax the Government might
not be able to meet, squarely all its current
and extraordinary obligations. It was true
the surplus had exceeded the reductions^ but
it was maintained that those things occurred
during years of prosperity, and the bare appre-
hension ofadversity, stimulated by an overscru-
pulous sense of national obligations, was the
pretext for imposing upon the people for a
couple ofy ears longer, though in a milderform,
this most objectionable tax. The committees
of the two Houses having this subject in charge
were apparently impressed with the opinion that
the bare probability, however remote, of a de-
ficiency, however small, would prove disas-
trous, to the last degree, to a national credit
which was, and still is, far from being estab-
lished, and which is probably more depressed
by excessive taxation than by the public debt
itself. But to palliate in some degree the
great wrong of its continuation, this tax was
reduced from five to two and a half per cent.,
and the exemption of incomes was extended
from $1,000 to $2,000. These modifications
so reduce the amount to be expected from this
source that it is hardly worth while to continue
this tax, and I hope to make it clear that it
should be at once abolished.
The bill introduced by myself at the com-
mencement of this session proposes to dispense
with the income tax proper, but not to inter-
fere with the collection of a tax of two and a
half per cent, upon the dividends of banks and
of those corporations enumerated in section
fifteen of the act of July 1-1, 1870. The taxes
upon banks and corporations are provided for
in separate sections from those which provide
for the tax upon incomes proper, and the latter
may be repealed without touching the former.
This tax upon dividends, it will be remem-
bered, is only to "fee levied and collected for
and during the year 1871 ;" and as the same
is the subjeet of judicial investigation, it will
probably lead to less confusion if it should be
left undisturbed for the brief period it has to
run. Besides, should the decision of the courts
be not finally against its validity, it would yield
considerable revenue, without inflicting very
great inconvenience upon the people. It is
in no sense an inquisitorial tax, and its col-
lection would not add sensibly to the nu mber
of officers that would have to be employed in
the internal revenue service without it.
So much of this tax upon dividends as is
derived from the national banks is eminently
just. These banks carry on their business
under franchises of exceeding great value to
their owners, and can well afford to pay this
small demand.
I am aware that objection may be raised
to the validity of a tax imposed upon incomes
derived from dividends alone, while all other
incomes are exempt; but the same clause of
the Constitution upon which such objection
would be based is about as fatal to the entire
income tax as to that part. This is certainly
a direct tax ; no one will dispute that; but it
is not "apportioned according to numbers,"
in any sense of the word. The opinion of
two distinguished attorneys has been referred
to in this debate, who, no doubt, are as able
as any in the land to give an opinion upon a
subject of this kind, and that is, that this
whole tax is unconstitutional; and they are
supported in that judgment by the fact that it
has never been brought before the courts for
adjudication except so far as it was involved
in the case in Pennsylvania, which, however,
did not affect the income tax proper.
But this objection cannot apply to the tax
upon banks, for they are the creatures of Con-
gress, and may justly be subjected to any
reasonable burden the Government may see
fit to impose upon them. The amount paid
by the banks last year was $3,769,185 69, and
at the reduced rate under the new law they
would yield but little short of two millions ; a
sum which, considering the source from which
it is derived and the ease of its collection,
should be surrendered with great reluctance.
The income tax proper, aside from that
upon dividends and upon the salaries of Uni-
ted States officers, amounted last year to a
trifle over twenty-seven million dollars. By
reducing the rate to one half, reduces the sum
to be derived from this tax in a like propor-
tion. That is to say, if five per cent, yields
$27,000,000, two and a half per cent, would
yield but $13,500,000. But increasing the
exemption upon incomes from $1,000 to $2,000
affects the prospective yield almost as seriously
as the reduction of the rate.
The whole number of persons paying income
tax heretofore is less than two hundred and
seventy-five thousand. By extending the ex-
emption to all whose incomes do not exceed
$2,000, more than one hundred and seventy-
five thousand of that number are exonerated
entirely from its payment, so that the whole
of this tax hereafter will fall upon less than
one hundred thousand persons. We have no
exact data from which to determine what por-
tion of the $27,000,000 was paid by the one
hundred and seventy-five thousand persons,
who will hereafter be entirely exempt, but
it is liberal enough, no doubt, to calculate
that they paid at least $7,000,000 out of
the $27,000,000, and that all the balance of
$20,000,000 was paid by the one hundred
thousand persons, or less, who will continue
to be taxed. Already we see the tax reduced
down to $10,000,000; but this is not all. The
additional $1,000 exemption extends to these
one hundred thousand persons who are here-
after to pay, as well as to the one hundred and
seventy-five thousand who are to be exempt.
At two and a half per cent, this would add to
the exemption $2,500,000, and now the whole
income tax is reduced from $27,000,000 to
$7,500,000. But the extra expense of collect-
ing this tax will amount to at least $1,500,000;
so that the net proceeds from this source,
everything considered, will fall short of
$6,000,000. That is to say, the tax which
last year yielded upward of twenty-seven mil-
lion dollars, will this year yield, on a liberal
calculation, less than six millions.
In the country districts, it has been stated,
in all but twenty-six the amount derived from
this sourco will be exceedingly small. In a
very large number of districts the amount of
the tax will not pay for the collecting, and yet
the machinery forassessingand collecting must
be kept up. How many of the districts into
which the whole country is divided will come
under this class it is impossible to say; but
it is certain that in very many of them the
amount collected will not pay the expense of
collection.
For the sake of brevity I have been dealing
in round numbers, rather than the exact fig-
ures pressnted by the reports, which, after all,
are but approximations. To continue in the
same manner, it can be no great risk to say
that the whole amount derived from the tax
upon dividends and salaries last year, includ-
ing the $3,573,272 45 derived from banks, is
no more than $10,000,000. The reduction
from five to two and a half per cent, will cut
this sum down to $5,000,000, and the $2,000
exemption will probably take off another mil-
lion; so that the whole amount to be derived
from those sources will not exceed $4,000,000.
This added to the $6,000,000 derived from
incomes proper will make but $10,000,000 to
be gathered this year from a source of reve-
nue which last year yielded over thirty-seven
million dollars.
I am aware of the estimate made, perhaps by
the-, head of one of the bureaus of the Treasury
