1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
Department, that the revenue from this source
for the nest year will probably amount to some-
thing over twelve million dollars ; but lie is as
destitute of data upon which to base his esti-
mates as I am, and perhaps, in his anxiety to
continue this tax, he may have wandered as
far from the truth as myself. I think my esti-
mates will be found to be the more reliable.
Having dispensed with §27,000,000 of this
odious tax, ought we not to discard the other
$10,000,000, and wipe the whole of it out?
About the $0,000,000 levied upon incomes
proper I think there can hardly be a question,
and my judgment is decidedly in favor of dis-
carding the whole $10,000,000. It can be
spared without the least danger of failing to
meet all our demands, including the $24,500, •
000 of sinking fund.
The statement of the public debt issued the
1st of this month shows that since the begin-
ning of March last the debt has been reduced
$106,260,683 42, and we have, according to
the same statement, of cash in the Treasury
$138,086,572 44 ; a deficiency, therefore, from j
the repeal of the income tax is next to impos- j
sible. 1
The population and wealth of the country
is increasing from year to year at a rapid
rate, and the probability of a deficiency occur-
ring is coustanlly growing more and more
remote. It is, in fact, one of the most improb-
able contingencies that has found a lodgment
in the fancy of any person, in Congress or out.
Nothing but some great national disaster,
which we have no reason to expect or anti-
cipate, could possibly produce a deficiency in
the revenue to meet the obligations of the
Government, even if this tax were repealed.
It is a subject of very general complaint
throughout the country that we are paying off
the national debt too fast; but the only way
to prevent its too rapid payment is to dispense
with some of the sources of revenue, and if
any is to be dispensed with everybody will
agree it should be "the odious income-tax."
There has never been such a universal
demand for the repeal of a tax as there has
been for the repeal of this. The importunity
upou the subject has almost reached the mag-
nitude of a public clamor, and few of us will
have the temerity to meet our constituents
if it is left upon the statute-books. The peo-
ple regard it as more odious than any other
description of taxation whatever; and not
the least objectionable feature of it is its in-
equality. livery day's observation affords an
illustration of this. A is a person of great
wealth. His property consists of real estate,
which is increasing annually by tens of thou-
sands of dollars, and yet he pays no income
tax. None is imposed on him by law. But
his neighbor B, who is a poor man, owning
no property, earns by the utmost exertion of
head and hands, say $3,000; poor as he is B
pays in the year $100 income tax.
Equality and uniformity are the redeeming
features of taxation, and while these are con-
spicuous the people will be content under it,
however burdensome; but divest it of these
features and it becomes, as this tax really is,
odious and repulsive to the last degree.
It certainly cannot be maintained that this
remnant of the income tax is needed to meet
the current expenses of the Government.
These expenses have been steadily reduced
from year to year under this Administration,
until our financesare in a most hopeful condi-
tion. The positive revenue reforms that have
been effected in the last two years are a suffi-
cient warrant for letting go of this particular
exacti o ii 
" Neither is this tax required to meet the in-
terest on the public debt, nor yet to provide a
sinking fund ; for both of these, as well as the
current expenses, will be abundantly met by
other sources of revenue. If it is continued
at all, it must be with the view alone of paying
off the principal of the national debt; but this
is precisely what the people desire to avoid.
They would defer thepayment of the principal
until all parts of the Union are so reorganized
that the burden will fail as equally as may be
upon the shoulders of all, whether of the North,
South, East, or West.
But the wealth of this country is increasing
at even a more rapid ratio than the population,
and the latter doubles with every successive
generation. Our population, which is now
nearly forty millions, will, in a few years, be
twice that number, and the aggregate wealth
of the nation, which is now $30,000,000,000,
will soon be $60,000,000,000, and as the pop-
ulation and wealth increase the burden becomes
proportionately light. Ourpresent debt would
set with crushing weight upon a population of
twenty millions, but it rests with comparative
ease on the shoulders of forty millions, and
would hardly be felt by a population of eighty
millions. A few years ago it would have ab-
sorbed twenty per cent, of the national wealth.
The percentage that it covers now is much less,
and in a few years will be inappreciably small.
The people, who are really the debtors, are
not anxious to liquidate this obligation, neither
are the creditors in a hurry for its payment.
On the csntrary, the latter are alarmed lest
it should be canceled too soon. No one, neither
debtor nor creditor, wishes the debt to be taken
care of within the next score of years ; and
both alike, therefore, are in favor of the repeal
of this tax upon incomes. The country has
already been burdened too much by taxation,
and itisquite time such relief should be afforded
as can be afforded without detriment to the
public welfare. The industry of the nation,
no doubt, has been crippled by too great anx-
iety to relieve ourselves of the burden, and
this has led to the well-grounded complaint we
have so often heard.
A fact or two will suffice to show the extent
of the burden that has been already borne by
us. Since the inauguration of our internal
revenue system, only eight or nine years ago,
the patriotic people of this Republic have paid
in that description of taxes alone the enormous
sum of $1,482,561,705 98, and I may add here,
in praise alike of the people and the Govern-
ment, that this most difficult tax has been as-
sessed and collected at a cost of less than four
per cent, of the amount. No other nation in
the world can present such a record of burdens
cheerfully borne; and no party administration
that has preceded the present can exhibit a
more commendable degree of economy. Truly
the party now in power is the party of reform.
None may hope to excel it in an equal, just,
faithful, and economical administration of the
laws. The complaint is not that the laws have
not been faithfully administered, but that the
laws themselves have been a little more strin-
gent than the exigencies of the case require.
The income tax is odious, because it is in-
quisitorial, and this is a reason why it should
be abolished. It has often proved ruinous to
business reputation. It has in many instances
destroyed the credit of persons and firms and
broken up their occupations. It is excessively
demoralizing in its influence upon the peo-
pie, insomuch that it has been denominated a
positive tax upon honesty, and it has been
truthfully represented as offering a premium
upon falsehood and perjury. The people of
the United States ought not to be subject to
any such inconvenience, and their virtue ought
not to be put to such a strain. This sap-
ping and mining operation against the public
morality should be discontinued at once. It
cannot be exercised toward any people with
impunity for a great length of time, and this
law should have been allowed to expire with
the year 1870, as originally intended. It is
only mischievous, and the sooner we destroy
its expensive and cumbrous machinery the
better it will be for the Republic.
The peeple undoubtedly desire the abolition
of the income tax, and this alone is a sufficient
reason why it should be abolished. We are
accustomed to say in this country that the will
of the people is the law. The people are the
Government, and legislators are but their ser-
vants. The people have a rigkt to designate
in what manner their obligations shall be met,
and legislators have no warrant for perverting
their wishes. The people of the United States
have never sought to escape their liabilities.
All classes and conditions alike would repel
with indignation a proposition to repudiate,
or even to postpone beyond the contract time,
the least pressing of their obligations. The
people are quite as scrupulous as their repre-
sentatives touching this matter, aijd they sub-
mit themselves to onerous taxation, when the
same is necessary, with as much cheerfulness
as they accept good fortune.
They have already imposed upon themselves
greater burdens than were ever before self-
imposed by any people under the sun. But,
as 1 said, they have the right to designate the
form of the burden, and to so adjust it that it
may be as little galling as possible. They have
tried taxation in every conceivable form, and
have thrown off, as they could with safety, one
kind after another, including, as we have seen,
very much the larger portion of the income tax
itself, until now we have reached the point
where we can dispense with the balance of that
tax without the slightest danger of embarrass-
ment.
There is in prospect a much larger revenue
than is required for all purposes except to re-
duce the public debt, and the people, with
remarkable unanimity, if we may judge from
the expressions of opinion coming up from
every quarter, have decided upon and are
fairly clamoring for the utter and final repeal
of this most odious but once necessary tax.
In deference to the wishes of the people
many bills have been presented for its repeal,
and the press of the country, echoing the voice
of the whole population, is almost unanimous
in its demand for action upon this subject.
In the face of these facts, I might ask by
what right a committee of this or the other
House refuses its assent? The people are not
inconsiderate in this demand. It is not an
unreasonable thing they ask. They have de-
cided over and over again that the public debt
ought not to be rapidly paid. They desire not
to cripple their energies in such an attempt,
and thus perhaps jeopardize its final liquida-
tion, and, if not so, certainly leaving them-
selves exhausted after the grand task is accom-
plished. They prefer, rather, by the exercise
of a little patience, to cultivate the vigor of
the nation while it is bearing the burden^to
the end that it may come out from the full
performance of the task not weakened, but a
giant in strength. Prudence accomplishes far
greater results than precipitation. There will
never be a fitter occasion to apply the old
proverb ii make haste slowly " than, is afforded
in taking care of our public debt.
I cannot regard it as an open question, that
the continuance of this mere remnant of the
income tax is really needed. . Without it, all
the expenditures of the Government can be
liberally met, $2-5,000,000 added annually to
the sinking fund, and at the end of the year
all of the present $138,086,572 44 will remain
in the Treasury. It has done its work; let us
close it out finally and forever.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Mr. President, three
bills are pending—one introduced by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Soon,] and one
by each of the California Senators for the
repeal of the income tax. I offer a substitute
for all these bills, providing for a repeal of the
whole internal revenue system, except so much
as authorizes the issue and sale of stamps on
writings; which is as follows:
That all acts and parts of aots establishing the
department of internal revenue, and '°rn
the collection of internal taxes, be, and the samo
are herebv repea ed, except so much thereoi a 
provide for the issue an<f sale of stamps upon
be it further enacted. That stamps on
writings' be issued as now provided by law, but that
each and every deputy postmaster m the United
