1574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
with a saw-mill, and then, after we have done
that., put up the buildings for them?
Mr. HARLAN. Is there a carpenter pro-
vided for?
Mr. COLE. I see a carpenter is estimated
for, and in the bill there is a provision for a
carpenter.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, I see that. I With-
draw the amendment. ' . *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
The next amendment.of the Cammittee on
Indian Affairs was on page 63, line fifteen hun-
dred and twenty-three, to strike out "one"
and insert " two."
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is aclause
making an appropriation .of $1,000 for insur-
ance and transportation of goods for the Win-
nebagoes. The Senator from' Iowa, from the
Committee oh Indian Affairs, moves to in-
crease the amount from $1,000 to $2,000.
Mr. COLE. I do not know any reason why
we should go above the appropriation made by
the House and the estimate of the Depart-
ment for that service.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the hon-
orable Senator if he has made any estimate of
what it would cost to ship the probable amount
of goods to these Indians. If it is his deliber-
ate judgment that $1,000 is enough, I shall
not say another word. The estimate is $3,000
I am informed. The House for some reason
have cut it down to $1,000. If the honor-
able chairman thinks that will accomplish
the purpose, one third of the amount estimated
for, then I will agree to it.
Mr. COLE. 1 have no knowledge where
these Indians are; but I suppose the House
of Representatives had sufficient information
upon which they sent us this amount.
Mr. HARLAN. These Indians are in the
northern part of Nebraska, I think.
Mr. COLE. Then they are easily accessible,
and $1,000 ought to be sufficient.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa insist on the amendment?
Mr. HARLAN. I will move to increase the
amount to $1,500. That will be just half the
ID dt6
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa withdraws his amendment, and uow moves
to make the appropriation $1,500. Does the
Senator from California object to that?
Mr. COLE. No, sir.
Mr. SPitAGUE. I object.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I will ask for the vote
of the Senate upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa,
to increase the appropriation to $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 64, line fifteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, to strikeout "$1,400"
and insert " $1,200" as the appropriation for
a phvsician for the Yakama nation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Indian Affairs recommend that the appro-
priation be allowed to stand as it was in the
bill originally.
Mr. HARLAN. I will not insist upon that.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not think they will
be able to get a physician in that country for
less than $1,400. These are the Yakama
Indians of Washington Territory, a very excel-
lent band of Indians, who are doing very well,
and who have an excellent agent. Their
agency is one of the best agencies on the
Pacific coast. I think if anything should be
done for any Indians these Indians ought to
be encouraged.
Mr. STEWART. What church does he
belong to ?
Mr. COIiBETT. The Methodist church.
Mr. STEWA RT. Then I have no objection.
Mr. CORBETT. I think he is one of the
oest agents I ever saw. The agent is Rev.
Mr. Wilbur, and he has the best conducted
agency, I think, on the Pacific coast.
Mr. COLE; But we are talking about a
physiciahforthe tribe now.
Mr. CORBETT. This is an appropriation
for-the pay of a physician. The object is to
secure a good physician and one whom we can
rely upon. There is quite a large'number of
these Indians, and I think a physician in that
country ought to be paid at least $1,400.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
of the Whole reduced this appropriation to
$1,200, and the question is on concurring in
that amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was on page 65, line fifteen hun-
dred and eighty-four, to strike out the follow-
ing proviso :
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to ratify any of the treaties entered
into with any tribe, band, or party of Indians since
the 20th of July, 1867.
Mr. HARLAN. I presume there will be no
objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was on page 68, line sixteen
hundred and fifty-two, to strike out " fifty "
and insert "seventy-five;" so as to make the
appropriation for the general and incidental
expenses of the Indian service in New Mexico,
&c., $75,000.
Mr. COLE. I hope that amendment will
not be agreed to. There are other tribes of In-
dians in that Territory for whom appropriations
have been made ; for example, the Navajoes.
Large appropriations have been made for them;
audi think we ought not to increase this appro-
priation for those Indians who are not defined
or mentioned particularly. I hope, therefore,
the amendment-will not be agreed to. I will
state also that the appropriation now in the
bill is the same as was made last year. We
have followed the judgment of Congress last
year on this subject.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no reason to advance
in favor of this amendment beyond the desire
of the Department to extend the civilizing influ-
ences to the Indians who have not heretofore
enjoyed the advantages of schools or contact
with civilized life. There are a very large num-
ber of Iudians in this Territory, including a
class of Indians known as Pueblos, and the
department desire to establish schools among
them and aid them in their efforts to become
civilized. I suppose the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations will not
really resist an amendment for a purpose of
that kind.
Mr. COLE. It seems to be in vain to resist
any proposition to increase appropriations
where the amount of increase is very consider-
able, as in this case. It is therefore with a
good deal of reluctance that I do resist any
propositions of that sort. But inasmuch as no
good reason has been given for adding this
$25,000 additional, I shall insist upon a vote
on the amendment. I hope, however, the
Senator from Iowa will not insist upon the
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I will not persist in the
face of the Senator's decided opposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is withdrawn.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was on page 69, after line six-
teen hundred and eighty-one, to insert the fol-
lowing:
For this amount, to he expended under the direc-
tion of the President in collecting upon reserva-
tions those Indians living in that portion of Wash-
ington Territory bounded north by British Columbia,
east by Idaho, south by latitude forty-seven degrees,
and west by Milhouso river, furnishing them with
subsistence, and instructing theia in thea.r(sof civ -
ilization, with a view to their self-support, $26,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California object to this amendment ?
Mr. COLE. Most assuredly I do. I do not
know of «ny reason why we should adopt it.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs propose that amendment in pursuance
of a very urgent request from the special board
of commissioners on Indian Affairs, who have
visited that country and report a very urgent
necessity for an appropriation of this kind
for the benefit of Indians who have not been
assisted heretofore. They informed the com-
mittee that the white settlers were pressing on
them, and it became necessary to attempt to
teach them to live by agriculture, or they would
perish. I think the honorable Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Coebett] can give a more suc-
cinct and clear account of this case than I can.
Mr. CORBETT. This is an amendment to
make provision for a large number of Indiana
in Washington Territory. They are very ex-
cellent and high-spirited men. It is thought
best, in consequence of the encroachments of
the white settlers upon them, to gather them
upon a reservation and teach them the art of
agriculture. No provision has been made for
these Indians. There is no treaty with them.
Therefore, in view of the humane policy that
is proposed toward Indians with whom we
have no treaty stipulations, I think it is right
to provide for such Indians, and try and do the
best we can to civilize them. The commis-
sion that was appointed to visit this section of
the country came before our committee and
represented the necessities of these Indians,
and recommended this appropriation, in order
to gather them on a reservation and preserve
the peace between them and the whites.
Mr. COLE. The Senator remarked that
we have made no appropriations for these
Indians. We have been in the habit of
appropriating for them every year right along.
Last year we appropriated $24,400, this year
$24,400, and they get that amount from year
to year; and now the proposition is to add this
year, because some gratuitous commission
has recommended it, $20,000 more. This is
another evidence of that economy which we
find from that source. Twenty thousand dol-
lars more is to be added this year to the
$24,400 that it has already been recognized
as proper to give them in this bill, and which
has been appropriated to them in former years.
We do not want to send out a roving commis-
sion to gather them in. They are doing well
enough, I presume, where they are, and they
ought to be content with the amount that has
been customarily appropriated for them.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senator where
is the appropriation of $24,000 for these In-
dians? I do not see it. There is an appro-
priation of $24,000 for the incidental expenses
of the Indian service in Washington Territory,
and that is, I believe, the whole amount appro-
priated.
Mr. COLE. The Senator certainly does
not read it. The language is "for defraying
the expenses of removal and subsistence of
Indians." Removal where? To reservations,
or where they will be out of the way of white
people. That is the "object of the appropria-
tion of $24,000, or certainly that is a part of it.
Mr. STEWART. If this is a proposition
to remove any Indians, I desire to be heard
upon it.
Mr. CORBETT. That is an appropriation
of $24,400 " for the general incidental ex-
penses of the Indian service in Washington
Territory, and for defraying the expenses of
removal and subsistence of Indians, (not par-
ties to any treaty,) and for pay of necessary
employes." Now, in that Territory I think
there are about twelve thousand Indians or
more. There are but few of those tribes with
whom we have treaties. There are no treaties
with this portion of the Indians there. It is
proposed to pat them upon a piece of land
and give them the land in severalty, in order
that they may commence the pursuitof agri-
culture, and that they may be civilized, as
