140
APPENDIX ¥0 THIS COtGRiSSlONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
Ho. op Beps.
Navigation of Ohio River—Mr. Negley.
41st Cong.,..3d Sess.
of the Whole, for the reasons then given.
And I ask my colleague [Mr. Seles] to say
whether or not it is a good reason? I ask
him whether he is prepared to state to this
House that if we had gone into Committee of
the Whole it would have been possible to
reach the bill to repeal the income tax, or,
if we had reached it, that we would have had
a majo'rity?
Mr. STILES. Yes, sir; it would have been
possible. The chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means made the motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the question of
the repeal of the income tax. The question
was then raised in what position the other bills
upon the Calendar preceding that one would
stand if the motion should be agreed to. The
Speaker expressly decided that in the Com-
mittee of the Whole—and the chairman of
the committee would have been bound to rec-
ognize that decision—the majority could lay
aside every other question and take up that
whibh the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means moved to bring before the Commit-
tee of the Whole. And the gentleman and his
colleagues, the five Republicans from Pennsyl-
vania, who voted against going into Commit-
tee of the Whole, would have made a majority
to bring that question before the House.
Mr. NEGLEY. 1 wish to ask the gentle-
man another question. Would every gentle-
man who voted to go into Committee of the
Whole have voted for a repeal of the income tax?
Mr. STILES. Every one, as far as I know.
That vote was so considered by the people and
press of the country, and it was so telegraphed
to the Associated Press, that it was a test-vote.
The vote was 104 to 105, according to the
Journal, and the gentleman and his Repub-
lican colleagues from Pennsylvania in' this
House could have changed the result. One
vote would have changed it; the gentleman
himself is the cause of its defeat. If they had
voted as they should have voted, according to
the sehtiments of the people of our State, they
would have voted to go into Committee of the
Whole, and to-day this tax would have been
repealed, as I firmly believe.
Mr. NEOLEY. I will state to my colleague
that upon next Wednesday we may possibly
have ah opportunity to test the truth of the
gentleman's statement or the soundness of his
judgment.
Mr. STILES. "Possibly" next Wednes-
day, and "possibly" never! Now, the gen-
tleman makes the objection, or those who
induced the reporter to telegraph this to the
Associated Press make the objection that the
question of tariff would have been involved,
and especially the question of the duty on
imports I My colleague, [Mr. Negley,] who
assumes to be a tariff man, and who charges
upon the Democracy of Pennsylvania that they
are free-traders, voted in the last session ot
this Congress to reduce the duty on pig-iron
from nine to seven dollars, and voted also for
this tax bill in connection with the tariff bill.
Yet he objects, he and his Republican col-
leagues, to reopening the questiou of the tariff,
which might place the duty on iron at what it
was before, nine dollars instead of seven dol-
lars, a question which has more affeeted the
interests of Pennsylvania since the close of the
last session ot' this Congress than any otheir
question, ns the gentleman very well knows;
for to-day, in the city of New York, Scotch
pig-iron is selling at an amount less than pig-
iron can be made for in my district; as is
reported to me by the most reliable iron men
in that section. The gentleman voted to reduce
the duty on iron in this very bill, and he pub-
lished a speech a few days ago, I think on the
very day he cast this vote, in favor of the un-
conditional repeal of the income tax. And
yet he voted nut to take the bill up, he and
half a dozen of his colleagues.
Mr. NEGLEY. I will correct the gentle-
man. I did not vote not to take the bill up.
I voted against an opportunity being afforded
to the gentlemen on the Democratic side of
the Ilouse to reach those various bills, some
seventeen in number, that would have had to
be acted upon or put aside before we reached
the other bill.
Mr. STILES. The reaching of that bill was
the very question which you voted against.
You were voting upon the motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,]
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and I charge upon the gentleman and
{lis colleagues from Pennsylvania, who have
pretended all along to be in favor of the repeal
of this tax, that they were the cause, on that
occasion, of the House not going into Com-
mittee of the Whole for that purpose.
Savigation of Ohio Elver.
SPEECH OF HON. J. S. NEGLEY,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 14, 1871,
In favor of the j oint resolution (S. R. No. 290) to pre-
vent obstruction to the navigation of tho Ohio
river.
Mr. NEGLEY. Mr. Speaker, the subject
under consideration is of absorbing interest
and expansive scope, as may easily be inferred
from the voluminous array of evidence and
argument which has engaged for months the
attention of more than one House and Senate
committee. Much of what I might have said
upon this question, so deeply interesting to
my constituents and to the entire country, has
naturally been anticipated by some of the dis-
tinguished gentlemen who appeared before the
said committees, and much has been absorbed
in the powerful memorials of the Pennsylvania
Legislature and the Pittsburg Coal Exchange;
so that I would not delay the action of this
House by any remarks of mine did I not feel
clearly prompted by a sense of duty not to
pass in silence over some features of the con-
troversy which, I believe, have not received
due consideration.
Mr. Speaker, it ha3 been well said that
the method of construction of a bridge or its
location is not a local question, concentrated
around the spot where its structure crosses
the shipping channel beneath it; and it has
been intimated with forcible truth and suc-
cessful demonstration that the real and pre-
dominant interests at stake are those of rail-
roads and navigation, or, in other words, the
reciprocal and equitable claims of natural and
artificial highroads for the right of way in
their mission of national intercourse.
If the question now under consideration was
confined only to the issue whether or not the
Newport and Cincinnati bridge has violated
or misconstrued the statutes governing its
erection, we might obviate action by referring
its solution to the United States courts. But,
Mr. Speaker, the present difficulty renders the
wisdom and adequacy of the existing laws
doubtful, and therefore deserves our earnest
and thorough investigation, whether or not
additional legislation is advisable to remedy
the present and to prevent future collisions
of important rights.
Our national prosperity is greatly dependent
upon railroad and navigation facilities, and
looks to each of them for expansion and de-
velopment, and no obstruction can be allowed
to be placed in the path of either of these
two main arteries of our commercial health
and economical life. Our navigable streams
are a munificent boon, provided by nature to
carry the means of exchange between the
demand and Supply of our staples. They are
the domain of the entire people, of nearly
unlimited capacity and unquestionable priority
as connecting links of commerce between dis-
tant sections, and they afford unrivaled facili-
ties for the ch^ap transport of bulky freights,
which mostly consist in the indispensable ne-
cessaries of life. Our railroads are artificial
accommodation's, created by the skill of man,
and owned by enterprising corporations, who
have conquered many natural obstacles of
travel and commerce. They are justly entitled
to public favor for the valuable services they
render to the intercourse of trade and the pro-
gress of civilization by accelerating the speed
of conveyance for thought, travel, and traffic.
To allege that the interests of these two great
highroads of national interchange are antago-
nistic to each other would be contradicting
the results of experience and the teachings of
the best authorities on political economy, who
maintain that they are natural auxiliaries and
mutually contribute to their individual useful-
ness and public value. Both are powerful con-
tributors to our social, civilizing, industrial,
and agricultural advancement, and, neither of
them being capable of exactly supplying each
other's peculiar vocation, their interests are so
sympathetic that the detriment inflicted upon
the public through an injury to one can never
be repaired by an invigoration of the other.
But while there is real sympathy and not
antagonism between them there will arise ques-
tions of prerogative as often as their paths
cross, and it will be impossible to avoid tem-
porary or local conflicts of their relative fran-
chises unless such collision is prevented by
provident and clear legislation.
It is manifest, Mr. Speaker, that chief among
the circumstances tending toward such con-
flicts, the erection of bridges is one of the most
frequent occurrence, and that every bridge,
unless constructed in one continuous span
from shore to shore, and of sufficient eleva-
tion above "high-water-mark," is more or
less an obstruction to the navigation of the
current beneath it. It is also obvious that
with the continuous growth of our intersec-
tional travel and commerce, the number of
bridges must and will also constantly increase.
Bridges are expensive structures, and it is
unquestionably the right and duty of their
builders that they should economize in locat-
ing and constructing them by all means rec-
oncilable with the safety of life and prop-
erty in their care and the laws authorizing
their erection ; so much more so, when the
usefulness and legitimate prosperity of rail-
roads as well as the cheapness and speed of
travel and freight depend upon this economy.
But no consideration of such partial econ-
omy or responsibility is admissible in legis-
lation or its interpretation, when it will inter-
fere with or trespass upon the fre& right of way
of any other equally or more largely important
highway of public conveyance. This is evi-
dently the principle which ought to guide and
has guided the spirit of congressional legisla-
tion upon the subject of bridging navigable
rivers; yet we find in several cases on record,
and now again in the position assumed by the
Newport and Cincinnati Bridge Company, that
personal interest prevails with contestants and
produces efforts to undervalue the equity of a
traverser's claim even to the extent of a more
or less warranted interpretation of law.
It would be a cause of regret and of con-
stantly recurring embarrassment if the acts
authorizing the erection of bridges across the
Ohio river and prescribing the mode of their
construction should admit of more than one
version; and for the purpose of ascertaining
whether such is the case, as well as in justice
to both interests concerned in the controversy,
which gave the immediate impulse to the res-
olution now pending, it will be necessary, Mr.
Speaker, to scrutinize carefully the letter and
