1871,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1575
proposed by the Senator from Nevada. He
is willing to appropriate money for Indians
with whom there is no treaty to civilize them',
put them on a piece of land, and to give it to
them in severalty. That is the very idea that
is proposed in the amendment. We desire it
for that purpose, and I hope the Senator from
Nevada will sustain us in it.
Mr. STEWART. I want to see that idea
embodied in some law. I want to see some
law that will embody the idea of Indians hav-
ing their land in severalty and their annuities
in severalty. I want to see some law that will
repudiate the idea of an Indian aristocracy,
of Indian chiefs, Indian kings, of Indian des-
pots, of Indian barbarity to the mass of In-
dians by the chiefs. I want to see an honest
effort in that direction. This thing of remov-
ing Indians is generally for the purpose of
making a job. That is one part of the ma-
chinery of plunder in this system ; and indeed
I regard the whole Indian system as a system
of plunder. I intend to test the sense of the
Senate when the committee are through with
their amendments, upon thisquestion, whether
there is a disposition to let the individual In-
dians—not the chiefs who come here and make
contracts and have their agents in this town,
but the individual Indians—have something
for themselves; let them have a chance to
become civilized. I see there is no use in
attempting to resist these extravagant appro-
priations donating money when you do not
know where it is going, because the Senate is
bound to vote them. They believe in the vir-
tues of the Indians, in the virtue of money,
money. I tell you money does not do any
good. Stop the appropriation of money and
you will stop Indian wars. You might have
a little difficulty for the first six months, but
at the end of six months you could not get up
an Indian war in any way in the world without
money. They would make a war at first for
the purpose of making you contribute; but
when they found there was no money in it
they would stop.
We had some Indian wars, and we had some
actual experience on this subject, although it
does not appear that it is worthanything here,
in Nevada. We had Indian wars at first.
They lasted three or four weeks, and we lost
some fifty or sixty of our best citizens, and
the Indians lost some of their number. The
Indians said they did not like it, and we did
not like.it. We made peace, and that peace
has lasted ever since. But if the idea had
been held out to those Indians that by mak-
ing another war they could get money, we
should have had wars all the time; we should
have had an army there all the time ; and
instead of getting along with fifteen or twenty
thousand dollars we should have been expend-
ing two or three million dollars annually for
the last ten years in Nevada. I tell you the
Indians do not like war unless there is plunder,
unless there is some gain by it, any better than
white men. That is my experience.
Mr. DAVIS. Will my honorable friend per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. STEWART. Any question in the
■world.
Mr. DAVIS. I am very much obliged to
you. Will you and your constituents take
all the Indian wars upon contract, or not ?
[Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. If you will keep your
Army officers and your Indian agents out of
the Indian country entirely, and appropriate
no money, the settlers will take the contract,
and they will do it without any more bloodshed
than you are having now, aud with none of
the drunkenness, with none of the evils, that
now corrupt white men. If you will let the
settlers who are willing to go on the land in
good faith alone, aud let them have the right
of self-defense, the same as the original set-
tlers had in Massachusetts, and if you will
recognize their right to defend their firesides
and recognize the right of the Indian to defend
himself, they will soon find a means of settle-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not understand the
answer of my honorable friend; it is not very
precise. I want to know whether he and his
constituents will take all the Indian wars on
contract or not; and if they will agree to do
so, and give ample and sufficient security that
they shall terminate in the way he indicates, I
think they can get all the wars they want.
Mr. STEWART. The contract implies
money. If there was money in it I suppose
that would control my constituents as well as
anybody else. But keep your money away,
and they will take care of themselves.
Mr. POMEROY. I have heard a great deal
about Nevada operations in regard to the
Indians every session, and I would make this
suggestion: that the Senator from Nevada
invite this commission to go out to Nevada
and see how they conduct Indian affairs there.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, do not ask me to do
that. The commission are thoroughly disgust-
ed with us. We are so extremely unpopular
in our Indian management, because it does not
cost anything, that they have deprived us of
an Indian superintendent and have sent a man
from Kansas to see that money is spent there.
They are utterly disgusted with our mode of
treating the Indians-. There is nothing so dis-
gusting to the Indian management as the
economical habits of Nevada. Do not ask me
to invite anybody there, because it will only
make the matter worse. They have sent to
Nevada a man from Kansas, where they are
thoroughly experienced in this business. They
went to a Stale where there has been plenty
of Indian business, and got an expert in the
Indian business, and have sent him out as an
agent to Nevada. We do not want to invite
any commission to come to Nevada for the
purpose suggested by the Senator.
Mr. POilEROY. If the commission are
thoroughly disgusted with the Indian manage-
ment in Nevada, I have no doubt the Indians
are also.
Mr. STEWART. If the Indians are dis-
gusted, we will suggest to them that they have
the same right of emigration that anybody else
has ; but. they do not appear to be disgusted.
Mr. POilEROY. If they have got a man
there from my State as agent in Nevada, I
am certainly pleased to bear it, because they
will have one man there and one good agent.
Mr. STEWART. If he should turn out to
be a good man, may it not diminish your popu-
lation in that line ?
Mr. POMEROY. Only one.
Mr. S I'EWART. Can you spare one?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes.
Mr. STEWART. Can you spare one who
has been in the Indian business? [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. Yes.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; that will do.
Sir, I tell you that the great, trouble with our
whole Indian system is the money expended.
Just look a little at the situation of Indian
affairs elsewhere on this continent. We boast
of our superior civilization, but look at Mex-
ico. Mexico has not undertaken to buy off
the Indians by making these large appropria-
tions. She did not have money enough in her
treasury to do so. She had not people enough
to labor to contribute these large amounts ; aud
what is the result? The Indians there have
been treated as citizens, and the president of
that republic to-day is an Indian, their leading
men are Indians, because they have had a
chance to take care of themselves. If you go
over into Canada—I have examined into the
condition of affairs there somewhat—you will
find that the Indians are more peaceable and
far superior in the British possessions to what
they are among us. But you do not near 01
these appropriations there. It would bankrupt
this New Dominion, or Old Domiuion. or what-
ever it is called, to make the appropriations
that we are lavishing every year upon the
Indians. 1 tell you, sir, that it is these appro-
priations of money which destroy them. Now,
I have in my hand an amendment, without any
"job " connected with it, to put them on land
in severalty ; but here is a proposition to move
them a<*ain. This moving business, this mov-
ing of Indians from one place to another, is
simply a waste of money every time it is done.
I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. COLE. I move to lay this amendment
on the table.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope not.
The question being put, there were, on divis-
ion—ayes 18, noes 13.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no
quorum voting, but several Senators are pres-
ent who have not voted.
Mr. COLE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to inquire if
this motion does not carry the whole bill
with it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not, in
the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No rule has been adopted
on that subject.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes; there was a rule
adopted yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought there was a
motion pending to reconsider the adoption of
that rule.
Mr. POMEROY. That does not recon-
sider it.
Mr. COLE. I suppose the rule remains till
it is reconsidered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I take it, a bill is not
a law when a motion is pending to recon-
sider it.
Mr. POMEROY. But this is only a reso-
lution of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
reply to the Senator from Illinois that the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Casserly] desired
to enter the motion to reconsider when the
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron]
was upon the floor. After the Senator from
Illinois had made his suggestion, the Chair
stated that he would reccivc the motion to
reconsider, but the Senator from Vermont
objected, because other business was before
the Senate, which brought it under the elev-
enth rule, as follows:
" When a question Is under debate, no motion shall
be received but to adjourn, to proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business, to lay on the table,
to postpone indelinitely, to postpone to a day cer-
tain, to commit, or to amend."
Another question being then under debate,
the motion to reconsider could not be enter-
tained except by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 thought the motion,
had been made. I am in favor of the rule
myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
to the Senator from California that subse-
quently, at any time during the morning hour
when business was coming in. such as bills for
reference, he could enter the motion to recon-
sider. He said he would recur to the subject
again, but he did not enter the motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was under a misap-
prehension. then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that an examination he has made in
regard to the rules, not a thorough one em-
bracing their whole history, develops this fact
in regard to that point: that, under the rules
adopted under the constitutional provision
authorizing the Senate to establish rules for
their proceedings, the pendency of a motion
to reconsider does not arrest the execution
of a rule, for what reason the Chair does not
know, except perhaps it be that the rule only
concerns the Senate, and that it was therefore
in force until repealed. It is not like the efise
of the reconsideration of bills, which are to be
sent to the President. That qnestipn, how-
ever, does not eome up now. The yeas tmd
nays have been ordered on the motion to lay
the pending amendment on the table.
