1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
41st Cons....3d Sess.
Navigation of Ohio River—Mr. Negley.
Ho. ob Beps.
the spirit of the acts bearing upon the case in
question, and then to establish by evidence—
X. Whether the Newport and Cincinnati
bridge, as now in process of erection, is, or will
be, a serious obstruction to the Ohio river?
2. If snch be the case, whether such obstruc-
tion has been caused by any violation or mis-
interpretation of the present laws?
After these points of fact shall have been
established it will be proper and expedient to
consider whether additional, or at least ex-
planatory, legislation is required to overcome
the present and prevent future difficulties, and
whether or not the pending resolution is ade-
quate to accomplish this purpose ; and, finally,
if this resolution or other legislation should be
enacted requiring any modifications or altera-
tions to be made in the present and future
structures of the Newport and Cincinnati
bridge, we may have to determine the ques-
tion of equity, whether or not the bridge com-
pany ought to defray in part or entirely the
expenses of these modifications required.
LA1VS ON THE SUBJECT.
Among the acts of Congress relative to pub-
lic highroads, there are but two statutes appli-
cable to the Newport and Ci«cinnati bridge,
namely:
1. The act to establish certain post roads,
approved July 14, 1862.
2. The resolution giving the assent of the
United States to the construction of the New-
port and Cincinnati bridge, approved March
3, 1869.
The former requires, among other stipula-
tions of section four, which are unessential in
this controversy, that, "the piers of said bridge
shall be parallel to the current of the river ' as
near as practicable,' " and leaves it optional
to build a bridge not less than forty feet above
the highest water without a draw span, or a
bridge not less thau seventy feet above lowest
water with a draw span. The latter resolution
provides for an unbroken or continuous span
of not less than four hundred feet in the clear,
from pier to pier, over the main channel of the
river, but leaves all other respects of building
in accordance with the conditions and limit-
ations of the former act; yet it specifically
reserves the right to Congress—
"To withdraw tho assent given in case the free
navigation oi' said river shall at any time be sub-
stantially and materialiy obstructed by any bridge
to be erected under the authority of this resolution,
or to direct the necessary modifications and altera-
tions of said bridge."
It will be noticed that in the second alter-
native of the option granted in section four of
the act of 1862, all stipulations providing for the
elevation of bridges using draws above high-
est water are omitted : and it must be also
observed, Mr. Speaker, that in the resolution
of 1869 it is distinctly provided "that said
bridge is built with an unbroken or continuous
span of not less than four hundred feet in the
clear, from pier to pier, over the main channel
of the river," and all stipulations for an op-
tion between such a bridge and a draw-bridge
are omitted. Yet the bridge company, by pre-
suming the omission of the former stipulation
to be intended by the first act, and by supply-
ing the omission of the stipulation for a draw-
bridge as understood or implied in the spirit
of the second act, as well as by availing them-
selves of the latitude for interpretation admit-
ted in the ambiguity of the phrase "as near
as practicable," claims legal authority for the
most objectionable features of their partially
completed structures.
Without indorsing or denying the right of
such interpretation of the law, it must be
admitted—if from evidence adduced it shall
appear that this bridge is an obstruction of
serious importance to the navigation of the
Ohio river—that the version of the law claimed
and adopted by the bridge company has been
originated, or at least facilitated, by serious
defects in the acts so construed, and that the
modifications or alterations required in such
case can only be effected at great expense and
loss of time, which must be either agreat hard-
ship and undue injury to the bridge company,
if the same has acted in good faith, or a deeply
deplorable expenditure of public funds, if
caused by careless and improvident legisla-
tion. In calling omissions or ambiguities in
the letter of a law serious defects of the same,
I certainly do not anticipate the view or opin-
ion of any witness on either side of the bridge
controversy, but simply express a general tru-
ism in its application to all statutes.
The intention of Congress to protect the Ohio
river navigation against any material and sub-
stantial obstruction cannot be doubted, as it
is clearly indicated in the very provisions of
the act of 1862, and reiterated in the reserva-
tion of the resolution of 1869, and any omis-
sion or equivocacy rendering such obstruc-
tion possible cannot, therefore, have been in-
tentional, but must have been the result of a
lamentable want of foresight or of censurable
incomprehensibility. This is a humiliating
acknowledgment, and our surprise at this
mishap is not relieved by any argument ad-
vanced in the debates preceding the passage
of the acts, unless the apprehensions of some
members, (at the time of the passage of the
first act,) that the elevation above highest water
prescribed for a bridge without a draw might
be insecure for a draw-bridge, are considered
of more importance than experience and the
opinion of experts attribute to them.
The heaviest share of responsibility for this
remissnessin our legislation, however, devolves
upon the Representatives of the districts now
most complaining, who were then in Congress
and consented to and participated in the pas-
sage of these acts; so much the more as these
gentlemen, on account of their familiarity with
the interests of their constituents and their
acquaintance with the requirements of the Ohio
river navigation, were consulted, and certainly
exercised a predominant influence in framing
the acts. That these gentlemen should have
overlooked or allowed ambiguities and omis-
sions so clearly endangering one of the most
vital interests of their constituents, and in fact
of the whole country, as the present contro-
versy demonstrates, can hardly be extenuated
by the statements of distinguished gentlemen
whoso veracity cannot be questioned, to the
effect that a verbal promise had been given "that
the Newport bridge would be built with a four-
hundred foot span and as high as the suspen-
sion bridge/' and the very statements of the
Representatives of the interested districts that
they permitted the joint resolution of 1869 to
bo reported and passed only upon the assur-
ances given them of a compromise, by which
the bridge was to be as high as the suspension
bridge, are as many acknowledgements that they
were fully acquainted with the deficiency of
the act voted for, if not framed by themselves,
and yet knowingly failed to correct the same.
Having thus briefly marked out the points
of the acts now in force, which are mostly,
referred t,o by the traversers, I shall now pro-
ceed, Mr. Speaker, with the strictest brevity
and impartiality, to review the main points
of the testimony concerning
FACTS IN THE CASE.
To determine with proper caution the rel-
ative weight of the vast amount of evidence
and argument before us, we shall have to dis-
tinguish between the testimony of either of
the interested parties and that of the totally
impartial experts called by the Government
to establish the facts of the ease by actual
examination, and to report the same, with the
effects upon navigation; and therefore I beg
leave, Mr. Speaker, to refer you to section five
of the act making appropriations for the im-
provements of rivers and harbors, approved
July 11, 1870, by which the Secretary of War
is authorized and required—
"To detail three engineers, whoso duty it shall bo
to examine all bridges now ereoteil, or in process of
erection, across the Ohio river, and to report whether,
in their opinion, such bridges, or any of them, as
now constructed or proposed to be constructed, do
or will interfere with the free and safe navigation
of the said river," &c.
Thanks to this providence of the Forty-First
Congress, in its second session, we have now
before us this report, rendered under the said
act; and as it contains the evidence of experts
and entirely disinterested witnesses, I claim
that it deserves paramount attention and con-
sideration in our deliberations on the subject.
This able and comprehensive document com-
mands our reliance so much the more as its
facts and figures are, with few and immaterial
exceptions, admitted by the one and substan-
tiated by the other of the contending parties,
and the opinions advanced therein are not
influenced by the natural bias which weighs
upon human judgment when great personal in-
terests are at stake. Among the large amount
of positive and argumentative information of
this report there are the following succinct
passages, (see Ex. Doc. No. 32, page 2, second
line from the bottom:)
"We are unanimously of the opinion that this
bridge, as being constructed, is a serious obstacle
to the free navigation of the Ohio river, and that it
imperatively calls upon Congress to exercise Us
specially reserved right of modification."
And again, (vide page 30, eighth line from
the top:)
" The board are unanimous in their opinion that
the bridge, as now being constructed, is so serious an
obstruction to navigation as to call for the interfer-
ence of Congress, as provided for in the act author-
izing its construction, and they would recommend
that that portion of the law of July 11,1862, which
authorizes the construction of low draw-bridges over
tho Ohio river be repealed."
These opinions and recommendations are
supported by many valuable facts, established
by careful examination of bridge ar,d channel,
and are not refutgd by any evidence before us.
Of these facts I shall only enumerate the
following as the most conspicuous, namely:
1. An elevation of only nine feet above
"high-water mark" for the main or contin-
uous span is provided for the structures com-
pleted and contemplated, which is, at the high-
est stage of water, utterly insufficient for the
safety of even the lowest barge, and absolutely
impracticable for tow-boats and steamers, of
whatever size and description.
2. The main or channel span is badly locat-
ed, difficult to approach, and dangerous to ran.
3. The draw is badly located, too narrow,
and available only with great delay and danger
even for single boats.
4. The foundations of the piers are weak,
requiring, therefore, protection by rip-raps or
other structures, reducing greatly the width of
the channel-way.
5. The piers are not parallel with the cur-
rent "as near as practicable," reducing there-
by the width of the channel-way by ten feet
below the minimum dimension prescribed by
law.
6. The angle formed by the piers and the
current gives the latter an additional deflection
toward the adjoining pier, increasing the dan-
ger of boats being dashed against the latter.
These, among others, are the jnost notice-
able facts established by the United States
engineers, in answer to which we find, among
all the evidence adduced by the bridge com-
pany, not one distinct denial or tenable refuta-
tion of these facts so injurious and obstructive
to the river navigation. It is true the bridge
company furnishes in reply an elaborate and
interesting argument of two of its own en-
gineers, and a series of affidavits of the presi-
dent, the vice president, and other directors,
as well as of other persons more or les,s inter-
ested in the company, by which it is aimed to
contest the conclusions of the United States
