1576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
. The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 19 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony Boreman, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Edmunds, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, McCreery, Osborn,
Poraeroy, Pratt, "Robertson, Sawyer, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Tipton, and Warner—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, ('orbelt, Davis,-
Flanagan. Fowler. Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Hill. McDonald. Ramsey,
Kiee, Ros:!.TrumbuU, Vickere.'Wiliey.and Yates-*-19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard. Blair, jBrpwft-
low, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly; Oat tell. Cragin,
Fentan, Ferry, Howard, Howe; Lewi;:. .Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patter-
son, Pool, Revels, Saulsbury. Schurz, Scatt, Spencer,
Stearns, Stockton, Sumner, Thayer, Thui-man, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—32.
' 'So.th'e amendment was lard upon the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa make a point in regard to the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole in lines sixteen hundred and eighty-
rrine, sixteen hundred and ninety, and sixteen
hundred and ninety-one, on the sixty-ninth
page? That matter is not included in the
printed list of amendments of the Committee'
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN. That amount is necessary
to carry into effect the provisions of the treaty
for collecting these Indians on two or three
rAfifAVYTQ ll AT>0
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
then objects to it.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir. A part of them are
on the reservation and a part of them are not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair refers
to the clause "for transportation and neces-
sary expenses of delivery of provisions to the
Indians within the Utah superintendency,
§10,000."
Mr. HARLAN. No ; I make no point on
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then that amend-
ment will be regarded as concurred in. The
Secretary will report the next amendment,
being the paragraph stricken out in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and the Committee on
Indian Affairs recommend its restoration in
the bill.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out on page 69, after line six-
teen hundred and ninety-one, the following
clause :
For this amount, to carry out the action contem-
plated by act of Congress approved May 5,1864, enti-
tled " An act to vacate and sell the present Indian
reservations in Utah Territory and to settle said
Indians in Uintah valley," 810,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurrence in striking out this clause, and
the Committee on Indian Affairs oppose con-
currence. Does the Senator from California
insist on concurrence?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the Senator had
better let that go in.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator can give us an
explanation of it, perhaps I shall.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator's attention was
engaged on something else when I attempted
to do so. A part of these Indians have been
removed to their new reservation, and the law
provides for the sale of the old reservation,
which has been and is being executed and
carried into effect. A part of these Indians
have been removed and a part of them have
not, and this appropriation is to remove the
residue and settle them on their new reserva-
tion.
Mr. COLE. Has the preceding amendment
been agreed to ?
The VICE PRESIDENT,. That amendment
has been agreed to, striking out $10,000.
Mr. COLE. Then perhaps they will need
something.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations does not
make any point on this amendment, and it will
be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I will inquire how many
years this same appropriation to remove these
same Indiaiis into that'valley has been made?
I am informedthat ft has been done for several
years.
Mr. HARLAN. No, sir.
The VICE: PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report: the next amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The nest amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was ou page 70, line seven hun-
dred and six, to strike out "$10,000" and
insert " $5,000 ; " so that the clause will read:
For insurance, transportation, and necessary ex-
penses of the delivery of annuities and provisions to
the Indian tribes in Minnesota and Michigan, $5,000.
Mr. HARLAN. The head of the Indian
department is very clear that $5,000 will not
perform this service. The honorable Senator
from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] knows where
these Indians are located, those of them in
Minnesota, and can explain the matter better
than I can.
Mr. RAMSEY. I only know that the agen-
cies where the annuities are paid and the goods
distributed are far off in the Northwest, two
hundred miles away from a railroad, through
a broken country of lakes, and heavily tim-
bered. I cannot conceive of any amount of
goods being conveyed up there for any propor-
tion of this sum which would belong to the
State of Minnesota. What part belongs to
Minnesota I do not know, but assuming one
half of it 
Mr. POMEROY. How far is it from a rail-
road ? '
Mr. RAMSEY. It is about two hundred
miles from a railroad to Red lake, or to the
crossing of Red Lake river, and one hundred
and fifty miles certainly to Leech lake, and
through a country broken by lakes, heavily
timbered, intermediate between those lakes.
It is a country of difficult navigation and trans-
portation. I imagine thatia afew years arail-
road will enter that country, and then this ap-
propriation may be reduced ; but I think at
this time it would not be proper to reduce it.
Mr. COLE. I think we can hardly find a
place in the United States or the Territories
where it will cost fifty per cent, of the value of
such goods as are purchased for these Indians
to take them to the Indians who are to receive
them. I think it altogether too high.
Mr. HARLAN. The impression that the
honorable Senator would make by that remark
I think is not sustained by the record. The
appropriations for all the Indians in Minnesota
and Michigan are more than $20,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made in Com-
mittee of the Whole, reducing this appropria-
tion from $10,000 to $5,000.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to strike out the
word "insurance" in that clause.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Kansas moves to strike out the word "insur-
ance." Is there objection to that amendment?
Mr. HARLAN. No objection."
Mr. FOWLER. I should object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Chair
will take the sense of the Senate upon it.
Mr. FOWLER. I object, because, as the
appropriation i3 not diminished, of course we
ought to have the fall benefit of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Kan-
sas, to strike out the word "insurance" in
line seventeen hundred and four.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 78, after line seven
hundred and eighty-two, to strike out the fol-
lowing words:
For this amount, to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to pay Alvin N. Blacklidge for services
rendered and money expended in taking the census
of the Cherokee Indians, under the provisions of th,e
twelfth article of the treaty of 1866 with said Indians,
$938 55. - ■ -
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
was reserved by the Senator from Kansas,
[Mr, POMEKOY.] -
Mr. POMEROY. I understood the Senator
from Iowa, the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to state, when this matter was
up the other day, that he had a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior on the sub-
ject, but he could not lay his hands upon it. I
understand the Senator now has that commun-
ication, and if the Senate desire to hear it, it
will give the grounds on which this appropria-
tion is asked. It is to carry out a provision in
the treaty for taking the census of these In-
dians. A contract was made, the census was
taken ; and there is a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior explaining it. The
other day, when the subject was up, the com-
munication was not here.
Mr. HARLAN. The exact amount allowed
for this service was $1,292 70, of which sum
$354 15 has been paid, and the residue sus-
pended for want of funds; and this appropria-
tion is to pay that deficiency.
Mr. COLE. Then it ought to be in the defi-
ciency bill, and not here.
Mr. POMEROY. It does not make any
difference whether it is pat in here or in the
deficiency bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title of this
bill reads, "An act making appropriations,"
&c., "and for other purposes."
Mr. POMEROY. So that it is properly in
here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment striking out this paragraph.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment, in regard to the removal of the Kickapoo
Indians, was agreed to in Committee of the
Whole by the chairmen of the two committees.
Mr. POMEROY. Was it agreed to with an
amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was amended
and agreed to as amended.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well; then it will do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that amendment will be regarded as
concurred in. The Senate have now consid-
ered all the amendments of the two commit-
tees except those proposed as original amend-
ments by the Committee on Indian Affairs, to
come in at the end of page 73. The Secretary
will now report those amendments of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
The Chief Clerk read the following amend-
ment of the Committee on Indian Affairs:
Insert after line seventeen hundred and ninety-
three the following clause:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to enable the Secretary of the Interior
to cause settlements to be made with all persons
appointed by Indian councils to receive moneys due
incompetent or orphan Indians, per act of J ul.v ■>,
1862, (Statutes-at-Largc, volume twelve, pages 523
and 530,) $5,000.
Mr. COLE. Where does that come from ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Indian Affairs. The amendments now
being submitted are original amendments of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, to be found
on page 11 of their printed amendments.
Sir. COLE. I do not know whether it is
right or not. I have had no explanation of it.
Mr. HARLAN. Under various treaties
there are provisions for the appointment of
guardians who become custodians of the money
belonging to minors or incompetent persons,
members of Indian tribes. Some of them are
defaulters, and the Department desire to com-
pel them to a settlement, and have sent to the
Senate, which has been printed among the
executive documents, a request for an appro-
priation of this kind to defray the expense ot'
compelling these custodians who hold the
funds of these wards of the Government to
settle up.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was to insert after line seven-
teen hundred and ninety-three the following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to pay the expenses of holding a "gen-
eral council" of the Cherokee, Creek, Seminole, and
