1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1577
Choctaw anil Chickasaw Indians, in the Indian terri-
tory, as provided by the treaties with said tribes in
1866, for the tiscal year ending June 30,1ST2, $13,509;
Provided, That any other Indian tribe permanently
located in eaiu Indian territory shall be, and is
hereby, authorized to elect and send to said "gen-
eral council" one delegate, and, in addition, one
delegate for each one thousand Indians or frac-
tion of a thousand greater than five hundred, being
members of such tribe, on the same tcrm3 and con-
ditions, and with the same rights and privileges,
including right to compensation, as is provided for
delegates of the tribes hereinbefore mentioned, and
a sufficient sum to pay the per diem and mileage of
. such additional delegates is hereby appropriated.
■ Mr. HARLAN. This is in pursuance of
treaties made with the Cherokees, Choctaws,
Cbickasaws. and Creeks in 18CG.
Mr. POME ROY. Is this for llieir late
council?
Mr. HARLAN. No; for their annual coun-
cil the coming year. The treaty provides that
they shall be authorized to meet in general
council every year, to make rules and regula-
tions for the government of the whole com-
munity.
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire of the
Senator if we have ever made such an appro-
priation as this before ?
Mr. HAItLAN. Yes; it was made last year
for the first time, and the first session of that
council was held during the last autumn or the
beginning of winter.
Mr. POMEROY. How much money does
it take ?
Mr. HARLAN. The amount named is
about thirteen thousand five hundred dollars;
that is for the tribes who are named; but there
are other tribes who have settled in the terri-
tory since, who have been invited to meet them,
the Kiowas, the Comanches, the Wichitas, and
other Indians in the Indian territory.
Mr, COLE. I observe that the amount
appropriated for this purpose last year was
310,000. Now, this amendment, as usual,
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, pro-
poses a larger sum. That is no surprise what-
ever. But if we are to follow the law of last
year, and keep up this Indian congress, I think
the sum of $10,000 is all they ought to ask.
Mr. HARLAN. The treaty provides for so
much a day for each delegate, and limits the
number of delegates proportionately to the
number of Indians in each tribe.
Mr. COLE. But I submit that for these
very Indians we appropriate money elsewhere
in pursuance of treaty obligations, and I pre-
sume they have money enough, independent
of this appropriation, to move themselves to
the place of council.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no doubt that some
of these Indian nations could defray the ex-
penses of their own delegates. If they were
white men there would be no question about
this appropriation at all. When we organize
a Territory for white men, we appropriate
money to pay the salary of a Governor, and
judges, and members of the Legislature, and a
public printer, and everything of that kind, and
there is no question ever raised about paying
the expenses of members of the Legislature.
Why should there be if they happen to be red
men?
Mr. COLE. But those are independent
nations and they ought to bo able to maintain
their own Legislature. We treat with them as
independent Powers, and now we are called
upon to bear the expense of their congress as
well as our own.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment, which I think will
come in appropriately at this place. I want
to test the Senate to see whether there is a
real, bona fide disposition to enter upon the
work of civilizing these Indians. I offer this
proposition in good faith. It has been sug-
gested to me that I ought to propose a plan.
I take the plan which is proposed by the Com-
mittee on Territories after a careful examina-
tion. I take a portion of their bill, two or
three sections, that portion ot it which is
absolutely necessary for the purpose of the
civilization of the Indians. I call the special
attention of the Senate to the proposition.
After it is read I have some remarks to make
on the subject. I ask the Clerk to read my
amendment.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the
amendment to the amendment to the amend-
ment, which was to add the following sec-
tions :
, 5? it further enacted. That there sballbe a local
land office established in the Indian Territory, at
tbfc capital thereof, under existing laws on that sub-
ject, and a surveyor general, register, and receiver
appointed therefor, for the same terms and at the
same salaries as are now fixed by law for like officers
in the district of Nevada; and the individual selec-
tions hereinafter referred to shall be made under the
direction of the register and receiver of said office,
who shall have authority to decide all questions and
differences arising in relation to said selections, and
whose decision thereupon shall bo final, subject only
to appeal to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office and Secretary of the Interior, as under exist-
ing laws. The said register and receiver, during said
selections, may temporarily remove their office to
the different localities in which said selections are
being or to be made, under permission and authority
of the Commissioner of the General Land O&cc.
Said register and receiver shall be paid the usual
salary and lees, the same to be paid by the United
States and deducted from the proceeds of the sales
of the lands of the respective tribes.
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Interior shall, as early as practicable, cause the
lands in the said Territory to besurveyed, andmem-
bers of tribes, represented in the Legislative Council
provided for by this act, shall bo permitted to select
lands for themselves, or those they may represent, in
severalty, under the regulations hereinafter pre-
scribed.
And be it further enacted, That every member of
the tribe, whether male or female, adult or minor,
shall have the right to select one quarter-section of
land, and if in actual possession or occupancy of land
improved or cultivated by him or her, shall have a
prior right to riie qunrter-seetion in which his or her
improvement lies. Every infant shall have selected
for him or her a quarter-section of land in such loca-
tion as the father of such infant, or if there be no
father living then the mother or guardian shall
select; and any missionary who has been engaged in
missionary labor for five consecutive years immedi-
ately preceding the passage of this act, in any of the
said tribes, shaii be permitted to select one quarter-
section for a permanent home; and where any re-
ligious society has heretofore erected any permanent
building for religious or educational purposes upon
any of the said lands, a quantity of land, not now
occupied and improved by others, entitled to selec-
tion, including such building, and not exceeding
six hundred and forty acres, to be designated by the
said society or denomination, shall not be subject to
selection or sale under the provisions of this act, but
shallbereserved fortheuseof saidsociety ordenom-
ination.
And be it further enacted. That selections shall be
made by an entry withtheregister of the land office
according to regulations to be prescribed therefor
by the Secretary of the Interior, and the selections
shall be made to contorm to the legal subdivisions
of the lands as shown by the surveys. Selections
shall not be made upon any portion of thesixteenth
and thirty-sixth sections, which are hereby reserved
lor school purposes, uor upon any land included in
any grant of public Land:* heretofore made by act of
Congress, orby treaty authorized by actof Congress,
in aid ot the construction of railways, the lines of
which traverse said Territory, and a plat of whoso
route shall have been filed in the office of the Com-
missioner of the Gener-il Land Office prior to notice
by the register, as hereinafter proscribed, of the sur-
vey of the lauds aucoied thereby: Provided, That
when any member of a tribe is, at the time of the
passage of this act, occupying and has improved
and cultivated any of the lands above exempted,
he may select the quarter-section containing said
improvements.
And be it /v.rther enacted, That the right of selec-
tion shall extend to all persons who have, previous
to the passage ot this act, becomemembers of either
of said tribes by adoption or intermarriage; and
frecdmen and persons of color, male and female,
infants and adults, residing, at the time of the pas-
sage of this act, within the limits of the reservation
of any tribe in said Territory shall have the same
rights of selections from the public lands of said
tribo as the members thereof. .
be it furth-jr enacted, That said selections shall
bo made by the inhabitants of each tribe or nation
within one year after the survey of tho occupied
portions of the reservation ot such tribe or nation;
tho said year to begin 10 run from the published no-
tico of the register of the laud office that the survey
of a certain tract or tracts is completed and ready
lor such selections, which notice shall be published
in one or more newspaper* in thoStates of Missouri
and Arkansas, Texas and Kansas, anil in the Indian
Territory, and aiso posted in such places within the
surveyed tract as shall, in tho opinion of the regis-
ter, bo best calculated to give it publicity among the
inhabitants of said tract. .
And be it further enacted. That after flic expiration
ol tho period fur making selections in severalty as
herein provided, no tribe within said Territory shall
havo any further right of occupancy to any ot the
lands within tho limits of tho tract opened to selec-
tion by tho noticc of the register, and not then
selected or applied lor; but each individual making a
selection in severalty shall receive from the Govern-
ment of the United States a patentconveying to him
full and complete title to the tract selected, except
that such patent shall contain a condition forbidding
the alienation of the same fur tho period often
years.
And be it further enacted, That the residue of said
lands which shall have been offered for selection
and not selected as herein authorized, shall bo
deemed public lands of the United States, and shall
be disposed of by the Government of the United
States, and the proceeds held in trust for the benefit
of said Indian tribes or nation? to which they had
been severally reserved. Said lands shall be sold as
other public lands at a price not less than $1 25 per
acre; and whenever alternate sections have been
granted in aid of railroads or other works of internal
improvement, the remaining sections shall bear a
minimum price of £2 5'J per acre: Provided, That
where any member of a tribe shall, at the time of
tho passage of this act. in accordance with the local
laws and regulations of such tribe now in force, have
placed improvements of a permanent character upon
more than ®ne quaiter-section within the reserva-
tion, said member shall have the prior right, for the
period of one year after said lands shall have been
opened for sale, to purchase at the minimum prices
above stated each quarter-section containing said
improvements and not selected by him; and any
infant or married woman for whom no selection shall
have been made within the year herein allowed for
making selections shall have the privilege at any
time thereafter to make his or her selection out of
any unsold lands to which no preemptive or other
right shall have previously attached. The proceeds
ot said sales, after deducting the expenses incidental
thereto, shall be placcd to the credit of said Indian
tribes on the books ot the Treasury of the United
States, and shall bear interest at the rate of five per
cent, per annum until otherwise disposed of by lav.
and the intcrcstso accruing shall constitute a special
fund to be expended annually under the direction
of the Secretary ot the Interior for the benefit of the
tribe to which the same belongs in the general edu-
cation of its members, and in instructing them ia
agricultural and mechanical pursuits, and furnish-
ing to them the necessary implements and material
for carrying on these branches of industry.
Before the reading was concluded,
Mr. ANTHON14 Will the Senator from
Nevada allow me to appeal to him ? It is
manifest to every one that we cannot pass upon
a measure of this kind now. It seems to me
it is only consuming time and throwing over
into the next session the necessary legislation
of this session. It is utterly impossible for us
to consider that proposition. It would require
four days' discussion before a man here could
vote intelligently upon it.
Mr. COLE, I also appeal to the Senator
from Nevada to let us go on and finish this
appropriation bill.
Mr. STEWART. I regard this as a very
important proposition. I shall not occupy any
time on the rest of the bill, but I do want to
have a few minutes on this very important
proposition. It is more important than all
the rest of the bill. It is the only thing in the
bill for the civilization of the Indians. I want
to say a few words with regard to it.. I am in
good faith about it; but if I cannot be heard
on that, then 
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senator to yield
to a motion for a recess, so as to have an even-
ing session and complete the bill.
Mr. STEWART. We had better go right on.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator from Nevada will yield for that purpose.
I am very tired myself.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope there will not he
any recess. I think we had better sit this bill
out this evening. I iiope tho Senator from
California will hold the Senate here until this
bill is passed, if we have to stay till sunrise.
Mr. POMEROY. He will find himself with-
out a quorum pretty soon.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then we shall send for
the absent Senators.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
take a recess.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada is on the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. He has yielded for that
PUThe VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nevada yield the floor to allow a
motion for a recess.
Mr. STEWART. No; I do not. I want to
go right on with the bill.
