1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
desires that this tax should continue longer
than one year.
Mr. President, I am not to be frightened by
the bugaboo, conjured up at the last moment,
about the unconstitutionality of the tax. We
hear all sorts of adjectives applied to this tax
as the most odious, unnecessary, inquisitorial,
and unconstitutional of all taxes. Taxes, in
any form, are ever odious, and yet may be
necessary. Why, sir, when did the time exist
when the most eminent lawyers could not be
found to give a certificate that any measure
was constitutional or unconstitutional? Law-
yers differ, and good lawyers, too, among
themselves as much as other people. Is it to
be supposed, after we have levied this tax for
eight years, that it is now just found out, when
we are almost ready to part with it, that it is
unconstitutional ? Are Senators ready to give
even the slightest countenance to the idea that
this tax is unconstitutional, and thereby bar
ourselves for all future time from employing
such a resource as this, even though the emer-
gency should be as overwhelming for its em-
ployment as it recently has been ? Our neces-
sities compelled us even to impose this tax
twice in one year during the recent war.
May not the time come again when we may
experience the necessity of resorting to this
tax? Are gentlemen ready to stigmatize this
tax as unconstitutional for the mere temporary
purpose of the hour, of getting rid of one half
of it—nay not so much as one half of it, for
only one third of it remains—for the short
period of one year more? 1 do not believe that
Senators will soberly resort to any such argu-
ment for the mere purpose of carrying this
measure at this time.
I think the argument of the Senator from
Connecticut went far more against the admin-
istration of this income tax than against the
tax itself. If the officers who are employed
to levy and collect the tax have flinched from
their duty, that is no argumentagainst the tax
itself, but an argument in favor of a better
administration.
1 am free to say, while I hope we shall be
able soon to rely upon the tariff and upon the
revenue from tobacco and spirits for all our
revenue, that there are some other taxes which
I should be prepared to surreuder as soon, if
not before, i should be willing to surrender
the income tax. There are some thorns that
stick out prominently in the tariff that I should
be quite willing to clip off as soon as we can
sunender the revenue. The increased taxes
upon sugar, tea, coffee, salt, and coal, and on
woolen manufactures and cotton manufactures,
were imposed in time of war, and upon some
manufactures they were imposed as a mere
compensation for the taxes that were imposed
in tbe internal revenue bills upon home manu-
factures. The internal revenue taxes having
been repealed, the only excuse for them hav-
ing been removed, I should be prepared at the
earliest moment the revenue can be spared,
for one, to remove those thorns that stick out
and fret the public in the tariff. But 1 do not
myself believe that we are prepared at this
moment to surrender taxes in any direction
until we have seen what the effect of the hills
passed a! the last session will be, nor until we
get our large debt funded at a lower rate of
interest.
Mr. President, I am aware that the minds
of Senators are made up. We^ expect that
gentlemen on the Democratic side will vote
against all taxes, and, in order to make their
votes consistent and symmetrical, they will
vote against all bills, perhaps, for supporting
the Government. Tliey have no responsibility
for the present Administration, and, perhaps,
can afford it. On our own side of the Cham-
ber we find some Senators who are ready to
vote for almost every appropriation bill, every
bill that takes money out of the Treasury, and
yetare equally in favor of a repeal of all taxes,
no matter where or when they may come up.
Those gentlemen may be called the round-
toed gentlemen. We have only a few square
toes left here, who seem to be in favor of keep-
ing the Government upon a solid basis. The
difference between a solid Government and a
weak one is that a solid Government confines
its expenditures within its receipts. The dif-
ference between a solid man and a bankrupt
is that the solid man confines his expend-
itures far within his resources. Now, sir, I
trust that we shall not only maintain our con-
fidence in the Secretary of the Treasury, which
he deserves, but that we shall keep our own
Government on a solid foundation. How shall
we appear a year or two hence before the world
and before our own constituents with such a
budget as this; tha?while we have been suc-
cessful beyond all comparison for a long series
of years, at last we show our incompetency
from having voted mere money out of the
Treasury than there is coming into it. I am
for maintaining the credit of the Government
in its utmost solidity, believing that that is the
true way and in the shortest time most largely
and successfully to reduce taxation.
With these brief remarks, Mr. President, I
am ready to submit the measure to its fate.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Seuate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. CONKLING and Mr. STEWART. Oh,
no ; let us vote on this bill.
Mr. HARLAN. We cannot get a vote;
there are other Senators who desire to speak.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business. ["No!"
'•No!"]
Mr. STEWART. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Iowa insist on the motion?
Mr.
nays.
CORBETT. I call for the yeas and
I think 'we had better
We cannot get a vote
Mr. SHERMAN.
finish this bill.
Mr. POMEROY.
now.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask the Senator from Iowa
to withdraw the motion, so that if there are
other gentlemen who desire to speak on this
question, and we cannot take a vote to night,
we may at least fix some time to-morrow when
we may vote.
Mr. "HARLAN. I have no objection to per-
mitting the honorable Senator to ascertain that
fact if he can.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa withdraws his motion for the present.
The Senator from Pennsylvania desires to
submit a proposition to the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSTON. With the leave of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, I wish now to offer
the substitute which I had printed yesterday.
I believe it was not formally in order then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was not. The
Senator from Virginia now moves, as a substi-
tute for the pending bill, the amendment which
was submitted by him yesterday, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not know how many other
Senators desire to speak on this question, but
probably we can ascertain that fact for the
purpose of fixing a time when we may take a
vote on the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not go on this after-
noon?
Mr. SCOTT. I should prefervery much to
have a vote this afternoon; but of course,
having introduced this bill, I do not desire to
prevent any gentleman who wishes to speak
having that opportunity ; and if it is probable
that we cannot reach a vote this afternoon,
then I ask that two o'clock to-morrow be fixed
as the time at which the vote shall be taken.
Mr. CORBETT. To-morrow is the day
fixed for the consideration of the steamship
bills, and I think we had better progress with
the pending bill as far as possible, and see if
we cannot obtain a vote upon it to-day. 1
desire to submit a few remarks upon it.
Mr. SCOTT. I submit to the Senator from
Oregon, as he is a friend of those steamship
bills, that if this bill goes over as the unfin-
ished business to-day, it will postpone those
bills longer than it would to take a vote this
afternoon or to fix a time to-morrow.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to those who are
in favor of this bill that they had better go
right on and take a vote upon it to-day if they
want to pass it. I am in favor of the bill, and
I want to vote upon it. I do not propose to
occupy any time in talking.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania desire the Chair to
submit his proposition to the Senate or does
he waive it?
Mr. SCOTT. I would prefer ascertaining
the sense of the Senate on taking the vote this
evening, and we can ascertain that on the
motion of tbe Senator from Iowa to go into
executive session.
Mr. CONKLING. Hardly, if my friend will
allow me, because there are some Senators,
perhaps, who would not like to vote against any
motion made by the Senator from Iowa which
might concern his convenience in some way or
other. I think the Senator from Pennsylvania
had better make the test in some other way ;
and, as I have interrupted the Senator, if he
will allow me, I should like to join my voice
with that of the Senator from Nevada. I, too,
am in favor of this bill, and I should like to
vote, although I should be very glad also to
submit some observations to the Senate upon
it; but I would very much rather forego that
opportunity for the sake of a vote than to have
the bill go over for the sake of a debate. Sen-
ators must see that if it goes over until to-
morrow, which is fixed for the steamship
bills, the time afterward being liable at any
moment to be occupied by a privileged ques-
tion, a question of very high privilege, com-
ing from Georgia, it goes over to some day
distant, we know not how far.
It seems to me we understand this question
thoroughly, and we had better vote upon it,
and vote to day. On the last two occasions
when the vote was taken, the hour was f«r in
the night and the Senate was very thin. I think
now, if the vote should be taken to-day, nearly
every Senator will record his name; and as far
as my friend who has the bill in charge will
listen to a suggestion, 1 beg of him to hold on
and let us see if we cannot get a vote on this
bill now.
Mr. SCOTT. I am perfectly ready to have
a vote.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to submit a very
few remarks on this bill. I have no prepared
speech to make. I shall not probably occupy
over fifteen or twenty minutes.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, I know of others who intend to
make brief speeches ; so I think it is not prob-
able that the vote can be taken this evening
unless we should consent to sit to a very late
hour. I therefore think it would be better, by
common consent, to go into executive session.
There are some messages to be presented and
some business that ought to be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Iowa is before the Senate if
he insists upon it, as he yielded to allow this
interlocutory debate.
Mr. STEWART. If we go into executive
session now will this bill bo the unfinished
business for to morrow?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be.
Mr. STEWART. Then I hope the Senate
will stick to it now until we get through with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senate
should nowgointoexecutivesession or adjourn
this bill will be the unfinished business, super-
seding the special order, or rather having pre-
cedence of the special order for to-morrow.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I renew the motion
to proceed to the consideration of executive
bBMr.eSCJMNER and Mr. STEWART called
