144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
Ho. of Beps.
Claim, of MoOarrahan—Mr. Bingham.
41st Cons....3d Sess.
Commissioner and liis bureau until last July,
■when the Committee on the Judiciary was
noticed by the memorialist, through his coun-
sel, that he had discovered that thore was a
record of such a patent. The committee
demanded the production of the record, and
when it was brought before us it was in all
respects a record of a perfect patent, save the
name of the recorder of the General Land
Office, I admit that without the Recorder's
name Hwas not a perfect patent, but I assert,
on the other hand, as a lawyer, that, under the
laws of vhe United States, when the President
had signed it, it was the duty of the recorder
to countersign it and see that it was sealed and
recorded ; and once recorded and examined,
aa it was, no man had a right to alter or muti-
late it.
Bat, sir, the record was brought before us
mutilated—mutilated as no otherrecord of that
office ever was mutilated before; mutilated by
pencil lines drawn across the names of the Pres-
ident and his Secretary ; by pencil lines drawn
across the date and year of its signature; by a
pencil line also drawn across the word "act-
ing," and across the word "eighty-seventh,"
(year of the independence of the United States.)
When we called the witness before us, Wil-
liam II. Lowry, he swears that he did not
know when he did it, but he knows he did
it about the time indicated by the pencil
mark; that he could only identify the time by
the pencil date on the record. His attention
was called to the fact that there was no " pen-
cil date on the recordyethesays, "the only
way I can identify tho time" is the "pencil
date on the record." This mutilator of this
record further says, on oath, that "for the
last four years and now he has been and is
in the employment of the New Idria Mining
Company," for the purpose of pressing their
claim to a patent for a three-quarter section,
or four hundred and eighty acres, of the land
covered by the recorded patent.
In view of this fact, let the House pass upon
the question whether it will order the restora-
tion of this record as proposed in the first
branch of the joint resolution.
Mr. KKIiE. The gentleman should bear in
mind that Lowry did not become an attorney
in this case until he left the service of the
United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. That maybe ; but it does*
not alter the case at all. The gentleman can-
not escape this fact, that the Commissioner
of the General Land Office certifies to the
committee, under the seal of his office, " that
on the said record pencil lines are drawn across
the date, the names of the President and Pres-
ident's secretary, and the words 'not signed'
are also written in pencil on said record;"
but he does not certify that a line was drawn
across the word "acting," or the word
" eighty-seventh;" yet when the record comes
to us on the 27th of July, 1870, there is a line
drawn across the word "acting," and the
word "eighty-seventh." When was that done?
The Commissioner says it was not done on the
2oth of July, 1870, the date of his certificate;
yet Lowry, with the record lying before him,
swears that he made all those lines. Although
not still a clerk, he had access to that office,
and was then prosecuting the claim of the
New Idria Company for a patent for fourhun*
dred and eighty acres of the land included in
this patent of record to Gomez.
Let the House also bear in mind that this
Commissioner of the General Land Office,
Joseph S. Wilson, who concealed the fact of
the existence of the record of the patent
four years ago from the committee of this
House, and refused at the same time a copy
of the patent when it was his duty to furnish
it to the committee, apparently not to be out-
done by even the attorney of the New Idria
Company in the mutilation of this record,
wrote across its face, on the 25th of July,
1870, the following:
Department of ran Interior,
General Land Office, July 25, 1870.
This record, from pages 312 to 321, inclusive, was
made in accordance with the custom at the time, in
anticipation of the original being submitted to the
officers whose duty it is, under the law, to sign land
patents; but an order dated March 13, 1863, having
been received from the acting Secretary of the In-
terior, to "suspend tho execution and delivery of
the patent under the decision of" tho " Department
of the 4th" of March, 1863, "until further advised
in the case by the Secretary," the form of patent
which had been prepared, and from which the afore-
said record was made, was not submitted for signa-
ture, and has never been dated, signed, nordelivered.
JOS, S. WILSON, Commissioner.
J. N. GRANGE. Recorder.
The miserable device was resorted to by this
Commissioner and Lowry, the attorney of the
New Idria, to show that it was the custom to
make records and thus mutilate them. It
utterly failed; and I denounce it here and now
a fraud and failure, and declare that, although
asked for, no other case than this of mutila-
tion of the record has come to the knowledge
of the committee. As it is the first, I trust
it will be the last outrage of this kind upon
the law and the rights of the people. A cus-
tom, indeed, of mere clerks, to set aside the
law of the people, which forbids a record to
be made of a patent for land until signed by
the President, and when recorded forbids its
mutilation! There is not, nor can there be
while the law remains, any such custom.
I deem it my duty to say to the House and
the country that the Commissioner who thus,
in violation of law, mutilated this record be-
fore he furnished it to the committee, testified
before the committee, after being duly sworn,
that he did not know that this statement, so
written by him upon the face of the record, to
wit: "The form of patent which had been pre-
pared, and from which the aforesaid record was
made, was not submitted for signature, and has
never been dated or signed," was true, that he
had no knowledge on the subject, that is to say,
he swears that he did not know there was the
shadow of truth in what he wrote on the face
of this record. Tho Interior Department had
been notified, January 28, 1870, that the New
Idria Mining Company had stipulated on the
record of the Judiciary Committee to make
no demand for the execution of their rights
from the executive department of the Gov-
ernment, nor receive any execution of the
same until final action upon the report of the
Judiciary Committee of this House by this
Congress, without the assent of the committee
first obtained." Yet, on the 17th of Septem-
ber, 1870, in contravention of this stipulation,
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
Joseph S. Wilson, (lid make a decision in favor
of the New Idria Mining Company, in which,
among other things, he says:
Department or the Interior.
General LaSd Office. September 17,1870.
Sir: In accordance with the instructions of the
honorable Secretary, this office has, in the ordinary
course of business, and after due notice, taken up
and considered an auplication made by the New
Idria Mining Company for a patent under the act
of Congress approved July 20,1866, (14 Stat., 251-2,)
for tour hundred and eighty acres of mineral land
situate in townships seventeen and eighteen south,
of range twelve east, Mount Diablo meridian, Cali-
fornia.
It appears that this New Idria interest falls with-
in the alleged limits of the Gomez Panoche Grande
claim, as shown by the diagram herewith.
In the Secretary's decision of August 13,1870, the
Gomez claim is held to be invalid in virtue of the
judgment of the Supreme Court of the United States,
(3 and 9 Wallace, pages 752 and 293.) and other pro-
ceedings specially referred to in said ruling. ~ *
* * It is accordingly ruled by this office that
the proceedings of said New Idria Mining Company,
under the act of July 26, 186'3, being in compliance
with said statute and free from any valid adverse
title, the said New Idria Mining Company has met
tho requirements of the statute giving authority for
the issuing of a patent. * * * * *
Hon. J. D. Cox, Secretary of the Interior.
It seems clear that the Commissioner did
what he could to secure a patent to the New
Idria Company while the question was pend-
ing in Congress during its recess, and in viola-
tion of the stipulation of that company with
the committee. But I have said enough on
that subject; I trust the House will decide that
the record shall be restored. I ask this House
to vote directly on the question whether the
records of the people which are the evidences
of their titles under the Government shall be
sacred in the depositories of the nation from
the polluting touch of any hireling, of any man
or association, who may have an interest in
mutilating them, It is useless for gentlemen
to inquire what benefit is to result from the
adoption of such a resolution; it is sufficient
to say that it will vindicate the inviolability of
the records of titles to the people.
The other proposition of the minority reso-
lution is that—
The President of the United States is hereby
authorized and required to do in the premises what-
ever may, in his judgment.be just and equitable
without regard to any action or proceeding had sub-
sequent to the 14th day of Maroh, 1863, the date of
the patent recorded.
This is a patent recorded, although it is
imperfect in the absence of the name of the
recorder. This is admitted to be a patent
recorded in the very words of (he law of the
United States, the record bearing, as it does,
the name of the President of the United States.
Some gentlemen ask, "Where is the evidence
that the President ever signed it?" Sir, where
is the evidence that he did not? The name of
the President being borne on the record, the
necessary implication of law in the absence of
countervailing evidence is that he did sign it,
because no man had the right to put his name
on the record till he had signed it. What
the law requires to be done, if appearing of
record, must be presumed to have been right-
fully done. A record imports absolute verity.
What evidence can prevail against it?
The United States land commissioners, on
the 6th of March, 1855, found and placed it of
record that Gomez had before them, "given
satisfactory proof of the existence and loss of
the grant" to him by Mexico of the place
Panoche Grande. On appeal from the com-
missioners to the United States district court
for the southern district of California, the fol-
lowing decree was entered as of the 5th of
June, 1857, when the decree was ordered to
be entered:
In the district court of the United States for tho
southern district of California. Decree filed Feb-
ruary 5,1858, as of June 5, 1857. Vicente P.Gomez,
appellant, ah. The United States, appellees. Case
No. 393.—"Panoche Grande." Transcript No. 5u9.
This causo came on to be heard on appeal from
the decision of the United States board of land com-
missioners to ascertain and settle the private land
claims in the State of California, under an act of
Congress approved March 3,1851, on a transcript of
the decision and proceedings of said board, and the
papers and evidence upon which said decision was
made, and the other evidence adduced by the appel-
lant before this court; and it appearing to the court
that said transcript and notice of intention to appoal
have been duly filed according to law, and counscl
for the respective parties having been heard, it is
ordered, adjudged, and decreed that decision of said
board of land commissioners be, and the same is
hereby, reversed, and that the claim of said appel-
lant is good a,nd valid, and the same is hereby con-
firmed to him. as follows, to wit: the tract of land
situated in the county of Fresno, State of California,
known by the name of " Panoche Grande," bounded
northerly by the lands of Don Julian Ursua, south-
erly by the serrania, easterly by the valley of Tu-
lares, and westerly by the lands of Don Francisco
Arias, containing four square leagues of land and
no more: provided tha.tquantity is contained within
the.boundaries aforesaid, that confirmation of such
less quantity is hereby made to said claimant; and
for a more particular description of which said land
reference is hereby made to the map contained m
the transciipt in this case: and it also appealing
that, heretofore, to wit, on the 5th dav of June, A.
D. 1857, at a regular term of this court, hidden in tho
town of Monterey, State of California, ttie claim of
the appellant in this case had been confirmed by
this court, but that it had been omitted by tho court
