752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered ;
and, being taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 28;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Boreman.Brownlow, Cra-
gin, Edmunds, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Howell, Mc-
Creery, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy,
Pool, Pratt, Rice, Schurz, Sherman, Sprague, Tip-
toa,Vickers, "Warner, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and
Y ates—26.
M AYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Cole,
Oonkiing, Corbett, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Ilamlin, Johnston,
Sye, Osborn, Ramsey, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott,
Stearns. Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, and Thur-
man—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler. Davis. Fen-
ton, Berry, Gilbert, Harris, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Revels, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Speneer, Thayer, and Trumbull—18.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Oregon [Mr. Corbett] is entitled to the floor
on the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I shall
occupy the attention of the Senate for but a few
minutes, in the hope that we may come to a
vote on this bill. I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to the income of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1871. The
speeches that have been made heretofore have
been made upon the estimates of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1872.
According to the estimates of the Secretary
of the Treasury for the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1871, the surplus on the 1st of
July next will be $08,500,000. This has not
been taken into account by any of the Sen-
ators who have debated this question here-
tofore. It is shown, by the Secretary's own
statement, that the income from customs for the
first quarter of this fiscal year was $57,000-
000. He estimates the income from that
source for the remaining three quarters at
only $128,000,000, a little over double what it
was for the first quarter. Of course he takes
into consideration the induction of the duties,
which has gone into effect, and which amounts
to about twenty-three million dollars per an-
num; but there will not be so great a reduc-
tion as he has made in his estimate for the
remaining three quarters of the fiscal year.
Therefore I believe that the surplus for the
year ending Juno 30, 1871, will bo at least
$75,000,000.
Now, sir, the estimates of the Secretary of
the Treasury himself for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1872, show a surplus of $10,000,000
for that, year, after deducting the amount re-
quired for the interest on the public debt, the
capital of the sinking fund, and the interest
upon the capital for the sinking fund. How
much does that amount to ? In the first place,
lie estimates the duties on imports to yield
$175,000,000, after deducting the $23,000,000
reduction from the aggregate duties on imports
effected by the law of last session, allowing
only four per cent, as the annual increase of
dutiable goods imported, which is fully justified
by past experience. The surplus carried over
from this fiscal year will by the next year reach
§78,999,000. That is §3,999,000 more than the
STCjOOO,000 already mentioned as the probable
surplus ; and I have no doubt the actual result
will exceed this estimate. Taking that at
$3,999,000, ornearly fourmillion dollars; then
the sinking fund, $24,500,000 ; then the inter-
est on that sinking fund, $4,866,000; then the
acknowledged surplus, which he estimates at
$10,778,090; then the probable reduction in
the expenses for public works, which he esti-
mates at a little over twenty-two million dol-
lars, whereas the amount appropriated last
year was $12,000,000, leaving $10,338,000,
and adding these amounts together you will
find the surplus of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1872, to be §54,503,000.
Add that to the amount of surplus revenue
for the year ending June 30, 1871, which is
$08,500,000, by the Secretary's own estimates,
and you have a surplus of $123,000,000 for the
two yc-ars ending June 30, 1871, and June 30,
1872. If you deduct the $10,000,000 annually
to be derived for the next two years from the
income tax, you have a surplus of $100,000,000
for the two years. Is not that enough? It
seems to me that it isi
Mr. President, the repeal of this tax is a
question which I fully discussed at the last ses-
sion of Congress. I then advocated its repeal.
I believe that the tax is doing us great injury.
I believe that if it is persisted in the ques-
tion of its constitutionality will be carried
to the Supreme Court of the United States.
If it should be decided there that the tax is
unconstitutional, what will be the result ? The
result will be that you can never assess such a
tax again without amending your Constitution.
Do you wish to bring the question to that
point? Is it not better to repeal this tax at
this time and have these suits withdrawn and
not presented to the Supreme Court of the
United States ? Would it not be better in case
you should have a war again, when you might
desire to impose this tax again, to have it free
from this embarrassment, so that you could
impose it ?
The effect of the tax upon the people has
been bad. It is very objectionable indeed, and
they are crying out against it; those who pay
the tax and those who do not pay it.
If we can come to a vote now on this ques-
tion, I will make no further remarks, simply
submitting these estimates, which I have care-
fully examined and which it seems to me are
correct.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the substitute proposed by the Senator from
Virginia, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the bill and in lieu thereof
to inseit the following:
That all acts and paitsof acts establishing the
department of internal revenue and providing Un-
tile collection of internal taxes be, and the same are
hereby, repealed, exceptso much thereof as provides
for tllo issue and sale ofstamps upon writings.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That stumps on
writings bo issued as now provided by law, bat that
each and every deputy postmaster m the Unijed
States and Territories bo, and they ate hereby,
appointed agents for the sale of said stamps, under
regulations to bo prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury. This act shall take cilcct un the 1st day
of July, 1871.
Mr. HOWELL. Mr. President, it is very
disagreeable to me to be under the necessity
of making any remarks to protract this dis-
cussion and to delay the vote, which seems to
be so earnestly desired by a majority of the
Senate. If I were in the majority I would not
speak; but being in the minority here, as I
apprehend from the vote that has already been
taken, I feel it my duty in some sense to make
a few remarks in justification of the vote I
shall give.
I shall not go into the subject of the income
tax. That was fully debated at the last ses-
sion, and the people of the country at the last
general elections fully approved, as I think,
the course and policy of the Administration
and of Congress on the subject of the income
tax. I think we have bad the verdict of the
people at large on this question already. I do
not like to come here and sit in silence and
hear Senator after Senator rise upon this floor,
in the face of that verdict of the people, duly
recorded, and tell us that the people demand,
that the people are clamorous for the repeal
of the income tax. I deny it in toto. I deny
that the slightest evidence of the demand of
the people of the country at large can be pro-
duced in favor of the repeal of this income tax.
It is monstrous to assume it. We have no
petitions here coming from the people at large;
we have no expressions of the people at large
in State conventions, in State Legislatures, or
in public meetings of any number or respect-
ability. Then, how are we advised of this
demand of the people of the country for the
repeal of the income tax? How are we im-
pressed or to be impressed with this demand?
Is it possible that the people of this country
are aroused and in arms almost, demanding
the repeal of this tax, which does not fall
upon them, and which is no burden whatever
to the masses of the people of this country,
and which it has been asserted here over and
over again by Senators on the other side is
confined to some fifty thousand persons in
the country ? Are the masses of the people
aroused all over this country in favor of these
fifty thousand, whose fortunes do not affect
the people? Are they so sympathetic, do they
take it so to heart that these rich men, amply
able to pay taxes, with ample property and
ample income to pay taxes, have to pay them ?
I deny that the people are so sympathetic : I
deny that the people are impressed with the idea
that this is an unjust tax, or an odious tax, or
that any considerable number of the people
have made any assertion whatever to that
effect.
I do believe, I do know that a number of
the capitalists who pay this tax, and who ought
to pay this tax, and some others who ought to
pay the tax, but do not—I know that presses
in their interest, that newspapers and news-
paper companies who have their own individ-
ual interests at stake, and who represent these
capitalists and their desires, have been clam-
oring for the repeal of this tax. I know that
they have denounced over and over again, iu
the mass and individually, Senators and mem-
bers of Congress who insist upon the retention
of this income tax. I know that in that way
those newspapers which circulate throughout
the community, and have a very great influ-
ence in the country, have, so far as their
columns are concerned, inpressed an appear-
ance of such a sentiment; but I deny that the
masses of the people have been at all affected
by it. I deny that there is any public senti-
ment of the masses of the people anywhere
throughout this broad land in favor of the
repeal of this income tax, and I defy the proof
to the contrary. It has not been presented ;
it cannot be presented. The whole effort, the
whole ciamor, is in the interest and for the
benefit of the capitalists who pay, and who
ought to pay this tax, and not made by the
people, nor in the interests of the people in
any respect whatever.
And, sir, it was for this purpose mainly, to
deny that it was the demand of the people,
that I rose. I am with the people as a gen-
eral rule, and I am always disposed to comply
with their demands unless they interfere with
my convictions of constitutional duty. It was
therefore mainly to deny that there is any
proof of this alleged demand from the people
anywhere that I rose to sneak on this occasion.
I remember when I went home from the ses-
sion of Congress last summer, and the political
campaign was about to come on, that some
Democratic newspapers out our way began to
find fault with Congressforreducingthe income
tax. Those Democratic papers insisted that
Congress had been acting iu the interest of cap-
italists, and had reduced the income tax. I
replied that every Democratic Senator on this
floor voted then in the interests of capitalists
for the repeal of the income tax; and the
Democratic newspapers dried up in due defer-
ence to the Democratic leaders here. But they
started out with the idea, which at once strikes
everybody, that it was in the interest of capi-
talists that the income tax was reduced, and
that it would be in the interest of capitalists
that it should bo repealed.
A word now as to the propriety, as to the
justice, as to the policy of an income tax. Is
it not right and politic that the property of the
country should bear the burdens of the taxa-
tion of the country? Is it not, as a general
rule, true that the property of the country is
that which is supported and defended by the
Government of the country ; that it generally
makes its expenditures for the promotion ot'
the prosperity which increases and protects
property and remunerates capitalists?
The principle that property and income, as
a general rule, are to support the Government
