mi.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
41st Cong....3d Sbss.
Claim of McGarrahan—Mr. Bingham.
Ho. of Reps.
to sign the decree of confirmation at the time the
same was made, it is therefore further ordered by
this court tb at the same be signed now as for then.
_ Given under my hand, in open court, 5th day of
February, A. D. 1858.
ISAAC S. K. OGIEK,
United States District Judge
for the Southern District of California.
Siled this 5th February, 1858, for the 5th June, 1857,
0. SIMS. Clerk. 4
Per J. H. COLEMAN, Ucpuly.
After the entering up of this decree, to wit,
March 15, 1858, the following notice of appeal
was entered in said court:
In thedistrictcourt ofthe United States for thesouth-
ern district of California, Los Angelos, December
term, 1857.
On motion of P.Ord, attorney ofthe United States
for the southern district of California, it is ordered
by the court that appeal to the Supreme Court of
the United States be allowed the United States in
the following cause, namely, No. 393, Vicente P.
Gomez vs. The United States, decided June 5,1857.
C. SIMS, Clerk.
Per j. h. COLEMAN, Deputy.
Filed March 15, 1858.
The case was appealed to the Supreme Court
of the United States, December term, 1858,
was therein docketed and dismissed, and a
mandate issued out of the Supreme Court of
the United States as follows:
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 8s.—THE PRESIDENT OF
THE UNITED STATES
To the honorable the judges ofthe district court of the
United States for the southern district of California,
■greeting:
Whereas lately, in the district court of the United
States for the southern district of California, before
you,in acausebetweenVicenteP. Gomez, appellant,
and tho United States appellees, wherein a decree
was rendered in favor of said appellant; whereupon
the said appellees prayed an appeal, which was al-
lowed by the said district court, to remove the said
•cause to the Supreme Court of the United States, as
by the inspection of the transcript of the record of
said district court, which was brought into the Su-
preme Court of the United States agreeably to the act
of Congress and the rules of the said Supreme Court
in such case made and provided, fully and at large
appears; and whereas in the presentterm of Decem-
ber, A. X). 1858, the said cause came on to be heard
before the said Supreme Courton the said transcript
of the record, and it appearing that the appellants
(the United States) have failed to have their cause
filed and docketed in conformity w3th the rules of
this court, it is now here ordered and decreed by this
court that the appeal from the district court of the
United States for the southern district of California
be, and the same is hereby, docketed and dismissed,
and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, re-
manded to the said district court, January 31.
You, therefore, are hereby commanded that such
proceedings be had in said case as according to right
and justice and the laws of tho United States ought
to be had, the saW appeal notwithstanding.
Witness Hon. Roger B. Taney. Chief Justice
fr q I of said Supreme Court, the first Monday of
W" S.J December. A. D. 1858.
WILLIAM THOMAS CARROLL.
Clerk ofthe Supreme Court of the United States.
This mandate was received and filed in said
district court May 4, 1859, and the following
decree entered by the court:
In the district court of the United States for the
southern district of California. Vicente P. Gomez,
appellant, vs. United States, appellee.
And now comes Vicente P. Gomez, appellant
herein, and files in open court the mandate of the
Supreme Court of the United States, held on the
1st day of December, 1853, and rendered herein.
Whereupon it is by the court ordered, adjudged,
and decreed that the said mandate be carried into
effect,* that the said Gomez proceed under the decree
of this court, heretofore rendered, as under a final
decree.
This done and signed in open court this May,
A. D. 1S59.
This decree, as also the decree of June 5,
1857, remained in full force on the 14th March;
186S, the date of the patent recorded.
The United States surveyor general had
made a return to the General Land Office,
under the act of 1862, of the grant so con-
firmed to Gomez.
On the 29th December, 1862, Hon. C. B.
Smith, Secretary of the Interior, ordered a
patent for the land, in accordance with the
survey. His successor, Mr. Usher, on the 4th
March, 1865, directed that the patent should
issue. The decree of the court at that time
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 10.
remained in full force, and was adjudged by
the Secretaries of the Interior final, and if
so, the act of 1851 (9 Statutes-at-Large, page
631-634, sec. 13) declared that the patent
should issue to the claimant. The law re-
quired that the patent should be signed by the
President and countersigned by the recorder.
It is thus declared by express law that the
patent when signed by the President is a patent,
though it may be imperfect until countersigned
by the recorder. The recorder cannot counter-
sign until after the President's signature ; he
countersigns the patent, not a blank form.
There is upon the record of this case the letter
of Mr. Sickles, who states that in 1863, as the
majority truly say in their report, after argu-
ment by himself, by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and by the Attorney General, President
Abraham Lincoln, whose name is borne upon
this record, did order the patent to be made
out for this grant; that it was engrossed and
was signed, and, as Mr. Sickles states, was
promised to him, but never delivered. Mr.
Sickles's letter stating this fact is dated 1867.
W. 0. Stoddard, whose name is also borne
upon the record of this patent, (and who was
at its date, March 14,1863, the secretary of the
President, duly appointed with the advice and
consent of the Senate as secretary to sign pat-
ents in the name and by direction of the Presi-
dent,) swears that he did sign a patent for this
Panoche Grande tract, and no man contradicts
this statement. To be sure the copyist of that
mutilated record swears that it is all he ever
made; but it does not follow that the patent was
never engrossed by another person. He knows
nothing, in fact, upon thejsubject. Allow me
to add, Mr. Stoddard, the Secretary of our late
lamented President, Abraham Lincoln, is uot
impeached, nor can he be.
There is further evidence. The recorder of
the General Land Office keeps no record of
the California land grants except the original
letter of transmission of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office. This letter is the
evidence of his authority to countersign and a
memorial as well of what patents he actually
does countersign. The recorder testified before
the committee that his files of letters of trans-
mission, not less than fifty-one in number, cov-
ering the time of the execution of the patent
to Gomez and the making of this record, to
wit, from January to June, 1863, have been
purloined from his office; that he found a key
fixed by some unknown hand in the door of the
case in which the letters of transmission were
kept, and from which they were abstracted. I
want no further evidence to satisfy this House
that the record ought to be restored, and all
parties thereby notified that in the future no
such mutilation or purloining of records or
official papers shall profit any man.
As to the other branch of this resolution,
sir, that the President be clothed with the
power to do in the premises what in his judg-
ment may be just and equitable, I have only
to say that it stands with the legislation of the
best and the purest days of the Republic.
There are like statutes upon your statute-
book, clothing the Executive with discretionary
power to take care, first, of the interest of the
whole people and, secondly, of the interests of
each of the people, even of thehumblestcitizen.
I submit to this House that we can trust the
President. Gentlemen need not fear that he
willtrampleuponthelawsofthecountry. The
equitable jurisdiction given him must and will
follow the law whatever that may be; but, in
God's name, give him the power to stop this
plunder of the public lands, this mutilation
of the records of your courts, this mutilation
of the records of your land titles, and to see
that equity and justice be done, even though
the heavens fall.
Mr. Speaker, a further reason for this action
is that this New Idria Mining Company began
the work of attempitng to possess themselves
of this property by the mutilation ofthe records
of the district court of the United States for
the southern district of California.
Without stopping to particularize, I say the
evidence is borne upon the records of that
court that they were mutilated in this very
material matter, to wit: after filing therein,
on the 4th day of May, 1859, the mandate of
the Supreme Court of the United States to
carry the decree of the court into execution,
giving force and effect to this grant to Gomez,
under which McGarrahan claims as purchaser
for valuable consideration, the file marks were
erased, January 18,1860, the year folio wing the
entry, by the then clerk of the court. After
this perfidy he attempted further to impeach
his records by an ex parte affidavit. Why, sir,
your Supreme Court long ago, as reported in
12 Peters, 174 Broadstreet vs. Thomas, well
said: "There is a safer depositary of the
adjudications of courts than in the remem-
brance of judges; and their declaration of
them is no proof of their existence." May not
the same be said of the clerks of courts ?
And again, sir, in 18 Howard, 534, (Hudgins
et al. vs. Kemp, assignee, &e.,) the Supreme
Court declared on this very point that the cer-
tificates and statements of the clerk outside of
the record, and given since it was certified and
transmitted to this court, are not admissible.
Yet that very thing has been done in this
case. The affidavit was drawn by Goold, the
attorney of the New Idria Company from the
beginning of this struggle to this hour, who
managed so to impose upon Attorney General
Black as to get himself paid, for this work of
mutilating, in the interest of his clients, the
reeords of a United States court, out of the
Treasury ofthe United States to the extent of
$1,000. - Again, sir, he procures an affidavit
to impeach the record by the attorney of rec-
ord, one Isaac Hartman, who, through the
instrumentality, it would seem, of the same
attorney of the New Idria Mining Company,
succeeded in drawing $20,000, or thereabouts,
out of the Treasury of the United States, and
who is confronted this day before the commit-
tee with his own bill of costs, &c., paid in this
case of the adjudication in favor ofthe claim
of Gomez, which he has not dared to meet
here and confront under oath. I say here
defiantly, he dare not meet the issue thus ten-
dered in any tribunal where he can be held
to answer for false swearing and perjury.
I think, sir, I have satisfied the House by
this time that the President of the United
States should be clothed with this power.
The joint resolution which I have moved for
the minority neither affirms nor denies title to
McGarrahan. It neither affirms nor denies
title to the New Idria Company. It does affirm,
positively, the inviolability of the reeords of
the United States as made up in the courts and
the General Land Office. It affirms enough
to notify the House and the country that the
President of the United States, in view of all
that has transpired in the premises, should be
clothed with full power under the law, at his
discretion, to do right and equity between the
Government and the citizen. Congress has
never been concluded in such case by any
action of the courts.
The joint resolution excludes the action of
the Supreme Court after the 14th March, 1863,
in this case, as it excludes the action of Lowry,
the attorney of the New Idria Mining Com-
pany, in mutilating the record, and the action
of Joseph S. Wilson, the Commissioner, in first
concealing and afterward unlawfully adding to
the record of the patent to Gomez, the grantor
of the memoriali&t, and finally deciding that a
patent should issue to the New Idria Mining
Company.
In my judgment, after the date of the pat-
ent, 14th March, 1863, the Supreme Court had
