1580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
uate a little aristocracy in that territory, a con-
stitution that proposes to exclude honest men
from the Territory, a constitution that ignores
the rights of the freedmen who have been their
slaves.
Such a constitution as that is their work;
that is what they propose to do; and you call
upon us for an appropriation for such a pur-
pose] I say the appropriation is abominable
it is in violation of every principle of civiliza-
tion ; it will not tend to promote civilization.
11 yon try to civilize Indians by teaching them
that they are the sovereigns of the soil, that
they can build up little States of their own,
that they can be monarehs, you have already
commenced to pander to their idea of being
monarchists in this country. If that is the
mode of your civilization it will be a terrible
failure. I know that seems to be the princi-
ple on which you have proceeded, for you
have treated with nobody but chiefs. If that
is the mode you pursue, you will fail as you
have always failed. The only way to civilize
Indians is to treat them as men and recognize
their individual rights. This little aristocratic
assembly, that recognizes nobody's rights but
the chiefs or those of the royal family, ought
not to be encouraged. There is no use in
getting it together, and it will do harm every
time it gets together. I am opposed to the
appropriation.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were twelve.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I want to attract the atten-
tion of Senators to this subject; Why are we
appropriating money from year to year to aid
these Indians if we do not expect that a time
will come when they will become perfectly
self-sustaining and be able to make their own
laws and govern themselves? We are making
appropriations amounting to millions, the wis-
dom of which is questioned ; but we expect
ihat in the end they will lead to this condition
of things, when the Indiams will become citi-
zens of the United States. Those that are
now living in the Indian territory are the
most advanced of any Indians in this country,
with the exception of some small tribes scat-
tered elsewhere; perhaps they are not equal
to us in civilization, but they are the only large
body of Indians that have acquired habits of
civilization. We made a treaty with them in
1866 to aid them in organizing a general coun-
cil, which is in the nature of a territorial Legis-
lature, to enable them to consolidate and thus
establish for themselves a territorial form of
government. Last year we appropriated the
money necessary to pay the mileage and per
diem of the members of this legislative body.
This item is for the same purpose, to pay the
expenses of that body for the coming year.
I do hope that Senators will vote for it, and
enable them to perfect their organization.
- Mr. NYE. 1 want to say only a word on
this question. I know we have been in the
habit of making this appropriation 
Mr. HARLAN. No, we have not been in
the habit; we did it last year for the first time.
Mr. NYE. Well, we did it last year; and
now I want to call the attention of the Senate
to the fruits of that convocation for a moment.
They got together in that council that we paid
them for, and made a constitution independ-
ent entirely of the Constitution of the United
States. They started by saying-in their con-
stitution that "the country is occupied and
owned" by them, and that "the rights of
transit, commerce, trade, exchange shall be
fixed by agreement between the nations of the
Indians who may enter this confederacy"—
that is the word ; they say it is a confederacy,
and that " no one shall be eligible to a legis-
lative position except a bona Jide citizen of
the nation he represents." The oath pre-
scribed by the convention is " that I shall sup-
port the constitution of the Indian territory,"
totally ignoring here, as elsewhere, the Con-
stitution of the United States. By another
section they provide that "no power of sus-
pending the laws of this country shall be exer-
cised unless by the general assembly or by its
authority/' ignoring entirely the authority of
Congress to superintend and supervise their
legislation.
Again, "all commissions shall be in the name
and by the authority of the Indian territory,
and all writs and other processes shall run in
the name of the Indian territory, and indict-
ments are to conclude 'against the peace and
dignity of the Indian territory.'" By the
schedule "this constitution" is to be sub-
mitted, not to the Congress of the U nited States,
but to "the councils or people of the respect-
ive nations;" and it is finally provided that
"this constitution shall be obligatory and bind-
ing only upon such nations and tribes as may
hereafter duly approve and adopt the same;"
so that if one of the nations, as they call them-
selves, should reject this constitution, this form
of government, they would be without any gov-
ernment at all.
Now, I am opposed for one to paying, out
of the Treasury of the United States, these
Indians for not only doing such foolish things,
but offering such an open insult to the intelli-
gence of the American people.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. STEWART. I move that that amend-
ment be laid on the table.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair. Carpenter,
Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Davis, Ed-
munds, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin,
Harlan, Hill, Howell, MeC/ecry, McDonald, Nye,
Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Robertson, Sawyer, Sprague,
Stearns, Stewart, and Xhurman—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Corbett, Cragin, Flanagan, Harris, Howo. Poraeroy,
Revels, Ross, Scott, Trumbull, Vickers, Willey, and
"Wilson—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cameron,
Cattell, I'enton, Eerry, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Howard, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson,
Ramsey, Rice, Saulsbury. Schurz, Sherman, Spen-
cer, Stockton, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Warner,
Williams, and Yates—29.
So the amendment was laid oil the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
2860) making appropriations for the construc-
tion, preservation, and repair of certain fort-
ifications and other works of defense, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following en-
rolled bills and joint resolution ; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice Presi-
dent :
A bill (H. R. No. 1351) prescribing the
forms of the enacting clauses of acts and reso-
lutions of Congress and rules for the con-
struction thereof;
A bill (H. R. No. 2909) to enable J. H.
Schnell, of California, to enter and pay for a
section of public land in California for his tea
colony ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2S22) granting a pension
to Byron McKee ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2284) granting a pension
to Edwin Woodson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2239) granting a pension
to Thomas Maxwell; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 343) for the
relief of Lucy A. Smith," widow and adminis-
tratrix of James Smith, deceased
PROPOSED BECESS.
Mr. POMEROY. I believe, on consultation
with the chairman of the committee, he now
thinks that it will be better to have a recess.
I therefore move that at this hour—it is now
half past four o'clock—we take a recess until
half past seven.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The Senator from Kansas moves
that the Senate take a recess until half past
seven.
Mr. VICKERS. Can the motion be amend-
ed ? I move that the evening session be for
the consideration of this bill, and that no other
business shall be transacted at the evening
session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that would be in order.
Mr. VICKERS. I move that amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas moves that the Senate now
take a recess until half past seven, and that
the consideration of this bill and no other
shall be in order at the evening session.
Mr. STEWART. Then there will be no-
body here.
Mr. POMEROY. We do not want to con-
sider anything else but this bill. There is a
great deal in this bill yet.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us stick to the bill
now.
Mr. STEWART. Is it in order to move to
lay the motioh of the Senator from Kansas
on the table? [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. BAYARD. I put it to the experience
of any gentleman on the floor whether there
cannot be more work done from now till six
than from half past seven to ten. I think the
Senate has been proceeding on the understand-
ing that we should hare no recess to-day, but
stay till half past five or six.
Mr. CONKLING. To guide my vote, I
should like to know how that is. If the Sen-
ator from Delaware could tell us, or if we had
some way of finding out whether enough Sen-
ators would stay here until six or seven to
sustain a quorum, that would enable us very
intelligently to vote in the negative on this
motion ; but if we vote down this motion, and
then in the course of fifteen or twenty minutes
the Senate finds itself without a quorum, we
shall be in the condition of that man on the
pavements, when the dogs ran after him, who
said the stones were all nailed down and the
dogs loose. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. There ara several Sen-
ators who have engagements at six but who can
be here by half past seven o'clock.
Mr. STEWART. Night sessions have failed
thus far.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator fro m Kan -
sas says there are a number of Senators who
have appointments at six o'clock that can bo
back here at half past seven. I am not one
of those. I do not know to whom he refers;
but if we could find out how that is, that would
enable us to act understandingly.
Mr. POMEROY. I happen to know some-
thing about it. I think we had better take a
recess•
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Kansas
evidently has more than one appointment at
six o'clock. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, will the Senate take a recess until half past
seven?
Mr. STEWART. On thatl call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall be very glad to
gratify my friend from Kansas, who always has
a good reason for what he proposes; but on
this stormy night it is a certainty that we shall
not. have a quorum here after half past seven
o'clock, and therefore whatever we do up to
the time when it may suit my friend from Cali •
