146
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
[February 18,
Ho, of Reps.
Claim of McGarrahan—Mr. Peters.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
no, jurisdiction in the premises, and if it had,
I should not regard its action reversing its
former order which confirmed the decree in
favor of the grant to Gomez for the reason
that the court acted upon a record of the dis-
trict court mutilated by the clerk of the court
at the instance of Goold, the attorney of the
New Idria Mining Company, and upon the
exparte affidavits of the clerk and the attor-
ney of record, Hurtman, neither of which, by
the rulings of the court in the cases above
cited from 12 Peters and 18 Howard were
admissible. In a word, the joint resolution
leaves the case where Abraham Lincoln left it.
If the resolution which I offer shall be
adopted the case will stand thus: .the Presi-
dent may in his discretion decide that McGar-
rahan is entitled to the whole or only part of
this tract; that the New Idria Company is en-
titled to more or less of the same tract, or,
that neither McGarrahan nor the New Idria
Company is entitled to any share of this
property, but that it shall all go to the United
States; in which event it will pass into the
Treasury, either under the provisions of
existing law, by occupation and purchase,
subject to the limitation of its mining sec-
tions to an acquisition of only three thou-
sand feet by each association of persons or
each private person, and thereby reimburse
the Government, or he may refer it back to
Congress to prescribe the mode of its sale.
That is the effect of the joint resolution.
Now, what is proposed in lieu of it?
First, a resolution simply declaring that no
relief shall be granted to William McGarrahan,
and that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the case, leaving your
unmutilated records untouched and unrestored.
Against that resolution I shall be bound by my
sense of duty to record my vote.
We have next the resolution of my honor-
able friend from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] which
is a mere expression of opinion that the land
should be sold, and therefore worth no more
than the paper it is written upon.
We have next the amendment to-the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, offered by
the honorable gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Peters,] which would modestly except from
the operation even of the opinion of the House,
that the landbe sold, the New Idria Mining Com-
pany. _ That is the gentleman's amendment,
and it is all there is of it. Now, I desire to
ask members of this House who of them, hav-
ing regard for integrity, honor, and justice,
after this mutilating of records and perjury
and crime made by this company for the
last thirteen years, will record his vote for
the ameudment of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Peters,] that these miners, not minors,
but these miners, these diggers after metal, to
wit, the New Idria Mining Company, shall be
saved the humiliation of an expression even
of honest opinion on the part of this House
that the land wrongfully and without color
of title occupied by them shall be sold for
the use of the United States?
Mr. Speaker, this company were trespassers
from the moment they set their foot on that
soil to this hour, and they know it. The act
of 1866, under which alone they seek a patent
now, and under which they have had a survey
made very recently, limits the privilege of
occupation, improvement, and final acquisition
of mining lands to citizens of the United
States aud such persons as have declared their
intention to become citizens. And yet, sir, it
is in proof that this New Idria Company is
made up, one half at least, of aliens resident
in foreign lands, who all this while have been
plundering this rich deposit within the public
domain, at the expense of the United States,
and compelling the United States to pay their
agents out of the people's Treasury to the
amount of $20,000.
Claim of McGarrahan.
SPEECH OP HON. J. A. PETERS,
ojt maine,
In the House of Representatives,
February 18, 1871.
The House having under consideration the report
of the Judiciary Committee on the memorial of
William McGarrahan—
Mr. PETERS said:
Mr. Speaker: Having discussed the prop-
osition reported by the majority of the com-
mittee very elaborately, in the report which
has been submitted, it will be my endeavor to
occupy as little time as possible in presenting
it now for the consideration of the House. I
propose to touch the salient points of the case
and to allude to it somewhat historically ; and
the history of the claim of William McGarra-
han is its owns best refutation.
It is known to everybody by this time that
this claim has arisen under the treaty with
Mexico; under which treaty the property of
Mexican citizens and residents was to be
secured to them. After the treaty was ratified
it opened up a wide field for speculation in
claims, for perjurious testimony, and for false
and fabricated papers, and there was an enorm-
ous amount of claims presented for con-
firmation which never was and never could be
allowed.
Into this field of speculation Gomez, the
father of this claim, early entered. (And hav-
ng mentioned this man's name, I wish early
in this case to deno|yice him as one of the men
most guilty of fraud and perjury ever con-
nected with any claim of this kind, either upon
Mexico or the United States. He is as com-
pletely covered as leprosy can cover him with
fraud and confessed perjury. And that man
is the father and the pioneer of this claim,
now put forth in the name of MeGarrahan.)
Unless the papers are forged, Gomez made
an application or claim for a grant in 1814.
He never obtained it, or at any rate there is
no record evidence that he ever obtained a
grant. Perhaps it would be reasonable to say,
on the face of all the testimony, that he took
certain steps in 1844 toward a grant. He
abandoned it from 1844 to 1853. His claim
was for an agricultural grant. Under the laws
of Mexico it could not be for mineral purposes.
And although even the grant should be made
to him in general and unqualified terms, all
mines, under the laws of Mexico, were to be
excepted and belong to the Government.
As I have said, while in 1844 he commenced
a claim, it was left and abandoned until 1853.
Tt was for an agricultural grant in the val-
leys of Mexico, and he now asks for mining
privileges upon the mountains. In 1853 he
appeared before the commission, under the
treaty, in behalf of this claim for a grant,
but the claim was decided against him. It
is to be adrnj^ted that the commission in their
conclusion said that he had established by
oral testimony a grant, and that they decided
against him upon certain questions of law. But
the same case has been before the Supreme
Court of the United States upon the same evi-
dence, and upon a transcript of all the testi-
mony at a later period when the character of
the witnesses had become better known, and
had been recognized by the court as perjured
witnesses in other and similar cases, and the
Supreme Court of the United States has unan-
imously declared that upon the law and the
facts Gomez or McGarrahan has no claim.
The decision being against Gomez before the
commissioners, he had to appeal to the district
court of the U nited States. His attorney was one
Pacificus Ord, and this same Ord, while he was
acting for Gomez, was an owner of one half
of the claim. By a deed, which was not re-
corded until long afterward, aud was unknown
to any one except the parties, he received the
title to one half of the claim for the considera-
tion of one dollar.
Now, I put this pertinent question : why did
Gomez sell to Ord half of his claim for a dol-
lar if he had a good claim? Why did he buy
up an attorpey of the United States to play the
■part of a rascal if he had testimony and facts
upon which he could rely in spite of the Gov-
ernment of the United States? The case hav-
ing been decided against Gomez this man Old,
being an owner of half of the claim and acting
as an attorney of the United States and through
a brother attorney acting also as an attorney
for Gomez, had the claim brought before the
district court and had the decision of the Com-
missioner reversed without a hearing, without
a jot of testimony, without an argument, and
without a suggestion except that Ord said to
the court that he saw and knew of no reason
why the grant should not be confirmed by the
court. This tells its own story. But by the
requirement of the statute the party had to take
still another step. He had to go from this court
to the United States Supreme Court before he
could claim a patent giving a title to thisgrant.
This same Ord affected to take an appeal to the
Supreme Court of the United States. He put
a forged paper in among the papers, or put in
a paper clandestinely, purporting to be the
granting of an appeal. He takes the case up
as if there had been an appeal to the Supreme
Court, and without the knowledge of the Attor-
ney General, the court knowing nothing of the
frauds. After twenty days had elapsed from
the commencement of the term appealed to,
by virtue of a rule of the court, the Govern-
ment not appearing as a party, the appeal was
docketed and dismissed.
Ord, or Gomez, or McGarrahan, whoever he
is, and he is a very numerous party around
this Capitol, moved the court that the appeal
should be dismissed, and that was done with-
out objection, and the usual orders went back
to the court in California. When it came to
the court in California the judge said: "Why,
I have granted no appeal. The Supreme Court
has sent down a mandamus to me, upon a set
of papers not to be found in this court. There
never has been an appeal; there has been a
motion for one, never acted on. The paper
is a fraud upon me." The Attorney General
of the United States, getting a knowledge
of this state of things, appeared before the
Supreme Court of the United States and got a
reversal of their former action. Judge Ogier,
of the district court of California, finding that
he had been imposed upon, took a backward
step, and struck out from the records of the
court the decree of confirmation which he had
previously allowed, and then the ease stood
just as it had come from the commission, de-
cided against Gomez.
Judge Ogier, as honest a man as ever
breathed, unfortunately died,and Judge Haight,
of whom I will say nothing personally, became
his successor. He disallowed the last action
of Judge Ogier as being improperly upon the
record of the court, but allowed an appeal
from his own action and orders to the Supreme
Court of the United States. Afterward he dis-
allowed and struck out the appeal which he had
himself allowed, and by the fraud and pretense
of the original owner of this claim, although it
had been disallowed by the commission, and
never allowed by any court except through the
fraud of it officers, the case then stood upou the
records of the district court of California, as if
it had been there confirmed upon an appeal
from the commissioners, and upon mandate
from the court above. The United States
attorneys then endeavored to get an appeal
again. They made a motion before the court
for its reinstatement as it was before the ac-
tion of Judge Haight. All sorts of endeavors
