1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1581
forniii to let ns adjoarn we had better do now
arid not have a session to night.
DAKOTA TEHKITOIUAT, OmCEUS.
Mr. IIAMLIN. The motion is to take a
recess. Before that is acted on, as the Com-
mittee on Appropriations may be in session in
the morning, I ask unanimous consent of the
Senate to offer a very brief resolution for refer-
ence to that committee for their consideration
to-morrow morning.
Mr. STEWART. Then, of course, you do
ECt intend to be here this evening.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion will be read.
The Chief Cierk read as follows:
Resolved. That the Committee on Appropriations
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
reporting an amendment to the deficiency bill to
provide for salaries due the Governor, secretaries,
and lodges of the Territory of Dakota for the year
ending toe 30th of J une, 1S70.
The resolution was agreed to.
amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. SAWYER submitted two amendments
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(H. ii. No. 3064) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending 30th June, 1872, and for other
purposes; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
He also submitted an amendment intended
to be proposed to the bill (II. II. No. 299a)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal years ending June
30, 1870, and Jane 30, 1871, and for former
years, and for other purposes; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE submitted an amendment intended
to bo proposed to the bill (H. II. No. 2789)
making appropriations for the naval service
for the year endiug June 30, 1872, and for
other purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(H. R. No. 2579) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Odice Department for
the year ending June 30, 1872; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
nOL'SE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (II. U. No. 2SG0) making appro-
priations for the construction, preservation,
and repair of certain fortifications and other
works of defense was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
PliOPOSKD KKCEJS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion that the Senate now take
a recess till half past seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. VICKKRS. Does the Senator from Kan-
sas accept my amendment?
Mr. POMEROY. Y es, sir; that nothing shall
be considered at the evening session but the
Indian appropriation bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays i!o; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Crasm, Flanagan, Fow-
ler, Harlan, Osborn, Pomeroy, Hoss, buerman,
Sprague, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Uayard, Blair, Boreman,
Buckingham, Carpenter, L'asserly, Uianuler. L,olo,
Conkiinc, (Jorbctt. Davis, liduiunUs. (jilbert, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, lismliu, Harris, Hill. Howe, How-
ell, Kellogg. Lewis, McOreery, McDonald, J*ye, 1 00I,
Pratt, Revels. Robertson, Sawyer, Mearns, btewart,
Thurman, Trumbull, and Vickors—00.
ABSENT-.Mcs.-rs. Abbott. Brownlow, Cameron.
C4ttel!, Fen ton, Ferry, Hamilton orTexas, Howard,
Johnston, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont.
Morton, PaUcraoti.Kamsey, llice, faaulsbury. bohurz,
Scott, Spencer. Stockton, Sunnier, lhayer, .Upton,
"W amor, and Y ates—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
indian appropriation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. It. No. 2615) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling so-called
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June SO, 1872, and for
other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment of the Committee on Indian Affairs
will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. At line seventeen hun-
dred and ninety-three the Committee on Indian
Affairs propose to insert:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to reimburse the western Cherokees for
amount of money advanced by them to pay the ex-
penses of delegation of eastern Cherokees visiting
Washington, $ .
Mr. DAVIS. I move to fill that blank with
the sum of $1,754 50.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not be
adopted. I do not know what object we have
in having the Indians visiting Washington.
Those of them who visit Washington are specu-
lators who are richer than any of us.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky, to fill the blank with the sum pro-
posed by him.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not be
done.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayea 18, noes 21.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. With what
sam shall the blank be filled?
Mr. HARLAN. I propose $1,754.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Shall the
blank be filled with the sum proposed by the
Senator from Iowa?
Mr. STEWART. I move that the amend-
ment be laid on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is in order.
Mr. DAVIS. That is the very matter which
I intended to secure by filling the blank with
the sum that I proposed. It is simply this, as
I understand 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is to lay on the table, which is not debatable.
' Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Ken-
tucky can make any explanation. I withdraw
the motion for that purpose.
Mr. DAVIS. There are what are called
eastern Cherokees, Mr. President. They are
a remnant of the Cherokees who remained in
North Carolina when the others migrated West.
They wish to join their brethren in what is
called the Indian territory. They were invited
to come here and couusel with them, and the
western Cherokees paid their expenses amount-
ing to $1,754 50, and the western Cherokees
simply ask now to be reimbursed.
Mr. STEWART. Who are the eastern
Cherokees that came here?
Mr. DAVIS. They resided in North Caro-
lina.
Mr. STEWART. Do they reside there
Mr. DAVIS. They do, and they are about
removing west. .
Mr. STEWART. Have they resided there
all the time?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes.
Mr. STEWART. Then I do not object to
that, if that is the whole of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Nevada is withdrawn. _
Mr. POOL. 1 do not think this matter is
understood by the Senator from Kentucky.
The eastern Cherokees, who are m
Carolina, are not about to move \\est, and do
not intend to go there at all. There was a
delegation of eastern Cherokees sent here by
authority of the tribe. There was a contro-
versy between them aud their western brethren
in regard to their interest in the lands about
to be sold to the Government, As a member
of the Committee on Indian Affairs at one
time, I had some occasion to look into that
controversy, and I became thoroughly satisfied
that the rights which were claimed by the east-
era Cherokees were such as could be main-
tained both in law and in justice. The thing
went on for a considerable length of time,
until finally another delegation of eastern
Cherokees came, and I was informed that that
second delegation werenot really representing
their tribe, but that the movement was gotten
up by the delegation of western Cherokees for
the purpose of getting some of their eastern
brethren here to agree to any proposition
they might make in regard to the controversy
between them. The information that was
brought to me then, and upon which I at that
time relied, and upon which I now place some
reliance, is that it was a movement of the
western Cherokees entirely, and was not in
the interest of those Cherokees in North Caro-
lina. From the information now before me I
do not think this appropriation ought to be
allowed, and I think the motion to lay on the
table ought to be insisted on and carried by
the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. With that statement?
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me a
mo"hient?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I rely very much upon the
information of my honorable friend from North
Carolina, [Mr. Pool.] I have no doubt he is
better informed .in relation to the whole mat-
ter of the affairs of the eastern Cherokees than
I am, because they live in his State ; but I
understand that now there is a perfect accord
' between the western and eastern Cherokees;
that they have agreed upon the terms 011 which
the eastern Cherokees shall migrate to the
West and incorporate themselves again with
the western Cherokees. With the full consent
of the eastern Cherokees they sent a delega-
tion to this city, with a view to arrange that
matter. They were invited here by the Gov-
ernment of the United Stales; and the ex-
penses of this delegation of the eastern Chero-
kees were paid by funds that belonged to the
western Cherokees; and the western Chero-
kees simply ask to be reimbursed for the
expenses of the delegation of the eastern Cher-
okees, which were to have been'paid by the
Government of the United States. If I am
wrong I shall be glad to know it.
Mr. POOL. There never was, in my judg-
ment, a greater mistake of fact than the ben-
ator from Kentucky is laboring under. In
the first place, as far as I know, there is no
arrangement between the eastern and western
Cherokees by which the former are to remove
west. I am sure there is nothing of the sort
atall, and never will be.
In the next place. I would say that the
eastern Cherokees did send a delegation to
the citv of Washington about twelve months
ago, without invitation from the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and a difficulty arose in
regard to the payment of that delegation,
because they were not invited. I endeavored
to get an appropriation, and I believe I suc-
ceeded, to pay that delegation. When that
delegation came here they were adverse in
their views to what the western Cherokees
proposed, and a controversy was canned on
bv them. Afterward 
"Mr. DAVIS. Will my honorable friend
allow me a word ?
Mr. POOL. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. With his explanation I do
not insist 011 my proposition. I yield to t!ie
superior information that ho has over the sub-
ject, and I do not press the amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. Let the amendment be con-
sidered as withdrawn if the honorable Senator
who represents these Indians thinks it ought
not to be put in.
' Mr. POOL. I have no representation ot
1 these Indians; but my Siate has been very
careful of them, and I am anxious to protect
their interests. I have been some tune oil tJ.fi
Indian Committee, and I do not know how tiie
matter stands now; but I know it was brought,
to my over and over again that there was
