148
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
Ho. op Eeps.
Claim, of McGarrahan—Mr, Peters.
41st Cong. .. .3d Sess.
come to a conclusion upon it? Cannot we
decide it for ourselves without referring it to
anybody else? I wish to declare now and
here that in anything I may say in relation to
this matter I do not mean to be Considered as
uttering one word of disrespect to the Presi-
dent of the United States, for I believe I could
say of him that he is one of the small number
of men who would be burned at the stake before
he would knowingly commit a wrong. He was
the successful standard-bearer in the last pres-
idential election of the Republican party, as
he will be the successful standard-bearer of
that party in the canvass which is to come.
And I wish to declare also my high respect for
the ex-Secretary of one of the Departments who
has been attacked here by the report of the
minority, for I believe Secretary Cox is as hon-
est a man as ever breathed the breath of life—
an honest statesman and gallant soldier. The
minority recommendation is but a back-fire.
It is shirking the responsibility which belongs
to this House. It is as much as to say, " Mr.
McGarrahan, if we cannot decide this case in
your favor, perhaps we can recommend some
one who may."
When the last Congress passed a bill giving
McGarrahan this land, I think I voted for it,
knowing nothing about it. I recollect, how-
ever, that 1 had a great suspicion of it.
Mr. SARGENT. The record shows you
did not.
Mr. PETERS. I had the impression that I
voted for it, and I thank my God that I did
not. I repeat, Mr. Speaker, that the propo-
. sition leaving the matter to President Grant
or any body else is a confession of weakness
in the cause which asks it. It is putting an
unnecessary and gratuitous duty on the Exec-
utive. It resolves him into a judicial tribu-
nal, and prescribes no rules of law or equity
to guide him. He would have the power by
his decision to overrule all our general land
policy, as embodied in our general laws. He
is to have a general, undefined, unrestrained,
individual power committed to hitn. Why,
he would be surrounded by the claimants like
an army of locusts 1 He would have McGar-
rahan and a hundred McGarrahans around
him, and no more unfavorable circumstances
could be imagined for having a fair, deliberate,
and satisfactory decision.
But, Mr. Speaker, although this minority
resolution assumes to leave it to the discretion*
of the President of the United States, there
is a dodge about it. In one respect it restrains
the discretion of the President. He would be
by the resolution authorized and required to
do in the premises whatever may, in his judg-
ment, be just and equitable, without regard to
any action or proceeding had subsequent to
the 14th day of March, 1863, the date of the
patent recorded. He may regard all action
before March 14, 1803, and shall disregard all
action afterward. In other words, the minority
of the committee want to leave this matter to
the President of the United States, but by the
resolution they direct him that he shall give
no credence or heed to the decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States, because
these were all made after that date. They seek
to advise or instruct him, at all events, to
overrule that august tribunal.
But I must pass on. The first clause of the
minority resolution is to the effect that the
record in the Department of the Interior shall
be put back as it was. This is all for effect.
There was a certain annotation written over
the record. It takes nothing from it, it adds
nothing to it. The legal effect of the annota-
tion is nothing one way or the other. The
Department regarded it as an unfinished
record, and it is an unfinished record; and
being called upon to furnish to the committee
a copy, they say so on the margin of that copy,
and they state the truth.
It seems to have been the custom or
in the Department to make out a record be-
fore they made out a patent. It was undoubt-
edly an irregular way, and since trouble has
arisen about this matter the practice has been
dropped. But it is testified by all the wit-
nesses that such a practice has prevailed, and
under that practice a record of this patent was
made, although the patent itself was never
completed. Now McGarrahan seeks to estab-
lish a sort of technical claim, that, even if he
is guilty of fraud, if he has dammed the cur-
rents of justice in California, through its courts,
and has waded up to his chin in his fraudulent
efforts to get what he is not entitled to, if
there is a sort of a shell of a patent existing in
the Department, the Government of the Uni-
ted States must fill that shell. But the shell
is not a whole one even, nor is the record a
completed one; for the record does not pur-
port that the imaginary patent has even been
signed by the recorder of the Land Office,
which is as necessary as was the signature
of the President of the United States.
I have no time to go fully into the legal
position of this question. But I take the ground
as a question of law and of equity that if that
grant was fraudulently obtained, and the courts
were cheated, and the Departments were
cheated, and the President of the United
States was cheated, and if the Department had
undertaken to make out a warrant and had
not entirely completed it—or I go further, Mr.
Speaker, and say if it had been completed,
and had not been delivered—then, as it was a
fraudulent proceeding, it would have given
William McGarrahan no rights.
But, sir, I go even further than that. Wheth-
er McGarrahan had rights or not, if he can-
not avail himself of them without coming
before us as a petitioner, and if we show to his
face that he has been guilty of frauds, that
his claim is founded in fraud, that it has been
urged in fraud, thaU it has been carried from
the State to the nation in fraud, that the
claim is fraudulent in all its relations, if,
under these circumstances, he comes before
us as a petitioner, I say whether the patent was
made, or not made, recorded or not recorded,
delivered or not delivered, he is not the party
to come here and ask us for relief. That is
the position which I stand by, and which the
country will stand by, and nothing else.
Whether ever delivered or not, ever com-
pleted or not, McGarrahan cannot avail him-
self of any legal right under such patent with-
out coming to us through his petition ; and
when he comes here, he has to admit to us,
through the wituesses with whom we have con-
fronted him, that he has done all this in fraud.
And shall our answer be that he shall have
relief? The minority of the committee do not
say that he shall have the relief which in his
memorial he asks for. They do not propose
to do in this Congress what a preceding House
of Representatives did for him. It seems to
me that they do not meet the case directly.
They propose that we shall shirk the responsi-
bility and jurisdiction in this case and ask the
President of the United States to investigate
and decide for us.. Sir, we should meet it
here and now, and, as I said before, either vote
him his claim or vote that he has no claim.
The papers are full, the evidence is volum-
inous ; every gentleman has had an opportunity
to know all about it, and ought to, unless he
has neglected it; and there never was a better
time than now to say whether William McGar-
rahan, in spite of the Supreme Court of the
United States, and in spite of the frauds which
Gomez has committed, and in spite of the
frauds whieh I charge upon him, shall have his
title to this land.
It is dodging, it is shirking, to say that we
will not take the responsibility. The commit-
tee have spent weeks—ay, sir, months—in this
investigation. We have tried, if any man ever
did, to look at the question fully, honestly, and
judiciously. And I have got myself imbedded
in the belief that this man, if he gets this claim
through this Congress, or gets it before Presi-
dent Grant, to have him consider it, will have
succeeded only by a persistency, force of will,
talent, or genius, in impressing himself upon
members of Congress, which few can ever
attain.
Mr. WELKER. Will it interrupt the gen-
tleman for me to ask him a question?
Mr. PETERS. No; but I trust the gen-
tleman will be brief, as I have promised to
yield a portion of my time to another member
of the committee.
Mr. WELKER. My question is whether, if
we adopt the minority resolution of the com-
mittee, to make the correction as proposed by
that resolution, there will be any discretion at
all left in the hands of the President? Will
not that fix it, as a matter of fact, that he must
issue the patent ?
Mr. KERR. Certainly.
Mr. PETERS. Well, the President might
so consider it.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Let me suggest that it
would be positive evidence that the patent had
bc6n issued
Mr. PETERS. The inference might be
that there had been a patent, that there had
been a record in that Department, and that
Secretary Cox, or Commissioner Wilson, or
somebody else, had fraudulently erased or
mutilated it. I stand here to defend these
men and to say that there never was a wickeder
charge than the uncalled for, unnecessary, and
ungenerous imputation of baseness upon any
of the men in that Department. Now I re-
peat what I have before said, that although the
minority of the committee ask us to shirk this
matter, and to hand it over to the President
for decision, there is a cunning device in the
resolution, because it says "irrespective of
what took place after the 14th of March,
1853." Why, sir, all the decisions were had
after that. The fraud was discovered after
that. The courts have branded it with infamy
since that. Look through the reports of the
Supreme Court of the United States, and you
will see that once, twice, and thrice they have
thus branded it since that time.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Allow me one moment.
It is very important that the House should
understand the bearing of this matter. If the
minority resolution should be adopted by the
House, is there anything left for the President
to do? Can he do anything? Must not the
judgment of any court before whom this mat-
ter is brought be pronounced that the record
shows that a patent was in existence, and that
McGarrahan has a title? And will it not be
perfectly useless and irregular for the Presi-
dent to issue another patent, when one was
made out which may have been lost? But
here is record evidence of its existence.
Mr. PETERS. That might be the infer-
ence asked for; there is no certainty that it
ought to follow; but it would have weight.
Now the committee have come to the conclu-
sion that that patent never was signed ; and I
believe, as much as I do in my own existence,
that it never was signed by the President of
the United States, although a man was dug
up in New York in 1871, who had been there
since 1863, in which year it was signed, if ever,
and who had never been interviewed till now,
who thought he signed it for the President, and
who was, I believe, finally spurred up to say
that he did sign it. His statements, his cun-
ning, little, and unbelievable immaterialities,
very unfavorably impressed us. Sir, I looked
upon that man with perfect amazement; and
I say before this House and my country that
I did not believe a word he said, and I cannot
believe it. All the other witnesses contradict
