756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
also ttioved that t,he motion to reconsider be
laid 'on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEADS EOR SOLDIERS, SAILORS, ETC.
Mr. ALLISON. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being called for, the morning hour now
begins, at eighteen minutes past twelve o'clock.
The pending business in the morning hour is
the bill (H, E. No. 2797) to enable honorably-
discharged soldiers and sailors, their widows
and orphan children, to acquire homesteads
on the public lands of the United States, on
which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
Man] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Juuax.]
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, the bill re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs,
in allowing honorably discharged soldiers and
sailors the right of homestead on the public
lands, provides that the time of service of the
soldier or seaman in tlieArmyorNavy, whether
long or short, shall be counted a3 a part of the
five years' settlement prescribed by existing
law. That provision rightly discriminates in
favor of the soldier in so far as it abridges the
time of settlement in proportion to the service
rendered. I am in favor of that feature of the
bill, and the Committee on the Public Lands
some two weeks ago unanimously reported to
this Houseabill containing that provision ; and
I have moved it now as an amendment to the
amendment of my colleague from Indiana,
[Mr. Holmak,] and in the nature of a substi-
tute for the bill from the Military Committee.
In reporting that bill, I have also accompa-
nied it by a report setting forth the reasons why
we favor it, and why we oppose other proposi-
tions which have been referred to the commit-
tee; and I am very sorry to say that the other
day the chairman of the Committee on Printing
totally misstated the purport, of that report, in
asking extra copies to be printed by order of
the House. It was ordered to be printed on
yesterday, and appears in the Globe this morn-
ing; and i ask any gentleman to examine its
unanswerable facts and figures, arid reconcile
them with the measure proposed by the Mil-
itary Committee.
But before 1 proceed now to point out my
objections to that measure, 1 desire to call
attention for a moment to the amendment
offered by my colleague, [Mr. Hol.uax,] pro-
viding as a substitute for the bill of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs the old Mexican
military bounty-land law of 18,">0 ; and I must
confess my astonishment that, so sagacious
and patriotic' a gentleman as my colleague
should have seen (it, to propose the reenact-
ment of that measure as an amendment to
the pending bill; no legislation that 1 know of
connected with the public domain has been
more mischievous, not to say disastrous, to the
country than this whole system of military
bounty land warrants, of which the act of 1850
is, perhaps, the worst. 1 ask the Clerk to
read from the report referred to the passage
which I have marked, and I ask the attention
of the House to it, as showing conclusively
why my colleague's amendment should not be
adopted.
The Clerk read as follows :
_ " The history of military land bounties is instruct-
ive.- More I iut.n sevority-tbi-ee million acres ill all
have been appropriated tor military aud naval pur-
poses, the e!L".t, of which has been far more ruinous
t<> the uimutiy than beneficial to the soldier andsea-
luan. The warrants i-^ned for the lands granted
were to he located only by the soldier. It was soon
provided, however, th.it he might looate tbein bvan
avnt. and fitulb they v-ere mudc assignable. The
(.'oiiiinH-'ioucr oi the General Land Office savs that
ot the Moxk ,ui war boimiv-Und warrants the rec-
oids of lus office show that inn one in live hundred
ol tho^e i sued ard placed in (he hands of the sot-
diet.or then heirs, has been located by them or far
then use; and he estimates that riot to exceed tea
per cent, oi them have been u.-ed by preemptors, as
assignees m payment for actual settlement, the re-
mainder having gone into the clutches of the specu-
lator. While the soldier was cheated out of his
warrant, or sold it at a very low rate, the public
domain, which should havo been free to him and to
all other poor men, has been absorbed by monopo-
lists, who have fixed upon it such tariff as they could
exact from those in search of homes. In none of
our legislation on the subject of military bounties
has there been any precaution taken against the
monopoly of the soil, or in favor of the rights of set-
tlers ; and "while the soldier has received little or
no benefit, the settlement and development of the
country have been greatly retarded.'.'
Mr. JULIAN. That statement, from the
report of the committee, based upon the offi-
cial records of the General Land Office sets
forth in brief such facts and figures as conclu-
sively show the impolicy of the proposed
amendment. And my colleague will remem-
ber that the act of September, 1850, which
he proposes to reenact as a substitute for
this bill, required the warrants to be located
by the soldier, and by nobody else, which his
proposed amendment does not do. But that
provision, such was the clamor against it of
the soldiers of the Mexican war, was repealed
in less than two years from that time, and the
warrants made assignable, by virtue of ^hich
great bodies of the public domain were ab-
sorbed by_ monopolists who bought up these
warrants, in some cases as low as thirty-five
and forty cents per acre, thus cheating the
public domain out of its productive wealth,
cheating the honest settler, under the provis-
ions of the preemption and homestead laws,
out of bis right to a home, and hindering the
development and material progress of the
nation in the pretended interest of the soldier.
Mr. Speaker, I pass from that topic to notice
the particular objections I entertain to the bill
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs.
It provides in the first section that the soldier
or seaman may select his homestead, and may
have the right to hold it from the date of selec-
tion without actual occupancy and tillage for
twelve months. Now. what wilt be the effect
of that provision? We have more than two
million soldiers—about two million two hun-.
dred and forty-five thousand—of the late war.
We can survey with all our force about eight
million acres per annum, as we have done on
an average duringthe last eight or ten years. If
one half only, or one fourth of these soldiers,
should select lands under this bill it would
absorb every acre of arable land that can be
brought under survey and subjected to home-
stead entry and settlement for years to come,
thus completely blocking up the settlement
and tillage of the public domain, and handing
it over to speculators. Let me ask attention
to the following further extract from the
report already quoted:
"Is tho proposition before tho committee le^s
objectionable than the legislation to which wo have
referred? The official estimate of tho number of
soldiers to he provided for, saying nothing of thu
heirs of those who have died, is J,243,ro9. Multiply-
ing this by 160 will give, as the aggregate of lands
called tor, 369,3(15,440 acres. As the land is to bo had
simply for the asking, we may fairly suppose that
all, or nearly all, would make their selections, so
tar as the extent andsituation of ttie public domain
would permit, and leccive their patents at the end
of five years. It" one half only should avail them-
selves of the privilege, it would require every aero
of lantl which the Government could survey within
tho next twenty-nine years, at the rate our surveys
are now progressing, thus fatally blocking up the
grand march of civilization and settlement now in
progress, and consigning th.e publio domain to soli-
tude, while the soldier, on receiving his patont,
would be under no obligation to settle on his land,
and might sell it to the sharks who would be lying
in wait to take advantage of his poverty m driviug
a bargain. Tho sale of public lands would cease,
because the lands subject to sale would be absorbed.
Tho homestead law would be nullified, under which,
during the past year, 3.698,910 acres were disposed
of, thus adding 23.118 farms, of 160 acres each, to
the column of productive wealth. The preemp-
tion law would become a dead letter, through the
pressure for surveyed lands, ami the check which
| would bo given to railway extension, foreign im-
t migration, and the progress of settlement, in the [
! must de^n a bi c portions of our frontiers. In a word, I
onr land policy, which if working out such grand j
results, would be radically revolutionized in the
interest of monopolists, who would lavish cuises
innumerable upon coming generations.
" In his late message the president well says that
'the remarkable growth and prosperity of our new
States and Territories attest the wisdom of thelegis-
lation which invites the tiller of the soil to procure
apermanent home on terms within the reaeh of all.
The pioneer who incurs the dangers and privations
of a frontier life, and thus aids in laying the founda-
tion of new Commonwealths, renders a signal service
to his country, and is entitled to its special favor and
protection. Theselawssecure that object, and largely
promote the general welfare. They should, there-
fore, be cherished as a permanent feature of our land
system.' Fully agreeing with these views, we must
decidedly protest against the policy proposed. Tho
principle of settlement should be adhered to as a
vital one. The measure before us is wanting also in
equity, in giving to all soldiers,.irrespective of tho
service rendered, the same bounty. This equity
could only be properly provided tor by a bounty in
money, graded in amount according to the time of
service, as prescribed in the bill which has repeatedly
passed the House of Kepresentatives and as repeat-
edly been ignored in the Senate. We are in favor
of such equalization of bounties. If land is what
the soldier wants, he can have it now, on the easy
terms of the homestead law. The committee, how-
ever, would gladly favor him by a just bounty in
laud in any manner that shall not surrender the
wholesome policy of the Government in requiring
the actual occupancy and tillage of the land appro-
priated. They are willing therefore, to shorten tho
time of occupancy, and to discriminate in his favor
according to the term of his service, by allowing that
term, whether long or short, to be counted as a part
of the five years' settlement now prescribed by law.
This advantage to the soldier over the civilian, while
it would not abandon the existing policy of our laws,
wo believe would be just and well deserved."
Mr. Speaker, these facts bear directly upon
the pending bill, and I trust they may be pon-
dered. During the last year, as it appears,
under the homestead law alone, nearly four
million acres were selected and dedicated to
homesteads, making about twenty-five thou-
sand farms of one hundred and sixty acres each
added to the cause of productive industry. The
whole of that, of course, will be stopped by the
operation of this bill, and at the end of twelve
months—mark me now as I follow the features
of this bill—at the end of twelve monthswhat
would happen ? Why the bill goes on to pro-
vide that then the soldier may assign his home-
stead certificate for a consideration, not to
another soldier or to another seaman, not in
aid of the military at all, but to any citizen of
the United States'or any man who has declared
his intention to become a citizen. Now, as
the desire of the soldier would be to raise a
little money, and as this, as I apprehend, is
the object of this bill, I take it for granted
that nearly every one of them would assign
his certificate of homestead to somebody, some
shark, perhaps, who will be lying in wait to gel
a bargain oat of him : they would assign their
certificates, and the whole of the public do-
main would pass into the hands of civilians,
while the soldier will get only the little pit-
tance that will be doled out to him under the
necessities of his condition and through the
operations of men who will be too ready to
take advantage of his condition. Sir, it will
be utterly disastrous to the public interests.
It is true the bill provides that no assignee of
a homestead certificate shall have a natc-tit
for his land until he has resided upon and
improved it for two years.
But I ask this House now the question, and
I ask gehtlemen to face it—-I ask members if
they are willing to mutilate the homestead law
by cutting down the term of settlement to two
years? It, is not proposed to do this in the
interest of the soldier, for he does not get the
land, as I have shown, but in the interest of
trafficking civilians who may be able to buy
the homestead certificate. If this House is
prepared to repeal the homestead law, or to
reduce the term of settlement to two years, let
it face the question squarely, and say so by
direct provisions, without any pretense of
favoring the soldier. If the committee had
proposed that, two years' settlement on the
public domain should suffice for the soldier,
the proposition would have commended itself
to my sympathy and to the sympathy of the
House, for its discrimination in his favor. But
no such thing is proposed. On the face of
the bit! it bimply gives the soldier a light, to
the land for twelve mouths without occupancy,
and then allows him to transfer his right, by
