1871.3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
149
41st Con<}....3d
Schools for the District—Mr. Prosser.
Ho. op Reps.
him from beginning to end. The man who
made out the paper, the man who recorded it,
both of them contradict him ; and the counsel
for this claimant, in his argument in 1863 to
the Interior Department why this patent should
he issued, says that President Lincoln agreed
to sign it but never did sign it. And McGrar-
rahan, in his own memorial made to the last
Congress, admits that it was never signed nor
delivered.
I know it is said that if McGarrahan has not
a claim he has a sort of a claim, or a sort of a
claim to a claim. Sir, he has that sort of
equity which he would obtain from au attempt
to put his hand into your pocket and take out
its contents, and having failed in the first
attempt, which would allow him to put in his
hand again and take out something. While
he and his predecessor asked for an agricul-
tural plat, they now ask for a mine; they
asked for bread, and are willing to take a
stone, in the shape of a quicksilver mine, said
to be worth more or less millions of money.
In the first place he wanted three leagues,
and now he wants four leagues of land; he
wanted one location, and he has fraudulently
taken another. He has cheated the courts
through a miserable man who was an attorney
of the United States. I understand he is still
living at San Panciseo, and has the temerity
to say that he told the Attorney General of
the United States, by a letter to him, that he
(Ord) was interested, and that the Attorney
General must get somebody else to represent
the United States in this case. No letter was
received; none was written; none was even
designed to be written, and he was not known
as an owner until long after these nefarious
transactions, except between the parties with
whom he was concerned.
And after cheating the courts all the way
from California to Washington the claimant,
whether Gomez or Ord or McGarrahan, or
whoever else, has got caught at last. The
Supreme Court of the United States, compris-
ing judges of every shade of politics and opin-
ion, after hearing the argument from Attorneys
General Stanton, Bates, and Black, and hav-
ing the most learned and able men in the coun-
try to oppose them, hearing the whole story
from beginning to end, made a decision. Only
read what they say in this matter. They all
unite in that decision. It is a question of title,
and they have settled that question. And the
only question with us now is whether we shall
be a still higher court, unsettle that decis-
ion and overrule the Supreme Court; unsettle
all the California claims, and invite all the
speculators in land grants into the field again.
I think the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Bexjamin,] whom I see in his seat, would, in
so strong a case as that, be willing to rise inhis
place and say, "I object." [Laughter.]
I have but a few words more to say. There
is a fulmination in the argument of the minor-
ity against the New Idria Mining Company.
I do not know, and I do not care, anything
about the New Idria Mining Company. They
say they have rights, that they have expended
large amounts of money, and they want to be
let alone. They say they are willing to stand
under the laws of the United States, the gen-
eral statutes of the country; and if they have
got rights they will stand by them, and if they
have not they can fall. They are not petition-
ers and are not before us, or, as yet, before any
of the courts.of the country. Mark you, these
parties claim only four hundred and eighty
acres, and McGarrahan claims—how many?
Mr. KERR. Seventeen thousand.
Mr. PETERS. The New Idria claim rep-
resents but a few hundred acres, while the
McGarrahan claim is for seventeen thousand
or more. Why should we, upon the petition
of McGarrahan, undertake to say whether
New Idria has rights in any portion of the
Panoche Grande or not? Denying the present
claimant will confer nothing upon anybody
else. Why should not the settlement of all the
questions with all parties be left to our gen-
eral laws ? Our policy with reference to the
public lands in California has been established
for a long time, and is well understood and
acted upon. Our courts are open for all legal
questions which can arise. The claim of this
man has been weighed by the courts and has
been found wanting. lie has had the same
right as all other litigants before all proper
tribunals. He has gone the rounds of the
judicial tribunals. He ought to rest satisfied.
I hope and believe this House will never grant
his petition.
Schools of the District.
SPEECH OF HON. W. F. PROSSER,
of tennessee,.
In the House of RepbeseittativeSj
February 11, 1871,
On the bill from the Committee for the District of
Columbia to reorganize the schools of the Dis-
trict.
Mr. PROSSER. Mr. Speaker, the follow-
ing resolutions were passed by the trustees of
the public schools of the city of Washington:
""Whereas on the 25th day of January last, in the
House of Representatives, Hon. William F. Pros-
ser, of Tennessee, delivered a speech, in which are
the following passages, under the heading of * fear-
ful condition of education m the District of Colum-
bia/ namely : ' "With schools that are comparatively
worthless .and wholly inadequate, theie being thou-
sands of children unable to gum admission to any
school-room, and who would be scarcely the better
for it if they could, because of the want of a proper
supply of teachers, who arc, moreover, paid their
small salaries at uncertain and irregular intervals;
they are yet quite as ready to dismiss a child for a
trifling fault as to admit one to pupilage. It often
requires more time and labor to get a child admitted
than a laboring man can spare.' "* * * *
I have said that the schools of this District should
be of the highest order. Instead thereof they are the
disgrace of the nation, and even the representative
of the Ottoman empire can proudly and justly say
" The school laws of Turkey are superior to yours."'
* * * * *1 am told by the same official
(the superintendent of public schools) that some
seventeen or eighteen of the public schools under
his charge are about to be condemned as nuisances
by the board of health. Think, if you please, Mr.
Chairman, of sixty scholars and a teacher confined
in a room twenty-four by thirty leet square and ten
feet high, and ask yourself if such a prison should
not be condemned as a public nuisance which ought
to be abated. Yet 1 am told that such prisons are
to be found in Washington city, and they arc
dignified with the name of public schools;' and
whereas the above extracts, evidently not based
upon the personal knowledge of the speaker, con-
tain misrepresentations, the correction of which is
due to the tax-payers of this city, who have liber-
ally given of their means to support the schools; to
the mayors and councils, whose judicious legislation
has fostered them; to our predecessors in this board,
whose wisdom, energy, and demotion have founded
and built up the system; to ourselves, who, enter-
ing into their labors, havo striven worthily to con-
tinue them; and to the teachers, past and present,
whose talents and fidelity have adorned their pro-
fession, and made effectual the liberality of the tax-
payers, the legislation of the councils, andthelabors
of the trustees: Therefore,
•• Be it resolved, That the facts authorize the fol-
lowing statements: first, that the public schools of
this city, far from being 'comparatively worthless,'
will compare favorably in thoroughness of instruc-
tion and excellence of discipline with the schools of
any city in the country; second, that the school ac-
commodations have increased as rapidly as the de-
mand has warranted, and there are more vacant seats
than applicants; third, that the supply of teachers is
sufficient tor the wants of the schools; fourth, that
no scholar has been even temporarily dismissed
'for a tri&ing fault,' and none have been perma-
nently dismissed, except a few whose influence wasso
pernicious as to render expulsion absolutely neces-
sary; fifth, that any person entitled to a ticket of
admission can obtain one on calling at the residence
or place of business of any trustee in the District,
and no further time or trouble is necessary; sixth,
that although some of the school-rooms arts incon-
venient and even unfit for the purposes, few or none
are so small or poorlv constructed as to be nuisances,
while new and suitable buildings are taking the
place of the old as rapidly as the finances of the cor-
poration will permit.  
" Resolved, That we cordially invite all members
of Congress interested in education in this District
to make frequent visits to our schools, confident that
they will find teachers faithful, intelligent, com-
petent, and ambitious, scholars whoso minds and
bodies are carefully and judiciously trained* methods
of education and discipline worthy of the present
state of educational science, and, in many cases,
rooms well adapted to their uses, and furniture
equal to that in the most favored cities of the
Union.
" Itenolved, That we appeal to Congress for aid, not
because the people of tbiscitv have proved them-
selves unable or unwilling to discharge their duty in
the premises, not because, with an annual appro-
priation from the corporation constantly and rapidly
increasing, until this year tor white schools alone it
exceeds $173,000, our schools are yet a disgrace to the
nation, not as mendicants, but as almoners of the
nation's bounty to those for whose wants it should
provide, and because, forreasons stated in the memo-
rial to Congress, justice demands such aid, and be-
cause the rapid improvement and present flourish-
ing condition of our schools furnish evidence that
the needed appropriation would be judiciously and
pi'ofitably expended.
"The resolutions were adopted, and the secretary
was instructed to transmit a copy of the same to
Hon. "W. 1°. Prosser."
Mr. Speaker, a little more than a year ago
1 had the honor to make some remarks in this
House upon the subject of education, and in
the course of those remarks I made some allu-
sions to the schools of this District, which are
referred to in those resolutions. It was not
my purpose at that time to reflect upon the
trustees, managers, and teachers connected
with those schools so much as it was to call
the attention of Congress to the imperative
necessity that existed for additional legislation
and for pecuniary aid, in order that the schools
of this District might be made to correspond
in some degree with the wants of its citizens.
1 believed that Congress had been grossly
remiss in the discharge of its duty toward the
people of the District in the matter of educa-
tion. I knew something of the difficulties by
which the local authorities were surrounded in
endeavoring to establish schools without any
assistance from Congress either in the way ot
legislation or pecuniary aid.
There are now in the District four separate,
distinct, and independent boards of trustees,
charged with the care of its public schools, •
made up of some thirty or forty men; and
this fact alone would account for considerable
confusion and mismauagenrent. But, Mr.
Speaker, after giving the subject considerable
personal attention, I have come to the conclu-
sion that the remarks I made in the resolutions
which have just been read in reference to the
schools of this District are entirely correct
and more than justified by the facts. A per-
sonal examination will convince any one of the
fact that many of the schools are " compara-
tively worthless," and that they are " wholly
inadequate" to supply the wants of the child-
ren of the District. Speaking of some of the
school-rooms in the city of Washington, the
report of the trustees tells us that—
" Four of the old sheds on School square, now occu-
pied as school-rooms, originally erected for dwell-
ing-houses of a very inferior class, with ccilings but
seven or eight feet from the floor, with roofs and
walls as serviceable as a fishing net for a blanket,
keeping out only the coarsest part of the cold and
wet, arc, with all their surroundings, a disgrace to
the civilization of the community; an outrage upon
their unfortunate occupants, teachers and scholars,
and an insult to the trustees, who arc obliged to
continue the use of them."
This is the language of the trustees them-
selves, and would apply in a modified form to
a large number of the school-rooms of the
District; yet the same trustees passed the above
resolutions, claiming that their schools would
compare favorably with any in the country.
For the first time in five years the trustees of
Washington have made a report, though an
incomplete, imperfect, and unreliable one,
which of itself would justify all that I have
said of the schools of the District. The trus-
tees of the colored schools have also made a
report, which should be studied by those who
take an interest in educational matters. But
it is impossible for any man, woman, or child
