1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1583
from Nevada moves to lay the amendment on
the table.
The question being pnt, there were, on a
division—ayes 12, noes 24.
Mr. STEWART. I think we had better have
the yeas and nays.
Several Senators. No ; no.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, I will call for the
yeas and nays every time an appropriation is
going to be made out of the Treasury when
there is no necessity for it and nobody has
asked for it.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15,nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard.Carpenter,Chandler, Cole,
Conkling. Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland. Howe,
Howell. McCreery.Nye, Osborn, Robertson, Sprague,
and Stewart—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Ame*. Anthony.Buckingham, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Davis, Edmunds, Flanagan. Hamlin,
Ilarlan, Harris, McDonald, Ramsey.Rice. Ross, Saw-
yer, Seort. Thnrman, Viekers. and Wilson—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Blair.Boreman, Brown-
low, Cameron, Casserly, Cattell, Fenton, Ferry, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Texas. Hill. Howard. Johnston,
Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Patterson, Pom eroy. Pool, Pratt, Bev-
els. Saulsbnry, Schurz. Sherman, Spencer, Stearns,
Stockton, Sumner, Thayer. Tipton, Trumbull. War-
ner. Willey, Williams, and Yate3—33.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. COLE. I move that the absent mem-
bers, or those who did not answer to their
names, be called again.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend that in
this way: that the Clerk call the names of
those Senators who voted against having a
recess at half past four o'clock, and then went
away.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
not regard that as within the rule except by
unanimous consent-
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I would
propose to amend it further by calling those
who voted for a recess last night, and then did
not come here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves that the absentees be called
again for the purpose of sending for them, if
that should be the pleasure of the Senate.
Mr. ROBERTSON, (at five o'clock and
eighteen minutes p. m.) I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion has
priority.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Flanagan. Hamilton of
Maryland, Harlan, Harris, Howell, McCreery. Rice,
Robertson, Stewart, Thurman, and Viekers—12.
NAYS —Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Carpenter. Chandler. Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cra-
gin, Edmunds. Fowler. Hamlin. Howe, McDonald,
Nye. Osborn, Ramsey. Ross, Sawyer, Scott, Sprague,
Thayer, and Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Blaii% Bore-
man, Brownlow, Cameron, C.v;- crly, Cattell, 1 enton.
Ferry, Gilbert," Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Howard,
Johnston-, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool.
Pratt, Revels. Saulsbury, Sehurz, Sherman, Spencer,
Stearns. Stockton. Sumner. Tipton, Trumbull, War-
ner, Willey, Williams, and Yates—3S.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No quorum has
yet voted. Under the eighth rule, when a less
number than a quorum of the Senate are in
attendance, they are "authorized to send the
Sergeant-nt-Arms, or any other person or per-
sons by them authorized, for any or all absent
Senators, as the majority of such Senators
present shall agree." The Senator from Cali-
fornia desires the absentees to be called, so as
to except those who shall not be sent for.
Mr. COLE. I wish the absentees to be
called in order that we may know whom to
send for and whom to except.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will call the absentees.
The Chief Clerk called the names of Mr.
Abbott and Mr. Bayard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] is in his seat.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let him vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote has
been announced.
The Chief Clerk then called the names of
Mr. Blair and Mr. Bobemas, and there was
no response.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest that the roll be
called again. Perhaps I did not vote. I was
engaged in conversation, and did not know
there was any call of the roll going on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The two Sen-
ators who are now present [Mr. Bayard and
Mr. Casserly] would have made the quorum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest that, by unani-
mous consent, the roll be taken as called, ex-
cept those two names, and let them answer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont asks that, by unanimous consent, on
the motion to lay the amendment on the table,
the votes of the two Senators who were absent
when the result was announced, be added 
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair did not an-
nounce any result.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon the mo-
tion to lay the amendment upon the table.
The Chair hears no objection. The Secretary
will call the name of the Senator from Dela-
ware. The question is on the motion to lay
on the table the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Iowa.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The Sen-
ator from Delaware did vote on that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then itstilllacks
One of a quorum.
Mr. BAYARD. I did not vote on the ques-
tion of adjournment. I simply forgot to do
so. The thing passed by. I was thinking of
something else.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thirty-five Sen-
ators voted on each motion.
Mr. BAYARD. I voted to lay the amend-
ment on the table, but I did not vote on the
last call, on the adjournment. I forgot it. I
am ready to vote.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that we take the
Senator's vote on the adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the two Sen-
ators' names are added on the motion that the
Senate do now adjourn, they will make a quo-
rum, and, if there is no objection, that course
will be pursued. The Chair will recognize the
Senator from California as entitled to vote on
the motion that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CASSERLY. I vote "yea."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware?
Mr. BAYARD. I vote "nay."
Mr. HARLAN. Is there a quorum now
present ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I ask leave to with-
draw the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As soon as the
result of the vote is announced that will be
in order. On the motion that the Senate do
now adjourn the yeas are 13 and the nays 24.
The Senate refuses to adjourn. The Senator
from Iowa now asks consent to withdraw his
amendment. If there be no objection, it will
be regarded as withdrawn.
Mr. HARLAN. There are two or three
other amendments 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Withdraw those.
Mr. HARLAN. I will withdraw most of the
committee's amendments if the Senator desires
me to do so.
Mr. COLE. I understand the Senator to
withdraw the following amendment as.well, in
relation to surveying the "leased country."
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, at the request of the
Senator from California, I withdraw that amend;
ment also. On the next; one I should like to
have the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is it?
Mr. HARLAN. For the survey of some
small reservations in Oregon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be found
on page 12 of the printed amendments of the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. COLE. I think that had better be with-
drawn also. They are three amendments of
the same character.
Mr. HARLAN. This is very much needed,
I understand, in order to divide the land up
among the Indians actually on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert on page 73, after line seventeen
hundred and ninety-three, the following:
For surveying such reservations in Oregon tinder
treaty stipulations as may be rendered necessary,
$30,000.
Mr. STEWART. I will inquire if this is
for the purpose of allowing these Indians to
hold the land in severalty, and to keep every-
body off?
Mr. HARLAN, This relates to small res-
ervations in the State of Oregon, and it is pro-
posed to divide the land up in order to settle
the Indians on it in severalty, in pursuance of
the Senator's idea.
Mr. STEWART. If that is so I have no
objection to it.
Mr. CORBETT. I have three treaties here
that require this to be done.
Mr. STEWART. If that is the object I
have no objection to it.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmuxds] suggests to me
to make the appropriation $20,000, and I will
modify the amendment in that way. I desire
to facilitate the passage of the bill.
Mr. COLE. I have no knowledge whatever
on what this amendment is based.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was to insert on page 73, after
line seventeen hundred and ninety-three, the
following:
For this amount, to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to pay for supplies furnished by C. B.
Hedges to the Yankton Sioux Indians dnring No-
vember and December. 1866. and January, February,
March, April, and May, 1867, to prevent suffering
and absolute starvation of said Indians, 811,3^9.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a private claim.
Mr. COLE. That is certainly a private claim.
Mr. HARLAN. I will not argue the ques-
tion. I will take the opinion of the Chair
without argument.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
is unquestionably to provide for a private claim.
It may be meritorious ; but it is a private claim,
which cannot be moved on an appropriation
bill except by unanimous consent.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Chair so rules, I will
submit to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The chair so
rules. It may be meritorious; but it is not in
order as an amendment to an appropriation
bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was to insert on page 73, after
line seventeen hundred and ninety-three, the
following:
For tBis amount, to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to pay for supplies furnished by Durl'ee &
Peek to the Crows. Gros Ventres, and Assiniboines
Indians within the Montanasuperintendency during
January, February, March, and April, 1869, to pre-
vent suffering and absolute starvation of said In-
dians, $12,000; Provided, Tnat no part of this sum
shall be paid until the whole claim for supplies shall
be receipted in full.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is gov-
erned by the same principle.
Mr. HARLAN. The ruling of the Chair
applies to that also ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It applies to this
amendment also, which appears to be a merit-
orious claim, but it does not come within the
thirtieth rule.
Mr. HARLAN. The next amendment pro-
vides for the purchase or erection of buildings,
which the head of the Indian department
desires very much. He says it is absolutely
necessary, and I ask for a vote of the Senate
on that.
