1584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
The Chief Clerk readthe amendment, which
was to insert on page 73, after line seventeen
hundred and ninety-three, the following:
For the erection or purchase, at the discretion of
the Secretary of the Interior, of suitable buildings
for the Upper Missouri agency, near Fort Berthold,
88.000.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to know
something about that amendment. I suppose
it has a job in it.
Mr. HARLAN. The Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs says they mnst have the buildings
up there for the employ6s of the Government
and for the purpose, of storing goods.
Mr. STEWART. Probably somebody has
buildings up there that he wants to sell.
Mr. HARLAN. This amendment provides
either for the erection or purchase of buildings
at the discretion of the Secretary of the In-
terior.
Mr. STEWART. I think we had better
dispense with them until the necessity appears
for the purchase.
Mr. HARLAN. They cannot get along
without some kind of roof to live under and
put goods under. I must have a vote of the
Senate on this amendment.
Mr. STEWART. The amendment reads
"for the erection or purchase" of buildings.
I suggest that it be amended so as to provide
simply for the erection of buildings, striking
out the words " or purchase."
Mr. HARLAN. It is alfogether likely that
they can purchase buildings for a great deal
less than they could build them:
Mr. STEWART. I think it will give em-
ployment to the people up there to erect build-
ings. I would rather not buy any.
Mr. RAMSEY. I see that the next clause
provides:
For this amount, or so much thereof as maybe
in the opinion of the Secretary of the Interior just
and proper, to pay for rent of buildings for Upper
Missouri agency, &c., $2,000."
I think you had better erect a building there
than continue paying this amount of rent.
This relates evidently to the same locality.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly; it is the same
place.
Mr. RAMSEY. We had better erect or
buy a building at $8,000 than to be paying
$2,000 a year rent.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Sprague] suggests an
amendment to the amendment: "provided
that the same shall be necessary." I am will-
ing to accept that modification.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa modifies the amendment.
Mr.- STEWART. I will inquire if there is
any report from the Interior Department show-
ing the necessity for this?
Mr. HARLAN. 1 am not sure whether
there is a printed report or not, but the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs was with the com-
mittee, and called my attention to it again this
evening. He said it was an absolute necessity
of the service that they should have some kind
of shr.lter there for their property and goods.
Mr. CORBETT. The facts of the case are
these: there are some buildings there for
which the owners charge a large rent, I think
some thirty-five hundred dollars a year. They
have brought in a bill for that amount for rent.
The object of this amendment is to enable the
Department either to purchase some of these
buildings or else to erect buildings, at their
option, and save this enormous rent. The com-
mittee allowed $2,000 rent for the buildings.
Mr. STEWART. A building costing $8,000
is a pretty extensive esteblishment for an In-
dian agency. I think an $8,000. house is a
finer house than pioneers out there generally
have. I think about two thousand dollars
would build as good a house as the people
there have on an average. I move to strike
out "eight" and insert "two." I think that
will give them as good a house as they neeed.
Mr. CORBET!1. There are. a. number of
buildings required for this purpose. They
must have storehouses and agency buildings,
and school buildings, and everything of that
kind. The question is whether you can erect
these buildings for $2,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nevada move to amend the amend-
ment? . .
Mr. STEWART. No ; I will let the vote
be taken on the committee's amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, as modified by the Senator from Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert on page
73, after line seventeen hundred and ninety-
three, the following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be in
the opinion of the Secretary of the Interior just and
proper, to pay for rent of buildings.for Upper ..Mis-
souri agency at Fort Berthold, from July 1,1870, to
July 1, 1871, $2,000.
Mr. STEWART. I object to that as a pri-
vate claim. It is to pay for rent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is plainly a private
claim, being for a past debt; and therefore it
ought not to be allowed on this bill.
•The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa does not seem to press the amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire a ruling of the
Chair. If it is the opinion of the Chair that
it is a private claim I will not press it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is not a
private claim the Chair does not know what
it is. It certainly is a private claim. It does
not "carry out any provisions of existing law
or treaty stipulation," in the opinion of the
Chair. Pay for the rent of buildings certainly
is a private claim.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was to insert on page 73, after
line seventeen hundred and ninety-three, the
following- "
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay the
claims of Burfee & Peck for buildings erected at
Fort Union, Montana Territory, under the authority
of the United States Indian agent, and for depreda-
tions committed by a war party of Indians, $16,635.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Iowa press this amendment?
Mr. HARLAN. Under the ruling of the
Chair I cannot press it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
by the uniform ruling of the Senate these are
private claims.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was to insert on page 73, after
line seventeen hundred and ninety-three, the
following:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to indem-
nify K. H. Durfee & Co. for losses by depredations
committed by tho Comanche Indians, $7,511 75.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. That is also a private
claim.
Mr. HARLAN. It will fall.under the same
ruling, I suppose.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was on page 73, after line sev-
enteen hundred and ninety-three, to insert the
following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, to defray the expenses of
selecting: and setting: apart a reservation in Oregon
lor the use of such Indians as are not now on any
reservation, and such other Indians as the depart-
ment may deem it advisable to remove, to belocated
in that portion of country in the State of Oregon
situated between the forty-second and forty-fourth
parallel of latitude, and from one hundred and sev-
enteen to one hundred and twenty degrees of longi-
tude, which hereby is set apart and withdrawn from
settlement or location for tho term of eighteen
months, excepting so much as may have been, or
may be. granted for military or other road purposes,
to be selected by a commission to bo appointed by tho
President for that purpose, $2,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Iowa press this amendment?
Mr, HARLAN. I will take the judgment ;
of the honorable Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Corbktt] who is one of my associates ou the
committee.
Mr. CORBETT. There are between three
and four thousand of these Indians who are
not located on any reservations. This amend-
ment proposes to set apart a certain section of
country from which to select a reservation,
and the President is to appoint a commission
to examine that country, and it will be neces-
sary to take the Indians there to show them
the country where they are to be located. The
amendment appropriates $2,000 for that pur-
pose. The object is to give them lands in sev-
eralty if they conclude to remove.
Mr. COLE. That is another one of those
little encroachments from the same quarter.
There are twenty thousand Indians in Cali-
fornia who are not on reservations and who
ought to be gathered together; but we ask for
no appropriation for them.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was to insert on page 73, after
line seventeen hundred and ninety-three, the
following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to defray the expenses of determining the
location, and remarking with suitable monuments
the boundary line between the State of Kansas and
the Indian territory, and establishing the position
of the ninety-sixth meridian, west longitude, from
the State of Kansas to the north line of the Creek
country, in the Indian territory, $25,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa press this amendment ?
Mr. HARLAN. It is necessary to remark
the line between the State of Kansas and the
Indian territory and to establish the line be-
tween the Cherokees and Osages. The line
has been surveyed, and the Senate will ob
serve that the committee was careful in framing
this amendment, so as not to change the lint;
in any way but to remark it. This amend-
ment is to defray the expense of ascertaining
where it was located and remarking it, so that,
the Indians may know when they are on their
own side of the boundary line. I may remark
here that there is a tendency on the part of
the white people to press over and trespass on
the Indians.
Mr. STEWART. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator from Iowa what distance is to be surveyed
under this proposition ? When we provide for
surveying boundaries we ascertain the distance
and allow so much a mile.
Mr. HARLAN. The distance is in the
neighborhood of three hundred miles. Tho
Senators from Kansas can give it more accu-
rately than I can. I think the line has been
remarked from the Missouri boundary line to
the Neosho river.
Mr. STEWART. Are the initial points
fixed?
Mr. HARLAN. It has been surveyed.
Mr. STEWART. Then this is an enormous
sum for that purpose I
Mr. HARLAN. Let the honorable Senator
suggest some moderate sum if he thinks this
is too much; I do not want more than is
necessary.
Mr. STEWART. If it ever has been sur-
veyed and the monuments set and the initial
points found, they can go there and remark it
for five or ten thousand dollars'; §10,000 would
be ample.
. Mr. COLE. They can do it for much less
than that.
Mr. STEWART. There was a survey of
more than this distance, including the finding
of the initial point and all, in Nevada, where
everything is much more expensive, and it was
done for a much less amount.
Mr. HARLAN. I am not sure but that I
can accept the Senator's suggestion and make
the appropriation $10,000. I understand he
thinks that sufficient to remark the boundary
between the Indian territory and the State of
Kansas. But I suggest to him that there is
another line to be established between the
Cherokees and Osages. If he will say $15,000
I will agree to that modification,
Mr. STEWART. Say the same amount per
mile as you simply run a section line for.
