7-58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
principle of settlement and cultivation in dis-
posing of the public domain.
Now, let us look at the amendments offered
to this bill. Mr. Julian, the chairman of the
Committee on the Public Lands, proposes to
substitute for the whole bill a provision that
where homestead entries have been made, or
may hereafter be made, the time which the
settler may have served in the Army may be
deducted from the five years required under
the homestead law to acquire title. This is
just enough, as far as it goes; but all soldiers
are not settlers upon the public lands, and
never will be. The bill reported by the Mil-
itary Committee goes further, and allows the
soldier who cannot himself make an actual set-
tlement to assign his right to some other per-
son who is entitled to the benefits of the home-
stead law. Justice demands that all soldiers
should be rewarded alike. Equality is said to
be equity. But there is neither equality nor
equity in a bill so ingeniously devised that
scarcely one out of ten thousand of the sol-
diers oan be benefited by its provisions. If this
is to be the soldiers' bounty bill, it is simply a
fraud on its face.
The substitute offered by the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] is doubtless more lib-
eral, but does not, in my opinion, meet the
wants of the soldiers as completely, or as fully
guard the interests of the Government, as the
committee bill. It provides that the act of
September 28, 18o0, granting bounty lands to
the soldiers of the Mexican and other wars,
shall be extended to those who were in the
military service of the United States from 1801
to 1805, provided that no person shall locate
land warrants issued under this act, and held
by assignment, for more than one hundred and
sixty acres, and for actual settlement only. It
is worthy of remark that under the act of Sep-
tember 28, 1850, the sale or assignment of
these warrants was strictly prohibited. The
proviso is therefore inconsistent with the law
which the substitute proposes to extend. By
referring to the statutes the gentleman will find
that land warrants were made assignable by
the act of March 22, 1852, to which 110 refer-
ence is made in the substitute.
But, aside from these inconsistencies, there
are iwo serious objections to the proposition
of the gentleman irom Indiana. In the first
place, it is a departure from the settled policy
of the Government to dispose of the public
lands only to actual settlers. In the second
place, the bill would probably fail in the Sen-
ate. It attempts too much, and would in all
probability share the fate of the bill passed by
this House at the last session to equalize boun-
ties. The original bill is free from these objec-
tions. Every provision is carefully guarded.
All honorably-discharged soldiers are recog-
nized and stand upon an equal footing. They
can avail themselves of the benefits conferred
by actual settlement, or assign the rights to any
one who is authorized under existing laws to
enter a homestead. There will be no oppor-
tunity for fraud or speculation. The entry of
the land and the settlement within one year
by the soldier or his assignee are necessary
to acquire title.
It will hardly be claimed that the Govern-
ment is unable to confer this grant. Notwith-
standing thelarge grants heretofore made, the
public domain is amply sufficient for this pur-
pose without jeopardizing the rights of any
one. The report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office for 1870 shows that the
entire area of the public lands sold and unsold
was 1,834,998,400 acres. Of these had been
sold up to June 30, 1870, 447,260,190, leaving
1,387,732.210.
■Mr. JULIAN. That statement includes
Alaska, which is wholly worthless for purposes
of settlement-
Mr. STO UGHTON. Taking the most lib-
eral estimate of the number of soldiers and
sailors who would be entitled under this bill
'0 enter lauds, 2,243,509, and multiplying this
by 160, it would give 369,305,440 acres as the
amount of land that would ultimately be re-
quired iu case the claims were all allowed.
Deduct this from the public lands now un-
sold, and the Government would still have
1,018,426,770 acres. Will any one pretend
that the nation cannot afford to do this act
of justice?
I will only add, Mr. Speaker, that I believe
that the bill reported by the committee will
satisfy the soldiers. It will be a graceful and
deserved recognition of their distinguished
services. Less than this Congress cannot
with any degree of justice and consistency
offer. To attempt to do more would probably
revolutionize our land policy and defeat the
object in view. I therefore hope that the
amendments and substitute will be rejected,
and the bill in its original form become a law.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. I desire as much as he does
to benefit those who are really the pensioners
of the Government; but I wish to know whether
he has made any calculation so as to be, able
to state to the House what real benefit this
provision will be to the soldier who is unable
or unwilling to avail himself of its benefits by
actual settlement? It is all very well to talk
about justice to the soldier ; but would not the
measure which the gentleman advocates be a
mockery to the one-legged or one-armed man
who cannot leave his home' to go upon the
prairies of the West to take advantage of this
bounty of the Government? Will the gentle-
man tell us how much this right would be worth
in dollars and cents to the unfortunate soldier
who cannot leave his home to occupy the land ?
How much would this grant realize to him in
the market among the men who, in brokers'
offices, are ready to combine to get under their
control any rights which we may grant the
soldier ?
Had we not better do this? I admit and
insist that we should do more for those who
periled life and lost limbs that the nation
should not perish. Then let us do something
not a mockery merely. Say that the American
Congress gives each soldier one hundred and
sixty acres of laud, with all the limitations and
incumbrances imposed by this bill. When he
puts himself upon the market he will be cir-
cumvented by brokers, by the same class of men
who hunted the soldier in the past. When we
gave bounty in town and county bonds on long
credits we all know how much money reached
the pockets of t'nc soldiers. It was a mere
pittance. There will be the same difficulty
now when the soldier is told that his Gov-
ernment has recognized his services and its
own obligations, and obtains a certificate for
one hundred and sixty acres of land. These
same brokers will again combine, and he will
be able only to place a few dollars in his
pocket, and he will be humiliated to find that
this proposition of bounty, heralded with a
great flourish of trumpets, is but a shadow,
furnishing no substantial rellity. I will go to
the farthest extent to increase the pension
of the soldiers, which will furnish bread to
maimed and wounded who cannot possibly re-
move to and are physically unable to cultivate
the public domain ; but I do ask that we shall
not mock the soldier with the pretended bounty
of public lands in the far West, when that gift
is rendered valueless by the condition and in-
cumbrance of occupation and improvement to
this great class to-day suffering in poverty,
and who need most not bounty, not charity,
but justice from a great Government, which
has tailed in its unfulfilled obligations toward
tardy recognition of the men through whose
sufferings and poverty that Government to-day
lives among the nations of the earth. I desire
some measure that will benefit the soldier, the
orphan, and widow, and not the brokers and
sharpers, who, for their own enrichment, would
stand between the honorable scars and poverty
of the nation's defenders and the bounty of the
Government.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I cannot yield to the
gentleman any further.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to make a single re-
mark in answer to the gentleman from New
York. This bill gives the right to any soldier
to go upon one hundred and sixty acres of the
public land and settle there. He has three
years, and if he cannot go there he has the
right to assign that privilege to any man who
is entitled to enter a homestead. It exhausts
the homestead right of both men. It costs
nothing. The soldier can sell his right for
something. It is useless for the gentleman
from New York to stand up and say that the
soldiers will be defrauded. They are a class
of men who can take care of their own rights.
They will not be shaved by "^harpers."
Mr. NEGLEY. They took care of the gen-
tleman's rights during the war.
Mr. STOTJGHTON. Yes, sir. I wish to
say one word further. When the gentleman
refers to one-legged and one-armed, soldiers
I will tell him that there are many of those
soldiers, incapable of physical - labor, who
would like to have a homestead carved out
of the public domain of the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. IIOLMAN. Inasmuch as the subject
is now before the House, I will ask to have
read, not to come out of my time, a joint
resolution of the Legislature of Indiana.
The Clerk read as follows :
A joint resolution relative to granting lands to
soldiers.
"Whereas it has been customary in times past in all
the wars in which our country has been engaged,
except the war of the great rebellion of 1861, for the
General Government to reward their soldiers and
seamen, or their widows and orphans, by granting
homesteads upon the public domain; Thereiore,
lie it resolved bu the General Assembly of the State
of Indiana, Xhafc our Senators bo instructed and our
Representatives in Congress be requested to uiaku
all proper exertion to procure the passage of a law
through Congress to allow every soldier and seaman
(their widows and orphans) who has served ninety
days or upward in the Army or Navy of the United
States in ttie war of the great rebellion of 1861, and
who was honorably discharged, to select one hundred
and sixty acres of the public lands subject to sale,
including alternate reserved sections along the lines
of railroads, without requiring occupancy of the
same.
Jlesohed, That the Governor be instructed to com-
municate this joint resolution to our Senators and
Representatives iu Congress.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The joint resolution of the
Legislature of Indiana, which has been read,
was adopted by the senate of that body, after
full consideration, by a unanimous vote, and
in the house of representatives with but two
dissenting voices ; and I am prepared to say
that the resolution expresses the general senti-
ment of the people of Indiana without regard
to any differences of party.
Mi\ NEGLEY. Does not that arise from
their experience of the speculations in the
Wabash canal?
Mr. HOLMAN. Largely so, no doubt, for
the people of Indiana greatly prefer that the
men w'ho defended the integrity of the Union
should have the public lands than the land
monopolists. The people of Indiana are im-
pressed with the belief that no better disposi-
tion can be made of the public lands than to
reward those who periled their lives in defense
of the Union.
Mr. HAWLEY. I would ask the gentleman
from Indianawhether this joint resolution does
not expressly provide that occupancy shall pre-
cede any benefit to be derived from it ?
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir; on the contrary,
the joint resolution provides that the lands shall
be given to the soldier without regard to occu-
pancy.
Mr. IIAWLEY. Then I misunderstood it.
Mr. JULIAN. I beg to state to my col-
league [Mr. Hox.ma^] that my congressional
district utterly repudiates the sentiments em-
bodied in that joint resolution.
Mr."HOLMAN. On the contrary, so far as
the people of the fourth congressional district
of Indiana may be presumed to be represented
in the Legislature of the Stale, they have em-
