1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
pbatically approved of the principles set forth
in this joint resolution—in the senate without
one dissenting voice; and farther, sir, when
the people of Indiana remember that at the
beginningof the war in 1861, and again in 1862,
the whole State was placarded over with hand-
bills, having the sanction of the highest officers
of the State, that every soldier entering the
service would receive his bounty lands in con-
formity with the traditional policy of the Gov-
ern raent, they will not consent to an act of bad
faith to the soldiers, and they urge upon Con-
gress in the most emphatic terms this act of
justice to the soldiers of the late war. The
voice of the Legislature is the true voice of
the people of ihe State.
Mr. MUNGEN. The same is true of Ohio.
Mr. HOLMAN. No more graceful or proper
thing can be done than the giving to the sol-
dieis of the late war bounties in the public
lands. It has been the policy of the Govern-
ment in every preceding war. Why discrim-
inate against the soldiers of the late war?
Why be so apprehensive of injustice being
done to the soldiers? Why should the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Vast Wyck] ques-
tion the capacity of that portion of our fellow-
citizens who have exhibited their manhood on
the battle-field to defend their own rights and
protect their own interests against the body
of sharpers and plunderers who are now swarm-
ing in every possible avenue of this Govern-
ment to avail themselves of opportunities of
speculation for their own benefit to the gen-
eral detriment? The soldier is no more likely
to fall a victim to their rapacity than gentle-
men having great public interests in their
hands from whom the dexterous adventurers
have obtained imperial grants of the public
lands, and that, too, utterly without consider-
ation.
Gentlemen have no reason to apprehend
that the soldier will be defrauded of his rights.
We have no right to refuse justice to the sol-
dier by indulging in such apprehensions, but
yet we should guard against fraudulent prac-
tices as far as it can be done by law; for the
rest we must rely on the intelligence and good
sense of the soldier.
Mr. Speaker, there are two things to be con-
sidered in a system of land bounties. The one
is to secure to every soldier and seaman, and
their widows and minor children, whetherable
to enter on the public lands or not, the bene-
fits of the general bounty of the Government.
This bounty should be open to all. The sec-
ond is to prevent the evil of which the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Van Wyck] com-
plains; that is, to prevent speculators and
stock-jobbers from becoming the real recip-
ients of this bounty by becoming purchasers
of land warrants that may be issued and enter-
ing the public lands in vast bodies. With all
deference to the other propositions pending, I
submit thatthe substitute which I have offered
the most nearly accomplishes both objects. I
think it would be a most unjust thing—and I
submit to my colleague [Mr. Julias'] whether
it would not—to cut off from this bounty that
great body of our soldiers who, while in the
Union Arrav, or since the close of the war, have
become disabled from availing themselves of
thebenefitsofthebounty. What! asoldierwho
has lost his limbs in battle, and cannot enter
upon the lands, shall he be deprived of par-
ticipating in the general bounty of the Govern-
ment? The soldier who, since the war termin-
ated, has been stricken down by disease, shall
he be deprived of this right? bhall the widow
and the orphan children of the dead soldier oe
deprived of the right?
Mr. JULIAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to answer his question?
Mr. DOLMAN. I will.
Mr. JULIAN. I will answer the query ot
the gentleman. The soldier who has been
wound«d and disabled in the service is unable
to till the soil, and the soil is made to be tilled
just as much as theair is made to be breathed.
The thing for the Government to do, therefore,
is to see that some able-bodied man shall culti-
vate it, and that the disabled soldier shall have
such bounty in money as will make him com-
fortable if not independent.
Mr. VAN WYCK. In justice to myself, I
must be permitted to say that that is the idea
that I attempted to suggest. I cannot allow
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holm ax]
to put me in the position of antagonizing any
measure which has a tendency to give the
most liberal bounty to those men who de-
fended his rights and mine on the battle-field.
But I would ask the gentleman from Indiana
how much these land warrants would be worth
to the soldiers, when any man can go out and
locate one hundred and sixty acres of land
under the homestead law ? I want to say that
if this bill passes in its present shape, in a year
or two the holders will pay not to exceed ten
dollars in full for the soldier's right to occupy
one hundred and sixty acres of land. Give
him something valuable, and do not mock him
with a measure like this. The nation and this
Congress admit the justice of the soldier's
claim and their own obligations, yet barely
recognize the one and imperfectly discharge the
other in this bill, which really deceives in the
words of promise in its title.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have always noticed
when this subject has been up this same anx-
iety to prevent injustice being done to the sol-
dier has been the excuse for refusing to do him
justice. For fear somebody shall take advan-
tage of him you refuse to give him his bounty.
I would say to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Vax Wyck,] who has commanded troops
in the field, some of the soldiers who we claim
are entitled to bounty, that he certainly knows
enough of the manhood and capacity of the
men who formed the Army of the Union to
know that they are as unlikely to be victims
of injustice and fraud as any other portion of
the American people. I am willing to rely
upon their capacity to protect their own rights
and attend to their own affairs. I am not
willing to legislate on the presumption that
the soldiers of the Union Army, the most
intelligent body of men that ever rallied under
aflag, are incapable of the intelligent manage-
ment of. any bouuty their Government may
confer.
But, Mr. Speaker, as I have said, two things
are to be looked to in a bill of this kind. The
first is to secure to every soldier the henefit
of this law, and the second is to prevent the
bounty-land warrants being the subject of
mere speculation and the entry of the lauds
in large bodies, and to secure the actual occu-
pancy of the lands by settlers who will make
them permanent homes. The substitute which
I have offered proposes to give to every soldier
who served during the late war, undertbe pro-
visions of the bounty act of 1850—the law wiiich
applied to the soldiers of the war of the Revolu-
tion, of the war of 1812, of the Mexican war,
and of all the wars in which the Government
had been engaged with the Indian tribes—to
give to every soldier who settles upon his
bounty land a patent at once; not a delay of
five years, but a title at once. I urged upon
my colleague [Mr. Julian] six years ago to
make this discrimination in behalf of the sol-
diers ; but my colleague then thought it was
wrong to break the harmony of the homestead
system, although he now approaches it some-
what in the measure that is submitted as a
substitute for my proposition.
My substitute proposes, secondly, that if the
soldier, by reason of his =ervice in the field,
or by disease or misfortune since the war term-
inated, or from any cause, is unable to avail
himself of the benefits of this bounty, he may
transfer his bounty warrant, and the same may
be located by an actual pettier on a tract not
exceeding a quarter section, and the patent at
once issued. The limitation of any one per-
son to a quarter of a section of land prevents
| monopoly. Thus you avert the gteat evil
which is growing upon us day by day of the
monopoly of the public lands and the accu-
mulating of lands in large bodies in the hands
of speculators. This was the course of the old
bounty system. It will have the effect of
securing lands in small quantities, of one hun-
dred and sixty acres each, to the people of the
United States. The only difference would be
that in the case of disabled soldiers, instead
of the $1 25 per acre going to the Govern-
ment under the preemption laws, it would go
to the soldier who avails himself of the pro-
visions of the law and is unable to occupy the
land. The proposition of my colleague [Mr.
Vooiuiees] first called the attention ot the
House to the justice of issuing bounty-land
warrants to disabled soldiers who were unable
to obtain the benefits of the homestead law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Indiana tell the House how much he
thinks the soldiers will be able to realize
apiece for their land warrants ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I will say to the gentle-
man that the warrants issued under the agri-
cultural college scrip system are worth nearly
par, $1 25 per acre, and have been worth
nearly par for the last twelve mouths.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. When any citizens of
the United States may get a homestead of one
hundred and sixty acres of land by paying ten
dollars—and I understand the gentleman's
amendment to require that these land war-
rants shall only be located by actual settlers—
how much does he expect the soldier will real-
ize for his certificate?
Mr. HOLMAN. My answer is this: no fact
is better understood by gentlemen than that
persons settling on the public domain under
the provisions of the homestead act are so
anxious to secure an indefeasible title, putting
their right to theland beyond all question, that
they almost without exception, where they
have the ability to do so, pay the $1 25 per
acre for the land within the period of five years.
Therefore, in any view of the subject, this light
of the soldier to sell bis land warrant to a person
who shall actually locate it for a home is a valu-
able right, a very valuable right. It is the near-
est, gentlemen, that you can get to securing to
the soldier himself who is not able to go upon
the land and occupy it the benefits of the home-
stead law, and at the same time benefit, the
Government by securing the ownership of the
public lands only by actual settlers. It is a
blow, sir, at the growing evil and blighting
curse of excessive land monopoly for specu-
lation.
Mr. VAN WYCK. The gentleman asks
members why they are not wiiLing to give to
the soldiers of the late war the same benefits
which were given the soldiers of 1812. I would
ask him why he is not willing to do that same
thing? To the soldiers of the war of 1812 you
gave a title to one hundred and sixty acres ot
land. But you do notpropose to do that now;
you incumber this gift to the American soldier
so that it shall be valueless to him.
Mr. HOLMAN. My friend from New York
[Mr. Vas Wyck] will excuse me. But a gen-
tleman who opposes giving the soldier any-
thing cannot come back on me, becausel have
shown him how to secure this right to the sol-
dier and at the same time promote the best
interests of the country.
Mr. VAN WYCK. The gentleman cannot
put me in a false position_ by saying that I am
unwilling to give the soldier anything.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman cannot
come back on me, by saying that I would em-
barrass the soldier in this right, when he him-
self is unwilling to give the soldier any benefit
of the bounty of the Government.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I am not opposed to
giving tiie soldier any benefit, and the gentle-
man has no right to say that.
Mr. HOLMAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, refer-
ring to the proposition of my colleague, [Mr.
i Julias',] he us tliat w()ul(i require Sill
the lands that the Government could, wit it ns
