152
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GTLOBE.
[February 17,
Ho. of Reps.
Trust Funds—Mr. Lawrence.
41st Cong.... 3d Sess.
this office, I wrote to the then Secretary of the
Treasury: 41 herewith transmit a complete de-
scriptive list of all bonds, coupons, and securities
held in trust for the Chickasaws, left in this office
for safe-keeping. From inspection of the? books it
appears that some of the securities belonging to
this trust fand have from time to time been with-
drawn in whole or in part, and replaced sometimes
by the same and sometimes by other securities. .
" 'Sixty-six thousand six hundred and sixty-six
dollars and sixty-six cents of Tennessee State bonds
Tpere so withdrawn on the 31st of January, m tne
year 1855, and have never been replaced in kind or
by others. . .
" 'While protesting that the Treasurer is in no
yray pecuniarily responsible for the sate-keeping
of these papers, he would most respectfully sug-
gest the propriety of asking authority from Con-
gress to sell the securities, place the money accru-
ing from such sale in the national Treasury, issu-
ing therefor a single Government bond for the
amount of the entire trust, and have the interest
of the same lor the payment of the annuities pro-
vided for annually in the Indian appropriation
bill. . . ,
"'Many of the securities are coupon bonds, and
are transferable on delivery, and are therefore sub-
ject to the danger of being purloined, converted,
and lost to the trust or to the Government.'
"What was then said is equally true now. The
same reasons that demanded the change then exist
now, and. the only valid known objection that could
then have been urged, namely, that the Govern-
ment stocks were at so high a rate of premium as to
bring the rate of interest lower than could be real-
ized by investment in other stocks, is now removed.
The Government rates are now as good as others.
Then the Government had no need to borrow any
money. Now it i3 compelled to borrow largely.
"This mode would seem to be very desirable on the
part ot the Government for borrowing,and equally
so forinvestment on the part of the parties for whose
benefit the trusts were created.
"Much laborand expense mightbe saved, andmuch
©are, anxiety, and risk be avoided, if all the Govern-
ment securities now held by tho Treasurer in trust,
for any purpose whatever, should appear only on the
books of the Treasury Department in the name and
to the credit of any national bank or any other trust.
"A simple letter, in duplicate, addressed respect-
ively to the party in interest and to tho Treasurer
of the United States, stating the fact of such credit,
would seem to be sufficient to satisfy every require-
ment.
"In all cases like the Smithsonian fund, or the
Indian annuity funds, a better way still would be to
sell all the stocks now held in trust, and to cover
the avails received therefor into tho Treasury; all
amounts hcreaftor so received to be in like manner
covered into the Treasury. Tho annuities as they
become due could be provided for in tho appropri-
ate annual appropriation bill. Such a process would
make these transactions so simple and plain as to
leave little labor for the Department, and all tho
matters pertaining to these trust lunds would be
better understood and cared for by the Congress and
by the people of tho United States. If a law should
bo passed authorizing such a disposition of these
trusts, it would close the door to peculation and
fraud, and obviate every possible risk and danger
of lose, Had such a law existed ten years ago, the
great larceny of trust-fund bonds, committed in
another Department, could not havo been perpe-
fcratExecutive Document iVo. 2, second session
Fortieth Congress, p. 144.
Treasury ok the United States,
Washington, January 10,1868.
Dear Sir: * * * * House bill No. 55,
that you inclosed mo, should become a law. It meets
my views exactly, with the exception of the four lines
that F have inclosed in brackets. I do not think it
exactly right for a Government to plead a statute
of limitation in avoidance of the payment of an holi-
est debt. There is inclosed yoaherowith a draft of
four additional sections, that would very properly
follow your bill, as they are germane to oach other.
I submitted the whole mattci to the honorable
the Secretary of the Treasury, aud have his entire
approval, with the exception that ho preters that
the words in brackets at the close of the second sec-
tion be stricken out, and the words "six per cent."
inserted in lieu thereof. I rather, on reflection, agree
with him in this, as it will be more simple: my only
fear is that some dishonest officer may by and bye
take a trust at too high a rato. I really hope you
"will be able to procure the passage of some bill iuto
a law that will make ail the Government trust funds
simple and safe. 4 x * * * *
Very respectfully, yours,
F. E. SPINNER,
Treasurer of the United plates,
[From the Cincinnati Gazette of November 6,1869.]
the financial question.
To the Editor of the Cincinnati Gazette:
The financial question seems to be still an open
one, else the journals would not daily be filled with
schemes and propositions for relieving our mone-
tary embarrassments. Pennit me also, therefore, to
lay before your readers my views on this very im-
portantsubiect. Now is the time to discuss these
matters. The fall elections are over, politics have
retired for awhile, and Congress "Will soon meet,
when the subject of finance will be one of the first
to engage its earnest attention. Congress, however,
should be prepared for discussion by knowing the
wants of the people.
Financial p li<-y.~~Our national debt is, in round
figures, $2,500,000,000, partly in bonds bearing inter-
est, partly in currency, forming the circulating me-
dium of the country. This amount is so large that
it has defied all the measures for a speedy reduction
thus far brought into operation. The great object, an
early resumption of specie payment, is as far in the
future as ever. Our indebtedness is in such ashape
that its immense weight crushes our small gold
means almost hopelessly down.
" Divide and conquer" used to be of old and effec-
tive rule. Let us see whether this maxim can be
made operative in the present state of our national
finances.
If by congressional enactment all the funds held
in trust for orphans, public charities, &c„ or other
institutions which could be reached by such a law,
were made to be deposited to the care of the United
States at a uniform rate of interest, at say five per
cent., free of taxation, &c., the amount of such de-
posits would reach, within the next five years, the
sum of $1,250,000,000, or fully one half of our present
national debt. A new bond or certificate of deposit
should be created for this purpose, which always
would be par, neither above nor below; it would
not appear in market, as it would only have the
character of a special deposit, yet bearing interest.
Tnis measure would not increase the principal activ-
ity of Wall street.
With the moneys thu<? accumulating in the Treas-
ury, the former issues of bonds, the five-twenty and
the ten-forty, should be redeemed; at first, how-
ever, those held by the national banks, tho cur-
rency of which, thus reduced, should be replaced
at once by an equal amount of greenbacks.
Thus it will be seen that by^ the above measure we
double the power of redemptiorfof the greatest part
of the national debt, inasmuch as we retire more
than one half of the debt in a new kind ot bond, a
special deposit, belonging to our own citizens, and
then using the very means thus acquired—not by
increase of taxation or inflation of currency—in
redeeming the balance of the debt, withoutincrease
of taxation or additions to the circulation.
The above measure, however, would only be half
effectual in good results, if not joined to another,
which should givo us ampio means to redeem our
greenbacks in specie when wanted.
To dc this we should contract a four and a half per
ccnt. loan in Europe to the amount of 6200,000,000,
either with the Barings or Rothschilds; this can be
done if wc make the above amount not payable at
once, but in bimonthly rates, say $20,000,000 every
two months. This proviso would enable the Euro-
pean banker to furnish the requisite amount of gold,
and would enable us to discharge our coupon debt
in Europe without sending gold to Europe.
By this policy tho gold would accumulate in the
United States Treasury to such an extent that in
less than ten months we would have in its vaults
$-00,000,000, a sufficient amount, according to bank
rules, to redeem three times that amount of paper
money, which is very nearly that of the present
currency. Thus, we would have specie payment in
less than ten months from the day we inaugurate
the above policy.
It will also bo seen that the above two measures
must be put intd operation together; not one alone,
as they are both needed to accomplish what we want,
namely, an early resumption of specie payment,
without increase of taxes or currency.
Tho gold from Europe, even a double amount,
say $400,000,000, if it could be had at all, would be
a mere drop in the bucket as long as the weight of
one half of the national debt is not lifted off of it.
This we do by retiring 81,200,000,000 in trust bonds.
The effect of such a policy on the industries of the
country would be most beneficial. It would provide
a place of sate, profitable deposit for the so-called
dead or uncommercial capital, and liberate the com-
mercial capital by withdrawing from it the easy
possibility of a bond investment, thus forcing it to
engage in profitable activity among the produce,
manufactures, and real estate of the country; capital
thereby would really increase in volume, which fact in
its turn would cheek the downward tendency ot prices.
The establishment of a permanent trust fund for
the deposit of moneys belonging to orphans, public
charities, &c., would be a real blessing for the coun-
try and should never be abolished entirely, even if
the immediate necessity therefor should cease to
exist; it would operate as a most powerful bond of
national unity; this I consider not the least of its
bcneficial effects.
Let me give in the following a short rSsumS of the
above plan and its results:
Our present debt is, say $2,500,000,000
Deduct by absorption in trust bonds 1,250,000,000
Leaves  1,250.000.000
Of this exists in currency  750,000,000
Leaves    $300,000,000
. This sum is manageable for early redemption, ?ay
in five yea.rs, and that by greenbacks, which will
have long before the expiration ot that time become
equal to specie in value.
The remaining $200,000,000 borrowed in Europe
can easily be redeemed if our revenue remains largo
and our Administration economical and honest, as
it is at present. Our taxes can soon be judiciously
and safely diminished as the debt becomes less op-
pressive in its effects upon the labor of th^country.
We can safely expect a diminution of tax&s withiri
two years, at most, after the above financial policy
goes into operation. |j. PULTE.
[From the Cincinnati Gazette of November 13,1809 ;
by Hon. E. D. Mansfield.]
Financial policy.—The correspondent of the Ga-
zette, signed " J. II. P.," (i  whom I recognize an
intelligent and patriotic citizen of Cincinnati,) sug-
gests a new mode of facilitating (for we cannot pay-
faster than we have the ready money) the payment
ot the public debt. His principle is to divide and
conquer; that is, he would retire half the debt in a
new species of five per cent, bond, and borrowing in
Europe (not sending the gold)a sufficient amount to
pay interest, and in one year resume specie payment
on the accumulated fund the Government would
have on hand. It is not of the general plan, but of
one feature ot it, on which I would comment. The
substance of this is contained in the following para-
graph:
" If by congressional enactmentall the funds held
in trust for orphans, public charities, &c., or other
institutions which could be reached by such a law,
were made to be deposited to the care of the United
States at a uniform rate of interest, at say five per
cent., free of taxation, &c., the amount of such de-
posits would reach, within the next five years, the
sum of $1,250,000,000, or fully one half of our present
national debt. A new bond or certificate of deposit,
should be created for this purpose, which always
would be par, neither above nor below; it would not
appear in market, as it would only have the char-
acter of a special deposit, yet bearing interest. This1
measure would not increase the principal activity of
Wail street. With the moneys thus accumulating
in the Treasury, the former issues ot bonds, the five-
twenty and the ten-forty, should be redeemed; at
first, however, those held by the national banks, the
currency of which, thus reduced, should be replaced
at once by an equal amount of greenbacks."
The whole merit of this idea consists in making a
given amount of capital now inactive, in the hands*
of courts, institutions, charities, &c., also inactive m
the hands of the Government, and thus withdrawing
from the active markets a large amount of the present
Government bonds. Two questions will arise on this
plan: fhst, whether the Government really has power
to do this; and second, whether the amount, as " J,
IX. P."' believes, will be of sufficient magnitude to
make it of importance. The first point we shall not
discuss, since it is about to come up in Congress, and
will no doubt receive the full consideration, both as
to law and policy, which the talent and learning of
that body can give it. A bill is now pending in Con-
gress, drawn up by Judge Lawrence, of the fourth
or Logan district, approved by the late Secretary'
McCulloch and by Treasurer Spinner, covering this
ground and including all money deposited by order
of courts. How much money is there of the descrip-
tion of trust and charity funds which can be con-
vertible into Governmentfunds? There are no accu-
rate means of determining this exactly, but we can
suggest some data, which induce us to believe the
amount would be very considerable.
In the eastern States the capital invested in sav-
ings-banks must be two or three hundred million
dollars. The great object ofthese banks is to invest
the money of their depositors so that it shall be ab-
solutely safe and convertible. For this purpose,,
they now invest very largely in Government bonds,
and the people, whom politicians are pleased to style
"bloated bondholders," are largely the widows, or-
phans, and laboring men of the country. The in-
vestment in the new formof perinanentGovernment
bonds would be preferred, but to the Government
would be only a chango of form; a change, however,
which in a financial point of view would be advan-
tageous. After these, there are several companies
in New York, Philadelphia, and Boston having
immense capital employed chiefly in trust bonds,
making their deposits in banks or investments in
various kinds of stocks. Next alter thesecome the
deposits by order of courts, which exist in almost
every county of the UnitedBtates. sometimes small*
but in the aggregate very large. We have no certain
means of proving how large these may be; and
although statistics on that point might be obtained,
it would be with great difficulty. In the State of
Ohio the amount ot the annual moneyed judgments
in our courts average about ten million dollars,,
but this is no test of anything.
The administration of trust funds, under the con-
trol of the courts, is not at all included in this.
Again, the amount of the mortgage debt in Ohio
amounts to near one hundred million dollars, but
four fifths of this arise out of the sales of lands and
houses, and determine nothing in regaid to the
availability, or rattier the mobility, of this great
fund. There is. however, beyond doubt,a veiy large
amount ot funds under the control of the courts
which would seek the most permanent gohl-bearing,
and therefore most marketable, seeuiiti-es of the
United States. "J. 11. P." estimates the amount of
available lunds of a trust and charitable character
at about two hundred million dollars per annum,
(that is, 5*1.200,000,000 in five years.,) and possibly it
may be so, though we think exaggerated. If the plan
