760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
present means, survey in twenty-nine years to
obtain surveyed laud enough to secure the
benefits of this bill to those who have served
the .Republic in the late war. Sir, according
to the very last report on our tables from the
Laud Office, there is now a very large area
of public land surveyed and open for settle-
ment. Now, even according to the calculation
of the gentleman, only 869,000,000 acres -of
land, certainly far less than the entire body
of public lands, would be necessary to secure
to every soldier who imperiled his life for the
salvation of the Republic the beuefit of that
bounty which, according to the policy of our
fathers, was deemed the just and reasonable
light of- the soldier.
Mr. J0LIAN. My colleague is entirely
mistaken. If he will examine closely the offi-
cial record ho will find that he is entirely mis-
taken in regard to the amount of surveyed
land now offered for sale by the Government.
I think it does not exceed eighteen million
acres.^
The 508,507,702 acres which he says are
now surveyed and open to settlement is the
aggregate of the Government surveys since
the year 1785, as the gentleman will see if he
will examine the Laud Office report. Of this
amount the Government has already disposed
of 447,200,190 acres; &nd of the remainder
much is unfit for cultivation, and several mil-
lions are Indian lands not yet under the con-
trol of the land department. I am sorry my
colleague has strayed so far from the facts.
But I want, to ask the gentleman one ques-
tion. Does he not know that under the old
Mexican war land-warrant system the price of
the warrants went down to thirty-five or forty
cents per acre? And if that was the fact,
would the right, to transfer these warrants
bring to the soldier anything at all but a piti-
ful mockery of his just claims now when the
homestead law offers land to everybody at a
price next to nothing?
Mi'. HOLMAN. I am not mistaken in my
statement of the amount of public lands sur-
veyed. I am not willing to admit, or to have
my colleague assert, that the magnanimous
policy of' this Government for more than half
a century toward the men who fought its bat-
tles was wholly wrong. The soldier who set-
tles upon his bounty land gets a title to his
lands at once. Is not this a valuable right? I
am not willing to admit that the men made a
mistake who trained the laws that gave lands to
the soldiers of the war of the Revolution, and
of the war of 1812, and of the war with Mex-
ico. _ Suppose that in a few instances some
soldiers have been the victims of speculators,
shall every soldier be deprived of his just
claim on that account?
By the proposition of my fiiend from Mich-
igan [Mr. Sioughton] the homestead entry
certificates may be sold ; but I fear, sir, that
his scheme will be full of embarrassment in
practice, and will doubtless be largely pro-
ductive of fraud. I propose a simple plan,
unembarrassed by machinery, to give to the
soldier what you promised him at the open-
ing of the war. He had a right to rely on the
traditional policy of his Government. Let us
carry it out in good faith. When the great
body of our Army went into the field no one
queHtioned the right of the soldier to this
bouut.y. _ Let ns act in good faith. Let not
this nation rest under the imputation nnder
which it now rests, of having induced its citi-
zens to enter the military service by represent-
ations never inteftded to be fulfilled.
Mr. Speaker, the provision of the act of
1850 is exceedingly just, and I ask' that it be
read. The soldiers are entitled to the bounty
in the following order.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Those who engaged to serve twelve months or
(luring the war, and actually served nine months,
shall leccireonc hundred andsixty acres ; and those
who eugnsred tu sei ve .six months andactuallyserved
four months shall receivo eighty acres ; and tho.-so
wno engaged to serve for aoy oran indefinite periodi
and actually served one month, shall receive forty
acres: Provided, That wherever any officer or soldier
was honorably discharged in consequence of dis-
ability in the service, before the expiration of his
period of service, he shall receive_tho a,mount to
which he would have been entitled if he had served
the full period for which he had engaged to serve."
Mr. HOLMAN. No bill was ever more
carefully considered by Congress than this
measure. Fortunately the terms of service as
indicated by the set of 1850 apply properly
with the terms of service in the late war.
I submit, Mr. Speaker, that the lands al-
ready surveyed are sufficient to meet the pro-
visions of this bill without regard to the bodies
of lands which are entirely unsurveyed. The
whole country expects that Congress will pass
in some form a measure which shall secure
bounty lands to the soldiers. The public sen-
timent upon this question has been clearly
expressed. Congress will not meet the public
expectation unless it passes a law which shall
in fact secune bounty in the public lands to
every soldier, and will jiot be satisfied with a
deceptive measure, such as passed Congress
at the last session, extending to the soldiers
supposed benefits with reference to the lan<f
granted to railroad corporations. That meas-
ure has been found to be a delusion and a cheat.
If this bill be passed it at once puts an end to
the plundering schemes so persistently urged
here by monopolists who are ever grasping at
your public domain. It forever withdraws a
vast body of the public lands from the opera-
tion of those corrupt and corrupting schemes
which seek to give the public lands to wealthy
corporations. Putting an end to this perni-
cious policy, we shall at the same time extend
to those most entitled to the public lands this
grateful acknowledgment of their services to
the Government.
Mr. VAN THUMP. Before the gentleman
sits down 1 hope he will yield to me to offer
an amendment to his amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the morning hour
expires I desire to snter a motion to recommit
the bill, so that the question may be more
immediately within the control of the House.
Mr. LOGAN. I have just come into the
House, and I desire to ask a question of the
Chair with reference to the position of this
bill. Is it now before the House for a vote?
The SPEAKER. The original bill is pend-
ing, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute offered by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman.] For this another gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] moves a substitute.
There is also pending an amendment to the
original text, offered by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin.] There is besides
an ameridm'ent offered by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ckebs.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Van Thump,] that he may
move his amendment; and I withdraw for that
purpose the motion to recommit.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I move to'amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] by striking out all after the
word "lands," in the fifteenth line.
The SPEAKER. The amendment cannot be
received without unanimous consent, as there
are already pending as many amendments as
the rules permit. Is there unanimous consent
that the gentleman from Ohio may offer his
amendment?
Mr. NEGLEY. I object.
Mr. BOLES. Is it in order to move an
amendment as a substitute?
The SPEAKER. It is not; two amend-
ments, in the form of substitutes, are already
pending.
Mr. BOLES. If I can get the opportunity
I shall move the following amendment:
_ lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That each and every soldier who enlisted in the
Army of the United States after the 18th day of April,
1861, who seived for the period of three months, and
li:u< been honnrablydischarged, ant! the widow, minor
children, or paients. in the order named, of any such
soldior who died in the service of the United fatates
of disease or wounds received or contracted while in
the service and in the line of duty, shall be paid the
additional bounty of $200 hereby authorized.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has my time expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. HOLMAN. My potion to recommit is
pending?
The SPEAKER. It is; and the bill goes
over to Tuesday next.
enrolled bill.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee oil
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill (H. R. No.
2535) for the relief of Noah Fisher; when the
Speaker signed the same.
william leahy.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, the
House, on motion of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Booker,] referred the following
preamble and resolution to the Committee on
Military Affairs :
Whereas Major General Ji. S. Canby did, on the
22d day of September, 1869, while commanding the
department of Virginia, known as district No. 1,
issue the following order:
[Special Orders No. 204—Extract.]
Headqitaeters First Military District.
State of Virginia, September 22, 1869.
Pnragruplt VI.—The county courfc of Pittsylvania,
county, Virginia., when assembled at its adjourned
extra session, and at any further adjournment there-
of, and composed of not more than five justices, will
proceed to act upon the bond of William Leahy, as
sheriff of that county. The bond to be required of
said Leahy shall not exceed in amount the sum
required in the former bond of this officer, and
the security offered personally, or by the power ot'
attorney, shall be considered with a view to assur-
ance of taithful performances of otlicial duty only,
not regarding technicality or hypercriticism in judg-
ing thereof; and the securities shall be received tor
the full value of the estate shown by the affidavit of
the surety or sureties to be owned by him or them.
If a classification of the judges has not been made,
as directed by law, the presiding justice shall desig-
nate the justices who, with himself, shall constitute
the couit, which will then proceed us directed in
paragraph 2, Special Orders No. 173, of August 1G,
irorn these headquarters.
By command ot Brevet Major General Canhv:
LOUIS V. CAZIA11C,
Aid-de-cumv and A. A. A. O.
And whereas it is alleged and charged that thesaid
William Leahy, as sheriff of tbo said county of Pitt-
sylvania, in the State of Viiginia, is in default in the
sum of $9,443 29 of the county levy of said county,
and in the sum of $5,370 19 of the revenue tax due
the Commonwealth of Virginia, and that the sure-
ties on the said official bond of the said Leahy, at the
time they signed and acknowledged the same, were
not in possessionof orownersof any amountof prop-
erty which was unincumbered, and that they are
now totally insolvent: Therefore,
llesohed, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be, and they are hereby, directed to inquire whether
the said order issued by Major General Canby was
not in violation of law j and whether thesaid order,
so far as it commanded the county court of Pittsyl-
vania county to receive the statements of thesaid
sureties *'for the full value of the estate shown by
the affidavit of the surety or sureties to be owned by
him or them," and in not allowing the said bourt to
hear rebutting testimony as to the value of the es-
tate owned by said sureties, was not in violation of
the act of Congress passed on the 2d day of March,
1867, entitled "An act to provide for the more effi-
cient government of the rebel Statesand that the
said committee have power to send for persons and
papers, and to report by bill or otherwise.
Now, we do not deem that we have juris-
diction of the matter, and therefore I have
been directed to report them back, and move
that they be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to,
agricultural college funds.
Mr. ARNELL. Mr. Speaker, under the
authority granted to the Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor to report at any time, and in
pursuance of the notice given yesterday, I call
up House bill No. 2417, for the better security
of agricultural college funds.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United State* of America m ConoreuH awm-
bted. That itshall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Inieiiorto cause to be ascertained the amount of
hind scrip issued to the several States and Territo-
ries in pursuance of the act of July 2,1862, entitled
"An act donating public funds to the several States
