1871.
THE OOJNT(xRESSIOMAL GLOBE.
761
nnd Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and industrial arts," and of
all ant's and parts of acts and resolutions amendatory
thereof anil supplementary thereto, the date of issue
and the person to whomissued.thedisposilion made
thereof by the several States and Territories, the
manner in which proceeds have been invested and
are now held, what institutions have been estab-
lished or endowed pursuant to said acts, and the
amount of funds actually received by each; and he
shall make report touching all the requirements of
this act to the two Houses of Congress at the com-
mencement of each regular session.
See. 2. And be it further enacted. That no change
shall be made in the investment of said funds, or of
any part thereof, without the approval of the Sec-
retary of the Interior; nor shall the endowment of
any collegiate institution originally made nnder
the provisions of said acts be abated, withdrawn,
or otherwise diminished under any pretense, or any
other disposition made of the funds constituting
«uch endowment, or of any part thereof, without
the sanction and approval of the Secretary of the
Interior, made upon an examination and report
of the Commissioner of Education.
Seo 3. And be it further enacted. That whoever
shall be guilty of embezzling the said funds, or
the interest accruing thereon, or shall knowingly
and willfully misapply the same, or appropriate, or
cause to be appropriated, and suffer or permit to be
appropriated, the same or any jpart thereof to any
object, use, institution, or establishment other than
to the collegiate institution originally holding the
same as an endowment, or shall willfully withhold
and refuse to pay, on properly authorized applica-
tion, thosaid funds or any parttheraof to such colle-
giate institution without the sanction and approval
of the Secretary otthe Interior first obtained, shall,
tor every such offense, be fined not exceeding §5,000.
and imprisoned not exceeding five years; or, for
theoifense of willfully withholding any of the said
funds, the person so offending shall be liable to pun-
ishment for each and every month the same are so
withheld as for a separate and distinct offense. "And
jurisdiction, civil and criminal, over all the matters
in this act contained, and over the said agricultural
college funds, for their better investment and faith-
ful application according to the true intent and
inclining of this act, is vested in the circuit courts
of the United States.
Sfc 4 And be it further enacted. That m case any
State shall have failed or may hereafter fail to com-
ply with the conditions upon which said scrip shall
have been issued to said State,, or with any engage-
ment or contract with the United States, entered
into by such State in consideration of such issue, it
shall be the duty of the Attorney (general of the
United States to file a bill in equity in the Supreme
Court of the United .States against said State in the
name of the United States for the enforcement of
said condition or contract. The Supreme Court oi
the United States is hereby vested with jurisdiction
in equity over the subject-matter of such bill, and
shall have power to make all such orders and decrees
and issue such processes as may be necessary to carry
into execution the purposes of this act.
Mr. SARGENT. It is the understanding
that this bill shall take only half an hour, and
I give notice that at the end of that time I
shall move to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the Indian
appropriation bill.
Mr. ARNELL. Mr. Speaker, this bill has
been carefully prepared by the Committee on
Education and Labor for the purpose of pro-
tec!in** the agricultural school fund. JLhe hrst
section simply provides for report from the
Secretary ; the second, that there shall he no
change made in regard to the disposition of
the funds ; the third, the necessary penalties ;
and the fourth, that jurisdiction shall be given
to the Supreme Court of the United States.
These briefly are the provisions of the bill,
and as I am pressed for time, I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. ARNELL' demanded Uieprevious ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The House was divided; and there were—
ayes 45, noes 15; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will allow uie to move in the third
section to insert after the word endowment
the words "or system of common schools ot
SUMr8ARNELL. What effect will that have?
Mr. HOLMAN. It will allow any State
which desires to appropriate the funds derive
from the sale of these public lands to its com-
mon-school system.
• Mr. ARNELL. That amendment woultl
defeat the whole object of the bill.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Holmax and Mr.
Aits ell.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 85, noes 26.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. STILES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. ARNELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indian claims.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Interior, transmitting, for the consider-
ation of Congress, the claim of A. J. Smith for
supplies furnished to the "Sheep-Eaters," or
northern bands of Shoshone Indians.
Mr. SARGENT. I would suggest to the
Chair that all such claims should go to the
Committee of Claims rather than to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting, for the
consideration of Congress, the claims of James
Bordeau and Clement Lamoreaux on account
of depredations by Sioux Indians ; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a fetter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting, for the
consideration of Congress, the claim of Wyan-
dott Indians for property taken from them by
whites; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting, for the
consideration of Congress, the claim of Bligh
E. Wood on account of depredations by Yank-
ton Sioux Indians; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting, for the
consideration of Congress, the claim of Joseph
Bissonetteon account of depredations of Sioux,
Cheyenne, and Arapahoe Indians ; which was
referred to the Committee of Ol&imSj and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting, for the
consideration of Congress, the claim of Bal-
tazar Martin on account of depredations by
Navajoe Indians-; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be^
printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent. laid before the House a letter irom the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting, for
the consideration of Congress, the claim ot W.
H. Moore & Co. for depredations committed
by Cheyenne Indians; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
foreign commerce of united states.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in anStoer to a res-
olution of the House of the 23d instant, in rela-
tion to the foreign commerce of the United
States ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
COI-UJIIsrA INSTITUTION 1'Oit DKAF AND DUMB.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a re-
port of the receipts and disbursements of the
Columbia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb
for the year ending June 30, 1870; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
communication from the President of the
Columbia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb
accompanying the above report.
The Clerk read as follows:
Columbia Institution foe the Deaf and Dumb.
Washington, January 26, 1871.
Sir: I have the honor in submitting the inclosed
communication, as required by law, to invite the
House of Representatives to be present at the dedi-
cation bf the main central building of this institu-
tion, on Sunday afternoon next, at three o'clock.
The President of the United States, acting in his '
capacity ds patron of this institution, will preside
over the exercises of dedication.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant.
E. M. GALLAUDET, President.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the Souse of Representatives.
robert tillson and company.
On Biotipp of Mr. HAWLEY, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from the
Committee of Claims the papers in th(| esse of
Robert Tillson & Co.
thapdeus murpiiy.
On motion of Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from the
Committee on Military Affairs the papers in the
case of Thaddeus Murphy.
w. a. saylok.
On motion of Mr. DAWJ3S, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Appropriations
was discharged from the farther considera-
tion of the bill (H. R. No. 2794) making an
appropriation to indemnify W. A. Saylor, of
Bryan, Texas, for internal revenue taxes ille-
gally assessed and collected during the years
1867 and 18G8.
reapportionment qf representation.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
present a joint resolution of the State of Illi-
nois, in relation to the reapportionment of con-
gressional representation, and to move that it
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved by the House of Representatives of theState
of Illinois, (the Senate concurring therein.) lhat
our Senators in Congress be instructed, and our
Representatives be requested, to use all their in-
fluence to procure the passage of a lawby the pres-
ent Congress reapportioning congressional repre-
sentation upon the basis of the census, ol 18i0, anil
that such reapportionment be made to_ apply to tno
Forty-Second Congress, the term of which begins on
the 4th March next. ,,
Passed by both houses of the General Assembly
this 16th day of January.^ gHEpARDi CT<rfc
The joint resolution was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and oidered to
be printed. Wabash iuvbr.
Mr. LOGAN. I also ask unanimous con-
sent to present a joint resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Illinois, in relation to an appropriation
for the improvement of the navigation of the
Wabash river, and to move that it be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State
of Illinois, That her Senators in Congress be in-
structed, and her Representatives be requested,
to uso all proper means to obtain an appropria-
tion for'the improvement of the navigation oi the
Wabash river, and that thiGovernor be requested
to transmit a copy of this resolution to each Sena-
tor and Representative irofti tm& estate.
I hereby certify that the foregoing resolution
passed the Senate tTanua^yll'38/1.
e. ii. grrggs. Secretary of the Senate.
I herebv certify that the foregoing resolution
passed the houseof
The joint resolution was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
minted.
