1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
The Clerk iea'l as follows;
L>kpakt:£i:nvt of tub Ixterioh,
WASHINGTON, D. 0., January 1871.
Sir: I have tho honor to transmit herewith a copy
of a communication, dated the 4th instant, from the
Commissioner of Indian Affair?, with the accom-
pan> ins paper, being an estimate of funds required
f r the payment < !' annuities to certain Winnebago
Indian.', as provided in sections nine and ten of thp
act making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses ot the Indian department, and for
fuililiing treaty stipulations with various tribes, for
the year ending June ?fj. 1671, and for other pur-
poses, approved July 15,1870.
The subject is respectfully submitted for the favor-
able fon'idrration of Congress.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0. DELANO, Secretary,
Hon. James G. Bi.vtxk,
Speaker oj the J fame of Rej/resentalives.
Br PART ME N'T OP THE IXTEBIOR,
Oi-tice ok Indian Affairs,
Washington", D. C., January, 4,1871.
Sir: The ninth section of the act making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, :md for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with vatious tribes, for the year end-
ing June 30,1871. and tor other purpose?, provides
• that the Secretary of the Interior be, and hereby
K directed to cau>se to be investigated and to de-
termine the claims of certain Indians of the Winne-
bago tribe, now lawfully residing in the State of
Minnesota; to i&fcue patents without the right of
alienation to those of them whom he shall find to
be entitled thereto for the lands heretofore allotted
to them in severalty, or which may have been des-
ignated by them for allotment under the provisions
ot the treaty ratified March 16,1801, or of an act
entitled'An act tor the removal of the Winnebago
Indians, and tor the sale of their reservation in
.Minnesota for their henefit/ approved February 21.
1W), and which may not have been sold or disposed
ot i.y the United States; and in ca.se of such sale,
tiic-ii Mich land as maybe hereafter designated by
Ui'-m for allotment as aforesaid, out of any unsold
londs within the limits of said Winnebago reserva-
tion in Minnesota; and, should it be impracticable
to make such allotments within the limits of said
reservation on good agricultural lands, then they
in,iv be made on any public lands of the United
£>  iue> subject to sale at private entry within the State
< i Minnesota. And the said Winnebago Indians,
and all others bong members ot said tribe, lawfully
iaiding in the State ot Minnesota, shall hereafter
be entitled to receivetheir,promtadistributive pro-
portion of all annuities m goods, money, or prop-
erty, and any other moneys to which said tribe is or
may be entitled under any law or treaty now in
ioice, afc their homes in Minnesota, the same as
though they had removed west and settled with the
tte-tem Winncbagoes."
The tenth section of the same act further provides
" that if at any time hereafter any of the said Indians
shall <le>ire to become citizens of the United totates
they shall make application to .the judgeof the dis-
ttin coui t of the United States forthedistrict of Min-
710-ota and in open court make the same proof and
take the same oath of ailegianceas is provided by
law for th#  naturalization of aliens, and shall also
make proof to the satisfaction of said court that they
aie sufficiently intelligent and prudent to control
their affairs and interests; that they have adopted
the habits of civilized life, and have, for at least live
•v ear* previous thereto, been able to support them-
st-ives and families; whereupon they shall be de-
cided by said court to be citizens of the United
States which declaration shall be entered of record,
and a certificate thereof given to said party. On the
presentation of said certificate to the Secretary ot
the Interior, with satisfactory proot of identity, he
may, at the request of such person or persons, cause
the land severally held by them to be conveyed to
thpm by patent in tee simple, with power ot alien-
ation. and may, at the same time, cause to be paid
to them their proportion of all moneys and ettects
(if said tribe held in trust by or under the provision
of anv treatv or law of the United States. And on
such patents boinghsued, and such payments ordered
to be made, such persons shall cease to be members
of «-ud tribe, and theie.ifter the lands so patented
to thr-m shall be suh.iect to levy, taxation, and sale,
in like manner with the propeity ot other citizens.
Tho following is a statement ot the annuities and
funds belonging to said Indians: .,t n.
For this amount, placed to the credit of said Indians
on the books ot the Treasury, at five per cent.,
p->r iouith article treaty November 1, lbo<. and
ioint resolution Julv 17. 1S6-, (12 Statute*, pages
Wk>,) and act of March 3,1863, (^StatuteSjPaee
For thi" amount, placed to their credit on
the books of the Treasury, at Jive per
cent., per fourth article of treaty October
For this amount, placed to the credit of said
Indians on the books ot the Ireasuiy, at
five per cmt., heine the amount, in part
taken from their tribal funds to pay tue
expenses of their removal from Minne-
sota, provided for in_ puohc act No. lbi,
approved Jul.v 15,18;0   _
SojOOO
Total.
200.000
*1.2S5.U00
The tribe number*, per census• h"":
dred and thirty-one bou!.-. One bundle. c*
of this number, residing in Minnesota, have elected
to become citizens, and have complied with the re-
quirements of sections nine and ten of the act above
referred to, as regards the things to be done by them
to entitle them to receive their proportion of the
cash value of the credits of the tribe. There will be
about ten additional members of the tribe who will
probably avail themselves of the opportunity of be-
coming citizens, making the number one hundred
and sixty who willbeentitledtoshareiathedivision
of the common fund.
With these data, and taking the foregoing state-
ment as a basis of calculation, the amounts found
due said one hundred and sixty are as follows:
For amount placed to the credit of said Indians on
the books of the Treasury, as per fourth article
treaty November 1.1837, cash value of the shares
of one hundred and sixty, equal to  $104,500 85
For amount placed to the credit of said
Indians on the books of the Treasury,
as per fourth article treaty October 13,
1846, at cash value, one hundred and
sixty  8,883 08
For this amount, placed to the credit of
said Indians for the purpose of refund-
ing the amount taken from their tribal
funds to pay the expenses of their re-
moval from Minnesota, at cash value... 20,901 37
Total amount due one hundred and
sixty persons  $134,291 30
which will have to be appropriated by Congress
before a settlement can be made, as contemplated
by sections nine and ten of the act approved July
15,1870.
I inclose herewith an estimate of appropriations
required to pay said one hundred and sixty Winne-
bagoes their shares of said annuities, and respect-
fully request that the same be laid before Congress
for proper action by that body.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
E.S. PARKER,
Commissioner.
Hon. Columbus Delano, Secretary of the Interior.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the amendments offered by the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] will be considered
as adopted.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read as follows:
Yankton tribe of Sioux: *
For third ot ten installments, (second series,) to be
paid to them or expended for their benefit, com-
mencing with the year in which they shall remove
to and settle and reside upon their reservation, per
fourth article treats' April 19,185S. 140,000.
For insurance and transportation ot goods tor the
Yanktons, fel.500.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to amend by
adding after the paragraph just read the fol-
lowing :
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to ratify any of the so-called treaties
entered into with any tribe, band, or party ot
Indians, since the 20th July, lb6<.
Mr. Chairman, I suppose it is not necessary
that I should go into any extended discussion
of the propriety of this amendment. This
House has again and again affirmed the prin-
ciple that the treaty-making power cannot bind
this branch of Congress to make ail appropri-
ation of money. To these particular treaties
which fall within the purview of this amend-
ment there are still greater objections than the
general objection which lies to all treaties of
this character, and these objections are very
well understood by the committee.
During the last session of Congress this
House refused to agree to any bill making
appropriations for the Indian service until h
provision was inserted affirming the principle
of the amendment which 1 have now proposed.
By an error of the enrolli ng clerk that provision
was omitted from the bill as it now stands on
the statute-book. 1 send to the Clerk's desk to
be read a resolution, which was passed on the
5th day of last December, to correct that error.
I submit this as showing that this House has
already affirmed the principle which my amend-
ment embodies.
The Clerk read as follows:'
Jointresolution to supply an omission in an enrolled
Be it resolved by the Sennte'emdHowof Jlepremntn-
JeVoftZ Un,tJlU«te, of America
hied That the act approved July la, 13(0. mak,°s
•WW fi&T SS&3
r.!n^Ju\c30^8^:?n.^Ifo!d"L?pur:
0 SThat "othin6itt
this act contained or in any of the provisions thereof
shall be so construed as to ratify, approve, or dis-
affirm any treaty made with any tribes, bands, or
parties of Indians since the 20th of July, 1807,or
atfirm or disaffirm any of the powers of the Execu-
tive and Senate over the subject.
Passed the House of Representatives December 5,
1870.
Attest: EDWARD McPHERSON, Clcrh.
Mr. SARGENT. Pro forma, I oppose the
amendment merely to say that I think the
House was right in the position which it held
upon this matter up to almost the last moment
of the last session. Yet I think that the
amendment which was agreed to in the com-
mittee of conference was not so strong as the
provision which we had enforced in previous
bills; for in those we had compelled the assent
of the Senate to the proposition that nothing
contained in our legislation should be con-
strued to affirm, ratify, or countenance any of
those treaties. This'was diluted, however, by
the committee of conference, whose report was
assented to by the House, so as to say that the
provisions of the act should neither affirm nor
disaffirm the validity of those treaties. In this
form it was less emphatic in expressing the
opinion of the House.
I believe, however, that in the weary closing
bours of the last session my friend and col-
league on the Committee on Appropriations
did possibly the very best that he could do
under the circumstances. I know that there
was a terrible pressure upon him, as there was
upon myself and every one who was contend-
ing in the House for this principle, that fre
should not prolong the session which seemed
to be almost wearing the souls out of us. We
were urged to adopt no course which would
necessitate the calling of an extra session im-
mediately after our adjournment, or cause the
regular session to be prolonged by the addi-
tion of several days, which would have been
the inevitable result if the House had adhered
to its original position.
It is very well known, I believe, that the
Indian appropriation bill last year passed the
House two or three months before the close
of the session. We sent it to the Senate thus
eaily. It was, however, delayed in that body,
or at any rate in the Committee on Appropri-
ations there, until a very late hour of the ses-
sion. It finally reached us when there was
no time to discuss these great principles or to
insist upon the position which the House had
theretofore taken ; and we were brought face
to face with the alternative of spending several
weeks here perhaps, under a burning July sun,
liable to have other legislation of an undesira-
ble character forced upon fte attention-of Con-
gress, and perhaps an Indian war on our hands,
or else admit, so far as the committee of con-
ference admitted, that the House would consent
that nothing in the legislation should affirm
or deny those treaties, and so far retreat from
the position of the House.
I do not speak of these things by way of cen-
sure now. I wish I could believe if this amend-
ment be incorporated it will have the effect my
friend from Ohio desires, that it might termin-
ate all such treaties, and renew the protest on
the part of the House made heretofore. I do
not believe it is more than a mere brutum ful-
men. I do not object to it as I hope it will do
some good ia showing what is our position on
the subject.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
last word.
Mr. Chairman, as far as the phraseology ot
this amendment goes, I should have very little
to say about it as a mere piece of writing. -It is
not intended by anything in this bill to affirm
either the ten commandments or the hord s
prayer. But this amendment means more than
appears; it means to assert by this House the
prerogative, the power, to determine whether a
! treaty made by the treaty-making power of the
! Government is binding on this nation or not.
1 Mr LAWRENCE. I will inquire of the gen-
i tlema'n from Tennessee whether a so-called
