187).
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1589
Kansas and by the Indian tribe that this strip
shall be sold; and there is a provision to that
effect in a treaty between the tribe and the Gov-
ernment. This is simply to carry the treaty
into execution. It proposes, as is agreeable
to the people of Kansas, that the land shall be
sold in convenient forms and sizes: that the
lands shall be appraised by commissioners, one
to be appointed by the tribe and the other by
the Government, and if they do not agree in
the price at which it shall be appraised, that a
third commissioner shall be selected by the
two to do that office. This proposition is
especially to this effect: that any Cherokee
Indian that chooses to take one hundred and
sixty acres of the land at the appraised price
shall have that option. Furthermore, if any
Cherokee heretofore had settled upon this strip
and had died his heirs shall have the privilege
of taking tbe one hundred and sixty acres at
the appraised price; and then, furthermore,
the entire proceeds of this trust land, after the
sale shall have been made and the expenses
paid, shall be invested in registered bonds for
the use of the Cherokee nation. That is the
whole of it, and I think it is an amendment
that ought to be adopted. Upon this proposi-
tion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If we are to have the
yeas and nays anyhow, we may as well have
them upon laying it on the table. This is a
matter of legislation which may be right or
may be wrong; but in this appropriation bill
we have no means of ascertaining now, with-
out the report of a committee, what ought to
be done. Therefore I move to lay the amend-
ment on the table.
Mr. DAVIS. Upon that motion I call for
tbe yeas and nays.
Tbe yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Carpenter,Qhan-
dler, Cole, Conklin?, Edmunds, Hamlin, Howe,
Ilowell, Nye, Rice, Robertson. Sawyer. Scott, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stewart, and Wiiley—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckingham, Casserly,
Corbett. Cragin, Davis, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Ua. !an. McDonald, Ramsey, Boss,
Thayer, and Thurman—15. „
ABSENT —Messrs. Abbott. Blair, Boreman,
Browulow, Cameron. Cattell. Fenton. Ferry, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Hill. Howard,
Johnston, Kellogg. Lewis, McCreery, Morrill
of Maine. Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Pat-
terson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Revels, Saulsbury,
Sehurs, Spencer. Stearns, Stockton, Sumner, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner. Williams. Wilson,
and Yates—39.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No quorum has
voted.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be directed to invite the attendance of
absent members.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
first state the proposition. The Senator from
California moves that the Sergeant-at-Arms be
authorized, by himself and deputies, to invite
the attendance of absent members.
Mr. THUIiMAN. Forty Senators are absent,
some of whom have gone away to get good
dinners and then come back and require us to
stay to night without dinner.
Mr. CASSERLY. Two have just comeback,
having done that.
Mr. THURMAN. For my own part, I think
I have done quite as much as I am wiMing
to do in this way of staying bere to make a
quorum when other Senators, to the amount
ot more than half tbe Senate, will not stay in
their places. I have been anxious to stand by
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations and see him through with this bill to-
day i I have done so at some inconvenience,
and now I feel absolved from doing more, and
I move that the Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves that the Senate do now adjourn.
The question being put, the motion was not
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, that the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed,
by himself and assistants, to invite the attend-
ance of absent Senators.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the objection to
this proposition 1
Mr. THURMAN. The objection is that it
is a farce, and always has been.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us see if it cannot
be something else than a farce.
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to me that the
motion ought to be amended so as to provide
that the Sergeant-at-Arms shall not permit gen-
tlemen to go away and then come back after
they have eaten their dinners.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-
at-Arms, if this motion should be agreed to,
would be governed by the eighth rule, and
would be subject to the censure of the body if
he did not comply with the order of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the call for the
yeas and nays will be withdrawn. Its only
effect is to consume time.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not withdraw the
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FOWLER. I would request the Sena-
tor from Ohio to withdraw this call, and I
should hope that the Senator from California
also would withdraw his motion. He can get
his bill through without this motion. In my
judgment, it is too late now to commence this
business of calling in absent Senators. If we
had adjourned over, or taken a recess until a
proper time in the evening, Senators would "be
here to vote when a vote was taken without a
call of the Senate. I do not think it is alto-
gether proper to send for them now.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think there is very great
force in what was said by the Senator from
Ohio. I concur most cheerfully and most thor-
oughly in the suggestions which he made; and
yet I do not see that they relieve us from the
difficult position in which we are placed.
I have voted, I believe, on all occasions, to
remain here, and, in accordance with my vote.
I have stayed, as has the Senator from Ohio.
Others have not. This thing of physical endur-
ance in bringing the Senate to a final vote
upon appropriation bills I have so often seen
that I do not ever expect to see the day when
we shall get them through without it. Now I
shall, if the vote is insisted upon, vote affirm-
atively, to request the attendance of the Sen-
ators who are not here. But as an alternative
proposition I have risen for the purpose of
making a suggestion. I think the debate on
this bill has about closed. I think the coun-
try will not suffer any; I think the Senate will
not die in ignorance, if we have no more de-
bate upon this bill. I have now risen for fche
purpose of making the suggestion, for the
consideration of the Senate, that we agree
unanimously to take the question on this bill
at twelve o'clock to-morrow without debate.
["Yes!"]
Mr. STEWART. I shall have to object to
that, provided there are new amendments to
be offered.
Mr. HAMLIN. We can vote on the amend-
ments without debate. I insist that there is
not so much necessity of hearing Senators
speak. It is not a very violent presumption
that men in this body can vote intelligently if
they do not have talk after talk, hour after
hour. Now, the Senator from Nevada will
agree, I hope, to this proposition, and if
amendments are offered let us vote upon them
without debate. I make the suggestion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the trouble is that
we are without a quorum, and cannot agree to
anything except as matter of honor. _
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that under the usage of the Senate a
minority as well as a majority can make these
agreements, for they depend entirely upon the
Senators themselves for their enforcement. _
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. Thanking
the Chair for the suggestion, I propose that
we now agree unanimously, as I believe all
the amendments have been offered that were
intended on all sides, to vote upon the bill as it
stands without further amendment to-morrow
at twelve o'clock. Let us make that agree-
ment now, just as if we had a quorum.
Mr. DAVIS. I have an amendment to offer,
and I intend to offer it; but I am not desirous
to say one solitary word in its favor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. I will except
the amendment of my friend from Kentucky,
so that he may offer it.
Mr. COLE. Let us agree that after voting
on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky we then vote upon the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And that we take it up
immediately after the close of resolutions in
the morning hour.
Mr. STEWART. Let the amendments be
offered now, so that we can see what they
are.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have two or three
amendments to offer, which I Bhall want to
present before the bill is finally acted on ; but
shall I not detain the Senate more than two or
three minutes by anything I may have to say on
them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The trouble of that, as
we found on the last occasion of making such
an agreement, is that we are foreclosed from
an explanation of amendments that ought to
be explained. After our experience on that
occasion I will never consent, for one, to vote
in the dark, except as to some one amendment
that I can inform myself about without hearing
it explained. If we are to have this bill open
to-morrow to the general run of amendments
we had better dispose of it now.
Mr. STEWART. Let us dispose of it now.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have given notice
of my amendments, and they are in print.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the call proceed.
Mr. THURMAN. I believe the question is
on the motion to send for the absentees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, Mr. President,
what has experience taught us about that? The
Sergeant-at-Arms will go oat and find five, or
six, or seven members and get them in. Then
there willbe aquorum ; then we shall proceed;
and all the rest who are absent, and who ought
to be in their places, may stay at home if they
please, or they mny come here after the bill is
passed. That is just exactly what will be the
result of it. Or if he does not find enough to
make a quorum, because others will be leav-
ing, who do not feel themselves bound to stay
here under the circumstances, the cousequeuce
is that we shall stay here for two or three
hours while the Sergeant-at-Arms is roam-
ing about the city to hunt up members, and
finally adjourn.
Now, sir, a word in regard to the amount
of time taken here on this bill in debate. I
do say that, so far as my observation has gone,
and I have been a pretty close observer of it,
I have never known iess time wasted than
there has been on this bill. Here is a bill
appropriating between five and six million
dollars. It is a subject that to a great part of
the Senate is extremely obscure, and which
requires explanation at almost every step we
take ; and 1 do think that as great forbearance
has been manifested by the members ot the
Senate in the time they have consumed in
speaking, in the interrogatories they have put
to the chairmen of the committees having the
bill under charge, as ever I have seen in ray
life. If we are to act intelligently at all, it
the Senate is to do anything, if it is not (o sur-
render all its power to a mereeommittee, you
cannot get through with a bill of this kind
without some examination, however shgat it
may be. The only regret is that there has not
been more time for discussion and more full
discussion. That is the truth about it. Here
is a bill that appropriates by the million, and
there are not ten Senators m this body that
understand one third of the appropriations in
