1590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
it or the reasons for them. If this were a
party measure before the Senate every seat
would be full; but when it is simply to vote
away $>5,000,000 out of the Treasury more
than half the Senators are away.
I, for one, do not think the Senate should
see fit to sit here in a sort of child's play,
sending for absentees, waiting until we can
rope in enough men to make a quorum, and
then proceed with such a measure as this. I
again move that the Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio renews the motion that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I rise to make one suggestion
in aid of the effort put forth by the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. -Hamlin.] When it was
proposed that we agree to vote to-morrow at
twelve o'clock on the passage of the bill, with-
out any further amendments being offered,
every Senator seemed to acquiesce in that
proposition, with two or three exceptions,
individuals who said they had amendments to
offer. Very well. When it was proposed that
they might offer those amendments, and that
they be acted on without debate, the Senator
from Vermont objected, because he does not
like the practice of voting on amendments
without hearing them explained. But does
not the Senator see that when he asks us to
pass the bill as it is, and to vote upon it as it
is, he is content to come to that issue?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not by any means, for
it has all been explained step by step.
Mr. HOWE. But he is content to vote upon
the bill as it stands now. If all those who are
content to vote so are content to vote against
every amendment that is offered, they certainly
will not have the bill in any worse shape than
it is now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We do not know how
they will vote.
Mr. HOWE. They are just as likely to vote
against as for. But a new expedient is sug-
gested which is entirely satisfactory to me, for
I do not want to stay here to-night. It is
suggested now that every member moving an
amendment may have not to exceed five min-
utes to explain it, and any other person five
minntes to reply.
Several Senators. That is right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to that proposition?
Mr. CONKLING. What is the proposition ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
of the Senator from Wisconsin is that amend-
ments may be offered with the right to make
five-minutes speeches in favor of and five-
minutes speeches against them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; that is not it ; but
it is that the Senator offering an amendment
shall be allowed five minutes to explain it, and
that some member of the committee shall be
authorized to consume five minutes in oppos-
ing it if he wishes.
Mr. HARLAN. That is fair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to that proposition ?
Mr. CONKLING. I would like at least to
understand what it is before I agree to it. As
I understand it, it exposes the entire day to-
morrow to be frittered away. Anybody who
chooses may offer as many amendments as
he chooses and speak five minutes 011 each
amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Nobody wants to do that.
Mr. CONKLING. Will Senators hear me
for one moment? How well you know, Mr.
President, the effect of this in the House of
Representatives, where there is a five-minutes
rule ; and who has not seen it go on not only
all day but day after day ?
Mr. ANTHONY. It is different from this
rule.
Mr. CONKLTNG. What is the difference?
Mr. ANTHONY. Because in the House
of Representatives any member can speak five
minutes; and this is "only that the Senator who
proposes an amendment may speak five min-
utes, and that a member of the committee
may reply in five minutes if he deems it de-
sirable.
Mr. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
had given attention to the rules of the House
of Representatives he would not tell me that
that is different from the rule there. On the
contrary, he would know that the present Pre-
siding Officer here has ten thousand times
reiterated the announcement " debate on this
amendment is exhausted," because a speech
had been made on one side and a speech on the
other, and that was the end of it; but there-
upon somebody would move another amend-
ment to strike out the last word, or whatever
it might be, and make another speech.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is filibustering.
Mr. CONKLING. No, it is not filibuster-
ing ; but let me make the suggestion which I
rose to make. One of two things, it seems to
me, ought to be done: we ought either to have
an arrangement which will put an end to de-
bate and enable Senators to vote at some early
hour fixed to-morrow, or we ought to persist in
the present motion. I do not intend to resist
the suggestion of older and wiser Senators;
but it seems to me this suggestion made now
is one under which we shall be quite likely to
go on to-morrow for aconsiderable time, which
time, I regret to say, we have not now to spend
unnecessarily upon this or upon any other
bill.
And as I have made this suggestion, I hope
I shall be indulged in one single remark in re-
ply to the Senator from Ohio. He has told us
that this motion is a farce. Why is that? This
custom has prevailed ever since there was a
parliamentary body for it to prevail in ; eight
hundred years in England; but it is a farce
here in a body consisting of seventy men, as-
sembled in a city where there are horse- cars
and pavements and other local means of loco-
motion and of access. Why is it a farce ? I
will tell that honorable Senator why it is. It
is because whenever an occasion arises ren-
dering it necessary to apply this very familiar
legislative appliance he or some other Senator
is found to rise and to say in advance " The
whole thing is impotent; you cannot doit."
Why ? Because somebody in the mean time
may go out, and because you may not get in over
four or five, and when you get them in you will
not keep them; and therefore we all begin by
confessing that we cannot do anything. Of
course after you have confessed that you can-
not.
What is the difficulty in the Senate asserting,
as the House of Representatives has so often
done, and as parliamentary bodies the world
over so often do, the right, if from heedless-
ness or forgetfulness pending an important
measure more than half the body go away, of
sending the proper officer to invite them back,
no harm being done except that the rest of us
who have been here are exposed to the incon-
venience of waiting awhile that they may
come?
Now, Mr. President, I insist that we ought
to do one of two things: either to have an
agreement by which to-morrow when the morn-
ing business is completed we shall vote upon
this bill and the amendments arrived at, or
we ought once during this century to solve
this problem and see whether it is true that,
for some special reason applicable to the Sen-
ate of the United States and to no other body
under heaven, we cannot send out, when it is
necessary, finding four or five short of a quo-
rum, and invite in Senators to enable us to
continue and complete the public business.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. This matter was up once before
here, I recollect, and the honorable Senator
from Illinois who is not now in his seat [Mr.
Trumbull] took the ground, under the rule
which the Chair has cited, that it could only
be done at the time of the convening of the
Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. What could only be
done?
Mr. NYE. To send for absent members.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; he took the ground
that we could not compel them to come, but
could only invite them in a polite way.
Mr. NYE. His point was under the lan-
guage of the rule, which is :
" No Senator shall absent himself from the servioe
of the Senate without leave of the Senate first ob-
tained. And in case a less number than a quorum
of the Senate shall convene, they are hereby author-
ized to send the Sergeant-at-Arms."
That is the only provision in the rules, and
in my judgment it only applies at the time the
Senate convenes. That is the language of the
rule ; and I recollect very well that the honor-
able Senator from Illinois argued that question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Hehad better be invited
in and make his point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by the usage of the Senate, and
repeatedly, too, and without dissent, so far as
the Chair is advised, the motion to invite the
attendance of absent Senators has been enter-
tained under circumstances like these, during
various Congresses, though the mandatory
order, perhaps, may not have been executed.
The Chair was about to make a suggestion to
the Senator from New York that he himself
is not advised of any other amendment except
the amendments of the Senator from Kentucky,
the one now pending and the one which he
desires to offer, and which he says he will
oceupy a very brief time in speaking on, if at
all, and the amendment suggested by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, a member of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and on which he has
stated that he desires to occupy two or three
minutes. The Chair is not apprised of any
other amendments to the bill, though there
may be. The Senator from New York is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I would have concluded
in one minute. I want to make one remark
and one suggestion. The remark is this: eight
days remain of this session ; and if we begin
to-night by admitting all around that when six
o'clock arrives, and we are without a quorum,
that is the end of the day, and that we cannot
by any means get a quorum back here, we may
just as well say good bye now to the remaining
necessary legislation of this session, as to vex
our spirit with devices to consummate it. That
is perfectly clear now. Senators will go, not
knowing that enough others are going to break
np a quorum, to get their dinner; and if we
admit that when we find absent from the Cham-
ber so many that a quorum is not here at six
o'clock the day's work is over and we are
remediless, I repeat—and the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations and everybody
else may as well make up his mind to it to-night
as to-morrow—this is the end of the appropri-
ation bills for this session.
Now, I wish to make the suggestion that I
proposed to make. Will not the honorable
Senator from Connecticut indicate bis amend-
ment, and the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, if he has one, do the like, so that the
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] for
instance, who wishes to know what he is to
vote upon, may be apprised to night of what
it is? The honorable Senator from Connecti-
cut, I am told, has his amendment in print,
and that will satisfy the honorable Senator
from Nevada, Then will not the honorable
Senator from Kentucky indicate in some way
the nature of his amendment; and then can
we not agree that these two Senators shall
have, if they want, five minutes each to explain
their amendments, and that then the vote shall
be taken upon them ? If that arrangement can
be made, 1 suggest to my honorable friend from
Wisconsin that it would be a little more secure
than the other.
Mr. HOWE. If those Senators are pre-
pared to indicate their amendments I shall be
