764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
treaty with a roving band of Indians is of
equal effect and binding force as the* Lord's
prayer or the ten commandments.
Mr. MAYNARI). The question, as I appre-
hend, is not pertinent to this discussion, and
if the gentleman' will allow me, I will go on
with what I have to say. We have the phys-
ical power to refuse or to withhold any appro-
priation to carry out any treaty made with
anybody for any purpose. We have the phys-
ical power to withhold an appropriation to
pay the salary of the President of the United
States. We can vote " no" as well as we can
vote "ay." I hold that we have just the same
moral power, the same moral right, to withhold
appropriations in one instance as in the other.
Under our Constitution the treaty-making
power—and what that is can be defined by the
code of international law, well known and
well understood, and interpreted by the treaty-
making power itself—is confided to the Presi-
dent, and these contracts are to be made by
him with the approval of the Senate; and when
bo made they are binding and obligatory as the
supreme law of the land. It is just as much
our duty to appropriate to carry out treaties as
to appropriate to pay the salary of the Presi-
dent of the United States. It is against the
doctrine announced by the gentleman from
California, that we can override the Constitu-
tion by refusing to make appropriations to carry
out treaties made by the President and ratified
by the Senate, as the treaty-making power,
that I have sought the floor at this time to enter
my protest.
I think, sir, that we, as the Representatives
of the people, are strong when we stand within
the limits prescribed for us by the Constitution
without attempting to invade the authority of
any coordinate branch of the Government in
any of their functions. The strength of our
Government, the beauty of our system, the
grandeur of this great work of the fathers con-
sist in subdividing the various functions of
the Government and depositing them with
different functionaries to execute and carry out
in the common name of the people. We have
our appropriate work, and it is for us to stand
here and do it and resist all attempts to invade
our peculiar work, and at the same time to
forbear invading what the people, by their Con-
stitution, have placed in the hands of another
branch or another department of the Govern-
ment. I trust that no such amendment in this
connection will be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I concur entirely
in the views expressed by the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Matxard] on this question,
and at the proper time I shall move to strike
outof the amendment the words "so-called."
I do not contend, Mr. Chairman, that it is
sound policy for the Government of the United
States to deal with roving bands of Indians as
it does with great nations. That is not the
question involved in the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.] Nor
do I propose to discuss it. That amendment
involves a much more important question.
The Constitution of the United States provides
that treaties made in accordance with its pro-
visions shall constitute a part of the supreme
law of the land.
Now I hold, Mr. Chairman, that the term
"treaty," as used in the Constitution, means
precisely what that word meant in interna-
tional _law at the time the Constitution was
framed, and that the Constitution confers upon
the Senate and the Executive the power to
make any compact which one nation may make
with another, and when that compact is so
made by the treaty-making power it is as much
a part of the supreme law of the land as an act
of Congress; and the position taken by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynarh] is
perfectly unassailable, that the obligation of
the House of Representatives to appropriate
moneyto carry into effect a treaty of the United
States is precisely of the same character as the
obligation to appropriate money in accordance
with the provision of any statute of Congress.
To revert further to the illustration of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, Congress may refuse
to pay the salary of the President of the Uni-
ted States. But its refusal or neglect to appro-
priate money for that purpose does not release
it of its obligation to discharge the claim of
the President upon the Government for com-
pensation. Neither would the refusal of the
House of Representatives to appropriate money
in accordance with the provisions of a foreign
treaty release the Government of the obliga-
tion to pay that money. If, sir, the word
"treaty" in the Constitution of the United
States means .what it has always meant in
international law, there is no restriction upon
the treaty-making power in our Government
whatever. It has the same power to negotiate
treaties which the executive of Great Britain
has, and every department of this Govern-
ment is as much bound by treaties so made as
the corresponding departments of Great Brit-
ain are under similar circumstances. I hold,
sir, that it is a heresy, a dangerous heresy, for
this House to insist that it can control or reg-
ulate the treaty-making power of the Govern-
ment. The argument that the power to make
treaties may be abused is entitled to no con-
sideration. The same argument would apply
if the House constituted a part of the treaty-
making power.
That power must exist in all Governments,
and like all other powers is liable to abuse;
but our Constitution throws more safeguards
and restrictions around it than existed in any
other Government at the time of its adoption.
But the question is not where that power ought
to be lodged under our system, bnt where it is.
The President and the Senate are intrusted
with it, and until the Constitution is changed
the House has no more right to claim it than
it has to claim the right to participate in the
deliberations and decisions of the Supreme
Court. That the contrary doctrine has often
and long been maintained I admit, but the
House has never asserted its claim by refusing
to appropriate money to carry into effect a
valid treaty. It is too late in our history for
such a claim to be successfully defended, if it
ever could.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew it. I would not do
so if I supposed the debate would cease here.
I wish we might, if it were possible, avoid a
struggle with the Senate on this question,
which gave us so much occasion for struggle
and anxiety at the last session and the session
before—the question whether the House of
Representatives has any power of delibera-
tion at all in the appropriation of money
under treaties. I think it is hardly worth
while for us to debate now this question. It is
a question attended with great difficulty. But
the difficulty can be avoided by the adoption
of the amendment which has been proposed
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
The gentleman from California [Mr. Sar-
gext] has told the history of this amendment
in the committee of conference of the last
session. It has been agreed to by the Senate.
If it is now agreed to by the House, although,
as my friend from California says, there is not
much potency in the amendment itself, yet it
saves the question for some time when its
decision may be of vast importance.
I have a very clear notion about the idea of
magnifying a roving band of Indians into the
dignity of a nation of the earth, inside of our
own nation, and then making a treaty with
them that shall not only bind those who make
it, but bind the House of Representatives for
all time to come in the appropriation of
money. But I do not desire to raise that
question. The amendment offered by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] is an
amendment which was adopted at the last ses-
sion by both Houses of Congress, and I trust
it may be adopted by the House now. It will
be adopted by the Senate, and then neither
side will have ratified or disaffirmed one of
these questionable treaties.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Chairman, having heard
the statement of the gentleman from Oregon,
[Mr. Smith,] I am not willing to let this mat-
ter pass without putting in my denial on this
floor of the position which the gentleman has
taken. I do not believe, sir—and I announce
here my firm conviction of what I say—I do
not believe that the treaty-making power of
this Government can part with one foot of the
soil -of this country without the sanction of
Congress. I am not^villing that the broad
statement which he has made upon this floor
shall pass without putting in my protest against
the declaration of the right of the treaty-
making power to sell the soil of this country.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the
gentleman one question. Suppose we were
involved in a war with another nation, and we
found ourselves constrained by the necessities"
of the war to make a treaty upon the principle
of uti possidetis, a treaty ratified by the Presi-
dent and the Senate; does he suppose that that
would require further action to make it valid?
Mr. SHANKS. If this country was at war
and it became necessary to part with any pub-
lic domain, Congress is just as competent to
pass u-pon that question as is the treaty-making
power ; and by the Constitution it is declared
that the territory of this Government shall be
at the disposal of Congress; and there is no
clause declaring that the treaty-making power
may dispose of one particle of the property or
one acre of the territory of this Government.
The language used in relation to the disposi-
tion of territory in the Constitution is the same
as that used in relation to the power of Con-
gress to control all other matters that fall
especially within its jurisdiction. The words
are that the "Congress shall have power," &c.
I protest against this docrine in the interest of
the settlers on the public lands of this country,
who are to-day being robbed of their homes
and driven from them, because the treaty-
making power has assumed the power to sell
the soil of the Government to companies arid
corporations at the will of a portion of the
Government, denying to the people of the
country the right to manage their own affairs
and the benefit of their own national posses-
sions.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I renew the amendment.
It seems to me well enough for us always,
before engaging so fiercely in discussion, to
understand the grounds of it. My friend from
Oregon [Mr. Smith] probably reasons from
what he knows of the Indians in his own State,
and I cannot take a better illustration for the
few ideas that I wish to suggest. He insists
that there is power in the President and Senate
of the United States to treat as independent,
the Indian tribes, and to bind the Treasury of
the United States and the public domain to any
extent; and without the consent of the legis-
lative power, in execution of such treaties.
Now, sir, one of these treaties which has
been made in Oregon was with the Ump-
quas. There are thirty-eight individuals, men,
women, and children, all told, as shown by the
census of the "great nation" of Umpquas !
Another of the treaties has been made with
the Calapooias, binding us to pay, year after
year, several thousand dollars to them. They
number two hundred and eighty-two souls,
men, women, and children. Another of these
great nations, with which the treaty-making
power has made treaties, are the Rogue River
Indians, and we are bound to pay them thou-
sands of dollars. They number altogether
two hundred and thirty-six individuals. A
great nation with whom treaties should be
made 1 And in order to treat with them we
had to appoint their chiefs; we selected men
out of the common mass of the tribe and ele-
