18*1.]
APPENDIX. TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Congressional Election Law—Mr. Blair.
Senate.
Kentucky in saying he is " the greatest lawyer
in the United States;" and I go further, and
say that I believe him as pure and as free from
all taint of corruption as any man living. I
speak from a personal knowledge of him from
my boyhood. Unlike too many officials of
"the present day, he came out from the Attor-
ney General's office poorer than he went in.
There is not a spark of evidence showing he
had any connection with the private interests
involved iti this title while he was in office.
Two years afterward he was employed as
counsel by the New Idria Mining Company,
as he had a perfect right to be. There is noth-
ing of professional obligation in his having
once represented the Government in reference
to the Siune subject-matter that should have
prevented him accepting service upon the same
side of the question for a private party. There
might, perhaps, have been some objection to
his being employed against the Government
title.
But here the interests of his clients were
identical with those of the Government. The
New Idria Mining Company were interested in
obtaining title to four hundred and eighty acres,
the Government to the balance of seventeen
thousand acres, and to all should the mining
company hare no title. It was but proper and
customary that he should have been associated
with the Attorney General and have appeared
for the United States, as it was alone a party
on the record. He could have appeared no
other way to protect the interest of his clients.
He received not one cent from the United
States. His position was well known, and its
perfect propriety is manifest to any lawyer con-
versant with such matters; it is constantly
occurring in the practice of the various Fed-
eral courts where public and private interest
run in conjunction. And the great noise
made about this instance is like the Chinese
soldier trying to win a victory* by beating a
gong. It is a pretty commentary upon our
court of highest jurisdiction, that this peti-
tioner comes praying our reversal of its decis-
ion upon the ground that Judge Black was
so much its superior that it came down, like
"Crockett's coon," as soon as he appeared
before it.
In conclusion, I would say to my Democratic
friends beware how you tread upon this dan-
gerous ground. Do not compete with the
Radical party for the uuenviable notoriety
of disregarding judicial decisions and over-
riding coordinate branches of the Government.
Do not through mere sympathy do deeds that
will return to plague us. Do not create an
estoppel which will be pleaded against us when
we rise to denounce the legislative usurpations
of our political opponents.
Congressional Election law.
SPEECH OF HON. F. P. BLAIK,
of missouri,
iif the Senate of the United States,
February 24, 1871.
TheSenatc, as in Committee of tho Whole, having
under consideration the bill (II. R. No. 2634)to amend
an act approved May 31,1870, entitled "An act to
enforce the rights of citizens of the United States
to vote in the several States of this Union, and for
other purposes "—
Mr. BLAIR said:
Mr. President: Certainly, if I had any
choice about this matter, I should prefer the
course suggested by the Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. CasseblyJ and the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Thorman,] and that the vote on
the bill should be taken to-morrow; but I
observe that there is very little hope of that,
and what I have to say I shall say very briefly.
I spea.k not because 1 wish to detain the Sen-
ate, not because I expect to influence the Sen-
ate, but because I consider it my duty as a
Senator representing one of the States to pro-
test against this bill. I do protest against it,
against the entire bill, and against all the parts
of the bill.
I consider the measure a bad one and the
objects of it to be bad, and the manner in
which it is broughtin is had and the time of its
introduction the worst that could be chosen.
It purports to be a bill to secure the suffrage
to the citizens of the United States. I believe
it to be a bill to deprive citizens of the right
of suffrage. It comes in here, as has been
observed by the Senator from California, at
this hour of the session, although two sessions
of Congress will intervene between now and
the time when it can be of any earthly use,
even according to the ideas of the majority who
are pressing it, showing that there is absolutely
no necessity now for its passage. It is only
to be passed now because, as that Senator
observed, it could not meet with approval from
the Representatives in the next Congress, who
are more recently from the people, and who
would express more distinctly their views. .
It purports to be a bill to secure the right of
suffrage to citizens; and yet it is a bill to en-
force the fifteenth amendment, which, all men
know, was passed by the most infamous fraud
upon the suffrage. I enumerated the other
dajr, in the Senate, State after State that had
cast its vote in the election preceding against
negro suffrage, whose representatives here and
in the other House and in State Legislatures,
misrepresenting their people, voted for that
amendment; and the very Senators who cast
that vote in defiance of the popular will, and
thus defrauded the people of their suffrage on
this amendment, are now here with the plea
that they desire to protect the right of suffrage
to the citizens of the United States!
The clause of the Constitution which this
bill is intended to enforce was itself a fraud
upon the right of suffrage, having been fixed
upon the country against the will of the peo-
ple, expressed by overwhelming majorities.
The party who committed that fraud are now
urging this measure, and urging it to place it
beyond the reach of the new Congress now
about to meet, and thus defeat the latest ex-
pression of the will of the people. This is
another fraud upon the right of suffrage, per-
petrated to enlarge and enforce the original
fraud consummated in the fifteenth amend-
ment. The thing to be done, the manner of
doing it, the time at which it is sought to be
accomplished, and the party engaged in the
work, all proclaim its true character and ex-
pose the false professions under which it is
disguised.
Everything that surrounds, and everything
that attends this measure shows that it is what
I have characterized it to be, and not what it
is claimed to be by its advocates. It is not a
measure to protect the right of suffrage, but
it is a measure to deprive citizens of their right
of suffrage. I urylertake to say that the his-
tory of this Republican party, who father this
measure, who are urging it now in haste to pre-
vent its condemnation by the Representatives
of the people recently elected, and are thus
seeking to put it into force in order that it may
be out of the reach of the people—I say their
history for the last five or six years is a history
of fraud and violence upon the ballot-box.
The power and all the power that they hold
in some ten of the States of this Union is the
fruit of that fraud and violence. In all the
southern States the only hold that they have
comes from depriving men of the right to the
ballot who had that right under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and conferring the
right upon others who never had the right,
and this was accomplished also in violation
of the Constitution. That is the way they
obtained their power to pass this bill, and
thus take another step in the direction of
arbitrary power, to which they have been
tending for so many years.
Therefore, even at this hour of the night,
which by their own confessions is no time to
be considering and discussing measures of
this importance, I feel it my duty to protest in
the name of my people and of all honest peo-
ple against the consummation of another fraud
upon the suffrage of the citizens of this coun-
try. The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
declared that it was the intention of the major-
ity to pass this measure; that they deemed it
of such importance that they meant to pass it
to night, or before allowing an adjournment.
Certainly, then, the Senator must feel that we
consider it also a matter of great importance,
and that we have a right to be heard, although
they do not condescend to defend their bant-
ling. Perhaps they have a better reason for
not attempting to defend it. Although I do
not doubt the ability of the gentlemen on that
side to cope in argument with any who are on
our side of this question, yet I believe the
strength of our side of this question is so much
the greater that these gentlemen, with all their
admitted ability, dare not enter the lists of
debate.
In what I have said as to the character of
this measure, and as to its coming in here at
such an improper time, as a matter of course I
do not intend to reflect personally upon the
motives of any gentleman here. I have spoken,
however,warmly about this matter, and 1 think
it appropriate to put in a caveat, that I may
not be misunderstood.
While I admit that this so-called fifteenth,
amendment to the Constitution, which this bill
proposes to enforce, is a valid amendment to
the Constitution, I cannot bring my mind to
believe that this measure and the measure of
the last session for its enforcement are ill
accordanoe with the amendment itself or with
any other provisions of the Constitution, I can-
not see any warrant in the Constitution for the
bill which is now brought to the attention of
the Senate. I will read the language of the
fifteenth amendment:
"The right of citizcns of the United States to vote
shalt not be denied or abridged by the United States
or by any State on account of race,_color, or previous
condition of servitude."
This amendment speaks simply of the States
assembled in Congress, or of the States acting
in the capacity of States, as distinguished irom
their conjoint action in" Congress; and it does
not, in my view, authorize penal statutes against
citizens of States. It simply declares, by way
of negation, that the right of citizens of the
United States to vote shall not be denied or
abridged by the United States or by any State
on account of race, color, or previous condi-
tion. I do not believe that the language^ of
this amendment justifies penal statutes against
individuals living in States because it denies
to the States themselves the power to abridge
the right to vote. We have some provisions in
the Constitution of the United States not dis-
similar from this, and I cali attention to that
one which stood in the Constitution, and still
stands there, upon the subject of suffrage, to
illustrate my idea of the power of Congress
for its enforcement. It is the second section
of the first article:
"The House of Representatives shall be com-
posed of members chosen every second yo&rby the
people of the several States; and the electors in each,
Stateshail havcthe qualifications requisite for elect-
ors of the most numerous branch of the fetate .Legis-
lature."
Who ever dreamed that if a State should pass
any law depriving a citizen of the right, under
this guarantee in the Constitution, to vote for
a member cf the lower branch of Congress
who had the right under the Constitution to
vote for members of the most numerous branch
of the State Legislature, the Government of
