1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1591
very happy to have them do it, and I shall be
very happy to acquiesce in this mode of settling
the thing. I want to gay, however, by way of
justification to the Senator from New York as
well as the Senate, that I bad no idea of admit-
ting here that Ibis Senate was not capable nf
bringing in its absent members. I only say
that there is no fun in doing it when there is
110 use in doing it. The object I had in view
was the same tbat the Senator from Maine had:
lo pass this bill with the least possible expend-
iture of labor and of time; and I want to say,
in justification of others, that there is no occa-
sion for suggesting or for fearingthat anybody
is disposed to spend time unnecessarily. Two
or three Senators here eay that they wish to
move amendments. It is their right to do it.
They do not wish to occupy time in doing
it. The question is whether we will rally the
Senate, and let them do it now, or give them
time to make their motions at twelve o'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. DAVIS. There have been very fre-
quently arrangements made, such as have been
suggested here this evening, in relation to the
termination of debate upon particular meas-
ures. They have always been disagreeable to
me, and have been objected to by me : but
there never has been one made that I did not
conform to in the best faith. I have no dis-
position to filibuster upon this bill or any
other bill. I have an amendment to offer, and
I would as soon it should be read to-night as
any time ; and I am totally indifferent about
consuming any time in explanation of the
amendment. If I were to say a word, itwould
not take me more than four or five minutes.
I would just say that it was a proposition in
execution of a treaty with an Indian tribe, and
that is all I should ask to say.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Chair whether it is within the power of
a minority, when here without a quorum, to
make an agreement to bind the Senate?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly; the Chair has
already decided that. It all rests in honor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. All agreements
made in the Senate rest on the honor of Sen-
ators; and therefore it is as competent for a
minority as for a majority to make an agree-
ment, for il binds no Senator unless he sees fit
to obey it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Is it the understand-
ing of the Senate that we shall vote to-morrow
at twelve o'clock on the amendments 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to ask whether the proposition suggested
met the assent of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I would like to know what
the proposition is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state it to be that at twelve o'clock
to morrow the Senate resume the consideration
of this bill, and that on the amendments to be
offered by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis,] the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Buckingham,] and the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Thup.man,] they should each have five
minutes to explain, and that a member of the
Committee on Appropriations should have five
minutes to speak against, if he desired, and
nobody eke to speak.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will not take half
the time on my amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot agree to that.
Mr. C0NKL1NG and Mr. HAMLIN. Let
us proceed with the call.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the motion of the
Senator from California.
Mr. CASSERLY. What motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That the Ser-
geant-at-Arms and his assistants be instructed
to invite the attendance of absent Senators.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is a motion which
is opon to debate. I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, by way
of preface, I will say that it seems to me we
can solve the existing difficulty by an agree-
ment, assented to all around, to take the vote
on this bill to- m orrow precisely at three o' clock,
lhat will relieve us of the impossible attempt
to arrange to-night the extent of debate. There
is, I admit, a good deal of difficulty in arriving
at any agreement as to the particular amount
of time to be given to each amendment on
the part of members.
I had better repeat the suggestion, because
I think that if the Senate will attend to it it
will meet their approbation. It is, that as the
best solution of all the difficulties that present
themselves, we should agree to take the vote
on this bill to-morrow at three o'clock. It is,
of course, impossible to limit debate before-
hand, as to which there is an unreserved discre-
tion left to members; and the proposition to
permit five minutes' debate on either side, on
each amendment offered, undoubtedly is open
to the objection which some one suggested,
that it might consume a day or two. •
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask what disposition he proposes to make of
the time from twelve o'clock to three o'clock?
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand that that
kind of arrangement always means that if the
Senate is ready to take the vote before the
time fixed it may do it. I understand that
the result of that would be manifestly that if
debate was exhausted at half past twelve or
one, or any hour earlier than three, we would
then commence to take the vote.
It seems to me we ought to do that rather
than to engage in a struggle of physical endur-
ance over, of all bills in the world, an ap-
propriation bill. No bill is so little fit to be
passed under that kind of pressure as a bill
for the spneding of the people's money. I
do not agree that this bill has been over-de-
bated ; on the contrary, it has been debated far
too little. To illustrate, there was a motion
ot the Senator from Iowa awhile ago to make
an appropriation for the purpose of holding a
council of Indians, which was voted down in
total ignorance on the part of the majority of
the Senate, in my humble judgment, of the
fact that the holding of that council was a mat-
ter of treaty stipulation. The Senate did not
attend to the explanations that were given;
and the Senator from Iowa, as well as other
Senators, I am sure, refrained from making
explanations when explanations were desired,
for fear of wearying the Senate. The bill has
not been debated half enough. But for the pur-
pose of obviating the difficulty that is here pre-
sented, I for one should be willing to close
debate and commence to take the vote to-
morrow on this bill at three o'clock. That
will be more becoming.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California desire the Chair to pre-
sent that proposition to the Senate?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California asks that by unanimous consent
three o'clock to-morrow be fixed for the final
voting on this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will call the roll on the motion of the Senator
from California, [Mr. Cole.]
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I believe
I have been once absent during this session
from the sittings of the Senate, and that was
at a night session, when it was understood that
nothing would be done except special business.
The minority in this Chamber is small enough
to be oppressed, as constantly it is, by a majority
here more than six times its numerical strength.
The majority, day after day, have voted to con-
tinue in session, have voted for special night
sessions; and when the minority, in obedience
to that vote, carried through by the mere force
of numbers, attended here to do their duty, it
is they who have enabled the Senate to have a
quorum, when thirty-five members at a time
of the prevailing party in this body were
absent. When almost a full quorum of the
dominant party of the Senate has been absent
the minority of the Senate have kept a quorum
here and enabled the Senate to do business
with decency and in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend allow me
to make a suggestion ? I see only about one
quarter of the minority party here just now,
which is less in proportion than there are of
the majority. I only see three of the minority
party in their seats.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator is mistaken.
There were five here awhile ago, and that is a
full half.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But they have gone now.
Mr. CASSERLY. No ; they are all here.
M| friend from Vermont falls under the
epigram of Locke. He knows something,
he assumes a great deal, and he jumps at a
tremendous conclusion. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will pardon
me, the only difference, then, between him and
me is that while I fall under the epigram of
Locke, my friend possibly falls under the lock
itself.
Mr. CASSERLY. That retort must belong
to that class of wit which it takes so long to
find out that it may safely be turned over to
the next generation. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Your children, then, will
know what it means. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASSERLY. The trouble is that it
would not be wortb finding out after it was dis-
covered. The Democratic minority has not
been false to its position here. I should say
that from five to six, which is a full half of all
of us, have been here and are here now. Of
course it is in the power of the majority to
make any rules consistent or inconsistent with
parliamentary order, however much they may
oppress the minority, of whom I am one. I
trust if I should live to see the day, as I hope
to live to see the day, when the tables shall be
turned in this Senate and the majority shall be
on the same side on which the minority now
is, that so far from returning evil for evil we
shall return good for evil, and show the gentle-
men of what is now the majority, but which
will then be the minority, that parliamentary
business, when it is conducted most decently
and in order, and most for the benefit of the
public and most in accordance with the prac-
tices of free institutions, is so conducted pre-
cisely when it is conducted without oppression
of the minority and depriving th«m of all then-
reasonable rights.
I know of no ground upon which there can
be any objection to agreeing to take the vote
to morrow at the hour named, or at any reason-
able hour that may be named which will per-
mit the proper disposition of this bill.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend from
California allow me to interrupt him for a
moment?
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall be through in
two minutes. This bill has not taken an un-
usual amount of time for the Indian appro-
priation bill. I think last session the Indian
appropriation bill of that year consumed more
time than this one; and if this had consumed
a few hours more than it has consumed the
country never would object. You had better
pass one bill after thorough discussion and
intelligent debate and comprehension than
half a dozen bills without it.
Mr. THURMAN. Everybody must agree
that there has been no disposition manifested
here to delay action on this bill. There has
been nothing that, in the slang term, is " fili-
bustering " about it; there can be no such
disposition. But some reasonable time for
discussion ought to be allowed upon a meas-
ure of this kind. Indeed, in the olden time
the custom was to discuss more at large on
the appropriation bills than any other kind of
bills the questions that concerned the coun-
try, the questions that were before Congress.
There was greater latitude ot debate ; and
usually it was upon appropriation bills that
such discussions took place. We derived that
