1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
765
vated tliem and called them chiefs; and they
are to be paid annuities, year after year, for
signing the treaty. What a spectacle for the
American people, thus bribing the chiefs of an
"independent nation!"
Now, I admit the treaty-making power with
foreign nations. But I deny that there can be
Huch nations on our own soil. Have we not an
independent sovereignty? Have we not con-
trol of our own territory? Would we admit
of any nation with arms in its hands that it
should subject us to tribute? And yet that is
what is done year afier year by the very theory
of these treaties. We pay tribute to these
Indians not, to make war upon us, not to mur-
der our citizens. On no other theory can the
policy of the Government in this matter be
explained. Yet they are simply the wards of
the Government, to whom we furnish means
of existence, and not independent nations with
whom we are to treat as our equals. Ought
not that fact to be admitted? Has not
the comedy of "treaties," "potentates,"
"nations," been played long enough? Is it
not played out?
Now, in reference to the binding force of
treaties, the Constitution says that treaties
shall be the supreme law of the land. But
in the same connection it is declared that the
Constitution of the United States and the laws
made in pursuance thereof shall bethesupreme
law of the land. Consequently, a statute passed
by Congress and approved by the Executive
is as much the supreme law of the land as is
a treaty with Great Britain. It has been held
by the courts of this country that a statute
may abrogate a treaty or any of its provis-
ions. And if Congress sees fit, as at the last
session, to pass- a statute to repeal these so-
called Indian treaties, or to limit their appli-
cation, or to modify them, that statute is cer-
tainly constitutional, and a portion of the
supreme law of the land.
Now, sir, I think it is well that this House
of Representatives should declare its position
on this matter, and reject the idea that we can
or ought to treat these individuals as independ-
ent nations. Eighty or a hundred years ago,
perhaps, when there were great confederated
nations upon our borders, not entirely upon
soil owned by ourselves, we might treat with
them in order to keep peace; bnt now the whole
thing is changed. We have absorbed the whole
of the territory over which they then roamed;
it now belongs to us, not to them. If their
necessities require it I will vote as much as
any reasonable man, however humanitarian he
may be, may say is a proper sum ; but I reject
utterly and scorn the idea that the legislative
department of the Government cannot prevent
the taking ot money'out of the Treasury of the
United States when its appropriation may have
been decreed by the Senate alone.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. If this question had
not been before discussed in this House I
might deem it necessary to go into something
of an argument to show that it is not com-
petent for the treaty-making power to bind
Congress to appropriate money. But this
question has been so fully and so often dis-
cussed within the last three or four years, and,
indeed, at prior periods of time, that it cer-
tainly cannot be necessary now to go into the
general subject.
I may say to the gentleman from Oregon
[Mr. Smith,] and to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard,] that the courts of this
country have again and again decided that
"whatever provisions of a treaty cannot be
executed without the aid of a law to carry it
into effect is not. obligatory as a treaty. « hy,
sir, as the gentleman from California [Mr.
Sargkxt] has said, can the _ treaty-making
power make an arrangement with thirty-eight
roaming savages to bind Congress to vote
$100,000,000 a year?
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. That is not my
position. I stated that the treaty-making power
was not in the House. I was not defending the
policy of these Indian treaties; I was support-
ing the power to make the treaties.
Mr.- LAWRENCE, I a-m denying the power
to make such treaties binding this House to
appropriate money, or binding this Govern-
ment tb appropriate lands. Sir, it cannot be
done, and no court of this country has ever yet
sustained any such pretension on the part of
the treaty-making power.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawkexce] that
if his views are sound constitutional law, if
there has been so gross a violation of the Con-
stitution and so violent a case of maladminis-
tration as he has indicated, it is his duty to
bring in articles of impeachment and have the
matter enforced by that sort of process, and
not by a blank-shot of this kind.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I say that this House
has again and again upon these Indian appro-
priation bills decided this question, that upon
other measures the House has decided this
same question. .1 ask the Committee of the
Whole now to stand by its own manhood and
its own dignity. It is due to the manhood and
dignity of this House, it is due to constitutional
law, that we shall adopt the amendment I have
offered. A single word further and I have
done.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman says this
House has so declared. Has any former House
ever made any such declaration ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. This House has again
and again made these declarations.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that.
Mr. LAWRENCE. And other Houses have
done thersame thing. There is not a civilized
nation on the face of the globe that undertakes
to make treaties with roving bands of savages,
and regards such treaties as obligatory upon
the law-making branch of the Government.
England does not make any such treaties with
her Indians.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman in-
form us how many treaties Great Britain has
made with roving tribes on the coast of Africa
—tribes far less advanced toward civilization
than our Indian tribes?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Those are foreign na-
tions outside of her jurisdiction, while these
roving bands of Indians are dependent tribes,
within our jurisdiction and subject to our laws.
Mr. SARGENT. I withdraw my pro forma
amendment.
Mr. BECK. I renew the amendment. I
desire to say a word in support of the position
which I have taken heretofore in regard to
these treaties. As has been shown, this House
at the last session inserted in the Indian ap-
propriation bill a clause substantially similar
to that now offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.] .1 happened to be a
member of the conference committee upon the
Incftan appropriation bill. We insisted upon
the position of the House by every means in
our power. That position was finally surren-
dered on the third conference, only because we
saw that to hold it longer would necessitate
the failure of the bill, so as either to require
an extra session of Congress or to inaugurate
an Indian war. As a matter of necessity we
yielded to some extent our original position.
While I believe in the constitutional power
of the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties with
foreign nations, and while it may be that in
times gone by the Indian tribes were properly
regarded as suitable parties to our treaties, I
deny the power of the Senate to make such
treaties as those referred to in the proviso, and
bind the House to carry them out, if for no
other reason because the Senate itself, before
making these treaties, had abandoned the idea
of the right to make such treaties without the
concurrence of the House. ^ By an act of Con-
gress, which will be found in the fifteenth vol-
ume of the Statutes-at-Large, page 17, Congress
authorized the appointment of commissioners
to go among those roving Indian tribes; and
make with them what werecalled treaties; but
by the second section of the act it was required
that report should be in all cases made to Con-
gress for its approval. Those commissioners
made what they called treaties, and allotted
reservations in accordance with them; but
they refused to submit the action of the com-
missioners to Congress for approval, and. their
acts have never been approved by Congress to
this day.
It was because the Senate' failed to carry out
the stipulations of the act of Congress under
which those so-called treaties were made that
the House refused to hold itself bound by them.
That was our point of departure. We do not
propose to interfere with any constitutional
authority of the Senate ; but when the Senate
and the President, relying, not upon their con-
stitutional powers; but upon powers granted
them by an act of Congress in which they and
the House united and concurred, fail to carry
out the provisions of the act and decline to
submit their action to the approval of Con-
gress, as provided by the act itself, then I think
the House is not bound to agree to any such
treaties without idokirig into them.
And when we look into the treaties made
tinder that act we find that some of them grant
to the Indians rights of hunting which interfere
with the rights of all the people of four great
States. One of those treaties undertakes to
grant to the Sioux the right to hunt all over
Kansas and Nebraska, crossing two of the
great lines of railway leading from the Missis-
sippi to the Pacific; and it professes to give
them for all time to come a territory larger
than the State of Kentucky, embracing the
Yellowstone and all that great country in
Montana. Since those treaties were made the
Senate itself has passed acts which disregard
those provisions, which grant out of the terri-
tory secured to the Indians right of Way and
land grants for railroads. Not one of those
treaties is being carried out to-day in good
faith, and not one can be carried out. The
expense of carrying them out would be, as
my friend from Ohio [Mr. Lawkexce] showed
last session, $00,000,000, and three fourths of
that amount would go into the hands of agents
and superintendents appointed by the Senate;
and without intending any reflection, I will say
that it unfortunately happens that the kinsoien
of the leading Senators are the men who get
most of the money.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Ordinarily
I would differ with hesitation from one of such
acknowledged ability as the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Laweexce ;] but I think he is so
plainly wrong in his idea of the binding force
of an Indian treaty that I feel called upon to
occupy for a few moments the attention of
the House in opposition to his views. I have
heretofore quoted in a debate on this suo-
ject a judicial decision which clearly settled
the question, and its doctrines lmve_ been
concurred in by every subsequent decision in
similar cases. I refer to the decision of the
Supreme Court in the case of The Cherokees
vs. The State of Georgia. (5 Peters, 1.) The
status of the Indian tribes and the right which
they have to make treaties, and the force those
treaties are to have when made, are ail plainly
laid down in this leading case. They are rec-
ognized as independent domestic nations, with
no right of alienation of land to, or of making
treaties with, any other than the United States
Government; but treaties made with the Uni-
ted States are as valid as any other treaties.
That is the law of the land. I will read from
the decision alluded to but one paragraph,
though the whole is rich in the law of this
subject. The very question of the validity
of treaty stipulations in which the House of
Representatives had taken no part, was in-
volved in the questions at issue:
"The very term 'nation,' so generally applied to
them, means 1 a people distinct from others.' lh<s
