766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Constitution, by declaring treaties already mad,e, as
well as those to be made, to be the supreme law of
the land, has adopted and sanctioned the previous
treaties with the Indian nations, and consequently
admits theirrankamongthosePowerswbo are capa-
ble of making treaties. The words ' treaty' and
' nation' are words of our own language, selected in
our diplomatic and legislative proceedings by our-
selves, having each a definite and well-uuderstood
meaning. We have applied them to Indians, as we
have applied them to other nations of the earth.
They are applied to all in the same sense."
Mr. LAWRENCE. The gentleman does not
hold that a treaty can bind Congress to appro-
priate money.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. It cannot force
Congress to do so. The law providing for the
salary of the President of the United States
cannot force us to make appropriations there-
for. Bat there is a binding obligation upon us
in each case. What I maintain is that an
Indian treaty stands just as a foreign treaty
does; that we are just as much bound to
pay sums of money provided to be paid in a
treaty with Red Cloud or Spotted Tail, as we
are to pay the Czar of Russia the purchase-
money for Alaska. It is a contract in either
case made by departments of our Government
recognized as competent by the Constitution,
and the decisions of our courts thereupon. If
there is anything wrong in this it is in our sys-
tem. I do not say the House is always blindly
to accept as properwhatis done by the treaty-
making power. There may be fraud which
vitiates all contracts, and an outrageous exer-
cise of power which would free us from the
obligation to comply with pretended treaty
stipulations. There are I have no doubt many
Indian treaties that would not bear the test of
scrutiny. But they are the exceptions, and it
is the general law of the case I am presenting,
and not the exceptions. Many ridiculous cases
have occurred, but has not our Government
been a party to them ? When we have treated
with some poor, weak, miserable tribe, shall we
refuse to make good our promises because they
were incompetent to make a better bargain?
We, at least, were of full age. Will gentlemen
tell us to repudiate our contract because we
were dealing with minors? They by law may
do it; we cannot.
I should like to see a future policy adopted
in which no treaties should be made. I think
it would be better. But this propriety for the
future does not authorize us to repudiate the
past. Much sympathy is expressed by eastern
gentlemen for the suffering Indian, and we are
told that their outrages are but retaliations for
the bad acts of our frontiersmen. Let me tell
thera that the wrongs done the Indian have
been the failure to carry out treaty stipulations.
The failure of our Government to pay the
annuities when due had much to do with the
horrible massacre in my State, and the fail-
ure of the Government to properly protect the
frontier is causing the death of hundreds of
honest frontiersmen. Your highest obligation
is the protection of our own blood. But do
not give the Indian or those who assume his
special guardianship reason to say that we are
not living up to our promises to him.
My position on thequestion of Indian treaties
is this: I believe the Indians have a vested
right under the treaties which we have made
with them, and I do not think wc can interfere
with those rights. I appreciate the feelings
of gentlemen who are against the policy here-
tofore pursued, and I am just as anxious as
they are that it shall be improved as far as
possible.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman see any
particular objection to this amendment?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I see no par-
ticular objection to this amendment, but am
opposing the growing idea, which may lead to
trouble. So Tar as the future is concerned I
should like to see the policy changed ; but I
believe that every treaty made with Indian
tribes is valid where untainted with fraud, and
that it is just as binding upon us as any other
contract made by the Government.
Mr. DAWES. I believe with the gentle-
man from Minnesota that it becomes a con-
tract when ratified by both branches.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I do not
understand it requires the ratification of both
branches to become a contract. The decision
of the Supreme Court is to the effect that it
becomes a contract binding upon us when
made between the President and the Indian
tribes and ratified by the Senate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I move to strike
out the word " so-called." Mr. Chairman, in
the remarks which have been made in regard
to what 1 said awhile ago my position has been
misunderstood altogether. I did not undertake
to defend the policy of making treaties with
small bands of roaming Indians. I do not now.
The position I was discussing, Mr. Chairman,
and which I wish to defend now, is this; that
a treaty made by the Government of the United
States is just what a treaty is made by any
other Government; and when it is made in
pursuance of our Constitution it binds every
department of the Government and the House
of Representatives. The Supreme Court of
the United States has sustained the treaties
made by our treaty-making power with the In-
dian tribes ever since our Government has bad
an existence. Aud it is too late to question
their validity now. It has held Indian tribes
to be foreign nations so far as that a valid
treaty might be negotiated with them by the
President and Senate. If this doctrine thus
sustained by the Supreme Court is sound, that
an agreement made in the form of a treaty
with an Indian tribe is a treaty within the
meaning of the. Constitution, then it is binding
on the Ilouse of Representatives.
Mr. LAWRENCE. No matter what the
subject-matter of it. may be?
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Yes, sir; no mat-
ter what the subject may be. If it is a treaty,
it is binding. It' it is not a treaty, it does not
present the point I am discussing. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] defends
the position of the House in refusing to recog-
nize the tieaties in question, on the ground
that the Senate and the House have acted con-
currently with reference to some of them, or
that the House authorized them to be made.
Now, i hold that that does notaffect the valid-
ity of the treaties at all. Suppose this House
should authorize the Senate to make a treaty
for the acquisition of San Domingo; I ask the
gentlemen who take ground the opposite of
that which I occupy, whether a treaty made
with San Domingo by the President and rati-
fied by the Senate would have any more or
any less binding effect because the ilouse had
authorized it?
Mr. BECK. San Domingo is a foreign
Power. But to make the case applicable, sup-
pose the House by an act of Congress author-
ized the President to appoint commissioners
to treat with thirty-eight Indians in Oregon,
and they should cede to those Indians the
State ol Oregon and pay to them $100,000,000
to boot 011 condition they would be quiet, and
that treaty was ratified by the Senate, would
that bind the House of Representatives?
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I hold that if an
Indian tribe is a proper subject for our Gov-
ernment to make a treaty with, and that doc-
trine is established by authority thatisunques^
tionable, then the number constituting that
tribe does not enter into the question at all.
The Supreme Court in upholding the validity
of treaties with Indian tribes bases its decision
on the relations existing between the parties
at the time the treaties are made, and not at all
on the numbers represented. But, sir, I repeat
that I have expressed no opinion in favor of
making treaties with Indians at all. The ques-
tion I am trying to discuss is whether when a
treaty is made by the President aud ratified
by two thirds of the Senate it does not, become
for the time being a part of thelaw ot' the land,
and whether, as such, the House of Represent-
atives is not morally bound to obey it, even if
it requires the appropriation of money.
I understand both the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawbexce] and the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] to hold that the House would
not be so bound, and to support that position
by supposing absurd and impossible treaties
made by the President and Senate. Sir, we
made an appropriation of some hundreds of
thousands of dollars only this week to pay an
award made by a joint commission appointed
in pursuance of a treaty between our Govern-
ment and that of Great Britain, to adjust the
claims of the Hudson Bay and Puget Sound
Agricultural Companies against tiie United
•States. Now, if the House is not bound by
treaties which involve the payment of money,
we might properly have refused to pay this
award in favor of Britishsubjects, ontheground
that the amount was larger than we expected.
Who does not see that such a limitation of
the force and effect of treaties made by our
Government would preclude our making any
involving the appointment of such commis-
sions? What Government would be so foolish
as to enter into an engagement with us bind-
ing on itself but imposing no obligation onus,
giving us the opportunity to accept an award
if it was favorable but leaving us at liberty to
reject it if we saw fit? Let the House once act
Oil that theory and persist in adhering to it,
and we would be forever debarred from resort-
ing to one of the most common and peaceful
methods of adjusting troublesome questions
with foreign nations. It is surely safest and
wisest to leave the treaty-making power where
the Constitution places it, with the Executive
and the Senate. The experience of the past
does not warrant any fear that it will be greatly
abused.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. I do not wish to prolong
this debate beyond reasonable bounds. But
I wish to call the attention of the committee
to the opinion of the Attorney General, pub-
lished in December last, upon the question of
the right of the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue $250,000 in bonds to the Choctaw In-
dians. in pursuance of a so-called treaty, rati-
fied by the Senate; the question being, in that
case, whether the money named could be drawn
from the Treasury of the United States with-
out tho leave of Congress. In the discussion
of the matter, he says:
"In Foster and Elam vs. Neilson, (2 Peters, p. 253)
the Supreme Court says: ' Our Constitution declares
a trpaty to be a law of the land. It is, consequently,
to bo regarded in courts of justice as equivalent
to an act of the Legislature, whenever it operates
of itself without the aid of any Legislative pro-
vision' "—
It is simply equivalent to an act of legis-
lation whenever it operates of itself, without
the aid of legislation, and certainly not other-
wise—
"aud in applying this principle to the case before
them, say that if the treaty then under considera-
tion had acted directly upon'the subject, it ' would
have repealed those acts of Congress which were
repugnant to it.'
" In Taylor vs. Morton, (2 Curtis, C. C. R., p. 451,)
it was held that Congress may repeal a treaXy so far
as it is a municipal law, provided its subjcct-niatter
is within the legislative power of Congress."
And now is it not within the legislative power
of Congress to take money from the national
Treasury? Is itnot within the legislative power
of Congress, under the Constitution, to de-
termine whether our domain shall be ceded to
foreign nations or not ? If, as the able gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] argued
last year, when this question was up, it be
conceded that money may be taken from the
Treasury, when the guardianship of the public
money is placed in the hands of Congress by
.the Constitution, and that our domain may be
given up to roving bands of Indians in large
areas for all time to come, under the treaty-
making power as it is called, and without the
consent, of Congress, then, by the treaty-mak-
ing-power they may repeal our laws regulating
naturalization ; they may regulate the issue of
