708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Mr. SARGENT. I think that amendment
is right. '
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
3?or this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to pay the expenses of the commission of
citizens serving without pay, appbinted by the Pres-
ident under the provisions of the fourth section of
the act of April 10,1869, the sum of'815,000; and said
commission is hereby continued with the powers
and duties heretofore provided by law.
Mr. BECK. I move to amfehd thfe paragraph
last read by adding thereto what I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read the amendment as follows :
Provided, That-hereafter no payment shall be
made by any officer of the United States to contract-
ors for goods or supplies of any sort furnished to
the Indians, or for the transportation thereon, or
for any building or machinery qrtictet} or placed in
their reservations, under or by virtue of any con-
tract entered into with the Indian department or
any branch thereof; on the receipts or certificates of
the Indian agents or superintendents, for such sup-
plies, goods, transportation, buildings, or machin-
ery, until such receipts orothervouchers shall have
been submitted to the executive committee of the
board of commissioners appointed by the President
of the United State-?, and organized under the pro-
visions of the fourth section of tlio act approved
April 10. 18S9, and the third section of the act ap-
proved April 15,1ST0, for examination, revisal, a.nd
approval; and it shall be the duty of tile said board
of commissioners, without unnecessary delay, toforj
ward said receipts or other vouchers so submitted
to them to the Secretary of tlio Interior, with the
reasons for their approval or disapproval of the
same, m whole or in part, attached thereto; and
said Secretary shall have power to sustain, set- aside,
or modify the action of said board, and cause pay-
ment to be made or withheld, as ho may determine.
If he overrules or modifies the action,or decision of
said boitrd of commissioners, ho shall famish said
board with his reasons therefor, in writing, which
shall be made part of their records*
Mr. B15CK. ^ i think I can satisfy this Com-
mittee of the Whole in the five miriutes allowed
to me of the importance of that amendment.
I have submitted it to a number of thepfersons
most deeply interested in the matter, and have
as yet found no one td object to it. It is ren-
dered necessary because of this fact: all the
contracts made by the Indian department for
supplies, for beef, flour, tea, coffee, transport-
ation, &c., and all other contracts, whether
public or private, whether in accordance with
law or otherwise, contain a provision that the
articles named in the contracts shall be paid
for at the office of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs at Washington, on presentation
of the receipts of the superintendent or agent
stationed at the point where the goods are
delivered or the work done.
That is the prosent custom. The history of
its administration has been in fact this: the
Indian agents in many instances collude with
the contractors and receipt for things they
never receive. It might perhaps be an exag-
geration to say that contractors sometimes in
delivering a hundred cattle to the Indian
agents have had them counted three times
over, and have then obtained from the Indian
agent a receipt for three hundred, getting his
money at once for three times as many as are
delivered, without further voucher. To make
that statement as a fact might be considered
an exaggeration ; such tales are told. But it
is n fact that the agents give any receipts they
please for any amount of supplies or trans-
portation they please; and the Iudian Com-
missioiier is obliged to pay the money under
the contact, though nobody, knows whether
the claiui is just or not, and they are more
frequently unjust than otherwise. That sort
of plunder, by combinations between Indian
agents and contractors, seems to be a part
of the system which makes Indian agencies
at low salalies so desirable, and such an easy
and prompt way of making a fortune.
That thesn things are done is known and
can be conclusively proved, and in this way
the Government has been cheated out of mil-
lions- of dollars. The amendment which I
propose simply requires that all vouchers of
this kind shall be submitted in the first in-
stanceto the executive committee of the peace
commissioners, who are earnestly and hon-
estly endeavoring to curtail the frauds'of In-
dian contractors, agents,'and superintendents,
to prevent the perpetration of frauds of this
kind upon the Government. It is made their
duty, after examination, to refer all the papers
to the Secretary of the Interior, with their
objections, if any. Th& Secretary of the Inte-
rior will have the ultimate power of deciding
whether the claims shall be paid; but if he
sees fit to overrule the objections of the peace
comtiiissioners he must give his reasons in
Writing, so that the country may know the rea-
sons of his action and hold him to the proper
responsibility for his action ; in other words,
there will be an end of the practice of whole-
sale p&yntent of whatever the Indian agents
may say the Government owes. Instead of
longer continuing the present system of whole-
sale plunder, the vouchers are, by my Amend-
ment, referred to a body of men who are
serving the Government without pay and who
have nothing to do with the payment of the
moneyi Their simple duty is to examine the
papers Carefully and with as jnuch expedition
as possible, aftd then refer them to the Secre-
tary of the Interior, who takes the responsi-
bility of deciding whether payment shall be
made, giving his reasons for his action if his
decision differs from that of the commis-
sioners.
It is no exaggeration to say that this meas-
ure will save the Government millions of dol-
lars. _ It will, in my judgment, cut oif the most
fruitful source of fraud from which we are now
suffering in the management of Indian affairs.
I hope the amendment will'be adopted.
Mr. McCORMIOK, of Arizona. I wisli to
put a single inquiry to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.] Does he mean to say
that the condition of Indian affairs which he
has described exists at the present time ?
Mr. BECK. I do ; and it cannot be rem-
edied until we adopt some such measure as that
which I now propose. 1 cannot, of course,
State on this floor the secrets of our sub-com-
mittee ; but I will say that I know the state
of facts I have described does exist in more
instances than one. I do not mean to say the
practice is universal, but it is very general.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. Then I
only wish to say that this is the most remark-
able statement I have heard on this floor for
many a day. We have been told that under
this_ new policy we have a set of careful and
upright superintendents and agents. We of
the Territories have been deprived of the op-
portunity to name these officers because we
were assured that under the new system of
appointment a better class of men, a class
more worthy of confidence, would be sent out
to fill these positions. I am surprised to hear
the statement of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, especially as this new Indian policy, so
called, was inaugurated more than ayearago.
Mr. BECK. I want to say, in reply to the
gentleman from Arizona, that many of the old
Indian agents and superintendents have not
been removed and cannot be removed by these
commissioners, for reasons which I cannot
now explain. Many of the agents and super-
intendents hold their positions in defiance of
the commissioners; and if they did not I do
not pretend that they will always get honest
men for agents; but the amendment will give
the commissioners a control over dishonest
agents, no matter how or by whom they are
appointed. That is what I propose.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, I consider
the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. llecfc] eminently proper and just.
Furthermore, it is precisely in the line of the
policy which I have defended here yesterday
and to-day. Its adoption is desired by the
Administration. It has been drawn by the
gentleman after consultation with those in au-
thority and out of authority who are most
interested in a pure administration of Indian
affairs. I will remind the gentleman from
Arizona thai evils of this character are not to
be cured in a day. No measure can be devised
which will at onco remove all bad men from
the administration of a system whose ramifi
cations extend over the whole country. This
amendment Will, however, aid rhaterially in
securing that result; and therefore I desire its
adoption.
The amendmeht of Mr. Beck was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend by in-
serting after the amendment just adopted the
following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may bo
necessary, for the purchase of provisions for Bed
Cloud's band dfSioux Indians, to relieve their pres-
ent wants, and to subsist them until July 1, 1871,
$165,000: Provided, That so much of the amount
hereby appropriated as maybe necessary shall be
used to reimburse the subsistence department for
supplies furnished by that department under the
direction of the President, of January 23,1871.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. I
desire to make an inquiry of the gentlerSan
from California. I understand that Red
Cloud's band of Indians are Siou^J Indians.
Now, including this last amendment, how
much money is appropriated by this bill to the
various bands of the Sioux nations? In addi-
tion, I should like the gentleman to answer
how much more is appropriated to that nation
than to any other tribe or band of Indians in
America. Let me have the information before
the House is called upon to vote for this
amendment,.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, the appro-
priation asked for in this amendment does not
relate to the next fiscal year, while, on the con-
trary, all the other appropriations of the bill
do relate to the next fiscal year. This is a
supplement to the amount already allowed for
the present fiscal year. It is true there is
a much larger amount given to the Sioux
Indians than to any other Indians; but all the
amounts provided for in the bill are under
certain treaties under which the legislative
power last year appropriated.
But I wish to say, Mr. Chairman, this is a
pressing case of emergency. Red Cloud and
his baud of some forty-five hundred Indians
have been driven off by a hard winter fx-om
their ordinary hunting-grounds. They are in
a condition of starvation. Provisional relief
has been recommended by the President, by
the Secretary of War, by General Sherman,
by the Secretary of the Interior, and by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs. I will send
to the Clerk's desk, to be read, several docu-
ments alluding to this matter, which show the
absolute necessity for making this appropria
tion at thi-s time.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department or the Interior,
Washington, D. C„ January25,1871.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit hercwitha copy
of a letter from the Commissioner of Indian Affaiis,
dated the 25th instant, with accompanying docu-
ments, to which I invite your early and ca-rnc-t
attention. You will observe that the Commissioner
recotnmends, for reasons stated by himself, an ap-
propriation of $165,000 for the immediate relief of
Red Cloud and his confederate Sioux.
I cannot too strongly express myself in commend -
ation of the Commissioner's recommendation, ami t
therefore solicit your early and favorable consider-
ation of this subject, with the hope and expectation
that the appropriation will bo made. It is of the
utmost importance, in tny opinion, that friendly
relations should be maintained with lied Cloud. He
is, perhaps, the most dangerous chief the Govern-
ment has to deal with, and his hostility cannot bo
too strongly guarded atrainst.
An arrangement has been made with theSecretnry
of War to advanec from subsistence stores imme-
diate.relief for Ked Cloud and his confederate*.
This is do e because the appropriation cannot bo
obtained in time to meet the urgent demand for
assistance for these Indians; but the appropriation
will enable us to reimburse the War Department
and continue such assistance as may be necessary
to preserve oar present friendly relations with fled
Cloud.
I submit, also, a paper marked "A," prepared by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, which is raercly
a. suggestion as to tho form of making the appi epila-
tion, provided this application shall meet with your
favorable consideration.
I have the honor to bo, your obedient servant,
C. DELANO, Secretary.
Hon. A. A. Sargent, Committee on Appropriationi in
lielation to Indian Affairs, House of llepresenia-
iives.
