1594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
geant-at-Arms also authorized to request any
Senators who are now here to remain in the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses that the Senators who are present, hav-
ing invited other Senators to come into the
Chamber to make a quorum, will of course
re Main to receive those Senators.
Mr. THHRMAN.' And I presume those
who voted against that motion will be excused.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not. The Chair thinks they.are bound by the
action of the Senate, and will remain until
others come in sufficient to make a quorum.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move that all the
absent Senators be excused, as I am well aware
that they would be here if they were not indis-
posed. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is contrary
to the order of the Senate, and can only be
done by a reconsideration of the vote just taken,
as they have ordered that the Senators not spe-
cially excepted shall be sent for.
[An interval of half an hour elapsed, during
which some of the Senators previously absent
entered the Chamber.]
Mr. RICE, (at eight •'clock and twenty
minutes p. m.) I ask unanimous consent that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
(H. R. No. 1582) authorizing terms of the Uni-
ted States district court to be held at Helena,
Arkansas, was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) There is a motion pend-
ing, upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered, and,a quorum not being present no
other business can be copsidered.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the purpose of ascer-
taining whether there is a quorum, although I
' will vote against my own motion, I move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. PRATT. I promised one of my Dem-
ocratic friends that whenever that motion was
made I would ask for the yeas and nays, for
the purpose of enabling the presence of a
quorum to be discovered.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was my purpose.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 6, nays 33 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Flanagan, Fowler, Harris.
Roberfson. and Sprague—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott,Ames, Anthony, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler,Cole, Conkling,
Corbett. Cragin, Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan,
Howard. Howe. Howell, Nye, Osborn, Pool, Pratt,
Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spen-
cer, Stearns, Stewart. Tbayer, and Willey—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Blair.Boreman.BrOwn-
low, Casserly, Cattell, Fenton, Ferry, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Johnston, Kel-
logg, Lewis, McCreery, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Revels, Saulsbury, Schurz, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
man, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—31.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuse to adjourn, and a quorum is present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the pending
question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to lay on the table the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ken-
tucky to the Indian appropriation bill. ["Ques-
tion!" " Question 1"]
Mr. DAVIS. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PRATT. I ask that the amendment
may be reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will lead the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert: '
And be it further enacted. That whenever the Cher-
okee nation of Indians shall agree thereto by their
national council, or a delegation duly authorised as
the President shall prescribe, it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of the Interior to cause to be surveyed,
as the publio lands are surveyed, and to dispose of
all that part of the lands of the Cherokee nation of
Indians lying within the State of Kansas known as
the "Cherokee strip," toactual settlers in quantities
not exceedingone hundred and sixty acres, insquare
and compaot form, according to legal subdivisions
to each settler, at not les3 than the appraised value
thereof, such appraisement to be made by twodisin-
terested Demons, one to be appointed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior and one to be designated by the
authorities ofthe Cherokee nation, and, in case of
disagreement, by a third person, to be mutually
selected by the aforesaid appraisers. The appraise-
ment of lands settled upon at thepassage of this act,
at the tinie of their settlement respectively, shall be
the value of such land without improvements, but
shall not be less than $1 25 per acre, and shall not
include any value which the improvements on each
tract may have given it. Those not settled at tlm
passage of this act shall be appraised at their value
at the time of examination by appraisers, payment
to be made within one year from the passage of this
act, and all lands not claimed by settlers and paid
for within the said year shall be offered for sale at
not less than the appraised price, and promptly
disposed of, in tracts not exceeding one hundred
and sixty acres to each purchaser. And the pro-
ceeds of the sale of said lands, after paying the ex-
penses of the survey, appraisement, and sale, shall
be invested in United States registered stocks, ac-
cording to the provision of the twenty-third article
of the treaty of 1866 between the United States and
the Cherokee nation, and held for them, and the
interest semi-annually paid thereon, as is therein
provided, to be invested as fast as the sameacerue:
Provided, That all Cherokee?, headsof families, who
had settled and improved upon said lands prior to
the date of the treaty of July 18, 1866. aforesaid, or
their descendants or legal representatives, shall have
the right to purchase one hundred and sixty acres,
taken in a compact form according to the legal sub-
divisions, so as to include the place improved as near
the center as practicable, under such rules of evi-
dence as the Secretary may direct: Provided further.
That the town-site laws shall be made applicable to
the lands in the so-called Cherokee strip: Provided,
That they shall not damage any rights hereinbefore
Mr. DAVIS. All that I have to say 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable; it is a motion to lay the
amendment on the table.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senator who made
the motion to withdraw it that I may say just
one word. [" No objection."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unanimous
consent is given.
Mr. DAVIS. That amendment is in strict
execution of a treaty between the Cherokees
and the United States Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will only say one word.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This -is undertaking to
legislate on a matter that ought to be independ-
ently considered; on an appropriation bill that
we cannot understand now.
Mr. POOL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING-OFFICER. No debate
is in order except by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEWART. I object to any more being
said.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will call the roll.
Mr. ABBOTT. If the Chair will permit
me I will inquire whether a rule has been
adopted by which this motion does not carry
the bill with it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This does
not carry the bill with it.
Mr. SPENCER. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Kellogg.] If he were here he would vote
"yea," and I should vote "nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Cameron, Car-
penter, Chandler. Cole, Conkling, Edmunds, Gilbert,
Hamlin, Howe, Howell, Nye, Pool, Rice, Robertson.
Sawyer. Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Stearns, Stewart,
and Willey—23.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Buckingham, Corbett,
Cragin, Davis, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of Texas,
Harlan, Harris, Howard, Johnston, Osborn, Pratt,
Ramsey. Ross, and Thayer—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman,Br wn-
Inw, Casseiiy, Cattell, Fenton, Ferry, Hamilton of
Maryland. Hill, Kellogg, Lewis, McCreery, McDon-
aldf Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Pattorson, Pomeroy, Revels, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Spencer, Stockton. Sumner. Thurui an,Tipton, Trum-
bull, Vickers, Warner, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—33.
So the amendment was laid on the table.
Mr. DAVIS. I will now move another
amendment as an additional section to the bill.
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury 13 hereby authorized and directed to issue,
on thfc credit of the United States, coupon bonds of
the denomination of not loss than fifty dollars each,
payable twenty years from the data of the approval
of this act hearing interest, in lawful money of
the United States, at the rate of five per cent.
Payable semi-annually, for the suin of
$1,832,460 80, which bonds shall be delivered to the
proper authorities of the Choctaw nation or tribe
and no part thereof shall be delivered by the said
Secretary of the Treasury to any attorney or agent
of said Indians, nor shall the said Secretary in mak-
ing such delivery r$cognizoany contract, agreement,
or assignment made by ©r between said nation or
individual members thereof and any agent or attor-
ney employed by them for the prosecution of said
claim against the Government of the United State*,
but the whole amount of said bonds shall be deliv-
ered to the recognized authority of said nation or
tribe; and the said Choctaw nation or tribe of In-
dians shall receive the said bonds in full satisfaction
and discharge of all claims of said nation or tribe
and the members thereof against the United States,
except annuities now recognized by the United States
as payable to such tribe.
That amendment provides for the payment
in bonds of a large sum of money to an Indian
tribe 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a point of order.
I inquire whether that amendment has been
referred to the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment is in strict
execution of a treaty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the question
I make.; it is whether it was referred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is be-
lieved not to have been referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. EDMONDS. Then I make the point
of order that it is against the thirtieth rule.
Mr. DAVIS. The point of order of the
honorable Senator in my judgment is not well
taken. I understand that it is always in order
to offer an amendment in execution of a law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order made by the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to hear the rule
read that would exclude this amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is the last clause of the
thirtieth rnle.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the rule.
The Chief Clerk read the thirtieth rule, as .
follows:
"30. No amendment proposing additional appro-
priations shall be received to any general appropri-
ation bill unless it be made to carry out the provis-
ions of some existing law, or some act or resolutUn
previously passed by theSenate during that session,
or moved by direction of a standing or select com-
mittee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate
from the head of some of the Departments; and no
amendment shall be received whose object is to pro-
vide for a private claim, unless it be to carry out the
provisions of an existing law or a treaty stipulation.
' All amendments to general appropriation bills
reported from committees of tho Senate, proposing
new items of appropriation, shall, one day before
they are offered, be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and all general appropriation bills
shall be referred to the said committee."
Mr. DAVIS. That rule reads exactly as I
had understood ij, and exaetly against the
point of order made by the Senator from Ver-
mont. It provides expressly that for an amend-
ment to be oat of order it must not be in exe-
cution of a law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kentucky appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair?
Mr. DAVIS. I do appeal from the judg-
ment of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky appeals from the decision of
the Chair. The question is, "Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
Senate?"
Mr. DAVIS. Now I will say a word in
opposition to the decision of the Chair. The
Chair has ruled directly against the rule which
has just been read, and the Senator from Ver-
mont makes his point in contravention to that
rule. I maintain that wherever there is a law
of Congress requiring money to be paid it is
within the strict meauing and permission of
that rule that an amendment may be offered
to any general appropriation bill requiring the
money to be paid. That position cannot be
controverted.
Now, I ask the Chair, if there was an express
act of Congress requiring this amount of money
