1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Congressional Election Law—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
land at $1 25 per acre, taking title from the
date of his entry, of course.
The Judiciary Committee should have con-
fined its examination to but one point in the
case, namely, did the Supreme Court acquire
a rightful jurisdiction of the case? If it did,
then its decision should be a finality. If it
did not, then leave should be given McGar-
rahau to have his case tried de novo, and all
claimants who wish to do so should be per-
mitted to intervene.
In view of the many conflicting claims to
this property, there can be no other solution
to this difficult problem. It is certain that this
property does not belong to the United States.
Many harsh things are charged by the par-
ties contestant upon each other, some just and
some unjust. Where so many agents are em-
ployed, many working for contingent fees, it
would be surprising if some irregularities were
not discovered.
Congressional Election law.
SPEECH OF HON. T. P. BAYARD,
of belawakb,
In the United States Senate,
February 24, 1871.
The Senate, as in Committee of tho Whole, hav-
ing under consideration the bill (II. It. No. 2634) to
amend an act approved May 31, 1870, entitled "An
act to enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of this Union,
and for other purposes"—
Mr. BAYARD said:
Mr. President : This bill came to the Sen-
ate from th'e House of Representatives on the
16th of this month, and was reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary last Monday,
I believe ; and we had at that time a very
emphatic intimation from the honorable Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Conkling,] who
has it so especially in charge and its success
so closely at heart, that it was to be taken up
at an early day and on that day passed. We
were told in advance the decree was that
this bill should be passed at the first session
it was taken up.
Yesterday we had a session lasting continu-
ously nearly thirteen hours. That session was
devoted to the consideration of one of the ap-
propriation bills necessary for the support of
our Government. I and others, in the per-
formance of our duty, stayed here to keep up
a quorum to consider that bill. We sat here
as was our duty as Senators. After we had
been here twelve hours and more the appro-
priation bill was passed; and then this meas-
ure, a purely party measure, was thrust in be-
tween what I may term the legitimate business
of this body, which at this stage of a session
of Congress plainly is to appropriate sufficient
money to pay the expenses of the Government.
That was the fiat of party, that a mere party
measure should be forced between the legiti-
mate business of the country and its accom-
plishment; and having gone forth in this
Chamber, constituted as it now is, there was
no hope to appeal or escape from the decree
of the majority.
Now, sir, I wish to draw the attention, not
of the Senate only, but of the country, to the
fact that here, when we have but one scant
week before the end of the Congress, when
there are upon our Calendar more than four
hundred measures, all of which in the usual
course of business have precedence of the
present measure in priority of time, at a time
when the Post Office appropriation bill, the
naval appropriation bill, the Army appropria-
tion bill, the fortification bill, the deficiency
appropriation bill, the, river and harbor bill,
the civil miscellaneous bill remain still in the
hands of the House of Representatives where
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 11.
they originate under our Constitution, and not
one of them has been brought into this body,
and all that business confronts us, all this mass
of public business before us is thrust aside,
and at the call of party the business of the
country is completely forgotten and passed
by. Why, sir, for more than ten days past
have I seen the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations rising to protest against every
delay of five or ten minutes for the passage or
consideration of any measure. Constantly was
he urging his right to be heard, in order to
enable him to fulfill his duties as chairman of
that important committee. I have been here
sustaining him by my vote, in order that he
should be able to complete measures essential
for the business of the country. But, lo and
behold, the very instant the party trumpet is
sounded he sits still, and the Senate, brushing
aside all thejneasures of pressing necessity to
the country, bestow all their time from mid-
night of last night until this hour in consider-
ing a partisan measure t9 which I shall pres-
ently address myself.
These are the facts. This bill came into the
Senate last Monday. I will mention, as a
matter of justice to myself, that I have been
engaged either in the committees to which I
have been assigned by the Senate or in my
seat on this floor in attending strictly and con-
stantly to the duties of my position. I have
had no time properly to consider such a meas-
ure as this except what has been gathered
this day, since the bill was forced before the
Senate for its consideration.
The experience of this debate of course lets
me know that so far as affecting votes on the
other side is concerned it is simply idle for
me to attempt argument. There have been
amendments proposed here and voted down
by a solid majority which it seems incredible
to me that men living under a constitutional
Government, men who had ever heard of law
or the principles of law, could hesitate for an
instant to adopt. This all indicates that the
passage of this measure and its enactment into
a law fore-ordained by the will of the Radical
majority.
What is my duty, then ? It is simply that
which has been already exhibited on this floor
by those gentlemen who act with me politic-
ally. It is to stand as a sentinel on the outer
wall, where I have been placed, and to give a
note of warning to those who posted me there
of the danger that approaches; for I do be-
lieve that this bill is fraught with danger to
the peace of our country. It will either be
rendered a nullity by the sentiment of the
people of the United States, the sober second
thought that politicians cannot reach, or else
I cannot see how it can help provoking a con-
flict, of which God alone can see the end.
And yet this bill—and I wish the country to
know it—was never permitted to be debated
more than three or four hours in the House
of Representatives. There, as here, no one
rose to explain or defend its provisions, or to
make one answer to the arguments arrayed
against it.
Now, what is it? It is an act amendatory
of two very carefully prepared laws of the last
session of Congress, the one passed in May,
and the other on the 12th of July. What were
those laws ? They were, as I say, most care-
ful and elaborate preparations, most inge-
niously elaborated, giving powers to B'ederal
officers never dreamed or heard of before;
laws plainly intended to affect the elections in
favor'of the party who passed the laws. Yes,
sir, and laws that were brought into life in the
secret councils of the Union League of New
York for the purpose of prostrating the lib-
erties of their countrymen under their feet.
Naturalization was one of the matters treated
of, and the enforcement of what you term the
fifteenth amendment was the other.
These laws were very elaborate. They bris-
tled all over with punishments; they were filled
■with penalties of imprisonment, with fines
that would ruin the -men upon whom they were
to be imposed ; and yet there is this encour-
aging fact, that, thanks to the sentiment of the
American people, those laws proved contempt-
ible failures, confessed failures, and only re-
sulted in bringing greater majorities against
the party that conceived and passed them.
Such, I trust, will be the fate of this present
measure, for, as I say, there are some influ-
ences in the human heart that cannot be abro-
gated by human laws alone. They were put
there for higher and better purposes, and they
will defy the attempts of "man," poor man,
"dressed in a little brief authority," to
attempt to overthrow them.
Mr. President, what is the claim of power
under these laws ? for if Congress undertakes
to pass a law it must look to the charter of our
Government to find the authority to pass it.
Otherwise it is a nullity. What is the delegated
power under which this law can be passed? I
understand that there are two grounds. The
first is to be found in section four of the first
article of the Constitution, which declares
that—
_ "The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in cach State by the Legislature thereof; but
the Congress may, at any time by law, make or alter
such regulations, except as to tho places of choosing
Senators."
This is onesection of the Constitution under
which thispoweris claimed. Ipresume, also,
there is the delegation in the eighth section of
the same article which gives Congress the
power to establish a uniform rule of natural-
ization ; and then we find also this fifteenth
amendment, which is as follows :
"That the right of citizens of the United States
to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the Uni-
ted States, or by any State, on account of race, color,
or previous condition of servitude."
And the second section of the article de-
clares that Congress shall have power to
enforce this article by appropriate legislation.
Now, sir, if there be any other sources from
which the power to pass this act can be imag-
ined, they are unknown to me. These are
the only suggestions of a delegation of power
to Congress which the Constitution contains
that I know of; and if there be another I
should be very glad to hear some Senator who
favors this bill stand up here in the Senate
and announce it. I hear no answer.
As to this matter of connecting naturaliza-
tion with voting, and under the plea that Con-
gress has a power to declare a uniform rule of
naturalization, you are empowered to punish
men for voting at the elections in the several
States under forged naturalization papers. I
consider it an absolute absurdity. Why, sir,
the right of voting is a franchise bestowed and
regulated by the States themselves alone. The
fact that a man is a citizen of the United
States does not give him a right to vote in any
State. The States regulate the qualifications
of voters as they will, entirely free from the
fact of naturalization. If it were worth while
to cite authority on that point, I perhaps could
find none higher and none that ought to be
more acceptable to the 'dominant majority
in this Chamber than that of Benjamin II.
Curtis in his dissenting opinion in the case of
Dred Scott vs. Sandford. He there declared
the only power which Congress had over that
subject was to establish a uniform rule of nat-
uralization, and there it stopped. Let me cite
his own words, at page 578 of 19 Howard's
Reports:
"Among the powers expressly granted to Congress
is 'the power to establish a uniform rale of natural-
ization.' It is not doubted that this is a power to
prescribe a rule for the removal of the disabilities
consequent on foreign birth, lo hold that it ex-
tends further than this would do violence to the
meaning of the term 'naturalization,' fixed in tho
