1596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
entitled by the treaty, having complied with
the terms of the treaty, to patents in fee-simple
to three hundred and twenty acres of land.
They have certificates of allotment; they now
ask that they may have the title. That is this
amendment,
Mr.v SHERMAN. Are these Indians in
possession ?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am not able to say
as to that.
Mr. ROSS. About all there is of this prop-
osition is this, in a very few words; it is to
oust from their farms, where they- now live
and have made valuable improvements, about
sixty-four white men for the benefit of thirty-
two dead Indians. That is all there is of it.
Mr. STEWART. I move to lay the amend-
ment on the table.
The motion Was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I have had occasion to
call the attention of the Senate twice to-day
to a provision in this bill. Now, in order to
get their attention more definitely to it, I move
to strike out of the bill, on page 28, lines six
hundred and sixty to six hundred and sixty-
eight, both inclusive. This is a provision for
the Gros Ventres. It is word for word, letter
for letter, the same pro vision that is contained
on page 6 of the bill, except that on page 6
the Arickarees and Mandans are also included
with the Gros Ventres. I cannot account for
this double provision for the Gros Ventres,
unless the Committee on Indian Affairs sup-
posed from the name, which in this presence I
will not translate, that they needed a double
provision. ("Laughter.]
Mr. BAYARD. What is the amount of this
appropriation ? v
Mr. THURMAN. The amount of the first
appropriation is $40,000, and the next is
$35,000, word for word the same.
Mr. BAYARD. This ,ts the second time
that the honorable Senator' from Ohio has
asked for information on this point. These
Indian bills, at any rate, are very obscure to
most of us, and when you find two separate
sums of money, assimilating in amount, for
the same tribes and the same object, I certainly
think it should be explained for the benefit,
if not of the Senate, at least of the country.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire if this is a part
of the text of the bill as it came to the Sen-
ate from the House of Representatives ?
Mr. COLE. I will answer that it is a part
of the text of the bill as it came to us from the
House of Representatives.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose the attention
of the Committee on Appropriations may have
been called to it. The explanation is very sim-
ple. They are two bodies of Indians living
in different places.
Mr. COLE. And provided for under differ-
ent treaties, I will add.
Mr. THURMAN. Why, both these appro-
priations, that on page 6 and that on page 28
which I move to strike out, are not provided
for by any treaty at all. These are appropri-
ations made under no treaty whatsoever. You
have only to look at your book of estimates
and look at your bill to see that they are
appropriations made without any foundation
of a treaty at all.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of the honorable
Senator from Ohio if he is quite sure that
there is no treatv with either of these tribes ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am quite sure, for I
have looked at the book of estimates and I
have also looked at your bill. Wherever there
is a treaty it is named in the bill. •
Mr. HARLAN. That is ' not conclusive.
A considerable number of the treaties with
Indians have never been published. You Will
find them on the rolls in the State Depart-
ment.
Mr. COLE. I do not know but that I was
in a little error, in saying that they were pro-
vided for in different treaties, in one sense of'
the word. Treaties were entered into with
these Indians separately, but those) "I believe)
are among the treaties (hat have not been rat-
ified; and these appropriations are made to
provide for these'Indians in place of the pro-
visions that were made in these treaties which
have not been acted upon by the Senate.
The treaby-makiug power has taken cogni-
zance, However, of the fact that there are two
separate tribes or parties of these Indians. In
the one case the Gros Ventres are associated
with the Arickarees and the Mandans, the*
three tribes being together. In the other case
another portion of the Gros Ventres are by
themselves. This is a matter that was consid-
ered pretty fully by the Committee on Appro-
priations. The fact of these two appropria-
tions being apparently for the same Indians
was not overlooked in committee. The thing
was fully and carefully considered there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will only add to what
the Senator from California has said that pre-
cisely this apparent duplicity of appropriation,
to use a law phrase, attracted the attention
at once, and we looked at our reports of tlie
Indian office, and the treaties and the censuses
of these two separate sets of people, and found
that they were altogether different portions of
people, going by the same name but living in
different plaees. Therefore it is just the same
as if the Gros Ventres, on page 28, were called
by any other name; it is not the same appro-
priation at all or for the same people.
Mr. STEWART. Where do they live ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can tell to-morrow
morning; we had the reports and we looked
at the matter with the statute-books and exam-
ined the subject carefully.
Mr. THURMAN. I am very fond of ethno-
logical studies. If I understood the Sena-
tor from Vermont aright, there are two tribes
of Indians who-have gros ventres. If that is
so, I must, of course, let the thing go. How-
ever, I will fake the vote of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is oil the amendment propoSftd by the
Senator from Ohio.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROSS. I offer this amendment in pur-
suance of a recommendation of the Secretary
of the Interior:
That the sum of $75,000, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay the expense of the survey of thodimiuished res-
ervation of the Great and Little Osages, in the State
of Kansas: Provided, That the amount so paid for
such survey shall be refunded to the Treasury from
the proceeds of the sale of said reservation.
Mr. COLE. That is so clearly in conflict
with Rule 30 that I must object to it.
Mr. POMEROY. How is it in conflict with
the thirtieth rule 1
Mr. COLE. It makes a large appropriation
without notice having been given to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. ROSS. Is notice required where an
appropriation is recommended by the bead of
a Department?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; all these things
must go to the committee.
Mr. THURMAN. On page 4, I move to
strike out lines eighty-one and eighty-two,
"for the manufacture of medals for Indians,
$5,000." I know very well how much Indians
are addicted to personal ornaments, how much
they value personal ornaments; but my inform-
ation upon the subject of medals given to them
by the Government of the United States leads
me to the opinion that they value an eagle's
feather or a handsome wampum or a fine skin
of an animal more than they value all your
medals. I do not believe that anything is to
be done toward conciliating the Indians by
expending the money of the people ia giving
them medals. If any one thinks otherwise,
and will satisfy me that I am wrong, I will
very willingly yield to his superior reading;
but, so far as 1 am aware, tbey have not half
as much fegard fop the medals of the Govern-
ment as the American people have for the titles
of "Senator," "general," and "judge."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to make a statement in explanation of
a remark I made early in the evening, relating
to the proposition for the survey and sale of
certain Indian lands belonging to the Iowas
and the Sacs and Foxes in Nebraska and Kan-
sas. I stated that I believed there was a spec-
ulation in that proposition. I ought to say in
justice to the Committee on Indian Affairs that
that amendment was proposed by them upon
the recommendation of the Department, for-
warded to the Senate through the President.
The Department acted upon the recommenda-
tion of those having charge of these Indians.
My information which led me to make that
remark has been received by me since the com-
mittee acted upon the amendment. I felt it
my duty, therefore, to object to the amend-
ment ; and I regard it as my duty now to make
this statement in justice to the committee. The
Committee on Indian Affairs acted on the best
information which they had and upon the rec-
ommendation of the Department.
Mr. BAYARD. I propose to move an
amendment in order to obtain some informa-
tion in regard to this bill. On page 5, lines
ninety, ninety-one, and nine-two, I find an
appropriation of $38,500, which I move to
strike out for the purpose of having some
explanation from the chairman of the com-
mittee. The clause now reads:
For contingencies, including traveling, incidental,
current, and contingent expenses of superintendents
and agents, and of their offices, $38,600.
There is rather a duplication of adjective,
there between the incidental, current, and con-
tingent expenses. I wish to know whether
they are made op separately, or whether they
include the same matter, and can be estimated
in this round way at $38,500. We ordinarily
consider that incidental and contingent ex-
penses might be classed together. Perhaps
this bill, being remarkable in many ways,
requires another adjective, and therefore "cur-
rent" is put in here also. The difference
between " current" and "fixed" expenses may
not be entirely understood by many members
of the Senate. If $38,500 are to be distrib-
uted between these three different adjectives
I wish to know which of them, if any, entitles
the appropriation to be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Delaware.
Mr. COLE. In reply to the inquiry of
the Senator from Delaware, I will state that
this sum is included in one item and without
being separated under several heads; but the
very language is used in the bill that is found
in the book of estimates. The estimate is
for $50,000, but the amount is cut down to
$38,500. There is a note here, however, from
the Department, which I will read. It is as
follows:
"The amount asked for will be required, as the
business of the Indian Office is constantly increasing,
and the amount heretofore appropriated has been
found insufficient to conduct it."
The committee of the other House and the
House itself evidently came to the conclusion
that the amount appropriated last year might
possibly be got along with for another year,
and the Committee on Appropriations of the
Senate did not see fit to change the appropria-
tion made by the House.
Mr. BAYARD. In the first plaee, all these
officers are salaried. In the next place, there
are, in this bill, specific appropriations for
almost every imaginary expense that they can
meet with for every given thing. Now, why
this drag-net should be thrown around every
possible expenditure, honest or otherwise,
which they may make, is something I cannot
understand. Each of these officers, as I say,
