18T1-]
APPENDIX TO TSE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
41st Cong....3i> Sess.
Congressional Election Law—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
ident of the United States possessed these vir-
tues of the soldier ever placed him where he
is? And when the people of this country shall
believe that he is no longer controlled by such
virtues, that day he loses their respect, and
with it that support which placed him so high.
But what becomes of all those virtues which
pertain to a military government under the
present law? Where is your generous, high-
minded soldier? Bow is he to exercise these
traits of character which I have described as
being so lovely and respectable? Why, sir,
he is subordinated by this law to the control of
the vilest and worst partisan officials, your
most gallant, accomplished soldier must bow
his head in the presence of some wretched par-
tisan, and obey his orders as he would those
of his Commander-iii- Chief.
When I see (and I shall presently show you
it was done) that the Army of the United
States is placed at the beck and call of a par-
cel of mere partisan deputy marshals, when
they can order your gallant officers with their
brave troops to do the dirly work of a party
on election day, I feel that the Army'of my
country is disgraced and their character pros-
tituted by such base uses. These bills are
nothing but insults to the brave men who
officer our Army and fill its ranks. I wonder
if the American people fully realize this fact,
that the defense of our country depends upon
the esprit de corps of our Army and Navy.
Take away from the soldier his high pride and
self-respect, and you render him little better
then than a bandit. You intrust him with the
sword, the greatarbiter of all human quarrels,
the last argument of kings ; and what protec-
tion shall you have if, when trusted with such
powers, you take from him his sense of high and
honorable responsibility for their proper em-
ployment, and destroy all those high influences
of character that alone protect you in his
exercise of these powers?
1 do not believe oar people have undestood
this question rightly; I do not believe they
have duly reflected upon it; and I only wish
my weak voice could ring out far beyond this
Chamber to tell them what this renewed
and intensified attempt to prostitute our Army
and our Navy to the basest purposes of a
failing party will certainly result in. Why,
sir, what was done with the Army and the
Navy last fall? What was the duty imposed
upon them by Order of the present Admin-
istration? My friend from California [Mr.
Casserly] introduced early in the session,
and there is now on your Calendar, and has
been for two months or more, a resolulution
of inquiry directedto the Presidentof the Uni-
ted States, to learn to what uses he employed
the Army and the Navy to affect State elec-
tions during the last fall. The people had a
right to lttiow. It was, in the the first place,
a question of unwarranted expense; and next,
the higher question whether they were em-
ployed lawfully andjustiliably for an honest end
and in a legal way. That resolution my friend
has attemped to call up and pass on several
occasions; that resolution is one of deep in-
terest to the people of this country ; but the
dominant majority in this Chamber not only
have relused to allow it to be answered, but
the only response we have to it is a repeti-
tion of the outrageous legislation of the last
session, only intensified in the very respects
which the resolution pointed to.
I wish the country to know that while any
pattisan measure of this kind to prostitute the
Army and the Navy for party purposes can be
brought in and hurried through the Senate, to
the disturbance and dislocation of the legit-
imate business of the country, a resolution
will lie upon your table for months, asking for
information as to what has been done by the
Executive ; and it is not permitted to be heard
because, the will of the majority here forbids it.
Now, sir, I propose to show, in the absence
of the official information which we ought
long ago to have received, what was done with
the Army and the Navy of the United States
during the last fall. We all know that they
were employed for the purpose of intimidating
the voters in various parts of this country, and
that the chief point to which such forces were
directed was the city of New York, a city
which, in proportion to her population, sent
more soldiers into your Army to uphold your
Government at the time you believed it to be
in danger than any other portion of the country.
In the New York Tribune of the 9th of
November, 1870, are to be found the military
orders respecting the disposition of troops and
the objects for which they were intended.
This was published on the day after the elec-
tion, and I read from the report preceding
those orders:
"The military enjoyed a day of leisure. If they
had not been stationed in force in tlio eity, no one
can so much as imagine the fearful scenes there
might have been enacted in our streets. But Tam-
many ruffians have never liked tbe smell of powder,
'and a wholesome fear of bullets and bayonets re-
strained them from their usual evil practices.
" To the colored men of the city all praise should
be given. They voted almost unanimously the
Republican ticket, and many worked hard all day
in bringing voters to the polls. The many colored
marshals, about whom such an outcry has been
made, performed their duties quietly, modestly, and
at the same time with firmness and promptitude."
Then follow the official orders :
[From the Now York Tribune of November S.]
" Although thero were about three thousand
regular troops in and about the city on yesterday,
no "gleam of Federal bayonets" was seen in the
streets.
"The following special order and circular, issued
last week, were first made public about nine o'clock
last evening:
[Circular.]
Headquarters Department of tiie Ea^t,
New Yoiik City, November 2.
The following is published for the information and
government of officers commanding any portion of
troops called on to aid the United States civil officers
in the city of New York in the enforcement of the
UnitedStates laws.
IHere follow sections ten and thirteen of the
military act of Congress to regulate elections in the
States, approved May 31,1870.J
The obligationsof the military,(individual officer,
and soldiers,) in common with all citizens, to obey
the summons of a marshal or a sheriff, must be held
subordinate to their paramount duty as members of
a permanent military body. Hence tho troops can
act only in their proper organized capacity, under
their own officers, and in obedience to the immediate
orders of these officers. The officer commanding
troops summoned to tho aid of a marshal or sheriff
must also judge for himself, and upon his own offi-
cial responsibility, whether the service required of
him is lawful and necessary, and compatible with the
proper discbarge of his ordinary military duties, and
must limit his action absolutely to proper aid in
execution of the precept exhibited to him by the mar-
shal or sheriff. ****•« ■ •
By command of General Grant:
J. C. ICELTON,
Asxixtant Adjutant OeiicroJ.
Major General Geohge G. Meade, U. S. A.
[Official.]
Wak Department,
Washington City, October 27,1870.
Sib: In view of the apprehension that there may
be possible opposition made to the United States
laws in connection with the cominff election in the
eity of New York. November 8,1870, the President
directs that you instruct Brigadier General McDow-
ell, commanding the department of tho East, to hold
tbe'troops in that vicinity in readiness for service
during a week, if necessary, to protect and assist
the civil officers of the United States in their duty
of enforcing the laws. Tho engineer troops and all
others in the harbor of New York and vicinity will,
forthe occasion, be at his command. You will in-
struct General McDowell to confer tully beforehand
with tho United States marshal and the United
States district attorney, to concert with them
proper measures, and to promptly respond to any
call made upon him for troops by the marshal dur-
ing the week of the election, ordering them m such
numbers and to such points in the city as the mar-
shal may signify. ^ .
The President hopes that the use of the United
States troops for the purpose indicated wil I never be
required, but the law mustbo enforced, and he there-
fore expects General McDowell and tho otheers and
troops under his command, while using the utmost
discretion, to take care that the purpose of the Gov-
ernment to enforce the law is fully carried out; but
in the performance of this duty they are only effect-
ually to execute the measures indicated to them by
the authorized civil officers of the United States.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedientservant.
WM. W.BELKNAP,
Secretary of VFur.
CHAUNCEY McICEEVER,
Assistant Adjutant General.
General W. T. Sherman,
United Stales Army, Washington, J). C.
[Official.]
IIl2Ar>qttarters department op thee^it,
New York City, November 5,1870.
[Special Orders No. 229.]
1. The available officers and two hundred non-
commissioned officers and privates of the engineer
troops at Willett'8 Point, Now York harbor, will
come to the headquarters' building in this city on
next Monday evening, November 7, so as to arrive
by ten o'clock p.m., prepared for armed service, and
to remain at least till Wednesday morning-. They
will come in a steamboat which tbe quartermaster's
department will sond for them, and will be landed
at tho foot of Spring street. (Pior No. 43 North river,)
and march thence and take the station which may
bo shown them by the district quartermaster. They
will bring a day's cooked rations, facilities will be
afforded in the building for making hot coffee.
2. All the available officers and men of the eighth
infantry will be brought to the city on Monday, the
7th instant, to arrive about ten o'clock p. m. They
will come prepnredfor armed service, with their over-
coats and blankets, to remain at least till Wednes-
day morning, t he 9th instant. The colonel, with fivo
companies, will takepostinbuilding No. 161 Avenue
13, near the northeast corner of Tompkins square, and
the lieutenantcolonel, with fivecompanies, will take
post in buildings Nos. 322, 324, and 32G East l^orty-
Fifth street, between First and Second avenues.
3. Tho available officers and men of the compa-
nies of the first artillery at Forts Hamilton, Wads-
worth, and Wood, under Colonel Vogdes, or the
senior officer, will come to the city on Monday even-
ing, the 7th instant, to arrive by about ten p. m., pre-
pared for armed sorvice, and to remain at least till
Wednesday morning. Theywilltake postin build-
ing No. 29A Broadway, near the corner of Reade
street, and will land at the wharf most convenient
for their reaching that point. They will bring with
them a day's cooked rations and their camp-kettles
for making coffee. The district quartermaster will
furnish drays to carry their effects from the steam-
boat.
4. The troops above indicated, and the fifth artil-
lery, from Fort Trumbull and Fort Ad<im&, are to be
brought here to aid the United States civil officers
in the execution of their duty in enforcing tbe Uni-
ted States laws, and it cannot be too strongly im-
pressed. on them that the duty they have to perform
is one of exceeding delicacy, and of the highest im-
portance, and that it may depend largely on their
fidelity and good conduct that peace is maintained.
They will be held in readiness for service at liter-
ally a moment's notice; and from the time of their
arrival not a man will be allowel to leave the build-
ing, on any account or for any purpose whatever,
unless under a commissioned officer.
5. Commanders of the stations above named will,
immediately on their arrival, send a report of the
fact to department headquarters.
By command of Brigadier General McDowell:
ROBERT C.PERRY,
Acting Assistant Adjutant General.
" The troops came on Monday night"—
Says the paper—
"and disembarked silently to their several quar-
ters. During the day perfcct order feigned. The
headquarters of tho department, at the corner of
Houston and Greene street?, presented a quiet ap-
peai'ance. Tho stair-ways, however, leading to tbe
two upper stones of the building were packed with
troops. The engineer department, from Willet's
Point, numbering three hundred men, with compa-
nies II and X of the fifth United States artillery,
from Fort Trumbull, Now London, Connecticut, all
under command of Colonel Kiddoe, were quartered
in the halls and on the stairs. Their arms were
stacked, and tho men were scattered round on
benches and on the H or, oi stood in groups engaged
in conversation. All were armed with the latest
improved needle-gun, and furnished wit.n forty
rounds of ammunition, with one hundred rounds a
man in reserve. , . _ ,
"At pior No. 27 North river companies A, B, and
L, of tho fitch United States ariillery, from Fort
Adam?', Newport, were quartered on the steamer
Metis. In addition to these was Duront's light bat-
tery of four guns. None was allowed to leave the
boat or to enter without a pass. The men wciciu
the lower pait of the boot, and the officers were in
the cabin under Colonel Hunt.
" Companies B, C, B, 11, and M, of the first United
States ariiilerv, Colonel Vogdes, from Forts Ham-
ilton and Wadswortii, New York hoibor. were sta-
tioned in the three upper stories ofiNo. zJ-i i>ioaa-
W,^itNo.l«l AvenueB, nenrTompkinssquare, there
were stationed the first fivo compan's-s of the eighth
infantry. Colonel Bomford in command. This regi-
ment eamo from David's Island, and was armodmta,
