1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
here that I introduced this amendment when
the Indian appropriation bill was under con-
sideration last year. I introduce it now from
a simple sense of duty. I believe that I am
warranted in doing so by observations made
on the frontier during the past summer; and
in this connection I wish to have read a short-
letter from the bishop of Arizona, an esteemed
functionary in my country, who has had a great
deal to do with the Indians upon the frontier.
I ask that that letter be read and entered upon
the record.
The Clerk read as follows:
Tucson, Arizona, April 23,1870.
My Dear Sir : I am much obliged to you, my dear
sir, for the attention nith which you have kept me
supplied with whatever of current interest there
might be relating to our Territory upon questions
■which conic before Congress. I thank you particu-
larly for the manner in which you have recently
spoken upon Indian affairs.
I bad just arrived from among the Pimo Indians
when your remarks of March 2 reached me, and I
was able to judge how much that speech conformed
to the wants of those Indians and to what tbey
themselves desire. I found some of them who in-
formed me they wished to have schools to edu-
cate their children, and had been led to hope for a
long time for such, but that the promises had never
been realized. Nothing could be more just and more
necessary than that moderate appropriation of funds
which you recommended for the purpose of educat-
ing the young Pirnos.
I approve equally your method of making theln-
dians work for their subsidies, for it would render
them a great service, and would teach them to pro-
vide for and maintain themselves hereafter by their
labor, while rewards gratuitously bestowed only
serve to stimulate their vices and to leave them
continually at a point of degradation.
Speak on, my dear sir, and I hojfe your views will
soon obtain favor in Congress, and if not, you will
possess at least the consciousness of having dis-
charged your duty.
Accept, dear sir, the assurance of my profound
rCSPe0t' J. B. SALPOINTE, Bishop.
Hon. R. G. McCormick, M. C., Washington, D. C.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. As I said
before, I introduced this amendment simply as
a matter of duty. I believe there is no hope
for the Indians iu giving them appropriations
unless we begin to instruct them at once in the
arts of labor, as the writer of that letter says.
They will be,, under the present plan, kept at
the point of degradation.
Mr. SARGENT. As a tribute to my friend
from Arizona [Mr. McCormick] from his
amiable bishop, the letter just read is all well
enough, and 1 am -willing it shall go into the
Globe. The gentleman himself, however,
should admit that the proposition contained
in his amendment is absurd as applied to the
Apaches of Arizona. As his amendment ap-
plies to this entire bill, and does not discrim-
inate at all, if adopted it would destroy the
usefulness of the bill to a great degree. I hope,
therefore, it will not be adopted.
The amendment was not adopted.
Mr. SARGENT. I understand that there
is a necessity for the Committee of the Whole
to rise at this time. We are nearly through
this bill, and perhaps could finish it in ten or
fifteen minutes longer.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. „ , ,
Mr. SARGENT. The reading of the bill
is concluded, but there are other amendments
to be offered which will require a further con-
sideration of this bill; but as there is a neces-
sity for the committee to rise, I will now submit
that motion.
The motion was agreed to. >
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Wheeler reported that, according to order,
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the special
order, being House bill No. 2615, making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and lor
fulfilling so-called treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes for the year ending June .-SO,
1872, and for other purposes, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
joint resolution approved.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Porter, one of his secretaries,
announced that the President had approved
and signed a joint resolution of the following
title:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 434) extend-
ing the use of the Library of Congress to the
commissioners appointed to revise and consol-
idate the laws of the United States.
enrolled bill and joint resolutions.
Mr. BBATTY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
and joint resolutions of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 874) to reimburse the State of
Kansas for moneys expended for the United
States in enrolling, equipping, and provision-
ing militia forces to aid in suppressing the
rebellion;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 10) directing
the Secretary of War to sell Bergen Heights
arsenal: and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 246) granting
the right of way to the Pensacola and Barran-
cas Railroad Company through the naval and
military reservations near Pensacola, Florida.
death of senator norton.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, communicated to the
House information of the death of Hon.
Daniel S. Norton, late a Senator from the
State of Minnesota, with the proceedings of
the Senate thereon.
The message was read as follows :
Is Senate of the United States,
January 21,1871.
Resolved, That the Senate receives with deep
regret the announcement of the death of Daniel S.
Nokton, late a member of this body.
Resolved, That the members of the Senate will
manifest their respect for thememory of thedeceased
by wearing the usual.badge of mourning.
Resolved, That these proceedings be communicated
to the House of Representatives.
Resolved, That as a further mark of respect for the
deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker,
I move that the House do concur in these res-
olutions. A half year has passed since we
bore to the tomb the remains of Senator Nor-
ton. Time may have dulled the keen edge
of grief, but it has left that calm, sad mingling
of kindly remembrances which will, through
many long years, preserve his image among
our most cherished recollections. His hand-
some form and gallant bearing were observed
by even the most casual acquaintances, and
his good qualities of head and heart endeared
him to an unusually large circle of friends,
who sincerely mourn that his life went out
seemingly so much too early.
He was born in Mount Vernon, Ohio, on the
12th of April, 1829. When a mere youth he
went forth in the service of his country, and
fought gallantly through the Mexicanwar.
After this his adventurous spirit carried him
through the then exciting scenes of life in Cal-
ifornia and Nicaragua. Returning home he
embraced the profession of law, and com-
menced its practice in his native State. But
the spirit of the "far West" had entered his
veins, and when once imbibed it seldom
leaves its partaker contented in the older set-
tled regions. His footsteps were again turned
toward the frontier, and he appeared among
that early band of young men at Winona so
many of whom have achieved distinction m
the political fortunes of our young State.
He had a natural taste for public life, and
was three times elected to our State senate.
In 1865, while a member of that body, he was
chosen United States Senator. The circum-
stances attending that great triumph were the
highest tribute to his personal worth, tor he
was not in accord with the dominant party.
He had been elected to the Legislature over a
regular Republican nominee. He was well
known to hold conservative views, which would
never allow full fellowship with'Radical ism.
Ordinary party usage would have given him
no chance of success. But his own rare abil-
ity to make personal friends and their earnest
devotion to his interest made his .election a
personal and not a party victory.
When the Republican party made its great
departure from the line of reconstruction laid
out by Lincoln, Sherman, and Grant, and
maintained by Johnson, he refused to follow
their diverging course, and afterward became
allied with the Democracy. In the great trial
of impeachment he voted with that small band
of distinguished Republicans whom party dis-
cipline failed to range upon the side of the
accusers. As in the case of Fessenden and
Trumbull, the storm of party denunciation was
poured in frenzied wrath upon his devoted
head; and like unto them he was never ac-
cused of being prom pted by other motives than
conscientious convictions of the rectitude
of his course. While angry partisans spoke
bitter words of his separation from the Repub-
lican organization, they could not say he was
false to any pledges, for he made none and
was placed in position with full notice of his
views. If he disappointed any in not pliantly
following the various bendings of political
policy, their mistake was in an underestimate
of the man.
His independence of character was his
marked trait. While kind and social, he
thought for himself. His opinions were formed
in the workshop of his own intellect and not
from the pressure of party or association.
As a debater, he was possessed of fine
powers. Avoiding all rhetorical flourish, he
handled a subject with the well-balanced force
of a lawyer. His efforts upon the various ques-
tions of reconstruction, and in opposition to
what he believed encroachments upon the
sacred ark of the Constitution, will be read
anew in calmer times by unprejudiced minds,
and maintain for him an honored name. And
more than all this is the character he ever pre-
served for incorruptible integrity. Although
he had no personal, he had at one time many
politio*l enemies. But however they may
have reprehended his political course, they
never dared breathe the breath of suspicion
upon the mirror of his fair fame. Twelve
years in public office, he enjoyed that proudest
distinction of being universally acknowledged
an honest man.
But I need add no more to this deserved
tribute to the memory of a departed friend. I
was associated with him in younger years and
under circumstances which made friendship
more than ordinarily close. I was with him
much in his last illness, and by his bedside
during the silent midnight hour when his soul
struggled its release from mortality. It was
hard to see the purpose of Providence in its
inscrutable ways. It seemed hard that he
should be cut down in the very prime of man-
hood and usefulness, when he was clothed
with honors and surrounded with the freshest
pleasures of life, when a beautiful and loving
young wife and an affectionate daughter were
gladdening his home and numerous friends
making pleasant his pathways. But the eye
of faith must look where the fallible intellect
cannot, and we must bow in submission to
our loss and in kindly sympathy with those
sorrowing relatives whose loss so much ex-
ceeds ours.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. Speaker, I cannot,
consistently with my own feelings, suffer this
occasion to pass without saying something of
the .personal character and worth of him whose
death has recently been announced on this floor.
In attempting this, I am well aware of the dif-
ficulty of speaking truthfully, and yet with
charity, of the life and character of any public
man. When public men pass away the popular
impulse is (and it exhibits one of the loftiest
elements of human nature) to spread the man*
