164
APPENDIX TO THE GONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Senate.
Congressional Election Law—Mr. Bayard.
41st Cong.,..3d Sess.
the needle-gun. They were quartered in the hall
over a lager-beer saloon, and company A was kept
under arms ready for marching orders. The remain-
ing five companies of the regiment were on Forty-
Fifth street, between First and Second avenues, in
the large room of a brewery. Guards were, as in all
cases, stationed at the top and bottom of the stairs,
and all who applied for entrance were taken under
guard before Colonel Edie. Long rows of stacked
arms extended the whole length of the hall. An
ample supply of ammunition was brought to the
place, amounting in the aggregate to one hundred
and foity rounds for each man.
"/  the Ihver and Harbor.—The frigates Guer-
ricre and Narragansett were at anchor at the foot of
Chambers street. North river, and Wall street. Bast
river, respectively. The port-holes were all closed,
however, and every appearance of warlike prepara-
tion on board was avoided. None other than the
troops regularly stationed there were onGovernor's
Island."
This is enough to show what was the prep*
aration made. These men were brought for a
hostile military expedition; they were brought
for 4< armed service;" they were broughtwith
one hundred and forty rounds of ammunition
for each man, artillery and infantry, and in
addition to that United States men-of-war were
stationed in the harbor of New York, so as to
command with their guns the streets of that
peaceful city. This was done, I suppose, under
the power "to regulate commerce." Mr.
President, T want my countrymen to ask them-
selves, when these troops were brought there
for "armed service," (armed service against
whom ?) if that ammunition was to be ex-
pended, whose breasts were to receive it ? If
blood was to flow, whose blood, and for what?
It was armed service against the unarmed peo-
ple of the United States, citizens who were
taxed to feed, clothe, and arm that soldiery,
who were brought there for their intimidation
and oppression without any warrant which can
be found under the Constitution of the United
States.
Sir, they were not brought to assist the offi-
cers of the law in the performance of their
duties, bur they were brought to assist the offi-
cers of the law in intimidating their political
opponents. This same paper contains a very
long and bitter speech by the honorable Sen-
ator from New York [Mr. Conkling] who has
charge of the bill. He knew of the presence
of the armed forces, he was emboldened by it,
he was glad of their presence, and he shook
that mailed hand, not his own, but the mailed
band of the soldier, which belonged to our
whole country and to all parties in our coun-
try, and armed equally for the defense of all—
that mailed hand was shaken against his
political foes.
Well, sir, the district attorney of the United
States, feeling himself backed up by this mill-
' tary force, with all the insolence of power, and
the United States marshal, thought they had
things their own way and could do as they saw
fit; and when they found the troops were come
to do their bidding, when bavonets were to do
that which ballots could not do, when reason
and argument were to be supplemented by the
bayonet and the bullet, they proposed certain
methods of carrying the election, and they, for
their party purposes and for the intimidation
of their political opponents, sought so to con-
strue the acts of Congress which authorized
interference with elections in such a way as to
give unlimited control to their own partisan
officials.
These attempts will all be found spread out
on Monday morning, November 7,1870, in the
New York Tribune; and very delightful were
such orders to the politicians of-the Tribune
school. It is true that it was a party of moral
ideas; it Is true that it was a party professing
philanthropy ; but it is also true that it is a
party with no law but the gratification of its
own passions, and when this soldiery were
brought, whose bright bayonets might soon
be dimmed and crimsoned with the heart's
blood of citizens of the United States who
had broken no law and were but seeking to
exercise their right to vote according to the
laws of their State, we have this publication,
by Mr. Noah Davis and Mr. George H. Sharpe,
of the construction they would put upon the
law. I will ask the Senate to listen to what
they did intend to do j and we shall presently
see how, when the pinch came, that, backed
as they were by their bayonets, they gave way
to something that is stronger, and that is an
aroused and indignant public sentiment; and
there was a most wholesome sense that it
would not be prudent to allow these orders to
stand unrevoked in the presence of the indig-
nant people of that State. A circular letter
was issued by Mr. Davis to all the supervisors
and by Mr. Sharpe to the deputy marshals.
Who these deputy marshals were, how they
were appointed, what was the character of
the men in whom this dangerous power was
reposed, or, to use the language of the Presi-
dent of the United States or his Secretary of
War, by whom this " most delicate duty " was
to be performed, you have been fully advised
by my honorable friend from Maryland, [Mr.
Vickers,] who read from the papers giving a
description of the personnel of these sweet,
innocent doves, who were to preside with their
white wings over the purity of the ballot-box
in the city of New York! I do not propose
to read the whole of these circular letters;
they are very long. I shall only give certain
passages:
Sir : As one of the citizens appointed by the judge
of the circuit court under the late act of Congress,
you have yet remaining certain powers and duties
relating to the election, to which your special atten-
tion is hereby called.
Fiist. It is your duty to attend on the day of elec-
tion, and to be present from the opening of the polls
till the final counting of the votes, and to challenge
every vote which you know or suspect to be illegal
or improperly offered, and to see to it thatyour chal-
lenge is respected by the board of inspectors, and
that the oaths required by law are properly admin-
istered. To discharge this duty properly you should
keep a list of all persons challenged, and should
specially note whether oaths are administered, and
particularly all cases of refusal to administer the
oath, and all cases where the challenged party re-
fuses to take the oath. In every case whereyouknow
or feel satisfied that the person voting or otfering to
vote is not legally entitled to vote it is your duty to
call the attention of a deputy marshal to such per-
son and his offense. As supervisor you have not
power to make arrests v but it will be a failure of
duty on your part if you omit when you challenge
a person not a lawful voter to notify any deputy
marshal present of the crime about being committed
or attempted.
Second. At the close of the polls it is your especial
duty to witness and closely scrutinize the counting
of the votes and the making of the official returns.
The act of Congress declares that you shall *' be
present and witness throughout the counting of all
votes," and "remain where the ballot-boxes are
kept, at all times, after the polls are opened, until
the votes are finally counted." Your duty in this
regard does not end until the canvass of ail thevote3,
in all the boxes, is completed, for you are to see to
it that every vote for Representative in Congress
found in any of the boxes is properly counted, as
required by the laws of the State. And with a view
to make and attach to the certificate of the number
of votes cast any statement touching the truth or
fairness thereof which you may desire, it is import-
ant to witness throughout the counting of all the
votes cast at the election. You will remain, there-
fore, at your post till the entire canvass is finished.
The laws of the State provide for the order in which
the boxes are to be opened and canvassed. Any
departure therefrom, with a fraudulent intent, is
made a crime by the twenty-second section of the
act of Congress. If tho board of inspectors proceed
in violation of the State law you should call atten-
tion to the law, and ask that it be obeyed. But if
the board persist, their crime cannot affect your duty
or rights, and you will remain, and, if necessary,
call on the marshal or deputy to protect you in so
do ng, till the votes are wholly counted-and the final
certificate is made.
Third. When the certificate of the number of votes
cast is completed, if you think proper to attach
thereto any statement touching the truth or fairness
thereof, itis your right and duty so to do. You will
in such case prepare and sign such statement and
attach it to the certificate, and if refused permission
to do so, you will preserve the statement and note
the name of the officer or person who refuses such
permission. Either or both of the supervisors may
make such statement, either jointly or separately,
: and each may attach his own statement if he pre-
! fers to do so.
I Fourth. These duties require you, and the law
I clothes you with the right, to be present at the place
of voting, and in such position with regard to the
place of receiving and of counting the votes as will
enable you to see plainly the person offering to vote,
the taking of the vote, and the depositing of it in
the box by the inspector; and that no votes be put
into the boxes by any inspector or other person, ex-
cept those presented by the electors; and that no
votes are counted but those which are voted, and
that all such are truly and fairly counted. Each
supervisor is therefore entitled to be and remain in
the room where the board oi inspectors are in ses-
sion. and to have a seat and other convenience for
discharging his duties (to be provided by himself) m
such position as will enable him to perform all his
duties; and it is a crime under the law for any one
44 to prevent, or hinder, or molest" a supervisor in
so doing, for which the offender may be indicted and
punished. In the performance of these duties the
supervisors are officers acting-under their oath of
office, and are themselves liable, under the act of
Congress, for any willful neglect or breach of duty
While they cannot themselves make arrests, but are
to remain constantly at their posts, watchful to pre-
vent crimes or detect them when committed, they
have authority to call on the deputy marshals to pro-
tect them in performing their duties, and to make
arrests without process for offenses committed in
view of the marshals, and by obtaining process in
other cases. No supervisor should be deterred by
threats or insults or violence from faithfully per-
forming his duties, for he is entitled to the amplest
supported protection from the United States au-
thorities, and they will be accorded to him. He
should be careful in discharging his duties not to do
anything offensively, and at all times to remember
that his sole motive should beto preserve the purity
of the election, with justice and fairness toward all
persons. NOAH DAVIS,
United States Attorney.
Then comes "George H. Sharpe, United
States marshal," who instructs his deputies,
and you have heard what manner of men they
were:
Duties of Deputy Marshals.-— The subjoined circu-
lar is issued by Marshal Sharpe ;
The following instructions are issued with refer-
ence to the election to be held Tuesday, November
8,1870. The following chief deputies are appointed
for the several Assembly districts, and they will be
obeyed and respected accordingly:
1. Mf«jor A. S. Pell; 2. Matthew Stewart; 3. Adol-
phus Bor>t; 4, Contain C. N. Brackeft; 5. M jor
Samuel J. Glassy; 6. Henr> A. Smith ; 7. Colonel B.
T.Morgan; 8. John J. O'Brien: 0. ColonH E. M. L.
Ehlers; 10. J. M. Patterson; 11. Colonel Addison
W?ire; 12. Major C. tl. Southworth : 13. James Hun-
ter; 14. General George von Schick; 15. Colonel
Edward Murray; 16. Richard H.Barry; 17. Major
William Alexander; 18. Captain James Bryan; 19.
J. T. Van Winkle; 20. Major George W. Cooney; 21.
William J. Robinson.
Colonel Robert des Anges is chief deputy marshal,
assisting at this office, and all directions received
through him will be obeyed. The deputies acting in
the several Assembly districts will report to the chief
deputies above designated and be subject to their
orders; and the chief deputies are hereby authorized
to remove at their plea-ure any of the deputies act-
ing within their districts. The chief deputies will
detail the deputies to the several election districts,
placing over them such subordinates as they may
deem proper, and they will retain to patrol the same
a sufficient reserve near the center of their districts.
On the day of election the deputy marshals are au-
thorized to preserve order at the election and to
arrest for any offense or breach ot the peace in their
view. The arrests herecontemplated are to be made
immediately and without a writ; but when summary
arrests shall have been made the chief deputies will
cause the offenders to be forwarded, with the wit-
ness. as soon as practicable to this office, in order that
regular warrants may be issued as soon as possible
founded on oath or affirmation. It is confidently
believed that no conflict will takeplace between the
national and any other authority, and the chief dep-
uties and their subordinates are directed to act with
great prudence aud moderation, and to subject them-
selves to inconveniences which may not be infrac-
tions of the law. In this connection it may be proper
for me to add that, in reply to a request tor instruc-
tions, the Attorney General of the United States
directs me as follows:
"In preserving order and making arrests at the
election, you will submit to noninterference from any
quarter, no matter under what color of State or
municipal authority such interference may be at-
tempted. You will sustain and protect, with all the
force at your command, the citizens (commonly-
styled supervisors) appointed by the judge of the
circuit court, under section five of the act of July
14, 1870, above referred to, until theyshall have tuliy
performed and completed all the duties required of
them in said act. If anyattemptshouldbe made at
the election to prevent these supervisors from attend-
ing, from challenging any vote offered, or from wit-
nessing the counting of all the votes cast for any
office, or from remaining where any of the ballot-
boxes are kept, from the opening of the polls until
the comp!eti<ui of the count, or to molest or disturb
them in tho exercise of their duties, you will resist
such attempt, and cause the arrest of the persons
guilty of such disorder."
