1598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
if he does not think it is about time to do away
with that discrimination?
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall do away
with it in a better time than now.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that at the next
session of Congress we shall make equality
between these offices.
Mr. POMEROY. I have not read the law
to which the Senator fron^ Ohio refers; but
he has not read up to this time one single duty
that the superintendent of the central super-
intendency does not discharge. The super-
intendent of the central superintendency has
four times as many Indians to fake charge of.
That superintendency includes the State of
Kansas and the territory south of Kansas.
He has all of those reservations to see to.
Unless there is something in the law that the
Senator from Ohio has not read, there is not
a duty upon this superintendent that other
superintendents do not have to perform.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think this law does
require of him to perform duties that are not
required of other superintendents.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to hear them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will send the Senator
the Ie^w. I do not propose to read two pages
of Little & Brown's Statutes to-night.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator who sits be-
side me,[Mr. Edmunds,] who has read the law,
says there is no duty imposed on the super-
intendent in California that other superin-
tendents do not have to discharge.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, after
this debate, I move to lay this amendment on
the table. Certainly we ought not to spend
more time upon it.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. THURMAN. My colleague, after what
he has said of me, surely will not proceed to
lay this amendment on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not said anything
about my colleague at all.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to lay the amendment on the table suspends
debate.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask my colleague to
withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to know, first, of
my colleague what was the date of that law?
Mr. SHERMAN. Eighteen hundred and
sixty-four. *
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir; when the prices
of living in California were far higher than they
are now; when the difference between gold
and paper was much greater than it is now.
Then, as now, there was no paper circulation
in California; everything was on a gold basis.
Our officers were paid in paper; and what was
the relative value of paper and gold in 1864?
I cannot pretend to state it now from recol-
lection ; but there must have been thirty, or
forty, or fifty per cent, difference between the
two, and now the difference i   not more than
eight or ten per cent. The very fact that this
law was passed in 1864, ancl passed for the
compensation of an officer in California, where
everything was conducted on a gold basis, ac-
counts for the fact that you gave him $3,600 a
vear, when you gave others only $2,500 a year.
That difference has ceased to exist, and there
is no reason, therefore, for giving him this
increased compensation.
But again, sir, talk about a superintendent
of Indian affairs in California being entitled
to more compensation than a superintendent
of Indian affairs in Arizona or New Mexico 1
If there is any part of the United States in
which a man might thank his stars that he was
destined to live it is California. All the
roseate pictures that we have heard of Domin-
ica fade into almost insignificance compared
,o what California is. It is a place for a man
to live. It is a place a man can live in all the
enjoyments that this earth can afford him. It
is a place where he can live in luxury, ease,
and in elegance, too, I can tell Senators who
have not been there, for I have been there and
I knew it. Will you compare the compensa-
tion that you give to a man living in all the
luxuries and I might say the glories of that great
State with the compensation of the man en-
during the sufferings and the privations that
he must endure who lives among the Arapa-
hoes, Apaches, and Comanches in New Mex-
ico and Arizona?
Sir, there is no concealing the fact that if
any man is entitled to more compensation than
another of these superintendents it is the man
who has to live in the wilderness of the middle
and the southern districts, and not the man
who has to live in that glorious State of the
Pacific, the State of California. I can very
well understand why it was that in 1864 Con-
gress should give to the superintendent of
Indian affairs there a higher salary than they
gave the superintendents of Indian affairs else-
where, when the difference between paper and
gold was so great; but I can see no reason now
for perpetuating that discrimination.
But my colleague asks why did not I, when
the judicial bill was under consideration, take
notice of the fact that a higher salary was paid
to the district judge of California than is paid
to some other district judges. It wonld be a
sufficient answer for me to say that I was flat
on my back on a bed of sickness when that
bill was under consideration. If I had been
here, and my colleague had called that discrim-
ination to my attention, it is very possible I
might have made some motion on the subject;
but a31 was sick on my bed, and not here at
all, I trusted to my colleague to attend to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one other fact
I wish to state. I am informed that the
superintendent of Indian affairs in California
is required, under the law, to live in San Fran-
cisco, where all the expenses of living are
much greater than anywhere else. He is re-
quired by the law to live wherever the Secre-
tary of the Interior requires him to live. He
has been .required to live at San Francisco,
where there is no Government house for him
to live in, no Indian agency, noplace furnished
him by the Government in which to live, as is
done iii regard to the other superintendents.
I do not wish to go into this argument further.
It is manifest that we ought to have a vote on
the bill. • I therefore renews the motion that
the amendment do lie on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves that the amendment
lie on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I ask the Senator from Ohio if
he knows that the superintendent of Indian
affairs for California is likewise superintend-
ent for Nevada. Nevada has been added to
his superintendency without increasing his sal-
ary, and in consequence of that he has long
journeys to make. If he goes to the south-
east corner of our State he has got twelve or
fourteen hundred miles to travel at least.
Mr. HARLAN. He is paid for it.
Mr. NYE. How is he paid? Does he get
mileage ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly he does.
Mr. NYE. Under what law?
Mr. HARLAN. If he travels in the dis-
charge of his duty he is paid for it.
Mr. NYE. That may be so; but if the hon-
orable Senator can find any account of that
sort which was allowed when he was Secretary
of the Interior I should like to see it. When
I was superintendent of Indian affairs ex officio
in Nevada I was commanded to go to Utah
to assist Governor Doty in making a treaty
with a portion of the Shoshone Indians. The
Department allowed me for about sixty miles
of travel. As far as my Territory extended,
which is longer than across the whole of New
England, I had to go for nothing and bear my
own expenses. I put in a claim for it, and it
was-rejected manfully at the Department of
the Interior. [Laughter.] They do not pay
for traveling expenses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You were paid for travel
in Utah.
Mr. NYE. For sixty miles; but they ordered
me out of my jurisdiction, and I received noth-
ing for my expenses in traveling through Ne-
vada. The trip cost me $700, and the Govern-
ment paid me for sixty miles of travel; and
the honorable Senator will find the accounts
on the files of the Department. This superin-
tendent has fourteen hundred miles to travel
to reach some portions of our Indian tribes.
I hope his salary will not be cut down. If
there is a man in the world who earns his
money it is the superintendent who has charge
of Indian affairs in two of the largest States in
the Union, States as large as Ohio, Pennsyl-
vania, all New England, and a part of New
York.. [Laughter.] I understand what I say.
I say it is a territory as large as three of the
largest States of the Union and all New Eng-
land together.
Mr. HARLAN. I find that in California
there are three agencies, the Hoopa valley
reservation, the Round valley reservation, and
the Tulare river agency, and one special agen-
cy, a mission agency, and there is one agency
in Nevada; so that the whole number of agen-
cies presided over by this superintendent is
five.
Now, in relation to pay for traveling ex-
penses, a superintendent is usually allowed to
keep a team, and the expenses of the team are
paid for by the Government; and that is one
reason why $38,000 is necessary in this bill to
pay incidental expenses of superintendents.
When a superintendent, like my friend from
Nevada, was traveling, using a Government
team, of course they would allow him nothing.
Mr. NYE. I want my friend to stop right
there. I never had a Government team while
I was there. I had part of a mule. [Laugh-
ter.] That was all the Government property
that was handed over to me. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to ask my friend
from Iowa how far does the superintendent of
the middle district have to travel?
Mr. HARLAN. The central superintend-
ency embraces the State of Kansas and the
Indian territory. The amount of travel in vis-
iting the agencies in his superintendency would
be much greater than it would be in California,
because the agencies are so much more num-
erous.
Mr. THURMAN. How is it in the south-
ern district, which includes the Arapahoes,
Comanches, and Apaches ?
Mr. HARLAN. That is added now to the
central superintendency. The southern super-
intendeucy has been abolished, and those
agencies have been placed under the control
of the central superintendent.
Mr. THURMAN. Then he has to travel
far more than this other superintendent.
Mr. COLE. I ought to say a word or twc
on this subject. I ain so certain that the mo-
tion made by the Seuator from Ohio is noi one
in the direction of economy that I feel like
resisting it. Heretofore in California, or before
we obtained the services of the present super-
intendent, who, I will remark, is a man of as
high character as any citizen of that State, the
Indian service had been falling behind under
each separate superintendent. I might go
on-and name them. Some of them were put
in the deficiency bill last year; Some of them
are in the deficiency bill this year, as I notice
in the copy of that bill sent to us from the
House. So it had been going on from year to
year, and through a long series of years, until
the present superintendent was appointed to
that office. By his exertion and diligence and
determination he has kept the service within
the appropriations. He required ofevery man
the performance of his duty.
