174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say in regard
to these special orders that we are arriving
now at a stage of the session when there is
certain business that will have to be done;
and while I am cfuite willing to have a time
assigned for the consideration of the bills sug-
gested by the Senator from Kansas, if we fix
days ahead in this way I fear it may embarrass
us in regard to other matters. I have been
waiting for the last two days to see the mo-
ment when I could call np the question of the
Georgia Senators.
Mr. POHERO Y. I thought that might come
up, and so I put off my request until Friday.
Mr. HAMLIN, (to Mr. Trumbull.) That
is a question of privilege.
Mr. TRUMBIJLL. I know it is; but the
Senate has been so occupied that I have dis-
liked to interpose it. The Senate certainly
will insist upon disposing of these cases, and
we must take them up.
Mr. WILLIAMS. We cannot make any
rule or regulation to interfere with that matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall try to call up
those cases. The Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Scetorz] has the floor to-day on another sub-
ject; and I give notice to the Senate now that
1 will call up the question of the Georgia Sen-
ators as soon as the bill on which the Senator
from Missouri has the floor is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be no objection to the proposition of the
Senator from Kansas.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to say a word
on that question. I have been instructed by
the Committee on the District of Columbia to
ask fora day next week, Wednesday or Thurs-
day. I do not wish to object to the request
ot the Senator from Kansas, but I must say
that the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia have not had a day during the session, and
we have all the business which has come be-
fore the committee still on the table or in com-
mittee. I think the proper way to get on with
the business of the Senate is to have days
appropriated to different committees, because
then bills will come up and go through. If
you call up bills here in the way the Senator
from Illinois speaks of, you discuss them in-
terminably, and nothing gets through ; but if
a day is set apart to a committee, its business
goes through as it should. I should be very
glad if the Senate would give me Thursday
of next week.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The only prop-
osition now before the Senate is that sug-
gested by the Senator from Kansas and the
Senator from Oregon, the chairmen of the two
committees named.
Mr. RAMSEY. I had thought of suggest-
ing that Monday next be assigned to the con-
sideration of business leported by the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads. Thews
are a uumber of bills reported by that com-
mittee on the Calendar; and certainly an
opportunity should be afforded for their con-
sideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
waited to hear if there was any objection to
the proposition of the Senator from Kansas.
The Chair hears no objection, and the order is
made by unanimous consent.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now I move that Monday
next 
Mr. HOWARD. I insist on the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan insists on the regular order,
which is reports of committees.
repokts of committees.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 291) to confirm sales of
Shawnee Indian land in Kansas, made under
the direction and with the approval of the
Secretary of the Interior, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
•was referred the bill (S. No. 1202) confirming
the title to certain lands, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
the subject was referred, reported a bill (S.
No. 1269) to create a new land district in the
Territory of Washington; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was Referred a res-
olution of the Legislature of North Carolina in
favor of the passage of a bill in aid of the
Western North Carolina Extension Railroad
Company, asked to bo discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred resolutions of the Board of
Trade of Dubuque, Iowa, in favor of the con-
struction of the so called northern branch of
the Pacific railroad westward from the Mis-
souri river, and asking for a grant of public
lands in aid thereof, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, submitted a report to ac-
company the bill (S. No. 1019) incorporating
branches of the contemplated Southern Trans-
continental Railway Company under the name
and style of the Western North Carolina Exten-
sion Railway Company; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FLANAGAN, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 2213) for the
relief of James R. Young, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report thereon ;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2285) for the
relief of John Milone, postmaster at Uhricks-
ville, Ohio, reported it without amendment,
and submitted a report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2415) for the
relief of Lot North, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted a report thereon : which
was ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM P. TIIOMASSON.
Mr. RICE. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 420) for the relief of William
P. Thomasson, have instructed me to report
it back with an amendment; and I ask for its
present consideration. It is a very short res-
olution.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution.
The amendment of the Committee on the j
Judiciary was to strike out all of the resolution !
after the resolving clause and to insert in lieu
thereof the following :
That the Secretary of War bo authorized nri.1
directed to adjust and settle the claim of William P.
Tliomafson, and reimburse him in a sum not exceed-
ing £477 70, for judgments and costs imposed upon
him by the court of common pleas of Jefferson
county, Kentucky, provided he finds upon investi-
gation such judgments were rendered against said
Thomasson on account ofaets done by him while he
was acting as superintendent of freedmen's affairs
of said county of Jefferson; and said sum of $477 70,
or so much thereof as may bo neccssarv, is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ment be engrossed, and the resolution read the
third time. The joint resolution was read the
third time, and passed.
charges against senator sl'rague.
Mr. THURMAN. I am instructed by the
select committee relative to the question of
privilege connected with the Senator from
Rhode Island [Mr. Sprague] to offerthis reso-
lution :
Revolved, That the select committee appointed to
consider the resolution offered by Mr. Sfeague on
December 13,1370, be, and are hereby, authorized to
send for persons and papers and take the testimony
of witnesses.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
customs collector of willamette district.
Mr. CORBETT. The Committee on Com-
merce directed me to report back the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 2G8) concerningthe com-
pensation of the collector of customs for the
district of Willamette, in the State of Oregon,
and I ask for its present consideration, it is
a small matter that I introduced and which was
reported yesterday morning, but objected to by
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.]
There is au amendment made by the commit-
tee, which is to his satisfaction. I ask that
the joint resolution be read as amended.
The Chief Clerk read it as follows:
That section one of the act approved Juno 14,1870,
entitled "An act to establish the collection district
of Willamette, in the State of Oregon," shall bp,
and is hereby, amended as follows: strike out, all
of said section after the words " to reside at Port-
land," and insert in lieu thereof " and said collector
shall be allowed a salary at the rato of SI,000 per
annum, with the fees and commissions allowed by
law; such salary, fees, and commissions not to exceed
at the rate of $3,000 per annum."
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
has read the joint resolution as it will stand
if amended. If no objection be made, the
amendment will be regarded as agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
smithsonian institution regents.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a joint resolution
providing for the appointment of a Regent of
the Smithsonian Institution, and I ask for the
consideration of the resolution at the present
time; and I will state in one word the reason.
It is to supply the vacancy occasioned by the
resignation of General Delafield. The joint
resolution which I submit meets the approba-
tion of the Regents on the part of the Senate
and those on the part of the House, and of the
Board of Regents. The name of General
Sherman is suggested. It is so appropriate
and so fitting that I am sure there will be no
objection to it in the Senate. It is necessary to
supply the vacancy at this time, as the annual
meetings of the board are now being held and
his presence is desirable at those meetings.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 302) for the appointment of General
William T. Sherman a Regent of the Smith-
sonian Institution was read three times, and
rills recommitted.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the joint resolution (S. E. No. 216)
to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to dis-
pose ofbroken sets of congressional documents, and
certain other documents and odd volumes in the
custody of the Department of the Interior, be
recommitted to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask to have the bill (S. No.
765) to confer jurisdiction on the Court of
Claims to hear and determine the suit of Caron-
delet vs. The United States taken up, for (he
purpose of having it referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims, which is the appro-
priate committee. I make a motion to that
effect.
The motion was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. WILSON asked, and byunanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1267) to confirm the title to certain lands on
the Fort Kearney military reservation, in Fre-
mont county, Iowa; which was read twice by
