1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
41st Coxg....3d Sess.
Congressional Election Law—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
laws of each State have no jurisdiction beyond
the respective State limits. The laws of the
States are infinitely various in regard to the
prescription of regulationsforholding elections
and regulation of the right to vote. This act
of Congress must, be applied uniformly and to
all the States, if it was intended to have the
usual and constitutional operation of an act
of Congress. It is absurd to suppose it can
be simply because the States have such differ-
ent systems of registration. Many of the
States have provisions so utterly different from
each other that no single law can be applied to
their execution. In the State I live in we have
a system which is equivalent to a registration,
but by no means would it be possible for you
to have supervisors who are to see that what
we term personal assessment, which results in
a registration, is actually made within the
time required by the constitution of the State
prior to an election. No man can vote with
us who has not paid a tax which shall have
been assessed to him at least six months before
the election. That assessment is made under
a system of our own; it is made by county
assessors, and these officers return their assess-
ments to the levy court. It is scarcely prac-
ticable for your supervisors to superintend
these assessments under our system.
So in regard to the laws in other States, not
in respect of registration merely, but many
other provisions regulating elections. But your
bill provides that these supervisors shall remain
with the ballot-boxes, that they shall seethe
votes counted out, that they shall stay there
and watch them and scrutinize them carefully.
You have already heard from the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Hamilton,] who read you the
South Carolina statute on that subject, what
your supervisor must do there. He must remain
two weeks, by day and night, with the man-
agers of elections who hold the ballot-boxes.
The Governor of South Carolina appoints all
the commissioners; they in turn appoint the
managers ; the commissioners hold the key,<
and the managers conduct the election. After
the election thirteen days elapse, during which
time the keys and the boxes will be in the
hands of the commissioners, and the com-
missioners can take them just wherever they
please, count them or not, as they please, and
abstractor not from the boxes, as they please;
and during all that time, day and night, they
are to be accompanied by these supervisors of
electien ! The thing is impossible, impractica-
ble, and absurd. The-same thing I believe is
the case in Louisiana. There two weeks are
given after the votes are cast. For what pur-
pose these extraordinary regulations are made
it is not necessary for me to state. The results
we very plainly can see, that it is an opportun-
ity for fraud, which, if not intentional, is cer-
tainly very unfortunate ; but it is an opportun-
ity which would completely prevent the oper-
ations of many sections of this proposed law
from having effect in States where such sys-
tems prevail.
No, sir; such a law as this is impracticable
in every point of view. Such, propositions
were never dreamed of until these (lays of
revolution on which we have fallen. The idea
was never conceived that Congress would ven-
ture to interfere with elections in the States
except in the exercise of power prescribed by
the Constitution, that each Ilousg of Congress
was to be thejudge of the elections, returns, and
qualifications ot its own members; and this sec-
tion gave plenary powers to discover whether
the laws had been obeyed and justice done.
That power was necessarily given, and is clearly
bestowed on Congress. The time, place, and
manner of holding elections for Senators and
Representatives may properly be regulated by
Congress, although there was a very signifi-
cant grant ot that same power to the States in
the first place. It seems to me that by a fair
and a reasonable construction it would only be
in the event of some gross irregularity, some
default, some strong probability of fraud owing
to defects of the State laws, that Congress
would have any justification for attempting to
alter the regulations of the States for holding
elections, much less to'make new fules.
Now, what is meant by "manner of hold-
ing elections?" "Time" and "place" have
very clear and distinct meanings ; th'ere is no
doubt about them; but. the " manner of hold-
ing" is to be considered. Well, "manner"
means the mode, and I suppose from the ety-
mology of the word it does mean really the
management of the election. It is from the
French, and means management. A manage-
ment of what? Of "elections." Now,what
are elections? Election is choice; election
means free choice; and anything that inter-
feres with that choice, whether it be force,
fraud, or fear, or any perturbing cause that pre-
vents that choice from being free, defeats elec-
tion. . Now, shall it be said that when you are
given the power to regulate the manner of the
election, you can rightfully adopt such means
as destroy the very nature of "election?"
Can you by intimidation, by a bill filled with
penalties, with unnatural and unprecedented
powers bestowed upon your hordes of deputy
marshals not elected by the people, but ap-
pointed by partisan officers, surround the polls
and frighten away the timid men of the com-
munity? Such measures are not regulations
but restrictions upon the right of election.
How can an election be said to be free when
a man casts his vote surrounded by a band of
deputy marshals, who have no restraint over
their powers of arrest but their own evil dis-
cretion ; when if they are noisy and violent
they cannot be arrested and taken away; if
they are committing breaches of the peace
they cannot be disturbed, as your bill provides,
as I shall presently show ? If under one sec-
tion of this proposed law a deputy marshal
shall, at the very time and place of holding an
election, commit a gross breach of the peace
or even a felony he cannot be arrested by any
State process for the purpose of protecting the
citizen in his presence. And will you tell me
that an election held under such circumstances
as that can be called a free election? It is a
most dishonest use of the word. It is not the
way in which the word is accepted among hon-
est men who deal in good faith by each other;
and if it is proposed to enact it into a law it
will only be a proof of how revolution may be
accomplished under the guise of legislation.
No, sir; this is another illustration of the
extremity of partisan violence which marks
the times in which we live, of'that excess of
party spirit against which the great Washing-
ton so affectionately warned his countrymen
in his Farewell Address. And what, cause is
there for such a fearful method of redress as
this measure contains? I have asked whether
the colored people of this country were inter-
fered with in their free exercise of the elective
franchise under the fifteenth amendment. No
one, I think, will venture to say they were.
There is no such pretense. The presence of
half a dozen or more parti-colored specimens
of this race in the Halls of Congress is the
most emphatic answer to such statements.
The immediate and chief object of this bill
is to meet certain alleged evils in the city of
New York ; and but for the eager desire of the
Senator from New York [Mr. Conklixg] and
the Administration to overthrow a certain
-obstinate and increasing Democratic majority
in that great city, I scarcely believe the gross
and shocking invasions of- the reserved rights
of the States proposed by this bill would at
this time have been made. _
I have for along time believed that our form
of government was a comparative failure in the
larger cities, and that upon the rural districts
our hopes for a perpetuation of our political
institutions would have chiefly to depend.
But these evils may yet correct themselves,
and I would prefer to leave the correction of
the defects in government complained of, and
perhaps with justice, and not forcibly invade
and displace our Saxon rule of local self gov-
ernment, because the densely populated cities
contained many abuses of the power of self-
government.
One alleged object of this law is to overthrow
the influence of what is called the "Tammany
ring," and the cry on all occasions, as I have
discovered, is that thisgreat, undefined power
exists in that city, and succeeds in enveloping
men of all parties within its folds. I have
been for a number of years a subscriber to
the New York Tribune, and have learned
very much that I know of the action of its
party from its columns. I find from the accu-
sations of that paper that the power of this
terrible Tammany is felt in the Republican
ranks as well as the Democratic ; that the
nominations of the Radical party are eon-
trolled by this monstrous power quite as much
as are the others. Now, I say if tliere be fraud
1 regret it; if there be fraud I desire to see it
punished ; but 1 do not propose to see the rights
of all the good men of New York cut down and
trampled under foot for the purpose of assail-
ing an organization which is alleged to have
obtained undue control over the affairs of that
city.
I cannot believe that the people of the Stale
of New York are disposed, for the purpose
of putting down a Democratic majority, and
changing the sentiment of that State, so that
in a short time hence the honorable Senator
from New York, [Mr. Conkung.] who has
charge of this bill, may hope for such a major-
ity as will return him to the Halls of Congress;
I am not disposed, even for so great an advan-
tage as that, to see the liberties of that people
prostrated by this most iniquitous law. New
York contains more than three men outside of
the city to one within it. It is in the power
of that people, if the alleged corruptions exist,
to rectify these elections simply through the
means of the ballot. If the wrongs which are
charged do really exist, it is in the power of the
people, by peaceful processes of election, to
remove them without resorting to these revolu-
tionary methods which are to extend not only
to the city of New York, but to all cities in
the land containing more than twenty thousand
inhabitants.
Sir, I believe that controlling the Govern-
ment of a country by corruption is certainly
fatal to any institutions. Leaving out the ques-
tion of morals entirely, considering merely the
permanence of any Government, I care not
upon what basis it may be framed, fraud is a
solvent which will destroy it. It cannot be
held together by it. My own belief is to day
that there is in the city of New York, not upon
the one side alone, but in both parties, a vast
amount of fraud; and to decide these struggles
the Senator from New York seeks to intro-
duce the sword in order to solve the question
between them. His remedy is worse than the
disease. But, sir, the charge of fraud is very
indefinite. There are many means by which
it may be exercised. A man may pass into
power professing his intent to abide by certain
limitations upon his power, and when he has
reached his position he may cast those limita-
tions aside. If he does so, what name does he
deserve? Fraud in that case assumes its most
malign and w'icked aspect, for it is accom-
panied by perjury and treason itself. Andthis,
sir, I conceive to be the guilt of the party now
struggling to maintain itself in power.
Now, it is proposed to remedy the alleged
impurity of elections in this country, and espe-
cially its the city of New York, by the interpo-
sition of the regular Army and Navy, who shall
