1602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Mr. CASSERLY. Is anything in order
exeept the motion which the Senator from
New York makes?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California is clearly out of order.
Mr. CASSERLY. In asking a question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In asking
such a question ; and he will resume his seat.
The question before the Senate is whether the
Senate will agree to the motion of the Senator
from New York, to proceed to the considera-
tion of the bill named by him.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is a motion to postpone
that motion in order?
Mr. CONKLING and others. No, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. I would rather have the
view of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I yield, of coarse.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from New
York.
The question being put, a division was called
for, and the ayes were thirty. The noes were
called f®r.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a question of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York will state his point of order.
Mr. CONKLING. I call the attention of
the Chair to that rule which provides that Sen-
ators in their seats shall not refuse to vote
when a vote is taken. I observe there are Sen-
ators who have demanded a division who are
not voting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Vice
President has ruled that during the pendency
of roll-call that question caunot be raised.
It is a question between the Senate and offend-
ing Senators if the Senate chooses to take
notice of their conduct after the count is com-
pleted and the result is announced. Those
opposed to the motion will rise, [putting the
question.] Upon this motion 30 Senators
vote in the affirmative, and 6 in the negative;
there is not a quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Chair be kind
eno«gh to state the motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
New York, that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill named by him.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll,
and having concluded the call,
- Mr. CONKLING. I inquire of the Chair,
what is the appropriate time or occasion to
call attention to the fact that Senators arp in
the Chamber who did not respond to their
names?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Vice
President has ruled upon stich a suggestion
that while the roll-call was proceeding it
could not be interrupted by any other proceed-
ing, but that after the roll-call had concluded
it was then a matter for the Senate to determine
whether they would deal with those persons
who had violated the rule in not answering to
their names, but that the matter could not be
brought to the attention of the Chair until the
roll-call was concluded. The Chair rules in
aceordanee with that suggestion.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it in order for me to
inquire whether Senators whom Iwillpointout
to the Chair vote upon this motion or not?
Mr. CASSERLY. I inquire whether this
Is in order. I was called to order for ad dress-
ing an inquiry to the Chair awhile ago by the
Senator who is on his feet; and I call him to
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I think
neither of the applications is in order.' The
proceeding of the Senate must be confined to
the calling of the roll until that is concluded.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, if it is in order, I
suggest to the Chair that as soon as the proper
time arrives I shall call attention to the fact
that Senators, and I shall name them, are
in their seats, refusing to vote, although no
quorum of the Senate responds.
Mr. HAMLIN, and others. Read the list.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The roll will
be called over, and after that is done the ques-
tion raised by the Senator from New York will
be in order, before the announcement of the
result
Mr." CONKLING. Very well.
The Chief Clerk read the list of those voting,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames. Anthony, Buck-
ingham, Carpenter. Chandler, Conkling, Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Har-
lan. Howe, Howell, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Ross,
Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stearns, Stewart,
Thayer, Willey, and Wilson—33.
NAY—Mr. Cole—1.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Blai# Boreraan,
Brownlow, Cameron, Casserly, Cattell, Davis, Fen-
ton, Ferry, Flanagan. Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland, Harris, Hill, Howard. .Johnston, Kel-
logg, Lewis, McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Patterson, Revels, Bice, Robertson, Saulsbury.
Schurz, Spragfte, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Vickers, "Warner, Williams, and
Yates—39.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Before the
announcement of the result of the call is made,
the Senator from New York can make his sug-
gestion.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not hear the sug-
gestion of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
rules that the Senator from New York is now
in order to make any suggestion or motion he
d6Mr? COCKLING. Then I call the attention
of the Senate and of the Chair to the rule
which imposes upon Senators present the obli-
gation of voting, and in that connection I call
attention to the fact that the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Thomas,] the honor-
able Senatorfrom California, [Mr. Casserlx,]
the honorable Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard,] and the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Johnstos,] all being now in their
seats, according to my hearing of the roll have
not voted, although their names have been
called.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk
will report the rule on the subject.
Mr. THURMAN. I rise to a question of
Order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. One mo-
ment. Let the Secretary report the rule, and
after that the point of order can be made.
The Chief Clerk read the sixteenth rule, as
follows:
*'16. When the yeas and nays shall be called for
by one fifth of the Senators present, each Senator
called upon shall, unless for special reasons he be
excused by the Senate, declare openly and without
debate, his assent or dissent to the question."
Mr. THURMAN. Now, sir, my point of
order is this: that when the roll has been
called, and Senators have answered, nothing
can intervene until the vote is announced.
There has been decision enough on this point,
if we are to go into that. I want that vote an-
nounced, and' then I want to see what the Sen-
tor from New York is going to do about it.
Mr. CONKLING. I will tell the Senator. I
am going to move, whenever the motion is in
order, that his name, for one, be called again,
to see whether he will obey the rules of the
Senate; and if he will not, we will see what
next we will do.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well, Mr. Cock-
ling. That is what I propose to do now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from New York will submit a motion that
the name of any Senator who is said to be in
the Chamber be called, the name will be called
by the Clerk.
Mr, CONKLING. Then I move that the
names of the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Bayard,] the honorable Senator
from California,. [Mr. Casserly,] the honor-
able Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Johxston,]
and the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thurman,] be called to respond upon the ques-
tion now pending before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
has heard the motion of the Senator from New
York.
Mr. CASSERLY. The point of order is,
that the Chair is bound to declare the result
of the vote taken. Perhaps that escaped the
notice of the Chair. That point of order was
made by the Senator from Ohio, and it is so
jriearly right that I think the Chair did not
notice it. The first duty is to declare the
result of the call.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask to have the seven-
teenth rule read, which throws a little light on
this subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the seventeenth rule.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"17. When the yeas and nays shall be taken upon
any question, in pursuance of the above rule, no
Senator shall be permitted, under any circumstances
whatever, to vote after the decision is announced
from the Chair J'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This rule
seems to make it necessary, if any motion what-
ever can ever be entertained, that it should be
before the result of the roll-call is announced.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then the Chair overrules
the point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does overrule the point of order.
Mr. CASSERLY. And declares that the
result of the roll-call need not be declared until
some other proceedings are taken ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I appeal 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from New York is now before
the Senate, and the pending question is on that
motion.
Mr. THURMAN. I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair. No w, Mr. President, let us
see what the result of this rule would be. The
result would be that you could introduce a
debatable question between the call of the roll
and the announcement of the vote. To say
that any business can intervene between the
call of the roll and the announcement of the
vote is to say that the announcement may be
postponed indefinitely; because if one kind
of business can be interposed another can be
interposed. Suppose the Senator from New
York calls the attention of the Senate to the
fact that certain Senators have declined to
vote, and their names are called again and they
still decline to vote; what then ? What is to
be done? Are they to be censured? Are they
to be punished in any way ? If so, they are
at least to have a trial; they are to be heard
before they are punished; they are to be tried
before they are executed; and you have between
the call of the roll and the announcement of
the vote the trial of just as many Senators as
shall decline to vote. Why, sir, there would
be no taking a vote under such circumstances.
Now, sir, this very question was determined
on the Virginia bill; this very question was
decided on the Virginia bill. On the Virginia
bill there was not a DemocraticjSenator voting.
They stated the reasons why they did not vote.
They stated that they would not vote against
the bill, because they wished Virginia repre-
sented on this floor; but they could not vote
for the bill because it contained provisions
which, in their judgment, were unconstitu-
tional, and therefore they could not vote for
it. They were not the only Senators who did
not vote on that bill. There were Republican
Senators who sat in their seats and did not
vote. After that vote was taken the then Sen-
atorfrom Missouri, I think it was, (Mr. Drake,)
called the attention of the Chair to the fact that
the Democratic Senators had sat in their seats
and had not voted on that bill, and the Chair
then deeided that there was no power to com-
pel theia to vote. That was the decision ; a
decision that was acquiesced in by the Senate.
Never in the history of the Senate has there
