1871.
?HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1603
been an attempt made to coerce a Senator to
vote. A Senator may have various reasons for
not wishing to vote. He may have good rea-
sons for not wishing to vote. Bills come up
hereupon which he may lack information and
not be able to vote one *vay or the other, and
be may withhold his rote. But what is this
that we are now told ? Here you are asked
to take aome measures, I suppose, against four
Democratic Senators. Why take measures
against them ? Because without them, I be-
lieve, you have no quorum. That is the only
reason. Where are your sixty-three Repub-
lican Senators, that you have to assume an
extraordinary jurisdiction to punish or compel
four Democratic Senators to vote in order to
constitute a quorum ?
If you wish to debate this matter, let it be
debated and let us see what will cooie of it.
I say there is no mode known to the usages of
the Senate by which you can compel a Senator
to vote. On hfs own responsibility to his con-
stituents and his duty as a Senator he decides
that question for himself.
But, sir, the question of order which I raise,
and upon which I appeal from the decision of
the Chair, is this : that if you once permit any
business whatsoever to intervene between the
call of the roll and the announcement of the
vote, you postpone indefinitely the announce-
ment of the vote.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will be permitted by the Senator from Maine
to announce that the Chair i3 of opinion that
the ruling made is erroneous, and that the
proper course to be pursued is, after the an-
nouncement of the names of those Senators
who have answered by the Secretary, if the
fact is brought to the knowledge of the Chair
that Senators are in the Chamber and havenot
noted, their names shall again be called by the
Secretary. After that is done, whether they
vote or not, the Chair should announce the
result to the Senate, and then the matter is
with them. The Chair will therefore, with the
permission of the Senator from Maine, direct
the Secretary to call the names of those Sen-
ators in the Chamber who have not answered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was about to make the
precise suggestion which comes from the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will call the names of those Senators seen
to be in the Chamber who have not answered.
The Chief Clerk called the name of Mr.
Bayard.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, is it the
ruling of the Chair that I, under the rules of
this Senate, am compelled to vote one way or
the other in this case?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Secre-
tary will read the rule on the subject for the
benefit of the Senator from Delaware.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" 16. "When the yeas and nays shall be callcd for by
one fifth of the Senators present, each Senator called
upon shall, unless for special reasons ho be excused
by the Senate, declaro openly, and without debate,
his assent or dissent to tho question. In taking the
yeas and nays, and upon a call of the Senate, tho
names of the Senators shall be callcd alphabot-
ieally."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule
seems to answer the question of the Senator
from Delaware.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to be excused from
voting on this motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator move to bs excused from voting on
this motion ?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir, if that is the
necessary motion for me to make.
Mr. POMERO Y. I apprehend that wo can-
not proceed to any voting now until after the
result of this vote is announced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that the Senator from Delaware
is too late to ask to be excused. The request
must be made before the roll-call is commenced.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask, then, the ruling of
the Chair on thesubject. Itis my desire, com-
ing into this body, to abide by its rules. What
they were I have an opportunity of knowing,
or else I have an opportunity of leaving it.
While I am here I propose to abide by the rules
of the Senate, and should be exceedingly sorry
if I thought any imputation to the contrary
could properly be made. Therefore, I ask for
the ruling of the Chair in this case, as I do not
desire to vote for this motion and do not care
to vote against it particularly. I ask the Chair
for information, that I may be guided by his
ruling.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the
sixteenth rule; which reads as follows:
" When the yeas and nays shall be called for by
one fifth of the Senators present, each Senator called
upon shall, unless for special reasons he be excused
by the Senate; declare openly, and without debate,
his assent or'dissent to the question."
At the request of the Senator from Dela-
ware, the Chair rules that it is his duty to
answer.
Mr. BAYARD. Does the Chair rule that
I am too late to ask to be excused ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BAYARD. From that decision I re-
spectfully appeal.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator will allow
me a suggestion, he now presents precisely
the same point which the Senator from Ohio
presented a few moments since, of interjecting
another question while the Senate is dividing.
I agreed with the Senator from Ohio in the
point he took then, and I certainly shall hold
to it now. The Senator will see that he is
raising precisely the point which the Sen-
ator from Ohio a few minutes ago suggested,
that we could not raise any other question
while the Senate were dividing. That is good
parliamentary law.
Mr. BAYARD. Does the honorable Sen-
ator accept the logic of the Senator from
Ohio on that subject?
Mr. HAMLIN. I do, undoubtedly.
Mr. THURMAN. I rise to a question of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will state his point of order.
Mr. THURMAN. My point of order is this:
that the roll was called and the vote was
announced, and after that has been done there
can be no further call of the roll. The call
of the Senator from Delaware 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senator that the result of the
roll-call has not been announced. The Secre-
tary read the names of those Senators who voted
"yea" and of those Senators who voted "nay."
It was then suggested that there were Senators
in the Chamber who had not answered, and
by count, which the Chair could make from
the desk, such seemed to be the fact. The
Secretary was thereupon directed, on the sup-
position that it must have been by inadvert-
ence, to call the names of the Senators present
who had omitted to answer to their names, and
that is now being done.
Mr. HAMLIN. And allow me to say that
that is in accordance with the uniform practice
of the Senate always.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They understand it per-
fectly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will call the names of the Senators who
did not answer.
Mr. THURMAN. If that is the case, then
the Senator from Delaware, undoubtedly, had
a right to ask to be excused when called, as
he could when his name was called the first
time.
The Chief Clerk again called the name 01
Mr. Bayakd.
Mr. BAYARD. I vote "nay."
The Chief Clerk then called the names of
Mr. Blair, Mr. Bokemak, Mr. Broivxlow,
and Mr. Camerox.
Mr. CONKLING. Call the names of those
who are here to whom attention has been
called. There are only four of them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will call the names of the Senators
present who have not voted.
The Chief Clerk called the name of Mr.
Casserly.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Chair has refused
the motion of the Senator from Delaware to
be excused. I shall not expose myself to a
refusal of that kind by repeating that motion.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator vote?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California vote on this question
either way.
Mr. CASSERLY made no response.
Mr. POMERO Y. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from California to the fact
that the Chair cannot excuse a Senator. The
Senate can excuse a Senator from voting, but
the Chair cannot.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is
understood.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think I understand this
business perfectly. I am much obliged to the
Senator from Kansas.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will proceed with the call.
Chief Clerk then called the name of Mr.
johxstox.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I am willing to obey the
rules of the Senate, and as the Chair has an-
nounced the rule to be that a Senator being in
his seat must vote when called upon, I shall
therefore, in accerdanee with the ruling of the
Chair, vote. At the same time 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is
out of order. The Senator must vote on the
proposition without debate.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Very well, sir ; I vote
" nay."
The Chief Clerk then called the name of Mr.
THCRHAlf.
There was no response.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon the
motion of the Senator from New York, to-
proceed to the consideration of the bill named
by him, of those Senators voting, thirty-two
vote in the affirmative and three in the nega-
tive, not being a quorum voting, two Senators
being in the Senate not answering to their
names or voting either way.
Mr. CONKLING. I move tliattheSergeant-
at-Arms be directed to request the attendance
of those Senators who are absent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York moves that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be directed to request the attendance of
those Senators who are absent.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. And I want to suggest to
my friend from New York the propriety of
adding, or I will move to add to that motion ;
"and that the Sergeant-at-Arms report to the
Senate the names of the Senators whose attend-
ance he request,;," that we may know who it
is that is notified and does not come.
Mr. POMEUOY. That is his duty.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Maine
offers that as a separate motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. BAYARD. I did not understand the
motion,* and I should like to vote intelligently
upon it if I can.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator from Maine restate the motion he
made, as it is not written?
Mr. HAMLIN. The vote just passed, if I
understand it, was one directing the Sergeant-
at-Arms to notify absent Senators and request
their attendance in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was.
Mr. HAMLIN. My motion is an additional
one, that the Sergeant-at-Arms report to the
Senate the names of the Senators he so no-
tifies.
