187J.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
777
States of America in Congress assembled,"
which is the old form. This bill proposes to
strike all that verbiage, and make it a simple
enactment, " Be it enacted by the Congress
of the United States," instead of putting in
the words "by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America
in Congress assembled." The question is
between the two.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To make the
amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island
clear to the Senate, perhaps it might be stated
in this way: he proposes to amend the first
section of the bill so as to make it read: "That J
the enacting clause of all acts of Congress here-
after enacted shall be in the following form,"
following the present form: " Be it enacted by |
the Senate and House of Representatives of j
the United States of America in Congress
assembled." That will be regarded as the
amendment of the Senatorfrqm Rhode Island
if he assent to it, and the question is on that i1
amendment, retaining the old enacting form.
Mr. TIPTON. This motion to strike out ^
and to insert seems to me is making a dis- :
tinetion without a difference. In the one case
we have it "'Be it enacted by the Congress of ,
the United States;" and that is what we mean: .
aud in the other we have it " Be it enacted by j
the Senate and House of Representatives of i
the United States of America in Congress I
assembled." As a matter of course, if we j
have a Congress here we have a_House of .
Representatives and a Senate; ana if we are ;
to amplify, we might just as well continue the j
amplification, and say, "Be it enacted by the }
Senate and House of Representatives of the j
United States of America in Congress assem- j
bleu, here present in the city of Washington, j
in the year 1871, over which the Vice Pres- j
ident of the United States and Speaker of the ,
House of R spresentatives are now presiding, |
the Secretary of the Senate being Mr. Gorham, j
of the State of California, and the Clerk of !
the House Mr. Mcpherson, of Pennsylvania." j
[Laughter.] " Sir, the time for amplification ;
has" gone by. This is an age of directness,
when men talk about what they mean, and ^
mean what they talk about. I trust, therefore,
that we shall have the privilege hereafter of
sajing what we mean ; that we legislate by the
Congress of the United States, and leave the
inference that we are assembled pretty much
at the time we are legislating.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island, which is to amend the bill so that the
enacting clause as now in bills shall remain .
" Be it enacted by the Senate and House
of Representatives of the United States of
America in Congress assembled.1'
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President  _
Mr. SPENCER. I ask the Senator to give
way to roe for a moment to allow me to sub-
mit a motion for an adjournment over.
Mr. CASSERLY. I give way lor that
PlMr°S(SPENCEIl. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion
will require unanimous consent during the
pendency of this bill. . T,,ro T
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. WTLLIAMb. I
°bThe VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the motion cannot be entertained, ine
question is on the amendment of the Senator
lrom Rhode Island.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, 1 am in
favor of the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island. I am not lor adhering to old
forms merely because they are old ; but here is
a question as to words, which are much more
than a form. They are words which state agieat
historical truth, a grand idea m the progress
of representative government, the division ot
the legislative branch mlo two bodies, the
one independent of the other. It is sup-
posed, and justly, that the principle of that
division is one which inheres in all the best
forms of representative government which the
world has yet known. It is also true that in
so far as a form of government departs from
the principle of two independent legislative
bodies it is defective. The existence of a Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, I repeat,
sir, is a great fact, conspicuous in American
history, consecrated in the principles of Ameri-
can* government. By retaining the present j
enacting clause we shall not greatly increase <
the length of bills or the expense of print- :
ing them, and we shall perpetuate ideas and ;
memories which should be perpetual. I hope j
there will be no objection to the amend- j
ment of the Senator from Rhode Island.. I j
shall be very reluctant, for one, to strike out a j
clause which is pregnant with so many import- j
ant and indeed vital ideas in our own history j
and the history of human rights all over the j
world. j
Mr. HOWARD. I concur entirely with the
views presented by the honorable Senator from
California. The present ancient formula in
the enacting clause of a law contains a brief
■ recital of the very form of government under
I which we live. It shows to the people, young
! and old, male and female, and to the whole
; world, that in this Government there is a divis-
i ion of political powers: that we have two legis-
i lative bodies, both acting independently of each
| other, and each possessing a certain portion
j of the legislative power granted in the Const!-
| tution by the people. It is this great fact
I that there is a division of legislative authority
which interests the people of the United States.
It presents to the reader, wherever he is, the
1 leading fundamental idea of the Government
, of the United States, which is divided into
! several departments, and that the legislative
! authority is lodged, not in a Senate, not in a,
House of Representatives, not in the Presi-
dent of the United States, or anywhere else,
, but in two bodies, each acting independently
of the other, each acting as a check upon the
1 other for the preservation of human rights
j! and human liberty .and in order to prevent con-
solidation and unification—to ^ use a pedantic
'■ word—of the Government itself.
I The Constitution declares that " all legisla-
'! tive powers herein granted shall be vested in a
1 Congress of the United States, which shall con-
sist of a Senate and House of Representatives
i, and the old enacting clause is but a recital of
|l this principle of the American Constitution,
and carries with it to every reader, wherever he
i! may be, the idea that this is a Government of
'i divided, independent powers. It is an instruc-
i! tion, it is a lesson to young and old, teaching
<' them that this is not a consolidated Govern-
!j ment, but one where the powers of legislation
j; and all political powers are divided in to various
l departments ; and we know very well that this
division of powers is the_ great security of
I liberty and human rights in this as in other
| Governments. .
| I would prefer, therefore, vastly to retain
i j this ancient formula, and of course to vote for
l! the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
j Island. This form was well considered, we
|i have every reason to suppose, by our ances-
l! tors at the commencement of the Government,
and I do not think they could have adopted a
j; more dignified, a more imposing, a more
• instructive formula than they did in the first
, Congress of the United States in which this
i formula was employed. I hope the amend-
1 ment of the Senator from Rhode Island may
i b\ife°PvicE PRESIDENT. The morning
!; hoar having expired, Senate bill No. -98> is
j before the body, and the Senator from Mis-
!j Souri [Mr. Schurz] is entitled to the floor. _
t! Mr. TRUMBULL. Let-us vote on this
question. I will never call up the bill again
probably, awl-I should not have called it up
this morning it I had any idea of this discus
sion. It is a matter of importance fo the
revisers of the laws.
Mr. SPENCER. I wish to ask the Senator
from Missouri to yield to allow this bill to be
informally passed over until we finish the
morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business was arrested at bills and joint resolu-
tions. If there be no objection the unfinished
business will be informally passed over; and
the question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island to House bill No. 1351. •
The amendment was agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 26, noes 21.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to have the
second section of the bill read.
The Chief Clerk read the section.
Mr. SAWYER. It provides that the word
"insane" shall include "insane." I presume
it is not necessary to express the fact that the
word "insane" includes itself. It says that
the word " insane " shall include so and so,
" and insane persons." I suggest to the chair-
man of the committee that that is erring in the
same direction in which he thinks the present
form of the statutes is erring; that is, in using
more words than are necessary.
Then I should like to ask a question, whether
when wo say that the word "male" wherever
used shall include "female," if we should
pass an act giving the right to vote to a certain
class of people in this District on any particu-
lar question it would not include women ?
Mr. POMEROY. It certainly would.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to
take up time in caviling about these words. I
have stated two or three times the object of
the bill. If Senators wish to debate it it can-
not be passed at all. I beg pardon for calling
it up in the morning hour. I supposed it
would pass in a moment.
The Senator from South Carolina certainly
knows that the language of our statutes is
very verbose, and we go on to specify males
and females by using a great deal of unneces-
sary language when one word would express
the whole. This is substantially the law in
nearly all the States of the Union now; and
when we say that the words ""insane per-
sons" shall include insane persons of _ every
description, non compos, lunatics,^ and idiots,
we mean to pass a law so that it will be under-
stood that we take in every variety of these
persons. I suppose there may be tautology in
almost all of the old statutes; I think there
is; and it is to avoid that very thing that we
are now about declaring that the word "in-
sane" shall take in all these persons. But.
if the Senator from South Carolina wants to
discuss each of these words we may as well
lay the bill aside.
Mr. SAWYER. I have no desire, certainly,
to discuss this matter, or to trespass on the
time of the Senate in discussing any point;
but when the Senator brings in an act here
which is to correct tautology and which is to
remove verbosity from, the statutesj and this
paragraph reads that "insane" shall include
the insane, it seems to me he is falling into the
very error he is endeavoring to coirect.
you left out the word "insane" from that
sentence it would be complete, and I should
have no sort of objection to it. It seems to
me it would be superfluous to say that the word
"insane" shall include non compos, idiotic,
and insane people; but if it is deemed other-
wise I shall have no objection certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. There is a slight gram mat •
ical error, I think, in the fifteenth line of the
second section. I think the word affirm
there should be "affirmed," m order to make
it grammatical. The language should be.
"the word 'sworn' shall include the word
'affirmed ' " not " affirm," I think.
•' The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
ij objection that amendment will be'regard'e(? "J®
!! agreed to, to add "ed" to "affirm. lhe
i| Chair hears no objection.
i! The amendments were ordered to be en-
