778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the motion is now in order, as the unfinished
business was passed over to allow the morning
business to be continued, and during the morn-
ing business, during the presentation of bills
and resolutions, such a motion is regarded as
in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I'will take up no time,
but I hope the Senate will consider the pres-
sure of business, and the necessity of sitting
on Saturday after this. '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Alabama,
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 28, noes 10.
Mr. TRUMBULLand Mr. WARNER called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered ;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 80, naya 20;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Boreman. Erownlow, Buckingham. Cameron, Car-
penter. Casserly, C handler, Edmunds, Fen ton, Flan-
agan, Hamilton of Texas, Howard. Johnston. Me-
Creery, McDonald, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Robert-
son, Sawvor, Sclmrz, Spencer, Sprague, Stockton,
Sumner. Thayer, Thunnan, Vickers, and Yates—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Fowler,
Tl-nnlin. Harlan, Howe, Howell, Kellogg, Morrill
of Vermont. Pratt, Rice. Scott. Sherman, Stewart,
Trumbull, Warner, Willey, Williams, and VVil-
—20.
ABSENT —Messrs. Abbott. Cattell. Conkling,
Davis, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Har-
ris, Lewis, Morrill of Maine. Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson, ltevels. Ross, Saulsbury, Stearns, ancl
Tipton—19.
So the motion was agreed to.
AMICNDMKSTS TO APPROPRIATION lltLLri.
Mr. STEWART and Mr. WILSON gave no-
tice of amendments intended to be proposed
by them to the bill (II. R. No. 2524) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1872; which were
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be.printed,
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to give notice
that I will, at the proper time, submit an
amendment to the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill, allowing the Agri-
cultural Department to use eertain balances
for its general purposes.
The proposed amendment was ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. HARLAN submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the Army appro-
priation bill; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
supply of potomac water.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
l?e<toh)e<l. That the chief of engineers of the Array
bo di roc ted to communicate to tlie Senate any inform-
ation in his possession touching the failure to ex-
ecute the act of Congre°sapproved July 14,1870, pro-
viding for the laying of a new water main from the
reservoir to Capitol Hill, andproviding for regulating
and restricting the use of Potomac water.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
the resolution, but I submit to the Senator
from Vermont that the custom of the Senate
has been to call on the heads of Departments,
and not upon the subordinate officers in the
Departments, for information. The Senator
can get the same information in either way;
but this is departing from what we generally
adopt as a rule, to make our calls on the Sec-
retary of War, or the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, or the head of the proper Department,
whatever it may be, and not upon the heads of
bureaus.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I agree entirely with my
honorable friend from Illinois as to the prin-
ciple; but in this instance the statute itself to
which I have referred confides this very busi-
ness to the chief of engineers, and not to tbe
Secretary of War.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the case in
reference to many duties in the Patent Office,
and yet we never address a call to the Com-
missioner of Patents, but to the Secretary of
the Interior.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; in this particular case the Secretary of
War has no power at all over this subject.
This officer by name in the statute has alone
the information which I ask for.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I made the suggestion
merely on account of the usage of the.Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I would inquire if this sub-
ject has not already been committed, on the
motion of the Senator from Vermont, to the
Committee on the District of Columbia? As
a member of that committee, I remember that
we have had it before us on a resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; I introduced
a resolution some time since calling upon the
Committee on the District of Columbia to
make inquiry into one branch of this subject.
Now I understand the chief of engineers has a
report from one of his subordinates containing
information on this matter, which I think will
be of value to the committee; and it is for the
purpose of obtaining that report for the use of
the committee that I have offered this resolu-
tion.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
m'donald's compilation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the following
resolution, either to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing or to be considered now,
as may be the pleasure of the Senate;
Resolved, That there be printed for the uso of the
Senate five hundred copies of the Compilation of the
Constitution of the United States, ami of the Rules,
&e.. made by the Chief Clerk of the Senate in 1868,
with such additions as have since been made.
If there is no objection the resolution may
as well be put upon its passage, but my doubt
is whether live hundred copies will be enough.
The Chief Clerk tells me that this work is often
called for, and parties can order and pay for
it at the Printing Office, under a general law.
Perhaps we might as well print an edition of
a thousand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair had
intended to state to the Senate that for some
time the edition has been exhausted, so that
new Senators who have entered the Chamber
within the last few weeks have not been able
to obtain any copies.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will modify my resolu-
tion, then, so as to make the number one
thousand, bocause the additional cost of print-
ing a thousand over five hundred will be very
little.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The resolution
will be referred to the Committee on Printing,
under the law.
SDTKO TUNNEL.
Mr. NYE. I rise to ask the Senate to give
me unanimous consent to allow an evening
session on Monday next for the purpose of
bringing to a vote the question of the Sutro
tunnel.
The^ VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada asks unanimous consent that au
evening session be held on Monday next, at
half past seven o'clock, for the purpose of
considering the bill in regard to the Sutro
tunnel. Is there objection?
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
recommendations to office.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is the bill (S. No. 298)
to relieve members of Congress from impor-
tunity, and to preserve tbe independence of
the different departments of the Government,
which is now before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole ; and upon this bill the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Schurz] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. RAMSEY. I thought this day was
assigned for the consideration of certain bills
named in the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota is correct. This day was
assigned for the consideration of various bills
as special orders; but the fifteenth rule of the
Senate reads as follows:
"The unfinished business in which the Senate was
engaged at the last preceding adjournment shall have
the preference in the special orders of the day."
Mr. RAMSEY. How can we avoid that
rule?
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the Senator
from Missouri yielding the floor and the Sen-
ator from Minnesota moving to postpone the
unfinished business for the purpose of consid-
ering the special orders, and obtaining the vote
of a majority of the Senate in favor of that
motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I appeal, then, to the Sen-
ator from Missouri to yield me the floor for
that purpose.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think I have been very
accommodating thus far, and I desire to inform
the Senator from Minnesota that in case I
should yield the Senator from Illinois, the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
would move to take up a privileged question,
the case of the Georgia Senators ; and there-
fore it would he impossible for him to bring
up his steamship bills anyhow.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not know that the cases
are at all alike. This day was specially fixed
for the consideration of the steamship billsand
was not specially fixed for the consideration of
the other matter.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator from Mis-
souri will yield.- I think that the question of
whether our commerce shall be reestablished
is quite as important to be considered as the
question whether the Senator shall go to the
penitentiary or not. [Laughter.] While we
are striving to rebuild our commerce, the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri wants to pass
a law imprisoning members of the Senate.
[Laughter.] I submit that the balance between
the importance of the two questions certainly
entitles the proposition of the honorable Sen-
ator from Minnesota to paramount considera-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow me one word?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 consider it my duty
to insist upon calling up the question in regard
to the Georgia Senators, and I would do so
now if the Senator from Missouri had not the
floor. I shall certainly do so the first oppor-
tunity I get after the present matter is disposed
of. I am sorry that my friend from Nevada
is so troubled about this penitentiary matter.
Mr. NYE. It is not on my own account.
[Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to be in his
head on every occasion. I think we shall try
to except him, so that he cannot get in the
penitentiary, by some provision, if he con-
siders himself really in danger.
Mr. NYE. That would he temporary relief
and would benefit me; but still that would
leave my friend himself exposed. [Laugh-
ter.] I cannot consent to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri is entitled to the floor by the rules
of the Senate.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to make an in-
quiry. I inquire in what condition the steam-
ship bills embraced in the resolution assign-
ing to-day for their consideration will be if
we give way for the Senator from Missouri
to proceed; and, in fact, when they can be
disposed of?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are now
