170
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Shields vs. Van Horn—Mr. Burr.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
and judicial authority has been and is to the
effect that a secretary to- whom returns of
elections are made as in this case can only add
together the votes returned to him as cast for
each candidate in the several counties, and
give the certificate to the person having upon
such addition the highest number of votes.
But the highest judicial authority of the State
of Missouri has in several recent cases settled
this question of the power of the secretary
be) oud all cavil. I quote from the decision
of the supreme court of Missouri in a recent
case as follows:
"The law does not seem to have rested in the sec-
retary any discretion in the premises. It requires
him to perform the act of opening and counting the
returns. It is the lawdeclared by this ourt, as well
as the general current of authority, that a county
clerk or tho secretary of State, in opening and oust-
ing lip. votes, acts ministerially and not judicially.
Thematterof determining upon the legality of votes
is a judicial function, to be passed upon before a tri-
bunal competent to make an adjudication where the
.parties interested can be heard."
Under this interpretation of the law of Mis-
souri, we add the rejected counties, Platte and
Jackson, to the returns from which they were
stricken by usurpation of one "clothed in a
little brief authority," and find Shields's major-
ity, as heretofore slated, 983 votes. This status
of the parties shows that in fact Van Horn
should be the contesting party; for, in con-
templation of law, Shields is in Congress and
Van Horn out. This throws upon Van Horn
the burden of proof to establish his claim by
affirmative testimony, or, in other words, re-
lieves the nominal contestant, Shields, of the
onus probandi, and rests it upon the nominal
respondent, Van Horn.
How, then, does Van Horn avoid the force
of this vote, and by what pretense does h«
claim the seat? He charges that frauds existed
in the registration and election of Platte and
Jackson counties which, if corrected, would
overcome the legal presumption arising out of
the certified vote and show a majority in his
favor. This charge is denied by Shields ; and
this allegation of the one party and denial of
the other constitute the issue and the only
issue in the case. The part of this charge
specifically made to apply to the county of
Platte is iy broad and comprehensive language,
and, if true, in whole or in part, could easily
have been proved. Against the vote of that
county the following charge is made:
"That the election in the county of Platto was
conducted with violence, intimidation of officers of
election, and voters, by seizing polling places, brib-
ery. illegal voting, and other unlawful means, by
which hundreds of legal voters were kept from the
polls, and illegal votes to tlio number of 600 and
mora received; and that the number of registered
voters iu the county is not by several hundred as
large as tho number polled at said election as as-
certained by law,"
Yet n<H a particle of proof is found in the
record submitted, impeaching the vote of this
county. This omission to sustain, or attempt
to sustain, the charges against the vote of Platte
county narrows the controversy to the con-
sideration of the facts surrounding the vote in
Jackson, and on this the whole question at
issue must rest. And let us remember that
all these questions are to be tried, Mr. Speaker,
not by the laws of your State, nor of mine, but
only by the laws of Missouri.
The third article of the constitution of Mis-
souri contains its requirements on the subject
of elections; the third section of that article
enumerates the many causes disqualifying cit-
izens as voters; the fourth makes it the duty
of the Legislature to enact a registry law; the
fifth prescribes the manner of determining the
right to vote before-and after such enactment;
and the sixth prescribes what is known as the
oath of loyalty, to be taken by every applicant
prior to his registering or voting. Such being
the constitutional requirements, the Legislature
provided in 1865 for the registration preced-
ing the election of 1866; but in Alareh, 1868,
another act was passed, under which the regis-
tration for the election of November 8, 1868,
was made. This act provided that in each sena-
torial district of the State outside of St. Louis
a superintendent of registration should be ap-
pointed by the Governor, by and with the
advice of the senate, who should in the month
of June following appoint three suitable per-
sons iuAach county as a board of registration,
who shoald serve until the next appointment
of superintendent, subject, however, to the pro-
vision of the law giving to the superintend-
ent power '"in his discretion to remove any
person appointed by him for incompetency, or
for any other cause." (Laws, 1808, page 131,
sees. 1 and 2.) Let this provision of law be
borne in mind, for its consideration becomes
material during this investigation.
The ninth section of the same act defines
the duty and power of the board of registration
after its organization :
*' Sec. 9. The board of registration shall have power
to examine, under oath, any person applying for
registration as to his qualifications as a voter, and
thay shall, before entering the name of any person on
the registry of qualified voters, diligently inquire
and ascertain that he has not done any of the acts
specified in the constitution as causes of disqualifi-
cation: and if. from their own knowledge, or evi-
dence brought betore them, they shall be satisfied
that any person seeking registration is disqualified
under any provision of the constitution, they shall
not enter his name on tho list of qualiaed voters,
though he may have taken and subscribed before
them the oath of loyalty aforesaid; but if he has
taken and subscribed such oath shall enter his name
on a separate list of persons rejected as voters, and,
in connection with such entry they shall state the
grounds of the rejection, and they shall also note
every appeal fromtheirdecision by making an entry
of the fact opposite the name of the party taking
such appeal. The board of registration, or any
member thereof, shall have power to administer
oaths to all parties appearing before them for regis-
tration or as witnesses."
Jackson county, in the sixth congressional
district, composed part of the fourteenth sen-
atorial district, and in that senatorial district
Thomas Phelan was appointed superintendent
of registration, in due time he appointed as
the board of registration in Jackson county
three Republicans, Ainsworth, Quest, and Van-
trees. Subsequently, and before the registra-
tion commenced, Milton J. Paine was ap-
pointed a member of the board to act instead
of Quest. The only reason assigned by any
one for this change is furnished by Phelan, who
says he ascertained that it was the intention
of the board to disfranchise a sufficient num-
ber of Democrats, regardless of law, to insure
the result of the election to the Republicans.
But as further changes were made, let us
state the others and consider all together. On
the day before registration was to commence
Phelan removed the other two registrars, Ains-
worth and Vantrees, and in their places ap-
pointed Dowd and Monroe. This full board,
consisting of Paine, Dowd, and Monroe, acted
until the election closed. It is charged that
these changes were made by Phelan from cor-
rupt motives, and it is urged that therefore
the work done by this board is without validity
in law. It is not denied that Paine. Dowd,
and Monroe were each citizens of Missouri, free
from all disqualifications, and themselves fully
qualified legally to hold office in that State.
An objection was at first made to Paine, on
the ground that as he then held an office under
the revenue system of the United States, being
deputy collector, he was therefore ineligible as
a registrar ; but I understand this objection not
to be sustained by the majority of the com-
mittee.
Assuming, then, the legal qualification of the
parties appointed, the question recurs : sup-
pose the motive of Phelan in appointing them
was corrupt, are their acts therefore null and
void ? 1 present the question to every lawyer
on this floor, and ask for the answer which the
true lawyer must give. The legal right of the
superintendent to cause the removal of one set
and make the appointment of another set of
officers is notonly unchallenged, butis specific-
ally and with eager care expressed in the very
law defining his power, in the language i have
quoted, that he shall have power in his dis-
cretion to remove any person appointed by
him for incompetency, or for any other cause!''
Here is his power of removal and conse-
quent substitution guarantied in the largest
sense, and in such language as clearly implies
that as removals are uin his discretion" such
removals shall not be challenged nor his offi-
cial action assigned for error. The undoubted
intention of the law as framed by the Legis-
lature wasto remove the superintendents from
all responsibility to people or courts, and thus
to secure to the dominant party full immunity
against any investigation into the means and
appliances whereby the people were frequently
defrauded of their political rights by the exer-
cise of unlimited power in the officers of
registration. That this power was used to
defraud the people of Missouri, and that it
was systematically applied as a part of the
political partisan machinery of the then dom-
inant faction, we have the assurance of one
whose high position in the party gave him
ample opportunity to know, and whose bold-
ness of nature has prompted him to expose.
I will quote from the recent masterly speech
by Senator Schurz, in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, on Missouri politics:
"Permit me to give you another instance. In 1868
there were in Buchanan county, Missouri, 4,021 per-
sons registered as qualified voters. Before the board
of review met over one thousand affidavits were filed
with the members of that board against persons who
had taken tbe prescribed oath and had therefore been
registered, and who were afterward to be disfran-
chised. When the board of appeals and review met
hundreds of them besieged the door of their meet-
ing place. But the proceedings of that board, lim-
ited by law to a very few day?, were remaikably
slow. About three hundred cases were considered—
about forty favorably, the others unfavorably; the
bosird closed their doors in the faces of the rejected
citizeus, and the rest of the one thousand who had
not been heard were simply disfranchised. On what
ground was this done? On tbeground thattho regis-
tration of those individuals had been objected to by
somebody. By whom they were objected to they
were never informed. Tbey simply learned that affi-
davits had been filed against them. Neither was
their demand to have the affidavits produced com-
plied with. They obtained only a general intima-
tion of the charges against them, and were required
to prove their loyalty; and the board of review not
sitting long enough to bear even one third of them,
they were simply disfranchised, for the registering
officers were sufficiently satisfied that they ought not
to vote.
"Time has shed a little more light upon those pro-
ceedings also. It turns out that over five hundred
of those secret affidavits, on the ground of which so
many citizens were deprived of their right to vote,
had been manufactured by and under the direction
of one man, ono James Beach, living at St. Joseph,
Missouri, an employe of insurance companies, who
was at different times prosecuted for embezzlement.
Ihe hundreds of affidavits of this individual were lor
a long time kept a profound secret among the official
records of the registeringofficers. But some ot them
have found their way to other people's eyes, and it
will edify you to know, sir, that hundreds of men
were deprived of their sulfrngo for no other reason
but that such adisreputableindividual, of whom the
most respectable Republicans of St. Joseph assured
me that they would not believe him under oath,
objected to them simply on the ground, as the
ajhdavifs read, 'that the person mentioned in tho
atndavit has the reputation of being disloyal or of
being a rebel sympathizer.' It is also instructive to
know that the same man importuned theRei>re>ent-
ative m Congress of that district^ to obtain for him
the post office at St. Joseph, urging as his peculiar
claim to reward that he had disfranchised so many
hundreds of individuals; an application which was
properly rejected."
Such, sir, was the practice under the Mis-
souri registry system. When political neces-
sity prompted the disfranchisement of a thou-
sand voters in a given county the irresponsible
officers of registration were notified and the
work was done. So unpopular became this
law and so odious its administration that the
people of Missouri, at the last general elec-
tions in that State, rose iu power, and hitherto
hostile parties united in striking from the con-
stitution and laws of Missouri all test oaths
and acts of disqualification. Designing and
unscrupulous zealots, acting as superintend-
