172
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Shields vs. Van Horn—Mr. Burr.
41st Cong....3dSess.
there, conducted the matter very fairly. On
this point I merely submit ag a last question:
suppose it proven, which itis not, {hatPhe-
lan for corrupt motives appointed three offi-
cers, legally qualified to act, ignorant of the
motive prompting their appointment and con-
sequently not parties to it, how could their
official conduct be affected by corruption in
the appointing power? Not at all, is the
answer of law, justice, and reason.
But it is said these men registered as voters
men who ought to have been rejected. The
statute required them to "diligently inquire"
as to the qualifications of those offering to vote,
and it is charged that they did not " diligently
inquire." To this I reply that the statute also
points out the mode of inquiring, that is by
the oath of the applicant and of such witnesses
as may be brought before them. The regis-
tration of voters was made publicly. When
application was made for registration the
" oath of loyalty " was administered in every
instance. When the applicant said he did not
understand thy disqualifying causes, the oath
was first read over and explained to him.
When all this was done and the oatb taken, if
no objections were made, the applicant was
placed on the accepted list, but was notified
that objections might yet be made against him,
in which case he would be notified and the case
heard on testimony. The proceeding is fully
stated by Paiue on pages 6 and 7 of the record,
and he distinctly asseits that in every case of
objection made and proof tendered against a
party his name was stricken from the "ac-
cepted" and placed on the "rejected" list;
and further that they '' registered no person
whom they had reason to believe had com-
mitted any of the acts disqualifying them."
And again he says :
"The board endeavored diligently to ascertain
who wore entitled to register as qualified voters,
and registered only those as qualified voters whom
they believed to bo entitled to bo so registered."
Not a single instance can be shown where a
legal objection was urged against an applicant
and the board refused to hear it. Under the
law, even after registration is completed, ob-
jections can be presented before the board of
review; and the proof shows thai none such
were presented that were not entertained and
properly disposed of by the board.
But it is said that at several places men
voted whose names were not registered, but
who were admitted to the ballot on presenta-
tion to the judges of a certificate from Dowd.
Much stress is laid on this fact in the majority
report What are the facts? After the regis-
tration had been made, after the board had
certified its work to the "board of review,"
and that board had disposed of all objections
and made their final list of accepted voters,
it was given a clerk to copy for the use of the
judges of election. When the polls were open
and voting going on it was discovered that the
clerk, in copying, had, without design, omitted
a number of names in his copies for various
polls, and the parties thus unintentionally
omitted, would go, when time was sufficient,
to one of the registering officers and get a
certificate of the fact of having been on the
list_ originally and having been wrongfully
omitted in copying. Voters of both parties
were so leftoff, and voters of both parties
were so permitted to vote on presenting such
certificates. To show that this feature of the
ease had no partisan bearing, I refer to the
• statement of M. J. Paine, one of the register-
ing officers, who says on page 7:
"Prom my acquaintance, of the majority of the
voters whose names were loft off, I should say the
majority of them were Democrats."
But still another objection is made, which
is worthy.of attention, and I notice it, not to
urge that tiie act objected to is entirely com-
patible with the law, but to repel the charge
of corruption made by the majority of the
committee against the board in relation to the
act. In several cases the officers entered on
the accepted list names of parties never be-
fore them in person applying for registration.
Parties unable to attend would subscribe the
oath of loyalty before some officer authorized
to administer oaths, and send that to the board.
If no objections were made the board regis-
tered the names of these parties as accepted
voters; and this is charged as corrupt by the
majority of the committee. Although neither
the constitution nor statutes of Missouri re-
quired in express terms that the applicant
should be personally present before the board,
yet in my judgment the spirit of the statute did
require it; and believing that the registration
of this class was erroneous, I only inquire
as to the motive prompting it and-as to the
political party achieving an advantage by it.
The sitting member, following up proof of this
fact of erroneous registration, places Baine
upon the stand as a witness, and asks, (page
82:)
" Question. About how many person?, if any, on
the last day of the meeting of the board of review,
were placed on the registered list without being
present?
"Answer. I -should say about sixty—from forty to
sixty."
This bare fact is charged by the sitting mem-
ber as proof of collusion among the members
of the board to admit parties to the ballot
wrongfully in order to advance the interest of
General Shields. But note the explanation in
the further fact, as .stated by Paine on cross-
examination :
"Question. Hojv cawe y.ou to put the sixty per-
sons, above mentioned, on the qualified list; and at
whose instance and upon what proof?
"Answer. These persons were placed upon the list
and not present, upon the filing theoath of loyalty,
sinned by each party and properly certified by the
officers authorized to take oaths, as provided bylaw,
by statute in such cases. These names wore mostly
presented by Jacob Boreman and Charles Vincent,
Eadical candidates for office."
_ But on this subject let us hear Mr. Boreman
himself, page 55. In answer to question by
sitting member he says:
"There were quite a number whose names were
placed upon the lists by the board of review on the
first and last days without their being'present. I
had quite a number of affidavits there myself, and
had the parties entered upon the lists."
I submit these facts as a complete refutation
of the charge of political corruption against
the board of review. Yet I think these par-
ties were erroneously registered, -58 in all, as
stated by Boreman, and though every doubt is
in favor of the supposition that at least half
of them voted for Van Horn, yet in aggregat-
ing the result l will deduct the whole 68,from
Shields; for in presenting this ease I shall
throw all doubts in favor of the sitting mem-
ber, and show by the results .thus -reached that
if he be retained it will be because he oweshis
election, not to the people of the sixth district
of Missouri, but to the House of Representa-
tives ; and that he will owe his seat to this
IIo-uso for the only reason that he is iu political
accord with the majority here, w-hile Shields
is not.
The sitting member charges further that -a
great number of persons who w«re in the rebel
army during the war were permitted to vote.
This is a serious charge, and all suoh should
have been rejected. But here arises an inter-
esting and pregnant question : why were they
not challenged before the board under the
statute? Witness Crenshaw is relied on to
sustain this charge. He says he has lived in
Jackson county since 1838, with the exception
of two years' absence. He was there during
the registration and the subsequent voting.
He was acquainted with the people; and yet,
with full knowledge of all the facts, never
breathed an objection in the mode provided
by law against,any registered voter; and now,
as a witness in this contest, he for the first
time charges wholesale disqualification against
the voters of "Sui-a-bar township."
And on what facts does he so charge. His
own knowledge reaches to three, Charles
Strode, Frank Smith, and Hezekiali Smith,
who would undoubtedly have been stricken
from the lists by the board of review had he
made his objections there. After naming
these three he adds, " that's all I know of be-
ing in the confederate army." Now it is not
shown for whom these three voted ; yet to
meet all contingencies I strike them from the
number of votes certified for Shields, and pro-
ceed to a consideration of the last remaining
class of voters objected to, those who were
rejeoted in 1866 and registered in 1868. All
the proof on this point comes from Charles
F. Quest, one of the removed registrars, and
John R. Swearenger, who, on pages 48 to
51, show that iu eight townships of Jack-
son county about one hundred and twenty
names, which were on the rejected list of 1866,
wer-e placed on the accepted list of 1868.
No copy of the rejected list of 1866 is pre-
sented to verify the statement or corrobo-
rate the.memory of these witnesses. But as-
aume-thefact to be as charged, on what ground
were these men rejected in 1866? It is not
shown. They may-have been in the condition
of the one thousand referred to by Senator
Schurz, disfranchised on secret, ex parte affi-
davits, charging suspicion only. But each
board is independent and original in its juris-
diction and takes no obligation from the act
of its predecessor.
As the law specifically provides that no man
shall be -registered on the mere fact that his
name a-ppears among the accepted voters of a
preceding.registration, so by necessary impli-
cation it follows that none shall be rejected
now on the mere ground of a former rejection;
but each case shall be decided de novo. The
rejection in 1866 and acceptance in 1868 were
acts of sworn officers appointed according to
law. If the first registration proved the last
to be illegal, why not r-everse the proposition
and insist that their acceptance in 1868 proved
their rejection in 1866 to have been illegal?
Further, let it b-e remembered that there is
no proof offered showing for whom these one
hundred and twenty men voted, nor, indeed,
that they voted at all. Grant the irregularity of
the registratioh, what does the sitting member
gain in law by his proof? Nothing, unless he
follows with proof that these men voted, and
«hows how they voted. Butletus, as in former
instances, give all the doubt to the sitting mem-
ber, and after aiding his proof by violent sup-
position we reach the following approximate
result:
Total vote for Shields  8 37$
Total vote for Van Horn  7,398
Shields's majority on returns  983
1. Assume tfrat all who registered witlioutbeing per-
sonally present voted for Shields, autl we deduct
from turn, of this class  58
2. Assume that all whose names Were omitted in
copying the lists voted wrongfully for Shields,
and we deduct the number proven  12
a. Persons shown to have been in the rebel army 3
4- Assume that the 120 rejeoted in 1866 were all
disloyal, but that all voted for Shields, and we
deduct further from his vote 120
Making a total deduction from Shields of. 193
_ Taking .this total reduction, resulting from
violent suppositions based on the utmost pos-
sible stringency of law, from the certified
majority given. Shields by the people, and his
majority still is 790. And human ingenuity
cannot torture the proof in the case to justify
the throwing out of another vote that is sup
posed to be among- those east for Shields.
-Ihus, without taking a single vote from the
sitting -member, giving him the benefit of all
