1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
781
this appointment is above the law itself, and
exists in the Constitution of the United States
as one of the powers conferred upon the Exec-
utive? But the spectacle would certainly be
interesting to see the President of the United
States arraigned upon such an indictment be-
fore a traverse jury of the District of Colum-
bia and put to the proof of his innocence or a
justification of the act.- It would be very
queer at least to see him convicted of the mis-
demeanor ; and that conviction might be fol-
lowed, perhaps would be followed, by still
more serious consequences. * He might be
impeached and removed from office for doing
the same act. He might be transferred from
the Presidential Mansion to the jail of the Dis-
trict of Columbia as a common felon, and then
impeached for high crimes and misdemeanors.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask the
Senator from Michigan, who is a very excellent
lawyer, what my position would be in regard to
a matter like this: I have just received from
one of my constituents a letter, part of which
I will read. I told the Senator from Illinois
some time ago that his bill would bear very
heavily on those of us who represent a people
so remote from the city of Washington, from
the appointing power, as my constituents are.
They have to correspond with their Senators,
as does the party who writes this letter to me,
in which, speaking of a man whom he recom-
mends for a certain office, lie says:
"About a year ago lie metwith an accident on our
railroad by which he lost a lef?, and by reason of this
he is unfitted for many kinds of employment. IIo
has a family dependent upon him, and, as I hare
occasion to know, is wretchedly poor. I believe he is
worthy and competent, and if a place can be found
for him I hope he will be provided for."
If I were to recommend this man, should I
bring myself under the pains and penalties of
this act ?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly; you would be
liable to go to jail.
Mr. RAMSEY. This man cannot reach the
appointing power himself; he is too remote.
Mr. HOWARD. That is his misfortune.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Michigan allow me to ask a question of the
Senator from Minnesota?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquire of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota if he knows that person
who is recommended in the letter?
Mr. RAMSEY. No ; but I know the party
writing the letter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the recommenda-
tion of the party writing the letter, and not of
the Senator, would be the one acted upon.
«Mr. RAMSEY. I simply asked if I would
be liable under this bill to punishment for
recommending the person in such a case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The case staled shows
that the Senator's recommendation would be
worth nothing. That is the abuse we com-
plain of. Let the Department act on the
recommendation of the man wiio knows the
party, and not on the recommendation of the
Senator from Minnesota, who knows nothing
about him.
Mr. RAMSEY. How can the President
know the standing of this correspondent of
mine ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Probably he could find
out the standing of the correspondent very
easily. .
Mr. RAMSEY. I know that he is a highly
i.-.Mifctable citizen, and that what he says is
vorihv of all faith and confidence; but he is
not known here.
M r. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator know
Mint the Postmaster General does not know his
cnv respondent?
Mr. RAMSEY. This is not from or to the
Postmaster General.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator know
that none of the officers of this Government
having appointments know this cosrcspoud-
ent? .it
Mr. RAMSEY. I presume they do nOi..
Mr. TRUMBULL. Bntit is possible they do.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
from__Minnesota will observe that it is not the
question whether he happens to know the char-
acter of the applicant; that would be innocent.
Certainly the honorable Senator from Illinois
would insist upon that; the simple knowledge
of the fitness of the patty is not made a crime;
but it is the recommending of a person, fit or
unfit as he may happen to be, that constitutes
the crime. That is the point. The honorable
Senator from Illinois can certify to the Presi-
dent that he is perfectly acquainted with the
applicant; that he is a man of good character;
that he is good enough for any position, for
that or some other position ; and that would
not constitute a crime. But he must not go
beyond that particular line of demarkation,
and say "I advise the nomination or appoint-
ment of this man." There is the difficulty.
In doing that lie would commit the heinous
crime embraced in l5ie bill now in my hand.
I have reflected a good deal, Mr. President,
on this measure heretofore. Few members of
this body have been more annoyed, if I may
be allowed that expression, than myself, with
applicants for office. We are all put to a very
severe test by our friends who wish for office ;
and nobody is more sensible than I that these
incessant applications for office and the time
which members of the Senate and of the House
&re compelled to devote to thera are a very
severe drawback upon the usefulness of the
members of the two bodies. These services
certainly do consume a large portion of the
time of a member of Congress, and the time
thus devoted to private persons is abstracted
from the public service, and the country, so
far as this is concerned, undoubtedly is the
sufferer.
A man eomes into the House of Represent-
atives, or into the Senate, upon the theory, at
least, that he comes to legislate for the coun-
try. His duty is to bestow all his time, atten-
tion, care, and talents to the discharge of his
legislative functions, which are confined to the
legislative Chambers and to the committee-
rooms and other places where he is to obtain
the necessary information ; and it cannot be
doubted that the country is a sufferer in'conse-
quence of the consumption of such an amount
of time by Senators and Representatives in
running upon these innumerable errands. I
will not say that they are vexatious and trou-
blesome; but I will repeat that in my opinion
the legislation of the country suffers in conse-
quence of it. It is an evil; certainly it must
be admitted to be an evil: but how is it to be
removed? What is the remedy that we can
properly apply to it? Does this bill afford a
remedy? I think not.
In the first place, the appointing power must
have some proper sources of information as to
the fitness of persons to be appointed. Nobody
will deny this. The President of the United
States has not in his power the means of ascer-
taining the fitness of a person that is an appli-
cant for office, say, in my own State, without
consulting somebody who is acquainted with
him. What person is ordinarily more fitted
to give advice and furnish information as to
the fitness of this applicant than the Repre-
sentative from his own congressional district,
or one of the Senators from that State? But
to say to me that I shall not advise the Presi-
dent of the United States, or the head of a
Department, to appoint this man, that, or the
other to an office, seems to me to be not only too
stringent, but utterly impracticable ; because
the law could never be carried out; it would
be violated a thousand times every year, and
by almost every member of Congress; and
the repressive system proposed would lead to
one which would be, in my judgment infinitely
worse, so far as the appointment of fit persons
to office is concerned. What would- be the
result? You want to appoint a man to an
office in Indiana or Michigan. Hew are j-ou
to ascertain whether he is tit or unfit lor that
place? Yor know him not; you have no
means at Washington of ascertaining his fit-
ness. To whom must you apply ? You cannot
apply to the Representative from the district,
who may perhaps be his neighbor, or to one
of the Senators from that State;, you must
apply to some other source of information, to
some person who may happen to be in Wash-
ington casually, or eke you will be compelled
to resort to political committees, the county
committee or district committee or State
committee, on the subject of the fitness of this
person; and thus the political committees all
over the country would become the almoners
of the offices in the gift of the Executive.
The Representative would have nothing to say.
He could not express his views the one way
or the other without incurring the responsi-
bility of a misdemeanor; and the consequence
would be that every State in the Union would
find it necessary to establish an office, dispens-
ing bureau, or brokerage m the city of Wash-
ington, -with its proper agents, its clerks, its
books, its registers, &c., in order to furnish
proper information to the Executive Depart-
ments and to bestow office upon their friends
in that State. This would be one of the results.
Nobody can doubt it. Take this business out
of the hands of a Representative or a Sena-
tor, and you necessarily put.it into the irre-
sponsible hands of local committees or persons
who owe no particular allegiance and no par-
ticular duty to the Executive. It would lead,
in my opinion, to evils far worse than those
existing under the present system, from the
very fact that the Executive Departments
would find it impossible to possess themselves
of the necessary information.
I think that as we have got on very well with
it for a great number of years, certainly since
the accession of General Jackson to power,
and as the country has flourished tolerably well
under this system, called as it is by the Sen-
ator from Missouri the '' spoils system," we had
better not undertake to introduce an innova-
tion which will make matters worse. Let us
go on in the old way. It has done well thus
far; it lias produced no rebellion. It certainly
has one effect, that of attaching to the Govern-
ment and to the Union persons who have the
good fortune to obtain office from the Govern-
ment ; and if they are numerous all over the
country, it would seem to follow that the Gov-
ernment will have friends in proportion who
can be relied upon in an exigency.
Now, sir, I have one word to say respect-
ing the civil service bill, for that is the bill
which the honorable Senator from Missouri
has offered as a substitute for this. I have no
confidence in it whatever. I look upon it as a
mere dream of a political millenarian,^ who
entertains the hope that the political millen-
nium will some time or other come, when
nobody will be recommended or appointed to
office except such as may be entirely fit for it.
Sir, we shall see no such day. Our Govern-
ment is a republican-democratic Government.
The theory of it is that the representative shall
be as near the constituent as possible. It is
the constituent that is ultimately responsible
for the use of the political power which he
bestows upon his representative; and the
nearer you keep the representative to the
constituent the better, and the more perfect
is our republican representative system. But
if you undertake to separate the representa-
tive from the constituent, and place the former
above the latter at such a height that he can-
not approach to him or speak to him,_ you
have taken the first step toward converting a
representative republican Government into that
more simple and dignified Government known
as a despotism.
- There are evils connected with all Govern-
ments. It is undoubtedly true that on the in-
auguration of everv new President Washing-
ton is filled with visitors, many of whom resort
I hither for the purpose of securing offices. Sir,
; they are part and parcel of the sovereigns of
