182
THE OOJSTGEESSIOiSTAL GLOBE,
January 27,
the country. They have a right to come here,
and to ask the President or a Secretary or'the
head of a bureau for an office. They have a
right to express their wishes and to present
themselves as persons fit for and wanting an
office. Who doubts it? Is this a crime ? Is
it even a fault?
The honorable Senator from Missouri spoke
of the crowd of visitors who attend inaugura-
tions here as a "motley crowd," intending
doubtless to cast odium upon those visitors
who happen to come here on that occasion for
office-seeking. As a general thing, the crowd
who assemble here are not a "motley crowd."
The most respectable and intelligent portions
of the people of the United States ordinarily
compose this crowd of visitors. Is it the pur-
pose of the honorable Senator from Missouri
to debar the people of the United States from
making these visits to Washington, whether
they come for office or not? Does his fanciful
and imaginary republican form of government
exclude all contact between the people- and the
persons they elect to office? If he is carrying
his chimera of the purification of the official
corps of the United States so far, I would rec-
ommend him to pause and reflect that we have
a practically republican Government in full
operation here, and that it is the right of the
people themselves to come here to ask for office
and to obtain office, if those who dispense the
offices think them fit and worthy.
Now, sir, I am opposed to this civil service
bill because its direct tendency i3 to build up a
privileged class, a sort of office-holding aris-
tocracy in the country ; and I tell you, sir, enact
this bill, put it into operation, and say to the
masses of the people of the United States,
" You shall not be eligible to an office under
the Government of the DnitedStat.es unless
you have placed yourself withm this charmed
circle of persons who have been examined
before a board of examiners," and your statute
will not remain the period of one single Con-
gress upon the statute book. Have we not
schools in this country? Have we not insti-
tutions of learning where persons may fit
themselves for the discharge of official duties?
And what magic is there in a "board of
examiners?" How will this board of exam-
iners ascertain the fact better than the friends
of the parties who are not members of the
board as to the fitness of the applicants?
Sir, intending no disrespect to the honorable
Senator from Missouri, I must say that this is
one of the emptiest visions that I have ever
seen, one of the most impracticable projects;
and, if it were practicable, one of the most
objectionable and odious. I hope that the
amendment of the honorable Senator from
Missouri will meet with the fate which in
my judgment it so richly merits, and that it
will be rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator to with-
draw that motion, so as to enable me to sub-
mit a motion to take up the steamship bills, in
order to leave-them as unfinished business.
Mr. HARLAN. If that can be done by
common consent, I shall have no objection.
Mr. COLE. There will be no debate on
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Oregon?
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. To postpone the
further consideration of the pending bill for
the purpose of taking up the bills which were
made the special order for this day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
done until we dispose definitely of this sub-
ject. We gain no time by putting it otf from
day lo day. Why can we not stay to-night
and finish it? Let us dispose of it in some
way. If the Senate is not disposed to
any bill on this subject, let it say so.
Mr. HARLAN. I renew my motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I appeal to the Senator from
Iowa to allow me to make a motion for the
purpose of testing the sense of the Senate on
the question of disposing of the bill before us.
To get rid of that bill, I hope the Senator will
allow me to move to lay it on the table. That
is a motion that is not debatable.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let that motion be made
and be pending, and let us take the vote on
it in the morning.
Mr. HARLAN. That motion can be made
to-morrow at one o'clock as well as now; and
there is some business that ought to be trans-
acted in executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa insists on his motion that the'Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. NYE. I hope we shall take a vote upon
the question of laying this bill upon the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion can-
not be entertained now, as the floor is in pos-
session of the Senator from Iowa, and his
motion for an executive session has priority
if he claims the floor.
Mr. HARLAN. I am not willing to yield.
Mr. NYE. Is it proper for me, pending
that motion, to move to adjourn?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is. That
motion has priority.
Mr. NYE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
message from the iiodse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 17) authorizing the sale of the
Chattanooga rolling-mill property at Chatta-
nooga, Tennessee, to the Southwestern Iron
Company.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 472)
for the relief of Mary A. Elliott, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following bills
and joint resolution ; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 2360) for the relief of
Arnton Smith ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2529) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending
June 30, 1872; and
A joint'resolution (H. II. No. 170) author-
izing the sale of a portion of the Port Leav-
enworth military reservation to the Kansas
Agricultural and Mechanical Association of
Leavenworth county, in the State of Kansas,
for fair grounds.
disposition of military reservations.
The message further announced that the
House requested the Senate to return to it the
bill (S. No. 5C9) to provide for the disposition
of useless military reservations, passed by the
House of Representatives, with an amendment,
on the 25th instant, and sent to the Senate.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, the Secretary
was directed to return the bill and amendment
to the House of Representatives.
consular courts in japan.
The VICE PRESIDENT kid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating a copy of regu-
lations for the consular courts of the United
States in Japan, decreed and issued by the
minister of the United States in that country ;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
house bill referred.
The j'oint resolution (H. R. No. 472) for the
relief of Mary A. Elliott, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
reours on the motion of the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Harlan,] that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. NYE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered ; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 35, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Buckingham, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Cragin, Fenton, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Howell. Morrill of
Vermont, Osborn, Patterson. Pomeroy, Pool, Rice,
Scott, Sherman, Sprague. Stearns, Tipton, Trum-
bull. Vickers, "Warner, Willey, Williams, and Wil-
son—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Casserly, Corbott, Davis. Fowler,
Harris, Kellogg, Nye, Pratt, Ramsey. Schurz, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Thurman, and Yates—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. A inc.-, Blair, Cameron, Carpen-
ter. Cattell, Edmunds, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Maryland, Johnston, Lewis, McCreery, McDon-
ald, Morrill of Maine. Morton, Revels, Robert-
son, Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spencer, Stewart, and
Thayer-23.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After twenty-five minutes spent in
executive session, the doors were reopened,
and the Senate (at four o'clock and thirty
minutes p. m.) adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 27, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G-. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
st. mary's falls canal.
Mr. BEAMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
Senate bill No. 1257.
No objection being made, the bill (S. No.
1257) making a temporary appropriation for
the prosecution of the work upon the improve-
ment of St. Mary's Falls canal and St. Mary's
river, Michigan, was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a firstand second time, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
reconsideration of references.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, yesterday
in consequence of the announcement of the
death of Mr. Norton, no motion was made to
lay on the table the reconsideration of refer-
ences of bills, &c., referred or recommitted
during the day. I now move to reconsider the
various votes by which bills, joint resolutions,
<fec., were yesterday referred or recommitted;
and also move that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
statistics of population, etc.
Mr. DUKE. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce, for adoption at the present time, the
following resolution, which merely calls for
information from one of the Departments:
Itewlved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to cause to be prepared and reported to
this House as soon as possible the following tabular
statements:
1. A statement showing the aggregate population
of each State and Territory in the United States ;
2. A statement showing the aggregate value of all
personal property of any description which may be
the subject of taxation, in each State and Territory;
and
A statement of the real estate in each State and
Territory which may be the subject of taxation.
Mr. PLATT, I object.
prosecutions and penalties.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (II. R. No. 2875) to
regulate prosecutions and penalties ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
surveyor at chester, pennsylvania.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce for consideration at the pres-
ent time a bill to abolish the office of surveyor
at the port of Chester, Pennsylvania.
