1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1600
ticular form. I think that the more we invest-
igate this matter the more desirable it will
appear that the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from West Virginia [Mr. McGp.ew]
should be adopted1.'
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The amend-
ment ought to come in after the words " Treas-
ury notes."
Mr. DAWES. I think it would be better if
the additional words should be inserted after
"Treasury notes."
Mr. McGREW, I have no objection to that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. J move
to ataend the amendment so as to insert after
the words '' national bank notes'' these words:
"and pay all the other expenses of the na-
tional banks." The effect of the provision in
this form will be that the United States shali
pay the expenses of detecting the counter-
feiting of national bank notes and all other
expenses of the national banks, including fur-
niture, clerk hire, rent, and everything else.
It seems to me that such an amendment as
that which is now advocated upon this floor
can have only one intent; and that is, to throw
all the burdens of the national banks upon the
people of the country, to be paid in the form
of taxation, while the banks shall enjoy all
the profits of. tbeir business. Now, is it not
enough that the Government engraves their
notes ? Is it not enough that the Government
insures the payment of those notes? Is it not
enough that the Government pays- these banks
six per cent, interest on the amount of their
circulation? Should not these institutions be
satisfied without undertaking to saddle the
Government with all their expenses ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will allow me to suggest that for the express
purpose of defraying the expenses of engrav-
ing and printing and issuing these notes, in-
cluding the cost of paper, &c., there is a tax
laid on the whole body of the notes by the law
creating theSe banks. And, sir, from that tax
the Government has received three or four
times as much as all the expenses incurred in
this way.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes;
whenever we have anything to say about the
national banks, gentlemen are ready to tell us
how much these institutions are taxed ; but I
want the country to understand how much their
dividends are, how much their surplus is, how
much they pay their officers, how much they
take out of the people in various ways, includ-
ing the failure of business men all over the
country by reason of the high rates of interest
which these banks compel them to pay. Now,
when we have before us a proposition seeking
still further to advance the interests of the
national banks—and these institutions are
represented on this floor by over sixty of their
own directors,' every man of whom is interested
in all the questions relating to these banks—I
want the country to understand why it is that
even the Committee on Appropriations, instead
of defending their own bill, advocate an amend-
ment' which will add to the taxation of this
country.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the amend-
ment does not add a mill to the taxation of
the country ; and if the gentleman had read
it he would not have made this statement, if
he has aqy regard for the truth of the state-
ments he makes. Sir, the proposition is to
protect the people against fraudulent and coun-
terfeit notes, a matter over which the banks
have no control. It is this proposition which
the gentleman opposes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why did
not the Committee on Appropriations report
this provision, if it is so excellent?
Mr. DAWES. I respectfully ask the Chair
to state who has the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
FiEi-D.) The gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. Sol thought. Mr,_ Speaker,
to a proposition to extend the duties of the ;
offices under this appropriation to the protec-
tion of the people against counterfeits of bank
notes made by the Government my colleague
adds such a proposition as he does to break it
down. But I will not discuss it, but move that
debate be closed on the pending paragraph.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My col-
league has not answered my question.
The motion to close debate was agreed to.
The question first recurred on the amend-
ment to the amendment of Mr. Butler, of
Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw it.
The question then reeurred on Mr. McGbew's
amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
90, noes 37,
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
J?or payment of the necessary expenses incurred
in defending suits against the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, or his agents, for the seizaro of captured or
abandoned property, and for the defense of the
United States, in respect of such property in the
Court of Claims, to be expended under the direotion
of the Attorney General, $60,000.
Mr. KERR. I move to reduce that appro-
priation from $60,000 to $30,000, and I do it
for the purpose of inquiring of the gentlemen
having charge of this bill why it is necessary
to make any such appropriation at all. I
understand this duty, without any provision of
this kind, pertains to the Attorney General's
office, now called the Department of Justice.
It is the duty of the Attorney General and his
assistants and of the solicitor of the Court of
Claims to prosecute and defend all of these
claims just as muck without this provision as
with it. I hope the gentlemen will state to the
House how much of this money, if any, is to
be paid to the Attorney General or any of his
subordinates or any of the solicitors of the
Court of Claims, in addition to their respective
salaries. If any such part is to be paid, then
I think the appropriation ought to be stricken
out. I think it is bad policy, that it is a bad
precedent for the Government to double com-
pensations or salaries in this way. I yield to
the gentleman from Massachusetts to explain
this provision of the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I agree entirely with the gen-
tleman from Indiana, that if any part of this
money went to pay the Attorney General, the
solicitor, or any Assistant Attorneys General,
it would be in violation of law. But that will
not be the case. I do not think this will be
used in violation of law. I do not understand
that it is for any such purpose, but that it is
to be used in defraying expenses for taking
depositions at a distance. If depositions are
to be taken in New Orleans or Montgomery,
Alabama, it will be much cheaper to employ
an attorney to take the deposition than to send
these men down there. Indeed, you could not
send these men to all places. 1 believe they
give ten dollars to an attorney to appear for
taking testimony at a distance from this capi-
tal. Beyond that, so far as I know, no part
goes to the payment of attorneys. The law
requires the Attorney General and Assistant
Attorneys General to appear in all these courts
themselves without any additional pay; and
if they get any additional pay, according to
any construction of the law, it ought to be put
a stop to. But my friend from Indiana will
see that there is a great deal of expense. He
can see that in the trial of cases it is necessary,
in order that the cases may be tried properly
and efficiently, that there should be these inci-
dental expenses on the part of the prosecuting
officers.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let me make an addi-
tional statement. Gentlemen will see from the
reading of the paragraph that this covers what
are called the "cotton cases." In order to
defend them properly it was necessary to obtain
testimony in the region where the seizures of
the property occurred. That could not be done,
as was suggested, by sending agents down there
at an expense of time and trouble as cheaply
as employing attorneys living on the ground,
Judge Hale has charge of these cases. He was
formerly a member of this House, and his high
personal character is a sufficient guarantee that
the money will be expended honestly. I can
assure gentlemen of my personal knowledge
of these transactions that it is much cheaper to
employ these attorneys at the different places
than to send down assistants and defray all
their expenses.
Mr. KERR. I desire to add a word or two
in reply to what has been said by gentlemen
on the' other side. My objection still stands
to this paragraph in the bill, and for the res-
son that the language is not sufficiently specific
to confine it or limit it in the ways that are
suggested by gentlemen on the other side, and
especially by the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations. I insist that the language
of this provision distinctly authorizes the pay-
ment of a part of this appropriation, if not all
of it, to attorneys who shall appear in behalf
of these officers, or of the United States, in
these courts, in the immediate and technical
trial of the cause, not to persons alone who
shall give their services in the preparation of
the cause for trifil.
And then I want to inquire of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] if it is
not true that in the preparation of a cause like
this it is competent for the Attorney General
or his subordinates to use the services of the
district attorneys of the United States within
whose districts it may become necessary to
take evidence in any of these pending causes,
and whether it is not also competent for them
to use the registers in bankruptcy in similar
ways, and under other provisions of law, if
need be, to pay them for such services as they
may render?
Mr. DAWES. I think it would be compe-
tent to employ district attorneys, but not regis-
ters in bankruptcy, for such purposes. But
I want to suggest to the gentleman that there
is a great deal of work in getting up one of
these cases. It is necessary sometimes to spend
a month or longer in ascertaining and devel-
oping the real facts in connection with them,
to which the Department cannot devote a pros-
ecuting officer, because he has his official duties
to discharge which are incompatible with them,
and they find a man who will go to work for
compensation by the day or month to do this
thing; and unless there is an extravagant and
wasteful expenditure of money it seems proper.
For myself, I never heard that money was ever
wasted in this way. It can be wasted, I agree ;
it can be misapplied, I agree; but I do not
think that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] has any knowledge that it has been
misapplied. 1 will go with him just as far as
I possibly can to prevent any misapplication
of it. But suppose the Department has reason
to believe that a cotton claim presented in the
Court of Claims here is fraudulent; it cannot
send a district attorney to find that out without
its taking him a week or ten days or a fort-
night to go perhaps into a distant part of the
State to develop the facts.
Mr. KERR. I wish to make a remark right
there. The Treasury Department is full of offi-
cers whose duty it is habitually to run down
these claims for the Government. There are
Treasury detectives and the various officers in
the service of the internal revenue depart-
ment who could be employed iu that way.
Mr. DAWES. The Treasury is a Depart-
ment by itself, and the Department of Justice
is also a Department by itself. Now, unless it
"be true that there are in one Department super-
numeraries doing nothing, who could be trans-
ferred and make officers of the other Depart-
ment, itisnot worth while to mix and confound
the duties of the two. If there are supernum-
eraries in any Department doing nothing they
should have tkeirheads cut off, But, you must
make the men in he Department of Justice,
under the direction ot the Attorney General,
