1610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
responsible to him, and those in the Treasury
Department responsible to the Secretary of the
Treasury. And so in the internal revenue
department. If you lay upon an officer of the
internal revenue the duties the Attorney Gen-
eral requires he cannot control him, because
he is not responsible to him, and vice versa.
I submit to the gentleman that the whole thing
turns upon the fidelity of administration.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say--—r-
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man's time has expired.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to add the follow-
ing words to the paragraph now pending:
No part of which shall be paid to attorneys at law
for professional services in cases before the Supreme,
circuit, or district courts of the United States, or
Court of Claims. • -
Mr. DAWES. I do not object to it if it does
not exclude that class of services that I have
indicated.
Mr. HOLMAN. It certainly does not.
Mr. DAWES. It did not strike me so.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. DAWES. I think the expression " in
causes that are before the court" would be
too broad.
Mr. KERR. I have not withdrawn my
amendment, to strike out "$60,000," and in-
sert "$30,000."
Mr. DAWES. My friend from Indiana
[Mr. Holhan] does not mean as much as his
amendment says. The very causes that we
have been speaking of are now pending in
one or the other of these courts.
Mr. HOLMAN. I see the objection of the
gentleman, and I agree with Mm.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The first
question is upon the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb,] to
strike out " $60,000" and insert " $30,000."
The question was taken; and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Holman's
amendment.
Mr. DAWES. Now, I hope the gentleman
will so modify his amendment as to exclude
compensation for any attorney who appears in
these courts. I agree with him that that would
be right.
Mr. JENCKES. I hope not; I object to
that amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. That was the object I had
in view, and I will modify my amendment so
as to read as follows:
No part of which shall be paid to attorneys at law
for professional services in appearing in causes be-
fore the Supreme, circuit, or district courts.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
that he insert after the words "appearing in"
the words " and assisting at the trial of."
Mr. HOLMAN. I will modify it in that
way.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I offer the following
amendment, to which I think the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations will not
object:
Add to line one hundred and thirty-one " and that
the Attorney General make report to Congress at the
end of the fiscal year of the manner of the appropri-
ation of this fund, and to whom and for what pur-
poses paid."
Mr. DAWES. I will say to the gentleman
that that is covered by the existing law. The
law establishing the Department of Justice
made that the duty of the Attorney General,
and he has just submitted his first report.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Is the Attorney General
bound to report to Congress?
Mr. DAWES. He is bound by law to do it,
as I understand the law.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Is he bound to report
in detail the items of expenditure?
Mr. DAWES. I am not able to say as to
that.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I think he is not.
Mr. DAWES. I have been informed by the
author of the bill, the gentleman from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Jenckes,] that {is js bound ta
report in detail. I think the provision of the
gentleman's amendment is covered by exist-
ing law.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I think that cannot be
so ; I think the Attorney General is not in the
habit of=reporting specifically.
Mr. DAWES. He never has reported at all
until this year. The p?ovision is in the new
law establishing the Department of Justice.
If the gentleman will recur to the report he
will see whether he reports in detail.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I should not have time
to do that before the item is passed. I.only
wish to say that there seems to be certainly
a very wide discretion vested in the Attorney
General. This fund is entirely under his con-
trol, and every dollar of it may be expended
without any real benefit to the Government,
distributed among his private friends, lawyers,
and attorneys. I know the gentleman has said
we have never heard any complaints of the
disbursement of this fund. Well, from the very
nature of things, from the manner in which he
holds this fund and has the right of disbursing
it, it is utterly impossible that you ever can
hear of any misappropriation of the fund. I
certainly have got no charges to make against
the Attorney General or anybody else, but I
think this amendment would keep the officers
honest, and certainly there is no harm in it.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know how much in
detail the law requires the Attorney General
now to report; but I can see good reason why
he should not report in absolute detail every-
thing he does with this fund. If he sends a
man down to a southern State to ferret out
a conspiracy or a fraudulent claim, and he
advertises that that man is down there for
that purpose, it would defeat the whole object.
I hope the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. GRISWOLD. It seems to meit would
be much more satisfactory to have a state-
ment showing to whom these funds are paid.
If they are paid out to private personal friends
of the Attorney General we should have a
report of it made to Congress.
Mr. DAWES. Of course ; and if he does
it without any service being performed by
them he ought to be impeached.
Mr. KERR. I would inquire if it is not the
fact that a large part of this appropriation is
intended to be used in paying for services here-
tofore rendered and not for services hereafter
to be rendered 1
Mr. DAWES. I do not so understand it.
We appropriated $40,000 last year for this
identical purpose, and I do not understand
that there is any deficiency, at least the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have not been ad-
vised from any quarter of the existence of a
deficiency. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. GbisWold; and upon a
division there were—ayes 45, noes 79.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. YAN TRUMP called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. DAWES. I hope not. I will go with
the gentleman for any reasonable provision to
protect this fund.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I conceive that the
amendment of my friend from New York
[Mr. Griswold] is a very reasonable propo-
sition, and I want the sense of the House to
go to the country on it.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is entitled to
that.
The yeas and  ays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 84, not voting
60; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Adams. Ambler, Archer, Asper,
Beatty, Beck, Bethune, Biggs, Bird, BlaiV, Boles,
James Brooks, Buokley, Burehard, Burr, Sidney
Clarke. Arnasa Cobb, Clinton It. Cobb, Connor, Cork-
er. Crebs, Cullom, Joseph Bison, Dockery,- .Donley,
Dox. Duke, Duval, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Fox,
Garfield, Gibson, Griswold, Haldeman, Hatnill, Haw-
kins, Hay, Hays, Heflin, Hill, Holman, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Judci, Kerr, Keteham, Knapp,
Lash, Lawrence, Lewis, Loughridge, Manning, Mar-
shall, Mayham, McCarthy, McCormiok, McCrary,
MeKenzio, MeNeely, Milne?, Morgan, Morrissey,
Packer, Halbert E. Paine, Palmer, Peck, Phelps,
Potter.Priee, Prosser, Randall, Beeves, itiee, Sehu-
maker, Scofield, Shanks, Sherrod, Shober, Joseph 8.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stiles, Stokes, Sfeough-
ton, Strader, Swann, Tanner. Trimble. Yan Auken, .
Van Trump, Welker, Wells, Wheeler, Eugene M.
Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Atwood,
Bailey, Banks, Barry, Bennett, Bingham, George
M. Brooks, Bulfinton, Burdett. Roderick K. Butler,
Cessna, Churchiil, William 'JC. Clark, Coburn, Conger,
Cowles, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Bia, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fisher, Gilfillan, Harris, Hawley, Hoar, Hoge,
Holmes, Hooper, llotchkiss, Ingersoil, Jenckes,
Julian, Kcliey, Kelsey, Long, Lynch, Maynard, Mc-
Grew, McKee, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, William
Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morreii, Myers, Negley,
Newsham, O'Neill, Orth, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Pom-
eroy. Porter, Rainey, Sanford, Sawyer, Lionel A.
Sheldon. John A.Smith, William J. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stevenson, Strickland, Strong,
Sypher, Taffe, Taylor, Townsend, Twiehell, Tyner,
Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wallace, William B. Wash-
burn, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Winans, and Witeh-
er—84.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Armstrong, Axtell, Ayer.
Barnum. Beaman, Benjamin. Benton, Booker. Bow-
en, Boyd, Buck, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Calkin,
Cleveland, Cook, Cox, Darrall, Dickinson, Nathan
F.Dixon,Dyer, Eldridge, Fitch, Getz, Haight, Hale,
Hambleton, Hamilton, Alexander H. Jones. Kel-
logg, Knott. Laflin, Logan, Jesse H. Moore, Morcy,
Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen.Niblack, Packard, Wil-
liam W. Paine, Poland, Rogers, Roots, Sargent,
Porter Sheldon, Sloeura, Stone, Sweeney, Tillman,
Upson, Voorhees, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Whiteley, Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson, Wolf,
Woodward, and Young—60.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, said: I de-
sire to state that Mr. J OSES, my colleague, has
been called home on account of sickness in
his family.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I desire to state
that Mr. Cook, of Illinois, is detained from
tha House by illness.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
go back to line thirty-nine of this bill, for the
purpose of moving an amendment which was
omitted when that portion was reached. Gen -
tlemen will see that these expenditures ought
to J)e made immediately; but as the bill now
stands they cannot be made till after July.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. To what part
of the bill does the gentleman refer?
Mr. DAWES. That relating to the State
Department. I move to add to the clauses
under the head of " State Department" "and
the foregoing appropriations are hereby made
available immediately upon the passage of this
act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The House resumed the consideration of
the following paragraph :
For payment of the necessary expenses incurred
in defending suits against the Secretary of the
Treasury, or his agents, for the seizure of captured
or abandoned property, and for the defense of the
United States in respect of such property in the
Court of Claims, to be expended under the direction
of the Attorney General, $00,000.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend by in-
serting after the words "captured or aban-
doned property" "and for the examination of
witnesses On claims against the United States
pending in any Department."
Mr. DAWES. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend by inserting
after the pending paragraph the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, directed, without delay, to pay to the lawful
owners, or their legal representatives, the proceeds
arising from the sales of all cotton seized in the pos-
session of rightful owners or their agents after the
30th day of June. 180a, which have since b'een cov-
ered into the Treasury; sueh seizures being made
after the surrender of the armies of the rebellion and
after the issuing of the President's proclamations
declaring that insurrection no longer existed, and
removing all restrictions upon commercial inter-
course; and said proceeds having been paid into the
Treasury in violation of the Treasury regulations
which required that they should be returned to tlio
owners.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order
that this amendment proposes to change exist-
ing law, and is not in.order on an appropria-
tion bill.
