786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
The joint resolution was read. It declares
that the United States surrender, abandon,
and release, in favor of Mary A. Elliott, all
right or claim they may have by reason of any
escheat, to lot No. 11 in square No. 408, in the
city of Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. RANDALL. Is there a report in the
case ?
Mr. KERR. Yes, sir. I ask that it be
printed in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
it will be so ordered.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The report is as follows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to which was
referred the memorial of Mary A. Elliott for certain
relief, having had the same under consideration,
respectfully report:
That in the year 1826 one George Hadfield, a nat-
uralized citizen of the United States, rosiding in the
city of Washiugton, District of Columbia, died intes-
tate, seized, and possessed of a certain lot of ground
in said city, known as lot 11, in square 406, leaving
no heirs in this country capable of inheriting from
liim, but leaving1 two sisters in England. Subse-
quently William Elliott, late of said city and Dis-
trict. in pursuance of tho written request of one of
the intestate's sisters, and atter public and full notice
and advertisement in the National Intelligencer,
did, on the 11th of October, 1827, cause said real
estate to be sold at public auction to the highest bid-
der and bccamo himself the purchaser, and trans-
mitted the proceeds of the sale, less the expenses
of the same, to the sister aforesaid; and on October
21,1830, he conveyed the said lot to Will him P. Elliott,
now deceased, who was, at the time of his death, the
husband of the memorialist. About tho same time
said real estate was sold in the name of George Had-
field's heirs for non-payment of taxes due to the
corporation of said city, which had accrued before
the conveyance to William i\ Elliott; and at this tax
sale Mr.Elliott becametho purchaser, and afterward
obtained a proper deed from said corporation there-
for.
femcc the sale of said real estate, on October 11,
1827, said William Elliott, William P. Elliott, and
the memorialist have successively, under title as
aforesaid, been m continued, undisturbed, adverse,
and exclusive control, possession, and enjoyment of
the same, a period of over forty-three years. And
the memorialist, as the widow of said William P.
Elliott, and as owner, under the titles aforesaid, is
now in like possession thereof.
Tier title is not questioned upon any ground of
disloyalty, liability to confiscation, or other reason
arising out of or having any connection with the
late rebellion, and could not be, because she and all
her family were at all times true and faithful to the
Government of tho United States. But an action in
the name of tho United States, at the instance of
Philip Phillip* and John Seldon, esqs., attorneys
at law, is now pending in the supreme court of the
District of Columbia, in ejectment, to recover said
real estate from tho memorialist, together with the
rents and profits of thesnme, on tho alleged ground
that the property escheated to tho United States at
the date of the death of the said George Hadlield,
intestate, and without heirs capable of inheriting
from him under the laws of said District. It is
against this action and tho claim of the Government
made therein that tho memorialist prays for relief.
It is the opinion of your committee that equity and
justice demaud that she should bo awarded such
relief. This opinion is entertained by your com-
mittee without reference to the quostion whether a
technical escheat has intervened by reason of the
facts or not. Tho committee believe that under the
circumstance, if said rc l estate did escheat, the
Government ought to waive and forever release its
claim in favor of the memorialist. The enforce-
ment of such a claim, under like circumstances, in
favor of tho Government is believed to have no
example in our history. It is demanded by no con-
sideration or principle of public policy.
J3esid<p the action, U not instituted in the usual
way, and for the benefit of the United States aloue.
Itis commenced and prosecuted primarily by Messrs.
Phillips and Selden, the attorneys aforesaid, under
an alleged agreement between them and the Treas-
ury Department giving them a moiety of the recov-
ery, and was madoupoa the authority of the follow-
ing enactment:
Joint resolution to enable tho Secretary of the
Treasury to collect wrecked and abandoned prop-
erty, derelict claims, and dues belonging to the
Umtcd State**.
Jjg it rchohw} bv fftc&:nutc and home of licpresenfct-
tloev oj the United St'it en of America in Coaorex* avsctu-
Ued, That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
nuthoiized to make such contracts and provisions
as he may deem most advantageous for the interests
of the Government, for the preservation, sale, or col-
lection of any pioperfy, or the proceeds thereof,
which may have been wrecked, abandoned, or be-
'•nine dcrchct, being within the jurisdiction of the
United States, and which ought to come to the Uni-
ted State.", or any moneys, dues, and other interests
lately in tho^ possesion of or due to the so-oalled
confederate State*, or their agents, and now belong-
ing to the United States, which are now withheld or
retained by any person, corporation, orsaunicipalifcy
whatever, and whicli ought io have eotae into the
possession and custody of, or been collected or re-
ceived by, the United States; and in such contracts
to allow such compensation to any person giving
information thereof, or who shall actually preserve,
collect, surrender, or pay over tho same, as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may deem just and reason-
able : Provided, That no cost or claim, of whatever
name or nature, shall become chargeable to the
United States in so obtaining, preserving, collecting,
receiving, or making available property, debts, dues,
or interests, which shall not be paid from such
moneys as shall be realized and rec.eived from the
property so collected, under each specific agreement.
Approved, June 21, 1870. # .
It is the clear opinion of your committee that this
enactment was not intended to embrace and does
not legally extend to cases'or claims of the kind in-
dicated in said memorial; and this is believed now to
be the judgmentof the Secretary of the Treasury and
of the attorney of the United States for the District
of Columbia; and the latter official has indorsed on
the memorial the following:
January 5,1871.
I heartily recommend that the relief prayed for"
in the foregoing petition of Mrs. Mary A. Elliott be
granted.
GEORGE P. FISHER,
United States Attorney, District of Columbia.
And here it may be observed that the memorialist
is a widowed lady, advanced in years, with six chil-
dren, and of but limited means; and to deprive her
of her property in the name of the United States
would, in tne opinion of your committee, be an act
of the grossest injustice.
In conclusion, therefore, your committee recom-
mend the passage of thejointresolutionfor the relief
of the memorialist.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES T. JOHNSTON.
Mr. KERR also, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a joint resolution (EL U.
No. 473) for the relief of James T. Johnston ;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution empowers and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to James
T. Johnston, of Alexandria, Virginia, without
interest, the proceeds of the sale for taxes due
to the Government of lot No. 1G3 on Prince
street, Alexandria, less all taxes, costs, and
legal charges, the said sale having been made
by the tax commissioners of the United States
under the laws for the collcetion of direct
taxes.
Mr. KERR. * I ask that the report of the
committee on this subject be printed in the
Globe.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
it will be so ordered.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The report is as follows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to which was
referred the memorial of James T. Johnston, and
House bill No, 2187, for his relief, have had the Fame
under consideration, and respectfully report that—
The memorialist is a citizen of Virginia, and has
been for more than thirty years last past, and is a
minister of tho Episcopal church, over sixty years
of age, and the evidence accompanying his memo-
rial conclusively shows that he was at all times dur-
ing the late war fa'thful and loyal to the United
States. In 1861, by force of circumstanccs not neces-
sary to be detailed here, he was compelled to leave
his home in Alexandria and go to the interior of
Virginia, and not long thereafter to remove to
Chester, South Carolina, where ho remained until
tho cessation of hostilities, having meanwhile made
numerous ineffectual efforts to obtain permission to
enter the Union lines.
At the commencement of the war he was the owner
of lot No. 16.-$ Prince street, Alexandria, Virginia.
Under the acts of Cougress of August 5,1861, Feb-
ruary 6,1863, and June 7,1862, imposing a direct tax
on the States of the Union, and prescribing the man-
ner of its collection in States in rebellion, his said
real estato becamc subjcct to the payment of a tax
of $43 09. For the non-payment of this tax the com-
missioners, on January 11,1861, sold his property at
public auction, and it was purchased by Hon. L. E.
Chittenden for the sum of $4,325, which was paid
into tho Treasury of the United States. Being con-
vinced of the truth of tho foregoing facts, and of the
meritorious character of the memorialist, Mr. Chit-
tenden, on repaymentto him of the purchase-money,
reconv^yed the prppcrty to Mr, Johnston; but be-
fore this was doiie Mr. Johnston made a formal
application to the commissioners for permission to
redeem his property on payment ox the taxes and
costs under the law. This application was overruled
by them because it was not made within one year
after the date of the sale. It was made, however,
within two years after the sale; yet is was overruled
by them because it was notshown that the applicant
was " beyond seas," and therefore unable to make it
earlier.
It is provided in section seven of the act of Juno
7,1862, "that if the owner of said lots of ground shall
be a minor, a non-resident alien, a loyal citizen
beyond seas, a person of unsound mind or under a
legal disability, the guardian, trustee, or other per-
son having charge of the person or estate of such
person may redeem the same at any time within two
years after the sale thereof, in tho manner ahovc
provided, and with the like effect." (U. S.Statutes-
at-Large. vol.J12, pages 424 and 641.)
The evidence in this case satisfactorily establishes
the fact that although Mr. Johnston was not liter-
ally "beyond seas," yet he was, by circumstances
beyond his control, by his poor situation and condi-
tion in life, and by the condition of public affairs,
kept and compelled to remain beyond the jurisdic-
tion and limits of Virginia, so that his inability, his
disability to sive earlier attention to his property,
was as real and substantial as if he had in fact been
at the time " beyond seas/' As soon os he could,
under the circumstances, return to Virginia and
give tjie needful attention to his property and take
steps to secure it against sale for taxes, he did so.
Besides, it would not be a strained construction
of the law to hold that the terms " beyond seas" do
not necessarily require a literal absence from the
continent, but may, in a case like this, be held only
to mean beyond the limits and jurisdiction of the
State of Virginia. In many States tho same pro-
vision has been construed judicially to mean with-
out the limits of tho State, (3 Wheat. R., 511;) and
the same construction prevails in Maryland, (1 liar.
& John. R.,350:) and m several other States, (2Mc-
Cord R., 331; 3 Mass. R., 271; 1 Pick. R„ 263; 3 Bibb
R.. 510.)
Without expressing an opinion whether this pre-
cise construction should be applied to the language
in question, your committee are of opinion that,
under the peculiar circumstances of this case, the
law should be liberally constiued in favor of the
memorialist. It would be grossly unjust to enforce
tho law with such harshness in eases of this kind.
It is not required by the public welfare, or by any
considerations of public policy. The liberal inter-
pretation of this law is fully justified bv the decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States in Ben-
nett vs. Hunter. (9 Wallace R., p. 333.)
The prayer of your memorialist is that the said
S4,3J5, for which his property sold, less all taxes,
costs, and lcsal expenses or charges, be repaid to
him out of the Treasury.
In conclusion, and in view of all thpsc facts and
considerations above mentioned, your committee
think that justice requires that the prnyer of the
memoriali«t bo granted; and we thereforo recom-
mend the passage of the following bill as a substitute
for Jlouse bill .No. 2187.
Mr. KELSEY. I think this bill ought to
go the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. Does tlie gentleman make
that point of order?
Mr. KELSEY. I do. The bill contains an
appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The bill is an appropria-
tion bill; and if the gentleman insists on the
point of order it must go to the Committee of
the Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. KERR. ^ I hope the gentleman will not
insist on his point of order.
Mr. KELSEY. I must insist on the point.
The SPEAKER. The bill goes to the Com-
mittee of the Whole On the Private Calendar.
IIEIUS OF ABRAHAM LIVINGSTON.
Mr. BOYD, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported adversely upon the
petition of the legal representatives of Abra-
ham Livingston lor money advanced by him
during the revolutionary war; which was laid
on the table.
HEIRS OF COLONEL SAMUEL HOMMISNEL.
Mr. BOYD also, from the same committee,
reported adversely upon the petition of the
heirs of Colonel Samuel Hommenel, asking
for commutation pay, &c.j which was laid on
the table.
IIBTRS OF MAJOR JOHN KIPLKY.
Mr. BOYD also, from the same committee,
reported adversely upon the application of the
heirs of Major John Ripley for commutation
pay for services in tho Revolution ; whiuli was
laid on the table.
■WILLIAM II. JtBAIi.
Mr, BOYD also, from the same committee,
reported adversely upon the petition of Wil-
liam H. Reab, claiming pay due for services
