APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Southern Pacific Railroad—Mr. Biggs.
41st Cong 3d Sess.
might be produced in this great cotton-field of
the world, for such it is destined to be. Add
to this the untold wealth that lies buried in the
range of iron hills, which are fifty miles in
width where they enter the State at Bowie,
Davis, Marion, Harrison, and Panola counties
on the east, and stretch from Ked river across
northeastern and middle Texas to the Colorado
liver. Their hills are covered with luxurious
forests most of the way, and abound in such
quantities and richness of iron ore as to form
a striking topographical feature of the coun-
try. the center of which is to be penetrated by
this road. It will give employment, in the
coming time, to many thousand laborers. The
day is not far distant when the roar of the fur-
nace will break the stillness of night and red-
den the heavens with their glare in this long
neglected region. These great cotton-fields
hold beneath the surface inexhaustible beds
of coal and rich mines of copper and lead.
Silver is known 10 abound in many counties of
the northwest; but the unrelenting hand of the
Indian is there, and deters the daring pros-
pector from its grasp.
Here are salt springs and lakes, here never-
failing crops of all the fruits save those pecu-
liar to the tropics may be produced ; here the
sun's genial rays are never dispelled or his
fullness of heat too feebly lavished ; .here the
gentle vivifying showers of heaven are never
withheld, and the forked lightning burns up
the poisonous gas. This vast region is but
sparsely settled. These prairies are dotted
here and there by rude dwellings, but they are
but the skirmishers of the grand army of emi-
grants wailing for transportation to this favored
country. Passing beyond El Paso on the Rio
Grande, we enter New Mexico, in that region
ltnown as the Lost mountains of the great
West. This region is a vast extended plain,
made up of a series of smooth slopes con-
verging to several central depressions or
basins, from which abruptly rise precipitous
and rugged ridges and peaks.
Apparently without system their peaks have
a twofold character; they are both the term-
inal spurs of the Rocky mountain system,
which forms the boundary on the west of the
Rio Grande valley of New Mexico, and the
inception of the great snow-capped Sierra
Mad re of New Mexico. This valley is the
connecting link between these two mountain
chains, and divides the waters of the Gulf of
Mexico, and are the main watershed of the
Continent.
This plain affords a route of transit between
the two great oceans, upon which floats the
commerce of the world, at an elevation not
exceeding forty-six hundred feet, the lowest yet
discovered. Over this extended plain herds
of countless cattle and horses have roamed
untrairnneled for more than half a century,
the pride of the patriarchal ranchero "and
princely padre." In the early spring months
many-colored flowers, intermingled with the
grasses, give these plains an Eden-like aspect.
The character of the country from the San
Pedro river to the Pacific coast, traversed by
this line, is twofold, the river bottoms are
alluvial and exceedingly fertile, and by irri-
gation will yield bountiful crops of grain, fruit,
and vegetables. The soil of the uplands are
also rich ; but owing to the want of rain at the
proper season and the scarcity of water they
are not available for agricultural purposes, but
are well adapted to grazing and stock raising.
* In the broad valley of the Gila the richness
of the soil is fully attested by the crops raised
by the Indians. In the lower parts of this
valley there are vast fields of ruins, evidences
ot irrigating-canals, which prove conclusively
that this valley once supported a large popu-
lation. As to water and timber, the supply
along this line is ample and sufficient, and in
many places in great abundance.
Between the Rio Grande and the Pacific
coast, along this line gold and silver have been
found in great abundance, but the roving
bands of wild Apaches, who dwell in these
mountain passes, nave hitherto defied the pros-
pector, though goaded on by the love of the
shining metals. There is no doubt that this
section of country acquired by the treaty is as
rich in the precious metals as California. This
line is free from snow and ice and mountain
slides. The snow-shed and the snow-plow will
never be required on this route. It is of all
others the line across the continent.
And now, Mr. Speaker, having shown the
great advantages of this route, we come before
this House to ask what? Notmeasureformeas-
ure of the public domain to aid us in building
this road as has been given to the Union Pacific
and Northern lines, but the same land grants
per mile from El Paso to San Diego as were
given to that road. In the former case the
grant was for seventeen hundred and twenty-
four miles. We ask this grant but for eight
hundred and two miles, less than one half of
the lands given to the Union Pacific.
The right of way with this grant, is all we
ask. We ask no subsidy in the way of Gov-
ernment bonds. And yet we find that $16,000
per mile for five hundred and twenty-four miles
on the plains, $48,000 per mile for three hun-
dred miles in the mountains, and $32,000 per
mile for the remaining nine hundred miles, of
Government bonds, bearing interest at six per
cent, annually, with thirty years to run, were
issued to the Union Pacific in addition to the
subsidies of land, and the provisions in the
original charter giving the Government a lien
of first mortgage bonds was changed to a lien
of second mortgage bonds, and this amend-
atory act was rushed through this House, as
shown by the journal of the lamented Thaddeus
Stevens, and yeas and nays and tellers were
refused. I do not mean to complain of this
action, although the endowments to that cor-
poration were the most munificent ever made
by any Government to a private enterprise,
but I do mean to keep it before the people that
what we are asking for the Southwest falls
far short of what has been done for the
Northwest. We cannot, therefore, present
our claims upon the grounds of equal rights,
but upon the high grounds of simple justice.
Our friends in some of the western States,
it appears, have been seized with a "frenzy
of virtue" and a fostering care for posterity,
and have passed resolutions against all grants
of the public lands. If they will but read the
special report of the Commissioner of Educa-
tion they will see the tale of their own blind-
ness and folly there written out as with a pen
of fire. To them I commend especially a more
thorough system of education.
Mr. Speaker, when this great work shall
be consummated; when the vast plains shall
tremble beneath the strokes of the iron horse;
when evei-y foot of our waste and idle land
shall be cultivated; when the bowels of the
earth shall give up their hidden treasure; when
the red man no longer seeks the blood of his
pale-faced neighbor; when the waters of Vir-
ginia, North and South Carolina, that now roll
idly down to the sea, shall set in motion ten
thousand spools and spindles to be fed from
the great cotton fields of the Southwest, and
we have passed as a nation from infancy to
ripe manhood; when the temple of our liber-
ties shall overshadow the whole world, then
it will still be time enough to provide for pos-
terity.
Sir, the old order of things has passed away
and the march of the great army of progress
is onward. Already the oriental commerce is
crowding to our shores, and it is ours to put
forth our hands and our power with the nations
of the earth for trade and traffic, and lead the
van. With this great work we open the doors
of our hidden treasures. We bring to our land
the poor and oppressed of the world. We offer
them such rewards for their labor that they are
soon enriched. We educate their children in
the Christian faith, and we push forward the
great work assigned us of spreading the Gospel
to all the nations of the earth in the mission-
aries we shall convert from their own ranks.
Sir, I believe that as a nation we are but an
instrument in the hands of Him who sitteth
upon the throne of thrones, to Christianize
the people of the earth. And when we have
gathered tens of thousands of those now man-
tled in ignorance to our borders, and have
taught them the beauties of holiness, they will
go back and spread the glad news in their
native lands; and when the eternal records
shall be opened, at the gathering of all
nations, "America" will be written in dia-
mond and gold far, far above all the countries
of earth.
Southern Pacific Railroad.
SPEECH OF HON. B. T. BIGGS,
of delaware,
Ix the House or Representatives,
February 21, 1871,
On the bilf (S. JSfo. 687) to incorporate the Texas
Pacific railroad, and to aid in the construction of
its road, and for other purposes.
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, it is the first
step which costs in political crime as well as
in that which is private or personal. Once
taken, the fatal precedent always pleads there-
alter. It is the plea of those who rob the
Treasury that others have done so before.
Those who have given regions as large as
States to railway corporations plead the petty
case of the grant of comparatively valueless
lands to the Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany. Those who clothed the Central Pacific
with vast powers in land, by which money
could be raised and bonds negotiated, found,
of course, a justification for making like large
grants to the Northern Pacific, and they aid
the like of them find, in the two preceding
cases, justification for extraordinary grants to
the Southern Pacific railway. This bill, sir,
provides for the giving away of thousands of
acres more of the public lands.
But this last, forsooth, in the language of the
party that is stretching the Constitution so as
to make it cover all cases of legislation under
the clause concerning the "general welfare,"
is regulating commerce, or the like phrase-
ology. This last case, I hear it whispered, is
the only one at this session, or any other ses-
sion, which is to have favorable action. None
ot the whole coil or brood of railway serpents
that came from the Senate last session are to
be passed. That may be for the time, just
as you have heretofore kept down regular or
annual appropriations, to make a false pre-
tense of economy before the country, but sub-
sequently made large appropriations in the way
of deficiency bills, which for this purpose at
this session amount to many million dollars.
So it will be hereafter with the numerous
railway grants of public lands if the Radical
party be in full possession of power. There
is nothing to stop them except action based
upon principle and in the interest of all the
people, in accordance with the intended guards
and guarantees of the Constitution, an instru-
ment framed by the fathers, who hewed their
way to independence through blood, for the
purpose of establishing a plain system of gen-
eral government by recognizing fully and com-
pletely the rights of States.
Now, that we have gone so far in destroying
the State system by countless departures from
it, under pretenses of their necessity for war
purposes, it might be supposed that the return
