1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1613
Indian appropriation bill be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
SUNDItV CIVIL BILL.
The P ouse resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. II. No. 3G01) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1872, and
for other purpose?.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. I move
to farther amend this bill by inserting after the
amendment last adopted the following:
■ To pay T. F. McEIroy the balanceduo for printing
journal of house and council of Washington Ter-
ritory, session of 1865and 18G6of Legislature thereof,
$875 61.
For amount to pay Charles Prosch for printing for
legislative Assembly of Washington Territory, ses-
sion of 1867 and 1868, §974 45.
The chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations [Mr. Dawes] has consented to have
this amendment offered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I move to further
amend this bill by inserting after the amend-
ment last adopted the following:
To pay for incidental printing for the Territory of
Idaho the amount found due to Frank lvenyon,
$4,80131.
I ask the Clerk to read a letter from the
Comptroller of the Treasury.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Coiiftbollek's Office, January 31,1871.
Sir: On.final examination of tho accounts and
claims of Frank ICenyon for printing laws and jour-
nals of the Territory of Idaho, for incidental print-
ing for the same and for paper, there has been found
due him the sum of $4,801 38, after deducting all
moneys heretofore paid to and for him. There is,
however, no appropriation out of which this sum
can be paid, and I respectfully request that Con-
gress be asked to make the appropriation.
Very respectfully, itc.,
WILLIAM HEMPniLL JONES,
Acting Comptroller.
lion. Gkoiige S. Boutwell,
Secretary of the Treasury.
The amendment was .agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
United States court?:
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme Court
and circuit and district courts of the United States,
including the District of Columbia, and also for
jurors and witnesses, in aid of the funds arising
from fines, penalties, and forfeitures iu the fiscal
year ending June 80, 1872, and previous years, and
likewise for defraying the expenses of suits in which
the United States are concerned, and of prosecuting
offenses committed against the United States, anu
for the safe-keeping of prisoners, $2,030,000.
Mr. KERR. I move to amend the paragraph
just read by striking out "82,000,000" and in-
serting in lieu thereof I:$1,0Q0,000." I am
utterly nnable to understand for what purpose
this enormous appropriation is to be made in
connection with the courts of the United
States; I am unable to understand upon what
it is based. But I find upon the face of this
paragraph evidence that some of this money
is to be used for precisely the same purposes
for which other sums have been already given
in other portions of the bill.
I wish to call the attention of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] in
charge of this bill to the fact that a part of
this $2,000,000 is to be applied Jtodefray the
expenses of suits in which the United States
are concerned, for prosecuting offenses against
the United States, and for the keeping of pris-
oners in prisons. So far as this relates to the
payment of expenses incurred in suits to which
the United States is a party, I would call the
attention of the House to the fact that on page
6 of this bill are the following paragraphs:
For payment of the necessary expenses incurred
in defending suits aKuiu&t tho Secretary of the Treas-
ury, or his agents, tor the seizure of captured or ah.in-
doned property, arid for the dt-fen^o ot tho United
States in rcspeet ot' ftieh property in the Court ot
Claims, to bo expended under tho direction ot the
Attorney Generul, # .
JFor expenses to be incurred iu the prosecution ana
collection of elaimsdue the United States, to be dis-
bwrmi under the direction of the Attorney General,
Now, I ask the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes] to explain
why it is that so large an appropriation for the
purpose indicated iu this paragraph is needed
at this time.
Mr. DAWES. There are a variety of causes
that have tended to this result. One is that
we have increased the compensation of jurors
to three dollars a day, which, in the aggregate,
amounts to a large sum. The next is that
the support of these courts has depended in
part upon fines and forfeitures.
Mr. KERR. The information which I desire
will perhaps be given by a detailed statement
of the basis upon which this aggregate is made
up. Can the gentleman present to the House
any such statement?
Mr. DAWES. Accompanying the estimates
of the Secretary of the Treasury we have pre-
sented to us in a note the following informa-
tion :
There was a balance to the credit of this appro-
priation on the 30th of June,1870, of $768,222 07,arising
mostly from fines, penalties, and forfeitures inuring
under the internal revenue laws during the years
1866, 1867, and 1868, but which were not credited
to the fund at the proper dates. An estimate for
only $1,200,000 was made for the service of the pres-
ent fiscal year. A3 with the amount to be credited
for fines, penalties, and forfeitures accruing dur-
ing the last fiscal year, that amount and the balance
were deemed sufficient. The estimate for the next
fiscal year is larger, as it is not expected that there
will be much if any balance to the credit of the fund
on the 30th of June next, and the expenses of the
courts will be largely increased by the act of July
15, 1870, increasing the compensation of jurors to
three dollars per day. Additional courts have also
been created, adding thereby to the expense of this
branch of the service.
Those are theitems which have caused the in-
crease from the original estimate of $1,200,000
for last year to $2,000,000 this year.
Mr. KERR. Is this amount of $>2,000,000
now proposed to be appropriated in addition
to the $700,000 arising from fines, penalties,
and forfeitures?
Mr. DAWES. Seven hundred thousand
dollars was the estimated amount of the fines
and penalties ; but they are not yet available
and will not be until they are paid into the
Treasury. When they shall have been paid
in they will go to this fund.
Mr. KERR. And then this fund will be
still further increased by that amount ?
Mr. DAWES. It will.
Mr. KERR. So that the aggregate may
reach $2,700,000?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir; and such has been
the amount of expenditure in prosecutions
under the internal revenue law and other
prosecutions arising under our legislation
since the war, that every year this amount
has been increasing, while the fines and pen-
alties which have come into the Treasury have
not increased correspondingly. In addition to
that we have increased the pay of almost every
official in our courts, especially the jurors.
This explains a large part of the increase.
Mr. KERR. Why is it, then, that in line
one hundred and ninety-two we find the same
language that is used in line one hundred and
thirty-one, in reference to expenses of such
proceedings before the courts ?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will see that
the phraseology is not the same. The clause
in lines one hundred and twenty-six to one
hundred and thirty-one, inclusive, applies
specially to what are called the cotton cases.
The clause in lines one hundred and thirty-
two to one hundred and thirty-five applies to
another special class of claims due to the
United States. The aggregate to which the
gentleman has called attention. embraces the
whole range of expense of our judicial system
except the salaries ot the judges.
Mr. KKRR. 1 wish so inquire of the chair-
man ot' the committee wluit is the largest,
appropriation which has heretofore been made
for this purpose iu any one bill. I want to
ascertain the amount of previous appropria-
tions for this branch of the service.
Mr. DAWES. The regular appropriation was
$1,200,000. Sometimes it has been $1,500,000.
The gentleman doubtless observed that in the
deficiency bill we had an item, the exact
amount of which is not.now in my mind,
designed to make up the deficit of the appro-
priation of §>1,200,000.
Mr. KERR. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. There is one
point for which I wish to ask the consideration
ot the House and the attention of the chairman
of. the committee. These very large appro-
priation's for the judiciary, running up from
$300,000, which I think was the amount when
I first came into Congress, to now nearly three
millions, have become so great as to excite the
attention of the country; and there is among
the people a suspicion that this money is often
used, for illegitimate purposes, and not those
relating to the judiciary. In order to do away
in part with this impression in the public mind,
I move to amend by adding after this appro-
priation of $2,000,000 the following:
Provided. That none of. this money shall be used
instate elections or in elections within the States.
Is there any objection to this proposition ?
Mr. KELSEY. Is there any necessity for it ?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] calls the attention of the
House to the fact that these appropriations for
the judiciary of the country have increased
vastly since he came into Congress. I ask
him to take his mind back to the time when
he came into Congress. What is the country
now compared with what it was in 1850?
What is the extent of country, what is the
extent of business of the country, compared
with what it was then? The gentleman for-
gets how this country has grown in every
department of industry and in every enter-
prise and in every pursuit. The whole, system
of internal taxation has risen up since then.
All the litigation in reference to whisky frauds,
and all the litigation in reference to the viola-
tion of other laws enacted since then, all grow-
ing out of that unsettled state of the country
which has arisen since that day—all of these
have to be provided for under this appropri-
ation. I am reminded that there are more
than five thousand suits pending iu the city of
New York to-day.
My friend from New York does not propose
to dwarf the country to the condition of things
which existed in 1850 or about that time, when
he came into public life. The business of the
country has grown. The gentleman himself has
grown. The whole legislation has increased.
It was never greater than now; but it is not
greater than then in expense of the Govern-
ment if we take into consideration the increase
of the country in almost every respect.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I did not
intend to make an attack on any particular
item of appropriation, but simply to call atten-
tion to the facts which we have before us.
Here is one bill appropriating $33,000,000 for
civil expenses, when an Administration in our
earlier days has turned out of office for having
expended §12,000,000 under all the appropri-
ation bills. Our population is not growing as
fast as our appropriations. If it had, then,
instead of having a population of thirty-nine
millions we would have a population of one
hundred millions of people. Then population
would be in proportion to the amount of money
expended. What I rose for was to limit, as far
as possible, by the proviso which I have sub-
mitted, that none of this appropriation should
be used in elections in the States; but that
it should be confined exclusively to judicial
purposes.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
30, noes CO: no quorum voting.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
