1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
of George Reab during the revolutionary war;
which was laid on the table.
POLLY FINLEY.
Mr. AMBLER, from the same committee,
reported ad versely upon the petition of Polly
Fmley,daughterofCaplain Nehemiah Stokely,
for relief, on account of the services of her
father during the revolutionary war; which
■was laid on the table.
WILLIAM HOSE.
Mr. AMBLER also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely upon the petition of
William Rose for relief; which was laid on
the table.
ItEIRS OF GERARD WOOD, DECEASED.
Mr. A MBLER also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back adversely the papers in
relation to the claim of the heirs of Gerard
Wood, deceased ; and the same were laid on
the table.
JOHN GKEGG.
Mr. BOYD, from the same committee, re-
ported back adversely the papers in the case
of the heirs of John Gregg, deceased; and the
same were laid on the table.
JOHN* T. PARKER.
Mr. BOYD also, from the same committee,
reported back adversely the papers in the case
of John T. Parker and others for pension; and
the same were laid on the table.
3t\TU,I)A BAllRKTT, OF VIRGINIA.
Mr. BOYD also, from the same committee,
reported back adversely the papers in the case
of Matilda Barrett, of Fredericksburg, Vir-
ginia; and the same were laid on the table.
ARCHIBALD C. CRAltY.
Mr. PROSSER, from the same committee,
reported back adversely the papers in the case
of Archibald G. Crary ; and the same were laid
on the table.
JOHN COLTMAN, DECEASED.
Mr. McNEBLY, from the same committee,
reported back adversely the papers in the case
of John Coltman, deceased; and the same
were laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. McNEELY, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House of the papers in the case of John
Coltman, deceased.
MRS. M. M. STICKNEY.
Mr. STOUGIITON, from the same com-
mirtf'P, reported back adversely the papers in
the case of Mrs. M. M. Stickney, for half pay
alleged to be due her father up to the time
•-if his death ; and the same were laid on the
table.
ADDITIONAL MORNING HOUR.
Mr. BOYD. Mr. Speaker, some of the
members of the committee who have reports
to make are not present, and I ask unanimous
consent that we shall have a morniug hour on
the second Tuesday of February next.
The SPEAKER. Adverse or favorable
reports?
Mr. BOYD. Both.
The SPEAKER. The committee will again
be called this session, and the motion is unne-
cessary.
socnnYESTEitsr IRON COMPANY.
Mr. WELKER, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported back a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 17) authorizing the sale
of the Chattanooga rolling mill property at
Chat tauooga, Tennessee, to the Southwestern
Iron Company, with the recommendation that
it do pass.
The preamble to the joint resolution recites
that the United States, on the oih of Octo-
ber, 18G3, did, in consideration of the sum of
$175,000, lease to John A. Spooner, ot Ply-
mouth, Massachusetts., his legal represent-
atives and assigns, all the property known
as tb© United States military rolling-mill, in
Chattanooga, State of Tennessee, and all the
buildings, tools, machinery, fixtures, furniture,
equipments, and appurtenances connected
therewith, together with a railroad track con-
necting said mill with the Nashville and Chat-
tanooga railroad, for two years from the date
of said lease, with the further agreement con-
tained in said lease that the United States
would, upon the request of.said John A.
Spooner, his legal representatives or assigns,
sell, transfer, and convey said mill, build-
ings, machinery, and other property thereby
leased, by good and sufficient deed and abso-
lute title, to the said John A. Spooner, his
legal representatives and assigns, to his or
their own use; and that the said John A.
Spooner has assigned his interest in said lease
to the Southwestern Iron Company, and the
said Southwestern Iron Company have re-
quested the United States to convey the said
mill, buildings, machinery, &e., to the said
Southwestern Iron Company. It is then
resolved that the Secretary of War be, and
he is hereby, authorized, in consideration of
the amount already paid, to make, execute,
and deliver all needful instruments, convey-
ing and transferring all the right, title, and
interest of the United States in and to the
Chattanooga rolling mill, the buildings, tools,
machinery, fixtures, furniture, equipments, and
appurtenances connected therewith, together
with the railroad track connecting said mill
with the Nashville and Chattanooga railroad,
to the Southwestern Iron Company.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask a question of the gentleman who has
this measure in charge, why does it require
the sale by the United States to the South-
western Iron Company? Why not let the
United States sell at public auction to whom-
soever will give the most money for it?
Mr. WELKER. I will reply to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Sir. Butler] that
it was sold by the Quartermaster General after
having given public notice shortly after the
close of the war, and that Spoonsr was the
highest bidder. And I have a letter of the
Quartermaster General stating that it was sold
by advertisement to the highest bidder, and
that the purchase-money has been paid.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me. If I understood the resolution, the prop-
erty was leased to Spooner, and the price was
what at the close of the war would be a fair
price. I do not understand'what right the
Quartermaster General has to sell the laud;
and what would be a fair price at the close of
the war would not be half a fair price now.
Mr. WELKER. I will explain to the gen-
tleman that the sale assumed the form of a
lease, because it was supposed that the pur-
chaser might not be protected in an absolute
sale. The Quartermaster General made the
advertisement so as to effect the sale of the
entire interest, although it was executed in the
form of a lease, the sale to be eompleted on
the payment of $17o,000, the price tor which
Spooner purchased the property at public sale.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Has the
gentleman any objection to an amendment
which shall provide that it shall be sold at
public auction?
Mr, WELKER. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butleu] that
the property has already been sold by the
authority of the United States, and the pur-
chase money has already been paid, as I am
informed by the Quartermaster General.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then
what do von want to sell it over again for?
Mr. WELKER. We do not propose to sell
it over again. If the gentleman had paid at-
tention to the reading of the bill 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I did.
Mr. WELKER. He would have seen that
it simply authorizes the execution of the title
in pursuance of the former sale.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The Quar-
termaster General had no right to sell it>
Mr. WELIvER. I ask that the letter of the
Quartermaster General be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Quartermaster General's Office,
AVashisbtos, I). 0., March 31,1870.
Sir: I reply to your verbal questions as follows:
The Chattanooga rolling-mill was sold to J. A.
Spoonerafter public advertisement. Itwas awarded
to the best bid received, by approval of Secretary
Stanton on recommendation of the Quartermaster
General.
As the site was not the property of the United
States, the purchaser was informed that the United
States could not sell the land or guaranty him pos-
session of the mill built thereon (if the United States
parted with its property therein) after troops were
withdrawn. To avoid interference byany civil pro-
cess on the part of the owners of the land the con-
veyance took the form of lease of the Government
property, with proviso that a lull conveyance of all
United States title and interest in the mill should
be executed on the request, at any time within four
years, of the lessee or purchaser.
The money, $175,000, was paid. It was a good'sale,
and the purchaser should have a clcar conveyance
of all that the United States sold tor that money;
that is, the building, the machinery, &c.. specified
in the lease, not the land to which the United States
had no title.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
M. C. MEIGS,
Quartermaster General, Brev. Mvj. Gen., U. S. -t.
lion. Martin Wei.ker, M. C., Committee on Private
Land Claims, House of Representatives, Washing-
ton, J). G,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
Quartermaster General, Mr. Speaker, had any
power to make that sale, let him make the
title, instead of a title being now made by Con-
gress. I do not understand that the Quarter-
master General or the Secietary of War have
the right to sell a single building belonging to
the United States. The sale was wholly void
and unauthorized. And now, when the sate is
to be made. I only ask that it be put up to the
highest bidder. If $175,000 is enough for it,
the Southwestern Iron Company will get it.
If it is not enough, then somebody will pay
more. I am only seeking to protect, the Uni-
ted States. If anything has been paid, let it
be returned. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Wei.ker] himself has as much riglt to sell
the property as the Quartermaster General.
Mr. WELKER. The Quartermaster Gen-
eral made this sale under the same authority
under which a great deal of similar property
was sold in the southern States after the close
of the war. I do not myself know of any
especial authority for the Quartermaster Gen-
era] to make this sale other than the general
power that was exercised by officers to dispose
of the personal property that belonged to the
United States at the close of the war. The
object of this bill is to convey to this purchaser
the title to this property. It does not under-
take to sell any property, but merely to comply
with a sale made by the Quartermaster General
by authorizing a conveyance to be made for tlio
property. After having received the purchase-
money for this property, it seemed to the com-
mittee that it was right and proper that, hav-
ing used the purchase-money for the use of
the Government, Congress should carry out
the sale by authorizing the conveyance of this
property.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I do not think that Con-
gress ought to ratify this sale unless we have
some evidence that the property has been sold
for its real value. During the Fortieth Con-
gress the Committee on the Judiciary invest-
igated this question of the power of quarter-
masters to sell Government property, and it
was conceded on all hands, as will be seen by
reference to the report of the impeachment
investigation, that there was no authority to
make these sales at all. It is about time,
sir, that these usurpations should come to an
end, that they should come to grief; and I do
not think that we ought to ratity this or any
sale unless the committee say that they have
evidence that the property has been sold for
what is its value now, and that we cannot do
any better by putting up the property for sale
again.
Mr. WELKER. In reply to my colleague I
would say that the information communicated
