1614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
• The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 53, nays 107, not voting
80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer. Beck, Bethune,
Biggs, Bird, Booker, James Brooks, Burr, Conner,
Cox, Crebs. Box, Duke, Eldridge, Fox, Getz. Gibson,
Oriswold, Haight, Haldetnan. Ilambleton, Holman,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr. Lewis, Manning,
Marshall, Mayham. McCormick, MeNeely, Milnes,
Morgan, Mungen, Niblaek, Potter, Randall, Beeves,
Rice, Rogers, Schumaker, Shober, Joseph S. Smith,
Stiles, Stone, Strader, Swann, Trimble, Van Aukcn,
Voorhees, Winchester, and Wood—53.
NAYS —Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Arnell, Asper,
Ayer, Bailey. Barry, Beatty, Bingham, Blair, Boles,
George M. Brooks, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Batler, "William
T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton
L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cowles. Darrall. Dawes,
Degener, Dickey, Joseph Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon,
Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Ferriss, Ferry, Fink-
elnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Gilfillan. Harris, Hawkins,
Hays, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Jenckes, K el ley, Kelsey,
Lash, Lawrence, Long. Lynch, Maynard, McCrary,
McGrew, McKee, McKenzie, Mercur, Eliakiin 11.
Moore, Jesso H. Moore, William Moore. Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Negley, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Halbert E. Paine, Palmer, Peck,
Perce. Peters. Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Por-
ter, Rainey, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Sco-
field, John A. Smith, Starkweather, Stevenson,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner,
Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Van Horn,
William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Whitmore, Wil-
kinson, Willard, Williams. Winans, and Wolf—107.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, At-
wood, Axtcll, Banks, Barnum, Beaman, Benjamin,
Bennett, Benton, Bowen, Boyd, Buck, Buckley,
Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, Cleveland, Cook,
Corker, Callom, Dickinson, Dockery, Farnsworth,
Garfield, Hale, Hamill, Hamilton, Hawley, Hay,
lleflin, Hoge, Holmes, Hotehkiss, Ingersoll, Alex-
ander H. Jones, Jndd, Julian, Kellogg, Ketcham,
Knapp, Knott, Latlin, Logan, Loughridge, McCar-
thy, Morey. Morphis, Morrissey, Myers, Newsham,
William W. Paine, Price, Prosser, Shanks, Lionel
A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocum, Wil-
liam J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stevens,
Sweeney, Sypher, Tyner. Upson, Van Trump, Van
Wyck, Wallace, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Welker, Wells, Whiteley, Eugene M. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, Witcher, Woodward, and Young—80.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For rent of office of surveyor general of Califor-
nia, fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental
expenses, $7,000.
Mr. WILKIN-SON. I move to strike out
"seven" and insert "three," so as to make
it §3,000 instead of $7,000; and I do so for
the purpose of making an inquiry.
Mr. Speaker, there are provided in thi3 bill
some seventeen offices of surveyors general in
the United States, in the different States and
Territories, and the average appropriation for
each office is $2,000, some being less, except
in the case of the office of the surveyor gen-
eral of California. I should like to inquire of
the committee why it is that $7,000 should be
appropriated here and only $2,000 for the
other offices.
Mr. SARGENT. I think I can answer
satisfactorily the question of the gentleman
from Minnesota. I need scarcely allude to
the fact—of course it is known to the gentle-
man—that our State, while it is very large,
as large as any of the Territories, and much
larger than some of them, is much more
densely populated; consequently there is a
necessity for a wider range of surveys, em-
bracing not only the valleys but the mountains
of the State. This, of course, makes a great
deal of work.
And in addition to this we have thrust upon
this office the enormous labor of the surveys
of the Mexican land claims. We had a cc«i-
test over one of these surveys last week in the
discussion of a bill then before the House.
All this labor being peculiar to California
makes a necessity for a larger force.
Then again, most of these offices in the Ter-
ritories are located inthe smaller towns, where
the rents are low. But there is a necessity in
California that the surveyor general's office
shall be at that point where there is the^ best
communication from every part of the State,
because the surveys extend in all directions;
and if those who had business to do with the
office instead of going to San Francisco had
to go to some interior town it would be ex-
ceedingly inconvenient. San Francisco, the
commercial and business capital of the State,
is evidently the place where the office should
be situated. The higher expense is accounted
for by all these causes, and many more which
I might give if it was necessary to go further
in answering the question of the gentleman
from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson.]
I desire to say further that this item is not a
new one in this bill, nor much larger than form-
erly, and in view of the circumstances I have
referred to the gentleman must see that it is
not unnecessarily large. We find that survey-
ing proceeds slowly when there is parsimony
in making the appropriations. I believe, Mr.
Speaker, in making liberal appropriations for
the purpose of surveys, &c., because your pop-
ulation is continually projecting itself west-
ward into the Territories and into my State. If
settlers go there in advance of the surveys,
property interests grow up on unsurveyed
lands, towns are created, and yet there is noth-
ing in the nature of a title for years. Mean-
while, perhaps, you give grants to railroads or
somebody else. But your surveys are not made
until some time afterward, and the settlers are
embarrassed in getting their titles, on account
of the continual conflicts between them and
the railroad companies. The preemptor who
is on the land before the public grant is made
to a railroad, if he dies, or if his land is sold by
execution, or if he desires to dispose of it, can
transmit no title which is validagainst therail-
way company, and his successor takes nothing
by his purchase, while the company gets the
improved lands.
For all these reasons I think the Govern-
ment should make the surveys as rapidly as
possible. Aud as regards the expense of the
offices in my own State and for surveys I must
say that the amount which the Committee on
Appropriations see fit to give us is miserably
inadequate. And I sympathize very deeply
with any other gentleman who has a similar
complaint to make with regard to his own
State or Territory.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Simpson,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate insisted upon its amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 30'83) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge over the Mississippi river
at Louisiana, Missouri; and also a bridge over
the Missouri river at Glasgow, in said State,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives;
that they agree to the conference asked for
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses therein ; and that Mr. Blair, Mr.
Pomeroy, and Mr. Ramsey had been appointed
conferees on the part of the Senate.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. WILKINSON. I am quite ready that
adequate appropriations should be made for
surveys of public lands. But this appropriation
is not forsurveys. It is for office rent merely.
Mr. SARGENT. It is for making plats of
surveys and everything of that kind.
Mr. WILKINSON. It is merely for office
rent, fuel, books, stationery, incidental ex-
penses, everything of that sort. Now, the Gov-
ernment has been in the habit, ever since we
got possession of the Pacific coast, of making
larger appropriations for Federal officers there
than in any other portion of the Union; but I
see right under this paragraph an appropriation
for Oregon of only $2,000. Now, Oregon is a
new State, and there is a great deal of survey-
ing required there as well as in California.
Mr. SARGENT. There is not one fifteenth
of the work to be done in Oregon that there is
needed in California, on account of the Mex-
ican grants.
Mr. VVILKINSON. I am not particular
about it. I only wanted to understand the
matter. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. 1 offer the following
amendment, to Come in after line two hundred
and fifty-two:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay tho
account for services of the superintendent of con-
struction for the penitentiary in the Territory of
Montana, the sum of £16,000, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, is hereby appropriated.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
that he strike out the words "is hereby appro-
priated." That is not necessary.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I modify it in that
way.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Metropolitan Police:
For salaries and other necessary expenses of the
Metropolitan Police for the District of Columbia,
$207,870: Provided, That a further sum, amounting
to 8103,935, shall be paid to defray the expenses of
the said Metropolitan Police force by the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, and the county of
Washington (beyond the limits of said cities) in the
District of Columbia, in the proportion correspond-
ing to the number of privates allotted severally
to said precincts: and the corporate authorities of
said cities, and the levy court of said county, are
hereby authorized and required to levy a special t;tx,
not exceeding one-third of one per cent., which
shall be specially deposited once in each week, as
such collections are made, to be appropriated ami
expended for said purpose only, for the scrvice of the
fiscal year ending June 30,1872,
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend that para-
graph by striking out the words " corporal e
authorities of said cities and the levy court
of said county," and insert in lieu thereof
"proper authorities of the District of Colum-
bia."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I would inquire
if some amendment is not necessary in lines
two hundred and seventy aud two hundred
aud seventy-one, in relation to the expenses of
the police ?
Mr. WELKER. Let me suggest to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin that the apportionment
of police for Georgetown and Washington has
not been changed by the law establishing a gov-
ernment for the District of Columbia. They
are still to be apportioned between the different
cities, and paid for by taxation in the local-
ities.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. Is the gentle-
man from Ohio satisfied that as the law now
stands these cities have authority to raise this
money by taxation ?
Mr. WELKER. No; they have no author-
ity to do it by taxation. The law to levy
taxes must be passed by the proper authorities
of the District of Columbia, but in levying
taxes they may tax Washington for certain pur-
poses and Georgetown for other purposes.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. Well, if it is all
right, I have nothing to say upon the subjcct.
■message from tiie president.
A message from the President, by Mr. Hok-
ace Porter, one of his Secretaries, announced
that the President had approved and signed
bills and a joint resolution of the following
titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 1051) for the relief of John
R. Bennett, late register of the land offiec at
Chatfield, Minnesota;
A bill (H. R. No. 1227) to authorize the
Union Pacific Railroad Company to issue its
bonds, and construct a bridge across the Mis-
souri river at Omaha, Nebraska, aud Council
Bluffs, Iowa;
A bill (H. R. No. 26GG) for the relief of
Henry Clay Williams, late receiver of public
moneys at Eau Claire, Wisconsin; and
Joint resolution (H. R, No. 498) for the
relief of John L. Thomas, jr., and Edwin H.
Webster, the present and former collector of
customs at Baltimore, and lata United States
designated depositaries.
SUNDRY CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of
the sundry civil appropriation bill, and the
Clerk read the following paragraph :
Government Hospital for tho insane:
For the support, clothing, medical, and moral
