1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Southern Pacific Railroad—Mr. Biggs.
Ho. op Reps.
Persons usually go into banking for the pur-
poses of having the advantages of using the
notes authorized to be issued for their own
purposes in business and speculation. Prac-
tically it is an undeniable fact that the man-
agers of national banks are the recipients of
its own advantages in the way of loans, and
not business men generally. The latter have
to depend upon getting money from the former
at usurious rates. The profits of national
banks to their managers are largely over legal
rates of interest, and afford ample considera-
tions for entering upon the business over and
above what is received at legal rates. There-
fore, the capitalists of the speculative cast who
go into them should be required to put up
actual money, instead of securities, for their
capital. A man who has gold and lends it,
puts up an actual value. But he that puts up
banknotes puts up nothing but promises to pay.
Why should not the latter have a real value
to loan as well as the holder of gold? There-
fore, the parties who obtain the privilege of
banking should be required to put up bonds,
not as security simply for their paper promises,
but to procure for greenbacks or gold, with
which they can alone have the character of
real bankers, or parties having values to loan,
and not mere promises to pay. So considered,
the national banks are a huge monopoly, by
which a circulating medium is fastened upon'
■ the people, upon which they have to pay in-
terest, while the bankers themselves have no
specie or other money in their vaults worth
naming, upon which they are loosing interest.
To the managers of national bauks the privi-
leges of the monopoly are worth at least
SiO,000.000 a year. Would it then be too
much to require them to exchange their national
securities or bonds for greenbacks, and thus
save to the people of the country $20,000,000
a year in taxation. But the national banks are
so strong in Congress, as was said by Senator
Sherman, that eveu the reforms suggested by
Mr. Secretary Spinner pass unheedingly by
the men whose duties as Congressmen or as
the Executive should be to care for the in-
terests of the people alone. It is a hard thing,
indeed, that the national bankers have no lei
orhinderance from legislation, but are encour-
aged to multiply in the land by the culpable
conduct of the party in power, to perpetuate
in their interests the hoarding of specie, and
thus forcing the use of the paper promises of
the banks upon a reluctant people.
Were it not to sustain paper money kings,
brokers, and bondholders, gold coin would not
be debarred from use as a currency in a gold-
producing country. Mr. Speaker, this is the
chief of gold-produeing countries, as it is of
cotton, and it is as idle to indulge in vaticin-
ations about gold going abroad if unlocked
from Government and private hands as it is
in the fact that our cotton crop goes largely
abroad. It is as futile, in a business sense, to
augur ill of the export of one as the other.
Trade regulates itself; but the greatest mo-
nopoly of all whi ch Radical legislation maintains
at, the general expense is the protected manu-
facturing interest. Forits exclusive advantage
shackles were put on the agricultural South
after the war, so as to prevent it, in conjunction
with its natural ally, the West, from having a
representation on this floor which should have
votes to make the tariff a revenue one and not
one lor protection, a protection in rates of
impost that often bring little into the Treasury,
but serve to enhance the values of all the pro-
duction of the articles protected in the hands
of the manufacturing interest to an enormous
amount. That is to say, the extravagant im-
post, or rate of revenue acts like a sentinel to
prevent admission of foreign goods, and carries
uji the home manufactured articles to a price
that, is in the last degree rapacious upon the
agricultural, mechanical, and laboring classes I
who have to purchase them. Articles of import
which enter into inanufacturiug are admitted
free, and when the home manufactures cannot
supply the demand for the aggregate consump-
tion for necessary products in wools, cottons,
&c., the costs of the imported ones are arbi-
trarily raised by a rate .per cent, of dutj which
also operates to raise the price of the like home
product.
The battle between agriculture and manu-
factures has been a long one, with varied
results. The former had won the day anterior
to the war. A revenue tariff was then estab-
lished, and the public burdens were justly alle-
viated. The war, however, was the pretext for
enlarging the duties, or for putting vast amounts
of the money of the people directly into the
hands of theprotected manufacturing interest.
The atrocity still continues, and its burden is
so great upon the people, particularly of the
West, that they have risen up in judgment
against the wicked policy, and the logic of
events points to the success of the Democratic
party in the next presidential campaign.
Should it so result, a reduction of the revenues
may be predicted that would save to the peo-
ple $50,000,000 in taxation annually. All this
burden, all this grinding taxation, is a child of
Republicanism. Added to the other forms of
spoliations upon the people which I have
named, they make an aggregate of annual cost
to them of nearly one hundred and forty mil-
lion dollars, which may be avoided under a
just administration of the Government, may I
not say under the coming Democratic Admin-
istration ?
The next presidential election, Mr. Speaker,
is to develop the fact of a battle against the
interests of the people by the combined forces
of incorporated capital, the offspring and crea-
tures ot the Radical party, as I have described
them, and also the fearful facts of force by
new and malign agencies of the Government,
backed by the military at the will and caprice
of the President. The law of the last ses-
sion, which it was alleged was but a police
act, to prevent fraudulent naturalizations and
voting under them in the large cities of the
country, is of course to be the authority for
Lhaving at the polls where there are large Demo-
cratic majorities, shotted guns of the Navy
and detachments of armed troops to intimidate
and perhaps forcibly disperse the people, the
idea being that such armed demonstrations
will intimidate or disgust great numbers of
voters and keep them away from the polls.
Such was its effect at the late election, and if
actual force was not exerted then, so as to pre-
vent bloodshed in Democratic disiricts, with a
view to disfranchise the citizens by omitting
sucli districts in the count of votes in making
up the aggregate result, it was not because
those who executed the law did not court pop-
ular violence by the appointment, for guard-
ians of the purity of the ballot-box, of the
worst species of wretches that infest the large
cities—as described by Messrs. Brooks and
Cox—backed by United States soldiers, as in
the late election in New York, and marines in
Philadelphia; but because of great efforts of
some of the better Republicans, a massacre
of citizens was arrested, aud the cQnspirators
were foiled in their bloody purpose.
That an attempt will bo made by the latter
to frustrate all like arrangements at another
election there can be but little doubt. In the
secret conclave of leading Radicals it is doubt-
less the subject of acrid reflection that the
experiment of shooting down the citizens in
Democratic wards, upon the slighest pretense,
was not made at the late election.
It is doubtless held that the tiger should have
tasted blood, and that the American heart
should be educated up to the point of submis-
sion to this last desperate step of a debauched
and tyrannical element, to perpetuate them-
selves in power upon the prostrate fragments
of liberty and law.
These holders of official patronage and power
cannot bear the idea of a change in the per-
sonnel of the Government. They feel they are
in their places by an incontestable right, spring-
ing from pretenses of loyalty, and that the
people who would substitute for them new and
honest men, commissioned to overthrow a
system of rapacity in the administration of the
Government, are mere barbarians, who must
he wiped out. Forsooth, the people, who still
think for themselves, and propose to act for
themselves, as becomes American citizens,
must be repressed in all possible ways of force
or fraud by the gorged vultures upon the
public means and treasure.
In aid of the atrocious law to which I have
referred a new spawn of Government officials
is to be fastened upon the people, to defraud
them of their voice and rights by such control
of the congressional elections through registers
and kindred machinery, of which many voters
may not have knowledge or time to attend to,
as will reduce the vote of the masses and give
a still greater swing to the tools and creatures
of Government officials, and of the money
power, by this new-fangled method of prevent-
ing a full vote of the people at the elections.
There is to be fastened upon them another
school of officials, in the form of superintend-
ents and committees and teachers of common
schools, who are to use their positions to pro-
mote the purposes of Radicalism by fanatical
school-books and teachings, whereby public
opinion may be formed or perverted so as to
advance the fortunes of spurious Republican-
ism. Into those schools the colored people are
to be thrust, and the nurseries of thought and
instruction are to be the source and channcl
from which are to issue those ideas of love and
fraternity that shall introduce without exhibi-
tions of distaste or disgust the black race into
the society of the whites upon such terms of
equality as shall lead to free intercourse upon
the same level or plane, and finally procure
the absorption of negro blood in that of the
Caucasian, to the ruin of either race.
The blacks of the present day are not satisfied
with being let alone or to be free from inthrall-
ment by the superior race, and of having the
power to protect themselves by the courts;
but they insist wherever there is a white school
they shall have entrance to it; a church com-
posed of whites, that they shall have seats in
it; a hotel kept for whites, that they shall force
themselves to the table and bed-rooms among
the guests; a place of amusement for whites,
that they shall intermingle with the latter.
Self-respect and manliness would dictate to the
black race that they should not seek to force
themselves into the society of the whites, but
would say, " We will vindicate our claim to
respect by a desire to refrain from seeking
equality."
The practical problem of social equality has
already commenced in Washington, and from
here the word will go forth for following the
example. The carpet-baggers and scalawags,
aud other vile adventurers and soldiers of for-
tune in the South, will be pioneers of the social
movement, and they will not stop at any effort
that debauched men can effect to debase and
degrade the whites. .What further objects in
diabolism for the control of the South are among
the arcana of the Radical leaders here time
only will develop. They will doubtless be on
a par with the scoundrelism that is hatching
pretenses, in fraud and falsehoods, as a ground
of some undeveloped schemeof force to subor-
dinate the white race of the South still further
to the black race, and thus to insure, if possi-
ble, a united South in the behalf of a continued
Radical ascendency in the affairs of the nation.
To again " (ire the northern heart " with sec-
tional hate is the obvious effort ami policy of
