182
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
[February 27,
Ho. op Reps.
Foreign Policy of the Government—Mr. Mungen.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
the Radical leaders. It is regarded as a prime
necessity in party fortunes to make the white
masses forget their own wrongs and distresses
in an overwhelming passion of excitement con-
cerning alleged outrages and crimes against
negroes and white loyalists in the South. By
this means the West and the South, whose
interests are identical in general political policy
to resist and overcome the power of monopo-
lies in Government policy, are to he kept in
an antagonistic position. Indeed, the people
are to be again plunged, if possible, into a
state of sectional ferment, quarrel, and strife,
while the instigators profit by the practice of a
general rapacity, just as burglars ply their
trade when the house is on fire. The game
succeeded after the close of the war, and hcnce
the acts of Congress and the Executive in be-
half of the monopolies of New England. But
gradually time blunted the edge of sectional
i'l-fetsling, until, a year ago, it was felt by the
Itadical managers here that a new crusade
should be entered upon against the South.
What occurred then was thus explained by the
correspondent of a Radical journal, the Cin-
cinnati Commercial:
"It seems strange that so little should be known
hereooucerningthe real condition of affairs in North
Carolina. There is more than a suspicion that but
little causeexists for the extraordinary eourso taken
by Governor lloldcn. One fact, known hero to most
of the press, has done more than any of the stories
from either side on the field of action to throw sus-
picion upon llolden's movement*, and create the
belief that he has acted only to further the interests
ol local political fictions. And that fact is this: a
few weeks before adjoui nment Senator Pool cumo to
the reporters' gallery and called out a erentleman he
supposed to be connected with the Wa«hinj?tonOhron-
iele, [Mr. Forney's paper.J He then showed him a
North Carolina newspaper, in which there was a col-
lection of Kuklux outrages, murders, and robbings
drawn out at great length. The Senator wont on to
say quite confident] v that it was desirable the Chron-
icle should at onco begin the publication of this col-
lection, and keep it up until the statements made
should be well disseminated in the Nor< h. lie tur-
ther explained tho need of this by saying that to
e.irry tho State next fall it would be necessary to use
the militia extensively, and if thu collection of out-
rages could bo well circulated beforehand it would
justify the step in (he eyes of northern Republicans.
Mr. Pool made the mistake of communicating all
tins to tho wrong man. However, he must have
ascertained his mistake afterward, and remedied it,
as accounts of dire outrage in North Carolina began
to appear tho second day after this conversation,
and in due time tho Slate militia has appealed upon
tho scene."
Sir, Radical leaders who are now engaged
in like manner, -who are engaged in gutting up
another crusade against the South by l.tlse
representations about outrages against negroes
and loyal whites, are understood to be having
a Imsd time of it, as ruffians like lurk and
Bergen, and the carpet-bag and scalawag char-
acters that havn been summoned to sustain
their cause, make so sorry a figure as to disgust
the better men of the Radicals upon the com-
mittee. They are contradicted point-blank as
to alleged outrages and lawlessness in North
Carolina and other States, and prove no acts
of violence excepting such as usually prevail
in all communities; and this by witnesses of
undoubted character and ability. In the end it
will be shown that the stories are the inventions
of base men, just as they were a year ago. I
know of no better way to characterize these
carpet-bag agitators and slanderers than by
introducing in this speech the views of the
Nation, a reputable Republican organ, as fol-
lows:
" Thenorthera people ore beginning to understand
tho carpet-bagger tolerably wet!, and ho is on his
last legs no doubt, but every month by which his
final end eun be hastened is precious ; and it is to be
hoped that light, from all soutces may bo thrown on
his figure till there m.iy not be a man in the Repub-
lican party wiio does not jusiity the South in its
hatred of hira and sec ivhy the South is to be partly
excused for hating us. A typical eai-pet-baggri' may
actually have been a few years ago a bankrupt
saloon-keeper, of the ability usual with his class,
who.se saloon decayed because of a vehement sus-
picion that it w.is a house of assignation, and an
absolute certainty that it was a vety unyatisSaotory
pl.iee in vviuea to eat and drink ; he may have been
more than half believed to have sethis saloon on fire
tor the sake of getting the insurance money; hemay
then have been a soldier, known for currying favor,
and a petty officer.hated for small tyrannies; hemay
always have been innocent of more education than
goes to the reading of the Ledger; and yet to-day
he may be Lieutenant Governor of a State, with a
'prosperous ring;' and he maybe a Congressman,
and a seller of cadetships; or—and here is a chief
concern of ours with him—he may be a represent-
ative of northern civilization, an instructor of the
negro voter, making him rotten in legislative ras-
cality before he is ripe for suffrage ; an agent in
reconstruction, and a fruitful source of tho hearty
hatred for the North which has so long delayed the
peace that is essential. And worse cases than this
could be cited. Every southern State has had its
share of them, andtheHcpubliean party hassuffered
in consequence about as much as it is wise to attempt
bearing."
It had been well) Mr. Speaker, when the res-
olution was introduced iti the Senate to in-
quire into alleged outrages of "Kuklux" in
the South, to have amended it so as to have
included inquiry as to the fraudulent conduct
of the carpet-bag and scalawag crew in plun-
dering the people after the fashion of the set
who robbed the State of North Carolina, for
complicity in which, among other high polit-
ical crimes, Governor Holden has been im-
peached by the Legislature of the State. Had
such inquiry been authorized, such a record
of spoliation, fraud, and wrong as has been
perpetrated by the carpet-bag and scalawag
crew in the southern States would have been
made up as to have noprecedent for its enorm-
ity. Sir, while we have accounts daily, by
telegraph and otherwise, in the West or
North which, in the aggregate, in a short
period would fill a congressional document, of
the largest size, it is rare that such accounts
come from the South. To attribute them to
localities near us would be unwise, because the
refutation would be at hand ; all around us is
quiet and peace in southern society. The
alleged outrages occur afar off; are as old,
when having a shadow of truth, as the war, and
have been aggravated by time and distance.
As t." the pretended investigation by the Sen-
ate committee, there will be two sides.
Nevertheless, 1 do not doubt a case will be
made up, however lame and impotent, to jus-
tify the Hadical leaders in instituting more force
measures for the South, and probably the use
of the military under carpet-bag and scalawag,
control, like thatof Holden and Kirkiu North
Carolina. There may be a bold attempt to
remand some of the southern States that are
Democratic or Conservative to the territorial
condition, backed by the bayonets of the regu-
lar army and a negro militia. We have only
to watch and wait, while the people of the
country must bide their time for the infliction
of condign punishment upon the offending
party at the polls.
Foreign Policy of the Government.
SPEECH OF HON. W. MUNGEN,
OF OHIO,
Ix the House of Rephesextatives,
Februury 27, 1871,
On the foreign policy of the Government with refer-
ence to Bussia, Spain, and Turkey.
Mr. MfJNGE^. There is one subject of
vast importance to our people which has been
for years overlooked, neglected, and, by those
who claim to be statesmen, is but little under-
stood, and that is
foreign' policy of ouk government.
It is doubted by many of our political econ-
omists and diplomatists whether ''foreign pol-
icy" is not a misnomer, and whether it should
not be called '• foreign impolicy," or, still more
appropriate, "foreign no-policy."
As it will be necessary in such a discourse
to refer to our commercial relations with for-
eign Powers as welt as to diplomatic inter-
course, it ma.y not be improper to call atten-
tion now to a few statistics of a commercial
nature.
The following table of exports and imports
of the United States, shown in millions and
thousands of dollars, leaving out smaller
amounts, and taken from official reports, from
June 10, 1869, to June 10, 1870, shows some
strange facts:
S w > o 9
g" £■• S es. a
e. £ 3 r %
sr " sL : p
3 >■ 5- • p
c*
Sj
O ;
P* '■
> !
5 I
© o ©
o o o
o © ©
cj o o
co co io
92 *S£ h.
o © ©
o o >=■
o o ©
vfc* CO CO o ~ ( 00 o
H-1 io w'x >—1 O 00 -7
o o o O c; CO 02 en
© © © © © o o o
o © "© o © o © o
© O O O o o o
©©©©©©©©
H
wff
* II
From this table it will be seen that for the
years 1869-70 our trade with Russia is less
than six per cent, of our trade with France,
and but a trifle over one per cent, of our trade
with the British empire. Our trade with Rus-
sia does not in a whole year equal our trade
with France for three weeks, nor our trade
with the British Islands for five days, nor with
the whole British empire for four days and a
half. Indeed, our Russian trade is almost
the same as that with Japan, which was only
opened to us a few months since, and does not
exceed that of Turkey, with all official acts to
conceal it, and notwithstanding the fact that
we as a nation have unconsciously connived
with Hussia for years in restricting its amount.
Owing to the fact—and I here assert it to be
true—that our foreign policy for some years
past has been controlled to a considerable
extent by Russian influence and directed by
those who are the friends, apologists, and
eulogists of Russia, and who have stood for a
long time at the head of important commit-
tees, to the great detriment of the interests of
our country, not to say of humanity, it will be
necessary for me to allude more especially to
the Czar and his allies here than to any other
foreign Power.
as to russia.
This is a country the dim, vague, distorted
outline of which has long filled the public
eye. Qf this country the people of the Uni-
