1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
41st Coxg....3d Sess.
Foreign Policy of the Government—Mr. Ilungen.
HO. OP PkEPS.
ted States, though equal in intelligence to the
best of earth, are worse than ignorant because
they entertain, generally, a most egregious
misconception thereof'. Russia, in popular
opinion, is one of those twin, youthful, vigor-
ous, growing giants—we being the other—to
whom Providence (in Russia they would say
the "grace of God," and here we call it
."manifest destiny") assigns, in cooperative
emulation, not in rivalry, the empire of the
future and of the world.
It is held that we have a joint mission, to
spread, to expand, to overshadow the earth
and to absorb and purify, in time, the effete
and withering aristocracies, institutions, mon-
archies, and nationalities long since stationary,
or marked by the inexorable finger of dccay.
To us is assigned the part of leading in the
march of civilization, by the force of example,
through intellectual vigor, and by the potency
of thought. To Russia is attributed the mis-
sion of civilizing the vast masses of the bar-
barous East. In this view we have long had
quite a fraternal feeling.
Then, again, there is something imposing in
the contemplation of the Russian colossus.
Look at it! An empire covering one sixth of
the dry land of the globe, occupying a chief
part of the Asiatic and European continents,
and, before our purchase of Alaska, a consid-
erable portion of America! With a popula-
tion of seventy-six millions it keeps, in peace
times, an army of one million men, with more
field officers than there are privates in the
United States Army. Unassailable at home,
intrenched by distance, by climate, by deserts,
overshadowing and overawing with her im-
perial wings both the obscure East and her
western neighbors, and anxious soon to grasp
in her powerful talons the empires of Turkey,
of the British in India, and of the "heathen
Chinee."
To some of us there is much that is at-
tractive in power and wealth. With such it is
a satisfaction to be on speaking terms with a
millionaire, and to know that he comes from
their town, though be would probably refuse
them a chew of fine-cut tobacco if they should
ask for it. But they would hesitate indeed
to take such a liberty. There are men who
felt flattered personally at having been ad-
dressed by an emperor and having come into
physical contact with him, although the address
was an opprobrious epithet and the contact
was vis a iergo. With Russia this has been
reversed. She has ostentatiously manifested
her friendship and admiration for us, which we
cannot be accused as a nation of not recipro-
cating. Her sovereigns and statesmen have
always treated American citizens, representa-
tives and representative men, with peculiar dis-
tinctions, cordiality, and, in some cases, with
unceremonious frankness. They have the old,
stereotyped phrases of admiration for a repub-
lic " when a people is fitted for it," an import-
ant " when" with a Russian, of professing to
understand that a republic and an autocracy
are both good in their way, the one for Amer-
ica, the other for Russia and the rest of mankind
conditioned as they are, but state distinctly that
they do not believe in constitutional mon-
archies, which to them are neither flesh, fowl,
nor good red-herring.
I tell you, Mr. Speaker, that when a plain
republican (and by this term I mean one in
the old, broad, comprehensive sense, not a
Radical partisan) tiuds himself button-holed
by an emperor, the supreme ruler of millions,
who, laying aside all " fuss and feathers,"
talks to him as Smith would to Jones, and
with far more affability than any Democratic
gentleman on this floor would meet with from
a second-class clerk in any of our Depart-
ments, that plain republican may thus be
tickled and hoodwinked. There has always
been plenty of Russian wool to pull over
American eyes and Russian salt to put on
American diplomatic tails. This figurative
salt is not only always on hand for use with
the few Americans who come in contact with
the representatives of Russia abroad, but it is
brought home to us here, and made, uncon-
sciously to ourselves, to permeate and flavor
the whole "mess of pottage " for which we
have sold onr birthright as foremost standard-
bearer in the .cause of human freedom, by
affiliating in policy and sentiment with the
most pernicious despotism in the world.
Further, Russia represents in the popular
view the Cross against the Crescent, religious
tolerance against the intolerance of Moham-
medanism, the propagandism of Christianity
over the paganism of the Buddhist and Brah-
min ; in a word, theapostolateof enlightenment
and progress. This view is all a mistake. All
manner of fanciful analogies are ingeniously
discovered between the two countries. Russia
stretches from a branch of the Atlantic to the
Pacific, and down to the Black sea, as we do
in another hemisphere from the Atlantic to
the Pacific, and down to the Gulf of Mexico.
It is a country of great rivers, large lakes, of
forests, of mountains, and steppes or prairies,
just like our own. Like our own, it is yet thinly
settled, and its people are assumed to be, as
wo are, a youthful and rapidly progressive
nation, moving with accelerated steps to the
fulfillment of a splendid destiny whose thresh-
old has been barely crossed; like us the pio-
neers, in every sense, of a new world, averting
our gaze from the hopeful future only to sur-
vey complacently our present; while the rest
of mankind are halting or struggling on with
faltering steps, and at last content themselves
with a barren retrospection of the past.
This imaginary Russia we are proud to call
and to consider our friend and ally; and the
conciliation of its interests and good will has
long been a cardinal point in our foreign policy.
We mutually compliment each other. But
the little game of complimentary titillation
on the part of the American eagle toward the
rough hide of the Russian bear is not so desir-
able when in return the bear uses his claws
upon the feathers of the eagle.
Russian professions to us are hypocritical
and hollow; ours, however ill-founded and ill-
judged, are sincere. When a Czar had flat-
tered an American republican by intimating
that if he were not the autocrat of Russia he
would choose to be a citizen of the United
States, the grateful republican felt really m re-
turn that if he could not be as he was, Smith
or Jones for instance, he would, as second
choice, be the emperor of all the Russias. For
my own part, Mr. Speaker, I would rather
have said with Byron—
" Sooner a worm than sueh an Alexander."
With this illusive Russia, with this giant
who is to march shoulder to shoulder with us
in the moral and physical conquest of the
world, it is supposed that we have great com-
mercial interests, corresponding to its extent
of empire; and its friendship, I expect to be
told, may be measured by its voluntary sur-
render, for a trifle of $7,500,000 of its Amer-
ican territory, twice as large as France and
four times as large as the United Kingdom of
Great Britain, to say nothing of the seal and
fish. But this was in Mr. Seward's time, and
I have not the heart or disposition to reflect
on him when I look upon the infinitely worse
Fish arrangement we have in the Cabinet
now. If our "gifted" President would only
take my course, which I fear for his own good
he will not do, I would advise him to get rid
of the Jonah in that Cabinet, and, reversing
scriptural history, instead of throwing the man
overboard I would throw the Fish out, with
all the blood and rapine which have been des-
olating the sister republic of Cuba and taint-
ing his official garments, as a peace offering
to insure the safety of the ship of State and
propitiate the shrine of public indignation and
disgust which assuredly will show itself when
the awakening public conscience is aroused.
From this ideal Russia, which I have been
briefly describing, I will turn to the Russia of
reality.
The Russia of fancy and fiction is a stupend-
ous fraud, sham, and delusion. The Russia
of fact is an odioustdespotism, the most hid-
eous and obstructive to human liberty, enlight-
enment, happiness, and progress which has
existed for ages among any but, the hopelessly
inferior races of mankind. This empire, the
true type of—
" Those pagod things of saber sway.
With fronts of brass and feet of clay/'
is in all its attributes unlike, or precisely the
reverse, of what its eulogists represent. It is
not even, as alleged, the towering colossus of
the world. It is only the second in territorial
extent and the third in population. Even
before it parted with Alaska it was some four
or five hundred thousand square miles smaller
than the dominions of Great Britain, which now
exceed it in dimensions by the size of two
Alaskas, Russia being now notquite seven mil-
lion square miles, and Great Britain seven and
three quarter million square miles; a little more
or less, for we should not cavil with or envy
either Power a million or two of the frozen or
desert surface which makes up the chief part
of these figures.
In population China more than five times
exceeds it, and the British empire is more than
twice and a half, perhaps three times as popu-
lous, China having between three and four
hundred millions, Great Britain near two hun-
dred millions, Russia not quite seventy-six
millions. In mercantile marine she ranks a
seventh or eighth Power, and she has not ven-
tured for a century to use her navy against any
civilized Power, but shuts it up in war-time in
her strongholds of Cronstadt or Sebastopol.
We all remember that recently she was com-
pelled to destroy half of it when the latter
place, on her own soil, was wrested from her by
nations whose forces, sent thousands of miles
from home, and led with notorious want of
skill, did not amount to one third the number
of Sebastopol's defenders. Yet it is known that
the magnificent and imperious Nicholas, whom
we were schooled so to revere and admire,
to avert this humiliation used all the power of
his empire and made every imaginable effort
short of taking the field in person ; for this
martial emperor who ate and drank, and
almost slept, who lived and died uniformed,
booted, and spurred, never after his defeat by
the Turks—never took any personal part in
the wars he waged with Poland, with Hun-
gary, with Turkey, or the allies.
Does that look like as if the Russian colos-
sus was so strong, when all his brain, bone,
muscle, sinew, and resources could not pre-
vent a disaster which so upset the equanimity
of the model emperor that he insulted and
struck the officer who informed him of the loss
which broke that cruel heart, though all the
sufferings and tears of the scores of thousands
he had ruined, persecuted, tortured, widowed,
or rendered fatherless could not touch its
frozen hardness.
But, it is urged, there remains the stupend-
ous fact of a Slavonic empire of seventy-six
millions, under one rule and in one ring, the
only independent Slavonic State, and conter-
minous on territories inhabited by tens of mil-
lions of Slavonians. It is assumed that these
will gather around liussia as a nucleus, and the
specter of Pan-Slavism is invoked; that is to
say, a union in one of all these nationalities,
in such force that they in the future are to over-
ride and overrule the chief part ot Europe.
The Russian empire is undoubtedly a great
fact; it is, unfortunately, a mischievous fact
