1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
motion is the most favorable way in which we
can keep before the House the consideration
of this bill-
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Does the gen-
tleman propose to call the previous question?
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not call the previous
question.
Mr. KNOTT rose.
Mr. KERR. I hope the House will consent
to an extension of the time of my colleague
for oue half hour.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The
effect of that would be to give the gentle-
man from Kentucky one half hour.
Mr. KERR. I ask that the time of my col-
league may be extended half an hour, so that
he may give it to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Kxott] and the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Axteix.]
Mr. HAY. I object, if the same favor can-
not be extended to me. I also want half an
hour. .
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I object
to that.
Mr. RANDALL. Then the only mode is
to vote down the demand for the previous
question. That is the only way in which we
can have the bill opened up for full debate.
Mr. KNOTT. I understand that I have
only fifteen minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
remaining time of the gentleman fromlndiana,
[Mr. HolmaN.] Some time has been taken
up in this colloq'jy, but the Chair will not
deduct it. , .
Mr. AXTELL. With the permission of the
gentleman from Kentucky, i ask unanimous
consent for leave to have printed in the Globe
some remarks which I desired to make on this
subject. , .
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the gentleman has that privilege.
[The remarks will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. KNOTT. I was just going to remark,
Mr. Speaker, that I cannot pretend to do jus-
tice to this subject inside of ten minutes. It
does seem to me, sir, that my facilities for
getting time on this floor are so poor that it 1
was standing on the brink of perdition and the
sands were crumbling under my feet I could not
get time enough to repeat the Lord's prayer.
[Laughter.] There is no gentleman on this
floor who has, perhaps, trespassed as little oti
the patience of the House as I have, and this
is perhaps the last time I shall ever seek to be
heard. I have simply asked for half an hour,
and as that has been denied I will now yield
the remaining ten minutes to any gentleman
who may want them.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. _ Mr. Speaker,
I renew the request that the time of my col-
league be extended for half an hour. 1 hope
it will be accorded to him.
Mr. ALLISON. Is the previous question
operating? .
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. ALLISON. I see no reason for hurry
on this bill, and I think the gentleman from
Kentucky ought to have an hour if he wishes it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not advised
of the intention of the gentleman having the
Mr" WILSON, of Minnesota. I am willing
to "have full discussion on this bill; but I wisn
the House to be as generous to the friends ot
the bill as to its enemies. ^ We are willing- to
meat every objection maae against the bill
Willi arguments supported by facts, and it the
measure cannot stand in this House upon:i u.
merits, when they are properly and fairly
understood and considered, 1 am, for oue, will
ing that it shall go down.
1'be SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Kxott] hav-
ing half an hour, and the gentleman twin
Iowa [Mr. PoMeroy] another hall horn .
Mr. HAY. 1 also wish half an lioui.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Are
these gentlemen for or against the bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not advised.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Ihopethetime
will be granted.
Mr. RANDALL. There are some thirty
others who wish to be heard.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky wants half an hour, and
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Pomeroy] half
an hour, as a friend of the bill, and then the
gentleman, from Illinois, [Mr. Hay,] who is
opposed to the bill, wants half an hour.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the gentlemen speaking in that order?
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to have but ten
minutes.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. We want
some time to speak in favor of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chairhears no objec-
tion, and the gentlemen indicated will speak
for half an hour each in the order in which
they were named. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. K-Vott] has the floor for half an
hour.
Mr. KNOTT then addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
i.vcojie tax.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of order and of privilege. I do
not propose to discuss it. I will only call the
attention of the House to the seventh section
of the first article of the Constitution. I offer
the resolution which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The resolution was read as follows:
Unsolved, That Senate bill No. 1083, to repeal so
much of the act approved July 14.1870, entitled An
act to reduce internaltaxes, and for other purposes,
as continues the income tax after the dlst day ot
December, 1869.be returned to that body with the
respectful suggestion on the part of the House that
section seven of article ■one of the Constitution ve3ts
in the House of Representatives the sole power to
originate such measures.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask that the Senate bill
be read.
The bill was read. It provides f or the repeal
of sections six to sixteen, both inclusive, of
the act entitled "An act to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes," approved July
14, 1870. . .
Mr. WOOD. Is this a question of privilege?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that the
section of the Constitution referred to in the
resolution be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"AH bills for raising revenue shall originate in
the House of Representatives; but the Senate may
propose or concur with amendments as on other
bills."
Mr. RANDALL. I submit that that does
not reach this case. This is not a bin to raise
revenue, but to repeal a portion ot a law
which provides for raising revenue.
Mr. WOOD. I would inquire of the Chair
if this involves a question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the
Chair, the question presented by the gentle-
man front Massachusetts is one of privilege.
The Chair is not left to his own judgment
merely in coming to this conclusion, but would
call the attention of the House to a precedent
established iu the Thirty-Fifth Congress. On
that occasion the Senate amended the Post
Office appropriation bill by adding a clause
increasing the rates of postage. On the re-
turn of the bill to the House Mr. Grow, of
Pennsylvania, made the motion, as one ot priv-
ilege, that it be returned to the Senate because
it contained a revenue measure. Speaker Urr
sustained the motion as privileged, and the
House, by a decisive majority, adopted it.
The bill was lost in consequence ot the dis-
agreement resulting from this action, but was
passed at the next session with the objection
a"rrttd Ifthepoiut raised by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. ^'Vt^'rlneal
' it is not a bill to '• raise revenue, but to lepeal
a provision of law by which revenue is, now
raised," the Chair would remark that, in his
judgment, that circumstance does not affect
the question of privilege as raised by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. fiooPElt.]
Under the practice of the House the, rule
requiring tax bills to be first discussed in the
Committee of the Whole lias been always con-
strued to apply with equal force to bills repeal-
ing taxes, and for this very obvious reason :
that, as such bills are amendable, they might
have their entire character changed in the
House without the committee having the
proper opportunity for ontrammeled discus-
siou; and for an additional reason of much
force, that the repeal of one tax may involve
the necessity of levying another, and thus
invole the whole question of raising revenue.
It is for the House to decide upon the pro-
priety of adopting the resolution offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts. The question
submitted to the Chair is simply whether the
resolution be one of privilege, and the Chair
decides that it is; and it is now before tlie
House."
Mr. RANDALL. I submit that there is no
occasion to get up this question of the consti-
tutional powers of the two Houses upon this
bill. This bill can be allowed to remain where
it is, on the. Speaker's table, for the Senate
has not asked for its return, and the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means can proceed to report
at once a similar bill to the House, which I
hope they will do.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I call the
previous question on the adoption of the reso-
lution-. „ , ,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to allow some debate on this subject.
Let it go over until to-morrow, and let mem-
bers sleep upon it. It is a question which wo
ought to consider carefully.
The question was taken upou seconding the
previous question; and upon a division theie
were—ayes 66, noes 54.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. RANDALL called for tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers; and there were eighteen in the atiirma-
ative ; not one fifth of a quorum.
So tellers were not ordered.
The previous question was accordingly sec-
onded. „ , ,
Jlr. HOLMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question. _
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there
were—ayes 18, noes 83 ; not one fifth voting
iu the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers on the yeas
aud nays. , . ^
Tellers were not ordered, only nineteen
members voting therefor.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table; and upon that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
nineteen members voting therefor.
The question was taken; and the House
refused to lay the bill on the table. _
The main question was then ordered, being
upon agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. POTTER. I call for the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
eighteen members voting therefor.
The question was taken; and the resolution
was adopted.
Mr HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
! ST. CLiOlK AN'D BAYFIELD ItllLROAD.
! Xhe House resumed the consideration of the
: Senate joint resolution iu relation to the bt.
