6118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
and when the fans are set in motion in summer,
all this accumulation of dust is thrown out
and mixed with the air in the Hall, making it
uncomfortable for a long time, and sometimes
during the whole day. Hence the irritation
of the throat, and fits of coughing, of which
members vainly seek the cause. It is pro-
posed to change the entire arrangement of
the flues and registers, bo as to obviate this
difficulty. With these two alterations it is
expected that there will be a great increase
in the comfort of the Hall. The alterations
that have already been made are felt for the
greater portion of the time. These alterations
are needed for exceptional times and occa-
sions.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FAENSWORTH. I move to amend
by inserting: "for widening the passage
ways between the Senate and House wings of
the Capitol, $10,000, or so much thereof as
may be necessary.".
Mr. Speaker, at the last session I offered an
amendment similar to this, which was rejected,
upon the understanding, I think, of the chair-
roan of the Committee on Appropriations, that
the attempt to make this improvement would
endanger the stability of the Dome. That
impression, however, was corrected the next
day by a letter from the architect of the Cap-
itol. In that letter, which was published in the
Globe of last session, the architect said there
was no such danger as had been apprehended ;
that in fact he had already advocated some
remodeling of the internal arrangements of
the Capitol, one feature of which was the
widening of the doors. The bronze doors, as
I understand, were never intended to be kept
where they now are.
Mr. DAWES. Has the gentleman from
Illinois found his progress to the Senate ob-
structed in consequence of the narrowness of
the passage way? [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That joke is not
very new; but I will say that I have not been
obstructed particularly in that regard.
Seriously, I desire the attention of the House
to this matter, for every member of the House,
I think, must have experienced the inconven-
ience resulting from the blocking up of these
passage ways. In a building like this, which
has cost so much money for its construction
and adornment, it is out of all keeping to have
these narrow doorways between the two wings.
As the architect informed me last session, a
small appropriation will probably be sufficient
to make the needed improvement, which could
be done without at all endangering in any way
the stability of the building. I hope there
will be no objection to my amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. The objection raised last
year was that the proposed change might
endanger the stability of the Dome. Has the
Government any> evidence that such would
not be the effect?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will read to the
House the letter of the architect of the Cap-
itol:
Architect's Office,
United States Capitol Extension,
Washington, D. C., June 27. 1870.
Sir: In reply to your inquiries relative to the
enlargement of the doorways leading from the Halls
into the Rotunda. I will say that there has been
some error iu the statement that t have reported
this change unsafe on account of the Dome. So far
from this being the case, I have made and advocated
a plnn for the remodeling of the Rotunda, the prin-
cipal features of which are the enlargement of the
doorways in question.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWARD CLARK,
Architect.
Hon. J. F. Fabnsworth, 1louse of Representatives.
At the last session we were requested to
postpone this proposition till the present ses-
sion. I believe that at that time no gentleman
in .this House opposed the object I had in view,
and I do not think any gentleman will oppose
it now, for the improvement contemplated is
highly necessary and is in keeping with the
character of the building.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, it will be ob-
served by the letter which the gentleman has
read that the ideas of the architect of the Cap-
itol in reference to widening these doors are
connected, ^ith a plan of alteration (I do not
know how extensive) of the whole of that part
of the Capitol. It does not seem to me exactly
safe for us here in the House to direct one par-
ticular part of the plan to be executed unless
we have the whole plan of the architect before
us and design to carry it out. What that plan
is I do not know ; and even if I comprehended
the plan to which the architect has alluded in
his letter I would not think it proper to incor-
porate it in an appropriation bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My amendment does
not direct absolutely that the change shall be
made.
Mr. DAWES. Would the gentleman be will-
ing to add the clause "if the architect of the
Capitol should deem it advisable?"
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 suggest that there be
added also a proviso that any additional ex-
pense incurred beyond the amount named shall
be unlawful.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move, pro forma, to
aipend the amendment by adding $500 to the
amount of the proposed appropriation. I sub-
mit the amendment for the purpose of advo-
cating this great improvement. These doors
have been in the Capitol a long time. When
they were built they were large enough for the
sort of men who then passed through them.
But men have been growing. We are a larger
race than those for whom these doors were
constructed; and, as a gentleman near me
suggests, there are more of us. Many of us
recollect that on the night of the inauguration
of the statue of Mr. Lincoln we found those
doors too small, as well as insufficient in num-
ber. I think that the amendment ought cer-
tainly to be adopted. I would have these doors
something like old-fashioned barn doors,
through which loads of. hay could be driven.
The idea of restricting these means of com-
munication to the narrow limits which were
sufficient fifty or even twenty-five years ago is
one which I hope will not be countenanced for
one moment by this House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have modified my
amendment to meet the suggestions of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
and the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sar-
gext.] I.ask that it be read in its modified
form.
The Clerk read as follows :
For widening the passage-ways between the Senate
and House wings of the Capitol, $10,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, if the architect of the
Capitol shall deem the same safe and practicable;
and any expenditure on a plan that shall cost a
greater sum to complete it shall be unlawful.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
amendment, as modified, there were—ayes 24,
noes 42 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Farnsworth
and Mr. Hale were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes ninety, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the extension of the Government Printing
Office building upon the plans prepared by the
architect of tne Capitol extension, including the
cost of hoisting-works, $45,000: Provided. That any
excess of expenditure for this purpose over said
amount shall be deemed unlawful.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the words " hoisting-works," in the
clause just read, " and said appropriation shall
be available during the present fiscal year."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOLES. I move to amend by adding
after the pending paragraph the following:
For compensation of James M. Johnson and_Wil-
liam Byers, as members-elect to the Thirty-Ninth
Con^redS, and to the heirs of Gayle H. Keyle, de-
ceased, late a inember-eiect to the same Congress,
the sum of $4,000 each.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order
that this amendment is not authorized by
existing law.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must sustain
the point of order. There is no existing law
to warrant the appropriation proposed in the
amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is there not a law for
paying members of Congress?
Mr. DICKEY. For contests?
The SPEAKER. If there is an appropri-
ation it is made in gross for the pay of mem-
bers ; and if any existing law authorized this
particular expenditure there would be no need
of a special appropriation.
Mr. MAYNARD. This amendment is de-
signed to pay members of a former Congress.
The circumstances under which the gentlemen
named came here are, I suppose, within the
recollection of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled
to rule the amendment out of order.
Mr. BOLES. I move to suspend the rules,
to enable the House to consider the amend-
ment.
*On the motion there were—ayes thirty-nine,
noes not counted.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For surveying the publio lands in Dakota Terri-
tory, at rates not exceeding tea dollars per mile for
standard lines, seven dollars for township, and six
dollars for section lines, $20,000.
Mr. SPINK. I move to amend by adding
after the clause just read, the following :
Provided, That not less than $10,000 of this amount
shall be expended within the limits of the Pembina
land district in said Territory.
I presume the chairman of the committee
will not object to this amendment. A similar
proposition was inserted in the appropriation
bill last year.
Mr. DAWES. Why.should not the matter
be left to the discretion of the General Land
Office?
Mr. SPINK. For this simple reason : there
are five million acres of public land surveyed in
the southern part of theTerritory and less than
half a million in the northern part. The latter
is filling up very rapidly, and the Northern
Pacific railroad is about to pass through that
region. It is very necessary that the surveys
should be made in that part of the Territory ;
and they will not be made unless some pro-
vision of this kind be adopted.
Mr. DAWES. If the public necessities
require that surveys should be made in that
part of the Territory, why will they not be
made ?
Mr. SARGENT. The reasons which the
gentleman from Dakota [Mr. Spiijk] gives in
support of his amendment are most excellent,
and I hope there will be no objection to his
proposition. If a railroad is about to run
through that part of the country the survey
ought to be made as soon as possible.
Mr. DAWES. My objection is that we can-
not both make laws and administer them.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. That is proper,
and I hope it will be agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. The pressure on the part
of the railroads is to delay the making of these
surveys, and the result is to keep actual settlers
from going upon the public lands. I hope in
reference to lands through which lines of rail-
road are to run that we will enact a provision
of law which will compel the survey of those
lands as soon as possible.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I hope the
amendment will be agreed to.
The amendmant was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveying the public lands in Montana Terri-
tory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for township,
and ten dollars for section lines, $30,000.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I move to increase
that appropriation from $30,000 to $40,000 ;
and I desire to call the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations,
[Mr. Dawes,] who has this bill in charge, to
