794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
enue system, without the interposition of du-
ties, the products of our northern fields and
workshops for the many commodities which
they produce but which we cannot, and of
which we are large consumers. But, sir, not-
withstanding these convictions and the fact
that I was a member of the Democratic party,
I opposed the annexation of Texas, was hos-
tile to the armed occupation of Yucatan, as
suggested by President Polk in his message
of April 29, 1848, and regarded the Ostend
manifesto and other efforts to acquire Cuba,
whether pacific or .hostile, as outrages upon
our republican institutions and humanity.
I did not stop to consider the constitution-
ality of these measures. They were projected
in pursuance of precedents which, though con-
fessedly indefensible onconstitutionalgrounds,
had vindicated themselves to the judgment of
the country, the acquisition of fhe Louisiana
territory and the Florida®. My hostility to the
measures alluded to did not, therefore, rest
on constitutional scruples, but upon the fact
that they were efforts to extend the area of
slavery and to perpetuate that accursed insti-
tution. They were all favorite measures of
the Democratic party, whose degenerate and
puerile leaders array themselves against the
acquisition of San Domingo, and resisted with
all their power the ordering of a commission
to inquire into the propriety of accepting
dominion over it. Absurdly—I had almost
said impiously—they claim to be the success-
ors of Jefferson and Jackson, but do not
believe in the expansion of our country and
its manifest destiny. They are purblind and
without faith in the capacity of man for self-
government, and I apprehend that they and
I have changed grounds on this question for
the same reason. They resist the acquisition
of San Domingo because it will extend the
area of freedom and give republican institu-
tions, common schools, a free press, our laws,
language, and literature, and all the appli-
ances of modern civilization to a tropical peo-
ple, most of whom are of African descent,
while I give it my 'support for this as chief
among a thousand reasons, each one of which
is, in my judgment, conclusive.
The people of the United States have waded
through a sea of blood and incumbered them-
selves and their posterity with mountains of
debt to abolish human slavery and make our
institutions throughout our broad limits homo-
geneous and harmonious with the fundamental
principles that underlie them. And yet, sir, we
are to-day the support and buttress of slavery
wherever it exists upon the continent or islands
of America, as we must continue to be until
we shall acquire tropical territory, on which
to grow coffee and sugar, and tobacco equal
to that of Cuba. By the acquisition of San
Domingo, and by no other peaceable means,
we can overthrow both slavery and Spanish
supremacy in Cuba, for wo consume fully
seventy per cent, of her exports, every pound
of which might be produced by free labor in
San Domingo.
Few gentlemen have probably considered
the question in this connection, and I beg
leave to invite attention to a few facts illustra-
tive of its importance. But before doing so,
permit me to suggest that San Domingo pro-
duces large-grained white coffee equal to that
of Java, and vastly superior to the green cof-
fee of Brazil, sugars, molasses, and melada
equal in quality to those of Cuba, and tobacco
which compares favorably with the best smok-
ing tobacco from the finest fields of that
island; and that were the production of these
articles stimulated by the sense of security
that would be imparted by our acquisition of
her territory and by the admission of her pro-
ductions to our ports free of duty, it would
cause the transfer of the American and other
foreign capital now employed in Cuba to San
Domingo, and thereby people the latter and
increase her productions and deprive Cuba
of the power to support the Spanish army,
which now holds her in subjection, or to make
the contributions toward the support of the
Spanish monarchy, which now regards her as
its most profitable appendage.
Cuba owes its commercial importance to the
fact that San Domingo has been distracted and
desolated by war and oppression from the year
of its discovery to the present date. Hispan-
iola, as San Domingo was first called, was
once the most fertile, most highly cultivated,
and most productive of all the West India
islands; but she has relapsed into a wilder-
ness, and would present to the enterprise that
would seek her fields, under a sense of secur-
ity derived from American law and admin-
istration, as fertile and virgin a soil as she
did to the followers of Columbus nearly four
centuries ago.
The population of the entire island in
1492-93 was believed to exceed a million, but
such were the cruelty and rapacity of the Span-
iards that an enumeration made in 1507 showed
that the native population had been reduced
by the exhausting labors demanded from the
enslaved natives in the unventilated gold
mines, and the barbarous means by which
their labor was enforced, to sixty thousand.
Another enumeration, made by an officer known
as the distributor of Indians, in 1514, showed
that the number had been reduced to fourteen
thousand; and the history of the island from
these early dates to the close of the war be-
tween Hayti and Dominica is but a contin-
uous story of wrong, outrage, and desolation.
After consulting the best authorities to which
I have access, I estimate the entire population
of the island at this time at from one million
to twelve hundred thousand, of which number
not more than twenty per cent, are within the
limits of San Domingo.
The natives welcomed Columbus on his return
from Spain with presents, consisting chiefly of
great quantities of gold, and in the course of
his progress through the island, in 1495, in
grateful return he imposed tribute on all of
them above the age of fourteen, requiring each
one to pay quarterly a certain quantity of gold
or twenty five pounds of cotton. It is record-
ed by Captain James Birney, in his History of
the Buccaneers of America, that to prevent
evasion of paying this tribute Columbus caused
"rings or tokens to be produced, in the nature
of receipts, which were given to the islanders
on their paying the tribute, and any islander
found without, such a mark in his possession
was deemed not to have paid, and proceeded
against."
In a recent conversation with an intelligent
merchant of Philadelphia, who has spent many
years in Cuba and San Domingo, I said to
him, " What would be the effect of American
occupation of San Domingo, or its acquisition
by us, upon the productions and commerce
of the island?" To which he replied:
"In five years from the occurrence of such an
event San Domingo wilt have resumed her former
station among the producing and commercial coun-
tries of the world, and will have become the wealth-
iest and most prosperous island in the Archipelago.
Under such new circumstances it will far exceed the
Cuba of to-day. San Domingo is in mv judgment
worth fivo times what Cuba is worth. Prior to the
revolution of 1789 and 1790, San Domingo was the
wealthiest Ameriom colonial possession owned by
any nation. The French part was immensely pros-
perous, although the French had kept it but a few
years. I have not the figures at hand, but, having
examined thetn. assure you that the exports of coffee,
tobacco, sugar, indigo, cocoa, a.nd other productions
sustain my asccrtion. The Spanish side was also
very prosperous. In fact, the.whole island was in a
prosperous condition, and the mines were yielding
litrge quantities of gold. Since the revolution of
1790, when the blacks expelled the French from San
Domingo, the condition of the country has retro-
graded, and very little progress has since been made
in llayti."
In view of these facts we may certainly
regard the soil of Dominica as virgin, and by
embracing it under our jurisdiction do for
the wealth and commerce of the world what
Columbus and their Catholic majesties might
have done could they have founded a liberal
republic whose affairs should be so adminis-
tered as to promote the welfare of all the
inhabitants of the island.
The march of our prosperity has marked
and measured the prosperity of the ruling
classes in Cuba. In 1820 she produced but
fifty thousand tons of sugar, and in 1808, to
meet our increased wants, she produced nine
hundred thousand tons. The increase has
always been in proportion to the increasing
market our country afforded. It was to sup-
ply our market that she maintained the slave
trade with Africa, and patronized the equally
inhuman and murderous traffic in coolies.
Enriched by our patronage she employs to-
day both of these execrable agencies in our
service. Let me prove this. She ships her
sugar in the following proportions: seventy
per cent, directly to the United States ; twenty-
two per cent, to Great Britain direct, and to
Falmouth or a market; two per cent, to Spain,
(a large estimate;) and six per cent, to other
countries of Europe and to South America.
I have said, sir, that Cuba has maintained
and does maintain the slave trade and the
coolie trade in order to supply our wants.
More and worse than this, prior to 1861 she
imported lier victims chiefly under our flag,
though our law declared the slave trade to be
piracy. Spain had bound herself by treaty
with England to abolish the slave trade, for
doing which she received what she deemed
ample compensation ; yet slaves continued to
be introduced clandestinely under the Spanish
flag, under the administration of every captain
general; but the favorite flag of the slave-trader
was the stars and stripes, because vessels bear-
ing it were exempt from search by British
cruisers on the coast of Africa. The execu-
tion of the slave-trader, Gordon, at New
York, in 1861, put a stop to the use of our
flag to cover this unholy traffic. Since then
comparatively few slaves have been introduced
into Cuba, but the number of coolies imported
annually has greatly increased.
OUR RESPONSIBILITY, AND HOW WE 5IAY AVOID IT.
Such are our responsibilities ; and it is now
in our power to control the whole subject, not
by ravishing Naboth's vineyard, but by con-
firming his title thereto and enabling him to
enjoy in serene confidence his vine and fig-tree.
The duty of two cents a pound imposed by
our laws on raw sugar and the duties on mo-
lasses, melada, tobacco, and other productions
common to both islands would make it so much
more profitable to produce them iu San Do-
mingo than in Cuba that the Spanish despots
and native slaveholders who govern that island
would have no need for new victims, but would
find a steadily diminishing market for the crops
giown by those they now hold in bondage.
The duties on imports from Cuba into this
country during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1870, all of which could have been raised by free
labor in San Domingo, amount to $32,268,750,
and the value of the imports was $52,964,225.
This statement embraces only sugar, molasses,
melada, tobacco, and cigars, which, though the
principal, are notour only imports from Cuba.
The whole could have been grown in San
Domingo, together with immense supplies of
coffee, cocoa, indigo, and the valuahle woods
of the island. The following table shows the
amount and value of each of the commodities
named that we imported from Cuba during
the last fiscal year, the value thereof, and the
duty to which they were subject at three cents
per pound on sugar, eight cents per gallon
on molasses, and three cents per pound on
melada:
Quantity. Ytilue. Duty.
Sugar, lbs  SOI,633,343 $38,036,418 $24 041,000
Molasses, gals. 45,084,152 9,096,783 3,6)6.732
Melada, lb«  35,828,771 1,247,249 1,074,863
Tobacco and
cigars  3,933,745 3,538,155
$52,964,225 «32,2fiS,750
I need not further elaborate this point to
merchant or philanthropist, for every man who
