1620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
roads, and there doable the minimum price is
charged. This is a revenue measure rather
than an expense. Some of our people have
been there for nearly twenty-five years, and
property claims have arisen which become
more and more complicated for want of sur-
veys. I ask for a liberal appropriation for
surveys; not for my State,alone, but for all
the Territories. We know by the experience
of the past that unless we can have a sufficient
amount to pay this pripe per mile we. cannot
make the surveys at all.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will move tq .amend the
amendment, so as to make it fourteen dollars,
simply for the purpose of complimenting my
friend from California upon the fidelity with
which he discharges . his functions as a Repre-
sentative of that great State; and if I could sup-
pose that any humble word dropping from my
lips would reach the ears of his constituents it
should be to the effect that they ought never to
allow him to retire from these Halls so long as
he will consent to be their Representative, for a
most faithful and efficient man he certainly is,
as we all know, and as has been known to all
his associates since he has been here.
Mr. PEJERS. So eay all of us.
Mr. MAYNARD. He can advocate—I was
about to say with more assurance, [laughter,]
but that would be an unkind word, and I will
say with more earnestnes&of manner any prop-
osition that goes to enhance the appropriations
for his section and State, I believe, than any
gentleman that I have had the pleasure of
associating with in this House.
Mr. SARGENT. Will my friend allow me
a question? At the last session of Congress,
when the gentleman was extremely anxious
to have an appropriation made for Knoxville,
did I not stand here and fight for him and help
him carry his appropriation through?
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly, the gentleman
did; and I have a warm side for him. [Laugh-
ter.] If this were but a single appropriation
I should not open my mouth in opposition to
it; but I see behind California Oregon, and
behind Oregon Washington Territory 
Mr. SARGENT. The same necessity exists
in each of these eases.
Mr. MAYNARD. It thus appears that this
is not a single appropriation, but one of a
series. Now, we have for Nevada an appro-
priation of only fifteen dollars a mile; yet, if
my observation is worth anything, the country
in Nevada is at least as rough and inaccessible
as in any of these other States or Territories.
Mr. SARGENT. They are only surveying
the plains of Nevada; that is all that is re-
quired at present. When they come to mount-
ains you will have to increase the amount.
Mr. MAYNARD. The part of Nevada of
which the gentleman speaks must be a part
which I did not happen to see. If there are
any plains there I confess I do not know
where they are.
Mr. SARGENT. Did the gentleman go
through Humboldt valley? Did he ever see
that valley?
Mr. MAYNARD. No, sir.
Mr. SARGENT. Then the gentleman is
not very well acquainted with that State.
On agreeing to the amendment, there were—
ayes twenty-seven, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveying the public lands in Oregon, at rates
not exceeding eighteen dollars per lineal mile for
standard lines, fifteen dollars for township, and
twolve dollars for section lines. $35,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will move the same
amendment in regard to the survey in Oregon,
and we shall see whether the same argument
will be presented that has been brought for-
ward in the other cases. I move to amend
so as to make the rates fifteen dollars per lineal
mile, twelve dollars for township, and ten dol-
lars for section lines. The rates proposed in
the bill are certainly very large. Why they
should be so muchgreater than the ratesallowed
in Nevada, Wyoming, Utah, Idaho, and New
Mexico l confess I cannot tell from anything I
know of the character of the country. I am
willing to make liberal and generous allow-
ances ; but itdoes seem to me the sums named
in this paragraph are entirely beyond the de-
mands of the work to be done.
Mr-. SMITH, of Oregon. Mr. Speaker, I
chanced to travel with my friend from Ten-
nessee when he was in Oregon, and I happen
to know that all his traveling was done on a
river steamboat. He saw some of our forests
but he did not penetrate any of them. If he
had done so he would not have offered the
pending amendment. So far from its being
proper to cut down the rate per mile for the
timber land of Oregon, 1 hold in my hand a
letter from the late Commissioner, asking that
it may be increased, and my friend from Mas-
sachusetts, the chairman of the committee,
proposes to offer an amendment to increase
the compensation for surveying the public lands
west of the Cascade mountains. I ask the
Clerk to read the letter which I send to the
desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
General Land Office, January 14, 1871.
Sir : Frequent representations have been made to
this office during several years past, officially and
otherwise, that the legal rates per lineal mile of sur-
veying the public lands in Oregon lying west of the
Cascade mountains are insufficient, and that in
order to extend the lines of public surveys over
tracts of densely-timbered country augmented rates
are absolutely required in order to secure the survey
of such lands already settled upon by preemptors.
The rates allowed by law for the survey of this kind
of lands in the State of Oregon are as follows:
For standard parallels at not exceeding eighteen
dollars per mile, for township lines at not exceeding
fifteen dollars per mile, and for section lines at not
exceeding twelve dollars per mile.
The estimate of §35,000, submitted for the surveys
of the public lands in Oregon for the year ending
JuneSO, 1S72, and now before Congress, specify those
rates per mile which-areconsidered adequate for the
surveys of lands situated east of the mountains, being
generally free from dense timber and thick under-
growth impeding the progress of surveys, bat insuf-
ficient to enable the surveyor general to close con-
tracts with competent and reliable surveyors for the
survey of lauds densely covered by forests or thick
undergrowth lying west of the Cascades, and required
to be surveyed by numerous settlers on such lands.
In this connection, X inclose herewith, a commun-
ication to this office from Hon. H. W. Corbett,
United States Senate, dated the 9th instant, recom-
mending an additional appropriation of $15,000 for
the extension of the lines of public surveys over
the lands presenting difficult features, and lying
west of the Cascade mountains, at the rate of six-
teen dollars per mile for township and subdivisional
lines in lieu of fifteen dollars and twelve dollars now
authorized respectively.
Concurring in the views entertained by Hon. Mr.
Corbett as to the necessity of the increased price
for the survey of the lands in question, I submit
herewith an estimate of $15,000 additional to that
already before Congress, and request that the same
may be laid before that body for such action as.may
he deemed proper.
X have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
JOS. S. WILSOST, Commissioner.
Hon. C. Delano, Secretary of tie Interior.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Let me add a sin-
gle word. To my certain knowledge there are
preemption claimants who have lived on their
claims in the State of Oregon for more than
fifteen years, and are utterly unable to get
their land surveyed because the price allowed
by the Government is inadequate. The facts
stated in the letter of the Commissioner are
strictly trne; and nothing less than the amount
asked for in the amendment which the chair-
man of the committee is about to offer will be
sufficient in the district of country to which it
is intended to apply. I am sure the gentleman
from Tennessee does not wish to do us the in-
justice of retarding the settlement of the coun-
try and delaying the completion of our titles
by restricting us to a price for making the
surveys which must forever prevent their be-
ing made. I hope the amendment will not
prevail, but that the House will adopt the one
which the gentleman from Massachusetts is
about to offer.
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to me that we
had better adopt a new principle with regard
to our public lands, and let any man have the
land who will survey it. It is manifest that
the expense of surveying the public lands ia
going to be a very heavy burden to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. SARGENT. Perhaps the gentleman
had better introduce a bill to carry out his
idea. The proposition would not be in order
as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. The letter which has
been read takes its origin from the same source
from which arise so many other complaints.
We all know that men who are in office want,
as a general thing, more pay than they receive.
When they get in office they find that upon
the salary they do not get rich as fast as they
expected. The idea obtains among many of
the people of the country that if they can
once get into office they will be provided for
daring life; but as soon as they are fairly warm
in their places they discover their sad mis-
take. They find that their expenses are quite
up to the measure of their emoluments, and
tjiey then want to have their compensation in-
creased. They apply for twenty per cent., or
some other per cent., as additional pay. This
we all know by our experience here.
Mr. DAWES. I think we ought not to
adopt the amendment, though I should be
glad to reduce the appropriation in the man-
ner proposed if it were practicable. Let us
have a vote.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by adding
to the pending paragraph the following:
For surveying the public lands in Oregon situate
westof the Cascade mountains, densely covered with
forests or thick undergrowth, at rates not exceeding
sixteen dollars for township or section lines, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveying the public lands in Washington
Territory, at rates not exceeding eighteen dollars
per lineal mile for standard lines, fifteen dollars
for township, and twelve dollars for section lines,
$20,000.
Mr. GARPIELDE, of Washington. I move
to amend the paragraph just read by striking
out "twenty" and inserting in lieu thereof
"forty;" so as to make the amount of the
appropriation $40,000.
Mr. DAWES. I do not oppose that amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
To mark and define the boundary lines between
the Territory of Utah on the north and of Idaho on
the south, $6,480.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the clause just read the following:
For establishing and surveying the southern
boundary of Wyoming, estimated at three hundred
and sixty-six miles, at a rate not exceeding forty
dollars per mile, $21,960.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move to amend
by inserting after the paragraph just adopted
the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay the
expense of the survey of the reservation of the Great
and Little Osage Indians in the State of Kansas,
$75,000. or so much thereof as may be necessary:
Provided, That the amount so paid for said survey
shall be refunded to the Treasury from the proceeds
of the sale of said reservation.
Mr. SARGENT. Allow me to say that I
think this proposition is correct in every respect.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to inquire as to
the purport of the amendment, whether it
contemplates and is intended to direct the sale
of the reservation.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. No, sir, not at
all.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then why does it say that
the expense of the survey shall be refunded
out of the proceeds of the sale of the reser-
vation?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. If the gentle-
man will hear me for a moment, I think he
will not object to the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to reserve the
right to make a point of order on the amend-
ment.
