1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
will dispassionately consider the facts I have
presented will admit that, were San Domingo
free, ; nd her people strengthened by the sense
of security that would be derived irom Amer-
ican promotion against Haytian or other inva-
sion, and were her savannas and hill-sides
cultivated, as they then might be, with mod-
ern appliances, under the control of American
enterprise, slavery would cease to be valu-
able to Cuba, and Spain would be divested of
interest in her as a colony. This is the age
of commerce, and the laws of trade are in-
vincible. By accepting San Domingo we can
peaceably emancipate the whole archipelago,
and secure to those of our people whose con-
stitution fits them for tropical homes posses-
sion and the peaceable enjoyment of the most
productive island of the world.
EX1ENT TO WHICH WE SUPPORT SLAVERY IS FOREIGN
COUNTRIES.
I liave said that, notwithstanding the sacri-
fices we made to abolish slavery, we are its sup-
port and buttress throughout the world. We
cannot ascertain precisely the total amount
of slave products imported into this country
during the last fiscal year, but I find enough
in the four leading articles mentioned, together
with coffee, to demonstrate the truth of my
proposition, and to show, by the amount of
duties collected from these articles, that if we
could produce tliein within the limits of our
revenue system, as San Domingo would be
if accepted by us, we could overthrow slavery
on every island of the archipelago, and so far
impair its value in Brazil as to make eman-
cipation probable. The value of slave-grown
productions imported from Cuba, Porto Rico,
and Brazil during that year was $79,414,019,
being seventeen per cent, of the entire im-
ports of the country, and the amount of duties
on them 545.930,374, or nearly twenty-four per
cent,, of the total duties collected for the year.
The following statement exhibits the amount
and value of the articles named which we im-
ported from slave-labor countries during the
last fiscal year, and the amount of duties levied
thereon. Of those from Cuba, which I have
itheady given in detail, I refer but to the value
ami amount of duties :
Cuba: Value. Duty.
Total $52,861,225 $32,208,730
Pulto Rico:
Sugar, lbs ^130,703.182 0,081.072 3,921,185
Mola-ses, gals... 7,119,9,8 2,016,172 569,591
Brazil:
Coffee, lbs  153,413,456 18,322.580 9,170,ti72
$79,414,049
8-15,930,201
As I have said, Mr. Speaker, San Domingo
is capable of producing an equal amount of
all the commodities embraced in this state-
ment ; and she can do this without impairing
lier capacity to export mahogany, satin, and
other woods for furniture, indigo, and a con-
siderable list of dye-woods. That portion of
the island which belongs to the Dominican
Republic could support a population of five
million people and an immense export trade,
yet the exports from the entire island, em-
bracing Hayti and San Domingo, to this
country for the last year were but $979,655,
of which $419,700, or about four ninths, came
came to us in foreign vessels. The people of
Dominica are not only without machinery, hut
without the simplest tools for agriculture or
the arts. There is not an iron plow within the
limits of the republic nor the simplest form of
a saw-mill, though among the leading exports
are mahogany, lignnm-vitse, logwood, fustic,
lance, satin, and other woods ; and it is impos-
sible to estimate what would be the value and
extent of the productions ot the country under
the application of modern improvements in
science, agricultural machinery, and the pro-
cesses for manufacturing sugar and reducing
fine woods to slab and veneer, or the stimu-
lus that would be given to American ship-
building, the production ot agricultural and
other implements, and to our carrying trade
and commerce, by the development of the
resources of this island by American intelli-
gence and enterprise.
FALSE POSITION OF THE DEMOCEACY ON THIS SUBJECT.
ihose who lead the Democratic party and
claim to have inherited the patriotism and wis-
dom of Jefferson and Jackson cannot see that
any advantage is to result to the country from
the acquisition of San Domingo. They can-
not even tolerate inquiry into the propriety
thereof. They dread territorial expansion, and
would rather let our languishing commerce
perish and the country remain tributary to Spain
and Brazil than incur the risk of accepting San
Domingo from a people who seek peace and
security by adopting our institutions and iden-
tifying their fortunes and fate with ours.
Could anything be more absurd than the pre-
tentious claim of tlaese timid and purblind
beings to be inspired by the spirit of J efferson
and Jackson.
There was never a day in the life of the Dem-
ocratic party, before slavery was abolished, on
which it would not gladly have availed itself of
this opportunity to secure unrestricted and direct
trade with the West India islands, and to plant
upon the grandest of them an outpost of our
country as a matter of convenience and safety
in time of war. Worthy and respected as was
General Lewis Cass, he was never regarded as
among the far-sighted and courageous leaders
of his party. There were always those who
would have gladly elevated him to the Presi-
dency, yet few regarded him as preeminently
qualified to lead public opinion or shape the
destinies of a nation. He was characterized
by a broad measure of good, practical sense,
but not by keen foresight; yet he foresaw
more of the results of the last quarter of a
century than these men, who have lived
through it and witnessed all its stirring events,
are even now able to see.
The influence that steam was to exercise in
ocean commerce and naval warfare had been
but dimly foreshadowed in 1848; yet, on the
10th of May, in that year, General Cass ad-
dressed the Senate of the United States in
support of Mr. Polk's proposition to take
arined occupation of Yucatan, in order, as was
their theory, to prevent England from getting
possession thereof, and to countervail her influ-
ence in setting up the Mosquito king. There
had then been no contest between Ericsson's
Monitor and the Merrimac. France and Eng-
land had no navy of ponderous iron ships.
The bulky commerce of the world was still
carried in wooden vessels, under sail. Yet
General Cass foresaw what, as I have said, the
blind leaders of the Democratic party are in-
capable of perceiving to-day. They have not
yet discovered that depots for fuel are a para-
mount necessity for commercial nations, and
that without them steam navigation must be
circumscribed and inefficient; but in the speech
to which I have referred General Cass said;
"The application of steam-power to armed vessels
has introduced an improvement which may occasion
an entire change in naval warfare. It is difficult to
foresee its consequences, or the effect it may hereafter
produce. One tiling, however, is certain, that armed
steam vessels, ot a size and draught suitable to tlie
navigation they are designed to encounter, will fate
a decisive part in naval operations. Depots lor fuel
become, therefore, of paramount necessity for com-
mercial nations. Without them their steam navi-
gation will be circumscribed and inefficient. With
them, to furnish the supplies required to vessels as
they call for them, the world way be circumnavi-
gated, and steam-power everywhere used. Now, sir,
we have no places of deposit anywhere hut at home,
and England has them everywhere. She has select-
ed her positions for that purpose with that foresight
which marks her character, and she will keep them
at all times supplied with abundance of necessary
fuel. The advantages she will derive from this sys-
tem of policy are sufficiently obvious, and we mast
depend upon our energy to meet them as best we can
when the proper time comes."
Mr. Speaker, the acquisition of San Do-
mingo "would not only increase our commerce
and enable us to rely mainly upon a volunteer
navy for war purposes, but it would give us
such a depot and coaling station as could be
established on no other island in the Carib-
bean sea. The Bay of Samana is unequaled
in extent, beauty, and safety, and the hills
around it are filled with coal suitable for the
purposes of the workshop and the generation
of steam, and crowned with wood fit for naval
purposes. Man's experience discloses 110
want for which nature has not made ample
provision; and the Bay of Samana, in its ex-
tent and safety and the mineral deposits and
forests of timber which surround it, seems
to have been preordained for a great naval
station, and one, too,- that would give to tfie
nation to whom it might belong control of the
passages through the archipelago of our south-
ern coast and of the shores of Central and tbe
northern part of South America.
The scheme of the pro-slavery Democracy
of 1848 for the armed occupation of Yucatan
having failed, and the necessity for a station
for supplies and repairs having pressed itself
upon the attention of successive Administra-
tions, President Pierce ordered then Captain
now General George B. McClellan to repair to
the Dominican republic, inquire into and report
upon the fitness of its bays and harbors for such
a station. A copy of his report is before me.
It is dated August 27, 1854. He says he found
three good harbors, of which Samana was the
best, the others being Mansanilla and Ocoa.
He found excellent oak and yellow pine fit for
use in naval construction, and palm and other
trees adequate for tbe construction of durable
wharves in a tropical sea. One of these, the
name of which escaped his memoiy before he
made his report, he learned was peculiarly
free from liability to attack by worms, the
special foe to timber when exposed to salt
water at tropical temperature. He also found
bituminous coal in many places, and certifies
that specimens thereof that had been exposed
to the weather for'three years burned well. As
to the fitness of Samana for such a station, he
says:
44 The best harbors in the republic of Dominica are
those of Samana. Mansanilla, and Ocoa.
" Ocoa, nearly in the middle of the southern coast
of tbe island, ia entirely out of the usual track of
navigation, and commands nothing. Mansanilla, on
the northern coast, about two thirds of its length to
the westward, is too far from tbe Mona passage, is
somewhat out of the way from the passage between
Cuba and Ilayti, and is badly situated with regard
to the line of reefs extending eastward Irom the
Tnagua islands, besides having dangerous reefs near
its entraee.
"The harbor of Samana is almost directly in the
route of ail vessels using tbe Mona passage, and gives
complete command of that very important thorough-
fare, which is the most safely approached, and most
advantageous in its position with regard to the Span-
ish mam and Caribbean ;sea of ali the frequented
passages.
"Having reason to believe that it possessed all the
requisite properties, and great advantages over the
otheis with regard to health and defense, I devoted
all my tune and attention to its examination. The
bay of Samana, extending some thirty miles from
east to west, and from nine to twelve north andsouth,
is formed by the narrow peninsula of the same name.
The entrance for vessels drawing more than eight
feet is contracted to two thousand yards by a broad
coral reef extending from the southern shore of
the bay. At the north point of the reef are five
keys, thelarff est containing about one hundred acres,
the smallest a mere sand-bank ; the passage for ves-
sels lies between the most northern key and the
peninsula. The largest ships of the line can enter
this bay with the utmost ease, and find secure anchor-
age within, entirely out of cannon .range from, ves-
sels outside the keys.
"The anchorages and small habors on the north-
ern side ot the bay near the entrance are very good,
and have excellent holding-ground. The only objec-
tion to this bay arises iroin the rareness of land
breezes at certain seasons of the year at least; so that
it is difficult for larg« vessels to sail out, as thechan-
nel is somewhat narrow for them to beat through.
This difficulty can bo remedied by the use of a steam-
tug, by kedging, or warping. Were the channel well
'buoyed out,' it is probable that a ship of the line
could, in case of necessity, beat out. With respect to
steamers, there is no obstaclein the way of their enter-
ing or leaving at any time in the day or night. The
peninsula of Samana i3 almost an island; for at its
base the land is low and swampy, much cut up by
inlets, and overgrown with mangrove bushes. The
approach from the mainland is for a league jmd a
half over a narrow, winding path, practicable lor
only one man at a time, partly under water to tho
armpits, and in many places oveihead in mud and
water on cither side.
"The peninsula itself is high and broken; the huls
ranging from a few hundred to two thousand feet in
altitude, exceedingly steep, very irregular in diree-
