1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1621
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Toward the
close of the last session an act of Congress
was passed directing the sale of this reserva-
tion to actual settlers at $1 25 per acre. By
the same act an immediate survey of the reser-
vation was ordered, which survey is now going
oti. But the act provides that the survey shall
be paid for out of the moneys arising from the
sale of the diminished reservation. It pro-
vides at the same time that the settlers shall
riot pay for their claims till one year after the
survey is made. In consequence of these pro-
visions. although the survey is now going on
arid will soon be completed, it cannot be paid
for without additional legislation. The amend-
ment! now submit takes no money out of the
Treasury and does no injustice to the Indians,
it simply proposes to remedy an oversight in
the act of last session. It is supported bythe
recommendation of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, as will appear by the following letter:
Department op the Iktbbioe,
Washihgtox, February 23,1871. '
&5-I_traiisiDit a copy of a letter I have received
from Cfc W. Babcock, esq., surveyor general of Kan-
sas, in relation to the diminished reservation of the
Great and Little Osages. The expense of making
the survey of that land is to be paid by the proceeds
af the sale thereof, and it will be perceived by refer-
ence to the act of Congress, cited in the letter, that
the United States are to pay interest on such pro-
ceeds after certain deductions,specifically mentioned,
shall have been madefromthe amount thereof. The
lands are open to settlement after survey, and are
subject to sale to actual settlers only in quantities
■not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres to each
settlor at $1 per acre, to be paid within one year
from the date of the settlement or the passage of the
act.
The proceeds of the sale will not be realized for
some time, and I have no fund out of which the con-
tractors can be paid when they shall have completed
the survey to the satisfaction of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office.
Irecommend that the sum of $75,000 be appropri-
ated to enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay
for the survey of that reservation, and that the
amount be refunded out of the proceeds of the sale
thereof. I inclose a draft.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. DELANO, Secretary.
Hon. Harlax, Chairman Committee on Indian
Aff&xPti Hutted State* Senate.
Washington, D. C., February 22,1871.
Sik: I have the honor to submit the following
statement concerning the snrvey of the "Osage
diminished reservation" in Kansas. The contracts
for this survey were made through my office, and are
at rates at least twenty-five per cent, below other
work of the same class and in the same district. By
the wording of the act of Congress, approved July
15,1870, (page 362 Statutes.) the survey is to be paid
for from the sale of said lands. As it will be at least
one year from the completion of the surveys before
the lands can be sold and the contractors paid, I
respectfully request, in consideration of thelow price
at which the work is to bo done and the length of
time that necessarily must elapse before payment,
that these contractors be paid, on acceptance of
the work, from the " Osage fund," or any other funds
the Secretary of the Interior may have at his dis-
posal. said money to be refunded to the.Government
from the sale of said lands.
Iam, air. your obedient servant,
C. W. BABCOCK,
Surveyor General Kansas District.
Hon. C. Delano, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. SARGENT. The Indians are provided
for in the Indian country. If this land is pro-
vided to be sold, then, of course, it ought to be
surveyed.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I hope the
amendment maybe again read, so that we may
understand it.
Mt. MAYNA.RD. How many acres does
this land consist of for which we are asked to
make this appropriation of $75,000 ?
_ to. CLARKE, of Kansas. About five mil-
Eon acres.
Mr. MAYNARD. This certainly is a very
large allowance for the purpose indicated.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. The survey is
not completed at the present time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest that the price
be limited to the rate allowed in the other cases.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I will show to the
gentleman from Tennessee the letter I hold in
my hand, where it is stated that that contract
has been made for surveying at a much less
price. Most of this land is open prairie land.
The rate is very low.
Mr. MAYNARD. How low?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. This letter states
that it is twenty-five per cent, lower than the
ordinary price.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest that the amend-
ment shall be modified, so as to provide that
the rates shall not exceed what by this bill is
allowed for surveys in Kansas and Nebraska.
^ Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I have no ob-
jection to that.
The amendment of Mr. Clarke, of Kansas,
as modified, was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For continuing the completion of the survey of
the Colorado of the W est and its tributaries, by Pro-
fessor Powell, under thedirection of the Secretary
of the Interior, $12,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out the
words " Secretary of the Interior" and insert
'•the Smithsonian Institution."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to add the following:
• ®xPe?SB of prosecuting the inquiry author-
ized by law into the cause of the decrease of the food
fishes of the coa.it aud of the lakes, $5,000. to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. MAYNARD. I thought that was not
going to cost ns anything.
Mr. McCORMICK,. of Missouri. Is there
any law authorizing that?
Mr. DAWES. Yes; it was passed at this
session.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PETERS. I move to add the follow-
mg; j
For additional compensation to Henry Douglass,
in the employ of the Doorkeeper of the House of
Representatives for the presentfiscalyear, J100; and
h is regular annual compensation is hereby increased
that amount; and a sum sufficient to pay it for the
next fiscal year is hereby appropriated.
Mr. DAWES. How much does that make it?
Mr. PETERS. Bight hundred and twenty
dollars a year.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
modify his amendment so as to provide for the
specific sum of $820 a year, so we may all
know what it is.
Mr. PETERS. I consent to that modifica-
tion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ■hope the gentleman
will include all the other like employ6s under
the Doorkeeper at the same price.
Mr. DAWES. Oh no; there are reasons
for the increase in this man's case which do
not exist in the others.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I offer the following amend-
ment:
And Godfrey Weitzel, of the corps of engineers,
United States Army, and in charge of the improve-
ments of the Louisville canal, is hereby empowered
and directed, subject to the approval of the chief of
saifl corps of engineers, to adjust and pay ont of any
money appropriated for the improvement of said
canal to John B. Brown any legal or equitable claim
he may have against the United States arising outof
any contract by him to perform work on said im-
provement of said canal in 1670: Provided, That there
shall not be paid to him in any event over $8,200,
nor more under that sum than, together with any
sums already paid him on account of said contract
and work, shall be equal to the fair and reasonable
value to the Government of the work by him per-
formed for the Government under said contract.
Mr. KELSEY. I raise the point of order
on that, that it is a private claim and ought to
have no place in this bill.
Mr. DAWES. I would say to my colleague
on the committee that I think it is very just
and proper, and 
Mr. KELSEY. But we cannot load down
this bill with private claims, however just and
proper.
Mr. DAWES. I at all events am not going
to raise the point of order on it. It is a just
claim.
Mr. BECK. Before the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Kelsey] presses the point of
order, 1 ask him to allow me to make a brief
statement.
Mr. DAWES. It should have gone into the
other bill. It dropped out of the other bill by
mistake.
Mr. BECK. That is just what I was aboat
to state. And the gentleman was prevented
from offering it by the previous question being
ordered, before we reached a point where it
could be offered.
Mr. KELSEY. Upon the statement of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
that this appropriation wasleftout by mistake
in the proper place, I withdraw the point of
order.
The question being taken on Mr. Kerr's
amendment, it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
To compensate Joseph S. Wilsonfor the collection
LandVmie,11o,mntiliC mUSeUm at the General
Mr. KELSEY. I move to strike out that
appropriation. And I do not know but I should
make the point of order on it also. It is not
in pursuance of any law nor in pursuance of
any equity that this man should receive this
sum. Those who listened to the reading of the
official document this morning understand the
question. I first make the point of order upon
the paragraph.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Kelsey]
has already discussed the proposition, and it
is now too late to raise the point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kelsey] is in time in making his
point of order.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to have read a proviso which I propose to
add to the paragraph.
Mr. KELSEY. I will hear it read.
The Clerk read as follows:
At the end online four hundred and sixty-six add
the following;
Provided, That at or previous to the time of the pay-
ment of said sum to him, the said Wilson shall, by a
sufficient conveyance or bill of sale, convey to the
United States all his right, title, and interest in and
to such collection.
Mr. KELSEY. I do not admit that. There
is no title. I am utterly opposed to the whole
thing. I insist on the point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kelsey] raises the point of order
that this is not in order in an appropriation
bill. The Chair is compelled to overrule
the point of order. It is in the nature of
additional salary.
Mr. KELSEY. Then I raise the point that
this man is out of offiee, and you cannot raise
his salary after he has gone out of office.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would not hold
that to be a point- of order.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to be heard in sup-
port of my motion to strike out. I should
hardly have felt it necessary to say anything in
addition to what I said this morning in discuss-
ing this claim but for the special plea put in
by the friends of Mr. Wilson on this floor, that
he had served the Government forty years and
was very poor. My information is very different
from that. I understand that while he has
managed to keep in office under every Admin-
istration for forty years, and for the last'three
years has held the place of Commissioner of
the Land Office, he is very far from being a
poor man. My information is that he is worth
at least $150,000.
Mr. SARGENT. That is a great mistake.
Mr. KELSEY. One half in real estate in
the city of Washington. I do not think that
man can plead poverty very well, nor do I
regard the plea of poverty itself as any reason
for increasing the pay of any officer for merely
discharging his duty.
This man has held the offiee of Commissioner
of the Land Office for something less than three
years. He has superintended these collections,
which were made by his predecessor, and if
you give him this §10,000 you will have to
go back and pay his predecessor §20,000 for
the time he was engaged in making the collec-
tions. More than that, there are two years of
