1871.j
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Foreign Policy of the Government—Mr. Mungcn.
Ho. of Reps.
it, what it is—from the stand-point of living
white races, to whom the full light of modern
civilization is accessible; not by comparing
them in heathen times or during the dark
Middle Ages, though even by that cofitrast the
rule of Russia, or of her sovereigns, would
sulfer terribly.
Mr. Speaker, I believe the Slavonians to
be ii Caucasian people, very much like our-
selves, and they are generally so accepted,
I hough 1 have against me on this point one of
their most eminent savant and poets. Adam
Miekiewiez, (Miskiawish,) for whom the pro-
lessional chair of Slavonic literature in' the
University of Paris was instituted, and with
whose fame and writings you are doubtless
familiar. Among the varied accomplishments
of this great man permit me to say that he
showed himself perfectly conversant with the
statistics of your native State of Pennsylvania
and your adopted State of Maine, and he as-
signs to the Slavonians an Assyrian, or Semetic,
origin. He, a Slavonian, or Slave, himself,
asserts that since antiquity this race has been
so continuously enslaved or in servitude that
in the language of all civilized people the word
'• slave" is derived from its name.
Of this race, including the two great nation-
alities of Russians or Muscovites and Poles,
and all their scattered fragments, Poland only
had a glorious history, and the names of So-
bieski, Kosciusko, and Pulaski are among
those which in childhood we were taught to
revere and love ; they are among the names
which were not born to die. These Poles Rus-
sia is to this day cruelly oppressing. The Polos
cannot be kept satisfied and quiet by oppres-
sion ; tbey have higher and nobler aspirations.
But how is it with their Russian conquerors?
Their masses are still, as they have been, in
fact, slaves and serfs. I am aware that even
Russia has progressed since the reign of Nich-
olas, one of the most cold-blooded and
obstructive despots that ever lived.
I am aware that serfdom or personal slavery,
■which existed in ir,s worst form, has been abol-
ished by his successor; but the bulk of the
people, and all who are not noble—or belong to
the nobility—have gained little by the change,
and are subject to the maltreatment of an
army of officials, and to the irresponsible
infliction of the rod at their caprice and pleas
lire. Within a few months past women of cul-
tivation and refinement have been flogged ; an
unfortunate citizen of Warsaw is heavily fined
and imprisoned for rushing into the street
when his house was on tire and calling for
help in his native Polish language, of which
the public use is prohibited by Russia; deli-
cate ladies stripped and publicly whipped by
brutish Russian officials for uttering a word of
that language which they first heard fall in
accents of Jove from a mother's lips.
in St. Petersburg ladies are not unt'requently
taken from court balls and other places to the
otlice of the secret police and there stripped and
whipped, and admonished to hold their tongues
and behave more discreetly in future, though
entirely ignorant of how they gave offense. All
this occurs still, as in the time of Nicholas,
but not so frequently.
I cannot, therefore, but think that the exten-
sion of such a state of things over Turkey, or
the strengthening of such a system by the pos-
session otOonstantinople, would bo a detriment
instead of a benefit to civilization. I am not
here either as an advocate of the Turks or of
Mohammedanism, though I am bound to say
thatif reformand progress in Turkey have been
slow, they have been honest and real, and have j
been greatly impeded in their march by Rus-
sian and foreign inteference.
But, if the Tuik were driven from Constan-
tinople, who could take his place ? If it were '
iTie Russian, 1 do say that I believe, in the best ]
interests of humanity, we ought to desire the.
restoration of the Turk. In one sense he holds
and is likely to hold that important city as a kind
of trustee for the civilized world ; and so, also,
I believe he will continue to hold it. About
thirty years ago it did indeed look as if the
Turkish empire was going to pieces at the close
of the reign of the Sultan Mahmoud, a great
but unfortunate reformer. He had put down
the Janizaries, and the Nizam or new regu-
lars were yet raw and unwilling. Nearly all
the princes in European Turkey, instigated by
Russian intrigue, were in revolt; Egypt was
in revolt; and Ibrahim Pasha, son of the
famous Mehemet Ali of Egypt, with dis-
ciplined troops and French officers, had over-
run Syria and Palestine, defeated the Sultan's
army in Asia Minor, and were within a few
marches of Constantinople. The fleet which
the Sultan had painfully gathered together
after the catastrophe of Navarino, which had
deprived him of Greece, was betrayed and
taken over bodily to the Egyptians. Then,
indeed, Turkey seemed to be not only " the
sick man," but "the sick man dying." She
recovered, however, from a crisis which per-
haps no European Power, constituted of mixed
nationalities, has ever yet survived ; and that
surprising recovery argues latent elements of
vitality and vigorunsuspected before, and which
it would be wise to estimate in any calculation
as to her future.
Shortly after 1853 she withstood Russia single -
handed on the Danube, worsted the armies of
Nicholas thereon, and forced them to raise the
siege of Silistria. He could not pass the line
of the Danube, much less the ranges of the
Balkan. This was without aid from and not-
withstanding actual hindrance from the allies,
who would have allowed Russia to swallow
Moldo-Wallachia and more, but who finally
did intervene and carried the war to the Crimea.
And why did the allies do this? Simply be-
cause they feared Turkey would rouse Hungary
and Poland, and Italy, as she was prepared to
do, if she had carried on the war unaided
against"Russia but untrammeled on its original
theater.
It was not through friendship to Turkey
that France and England interfered. She had
been partially sacrificed already by the cow-
ardly cabinet of Lord Aberdeen, and by the
understanding of Prince Albert with Nicholas;
and in thisarrangement the unscrupulous Louis
Napoleon was willing to participate for an
equivalent.
But the unexpected resistance made by Tur-
key forcedly changed this programme; and
intervention was then seriously made, not in
favor of Turkey, not to preveut the encroach-
ments of Russia, but to prevent revolution in
Hungary, Italy, Poland, and perhaps Ireland.
It was made in favor of absolute government
and in hostility to the cause of the people. A
vain hostility, at least in part, for subsequent
events have already secured to Hungary and
Italy nearly all it was sought thereby to frus-
trate.
The results of that Crimean war gave to
Turkey at least a breathing time to carry on,
if slowly, the reforms and develop the re-
sources which Russia had been previously able
to hinder or retard, with a watchful, perse-
vering, and ingeniously mischievous activity,
worthy of a better cause. Russia, all things
considered, is very little stronger than when
Sebastopol fell. The Turkish empire is at
least three times as vigorous; she has now
six hundred thousand well-trained and well-
commanded regulars, a fine and well-officered
lleet, which it is more than doubtful whether
that of Russia could successfully meet in Turk-
ish waters ; and she can recruit, reliably, from
twenty-one million Mohammedans ot war like
races devoted to her cause.
If we consider these facts it is difficult to
see liow Constantinople is to fall so easy a prey
to the Czars ; and, for my own part, I believe,
if Turkey perseveres in her present progress-
ive course, that her crescent will still shine
over that city when "the feet of clay" of the
Russian empire of the Czars have crumbled,
and the ''pagod thing" is prostrated in the
dust. These statements may, no doubt, be start-
ling to many of my hearers, as they would once
have been to me, before I gave this subject
close attention and investigation, as entirely
at variance with received opinions, vaguely but
generally accredited. While admitting that it
is difficult to form a correct appreciation of
foreign and distant countries without making
them the subject of especial study, it seems
difficult to believe that popular opinion could
be so flagrantly in error. 1 will briefly explain
the enigma.
There exists, and it has existed for half a
century and probably long before, in the de-
partment of the secret or high police in St.
Petersburg a bureau for the "direction of
public opinion in foreign countries." No Rus-
sian mentions that secret police itself without
awe, nor cares to talk of it to foreigners or
strangers, or with any but intimates, and when
be is assured that" the walls have not got ears."
He feels toward it as we read that the Vene-
tians did toward that terrible, mysterious, and
irresponsible "Council of Ten." It must be
understood that the Government of the Czars,
niggardly and penurious even as it is in com-
pensating the services of its civil and military
officers, to a degree which insures universal
corruption, is profusely lavish of secret-service
money on her secret police, and in that branch
of it which has been named, as well as in all
her foreign relations.
This bureau or board, whose policy never
changes, which profits by all the accumulated
knowledge and experience ofits predecessors,
and respecting whose transactions inviolable
secrecy is intended to be perpetually preserved,
selects resident agents at all available points,
sometimes several in the same place, unknown
to and unsuspected by each other. They are
usually natives of the country in which they
operate, and men of fair or even high political
or social standing. Their well-remunerated
business is by ali means in their power, in so-
cial intercourse, in public assemblies, through
the press, to represent and disseminate what-
ever Russia wishes to be believed, whether in
the form of general opinions favorable to her
or disparaging to her rivals or those she wishes
to despoil, or in favor of or averse to certain
questions in which her clear-sighted policy dis-
cerns an interest. Sometimes these agents of
hers disclaim any sympathy with her ; and
sometimes those hostile to her are, uncon-
sciously to themselves, furthering her views
on certain points, under the unsuspected in-
spiration of th«se agents. In this she has met
with wonderful success, even in Europe, where
public sentiment has been periodically aroused
at some outrage or enormity. We find that,
without any denial or controversy, through her
organs, in a few months, however, by sen-
tences of indignation, soothed down and dis-
armed by discreet and continuous palliation
and diversion, nearly all animosity has lost its
force.
In this country Russia has had full swing
for more than a generation in molding public
opinion, for there has been nothing to impede
her, but on the contrary the circumstance to
favor her so doing of a general feeling of hos-
tility to Great Britain, which in a great meas-
ure the conduct of that Power has justified.
She has therefore scattered her misrepresenta-
tior.s broadcast where they have been allowed
to fructify without molestation.
If we had been brought up among the Brah-
mins. and had always heard that the earth
was flat and rested on the back ot a huge tur-
tle, and bad never heard the contrary, we
