188
APPENDIX $0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Ho. ob Beps.
Foreign Policy of the 'Government—-Mr. Mungen.
41st Con<}....3d Sess.
would some of us almost require to journey
round the world to be convinced of our error.
We are victims of as complete a delusion as
we read that some of those llussian sovereigns
themselves have been, when, traveling through
the steppes or plains, they saw villages and towns
in the distance, which were only of painted can-
vass like stage scenery, and which were removed
duringthc night to sites ahead of them on next
day's march.
If this delusion were only a matter of simple
misconception and feeling it might be properly
left to the correction of time; but when it
affects our national interests it becomes a duty
to investigate the subject. It is not only pop-
ular opinion thatRussia has molded to her will,
but in chief part our foreign policy.
It is a fact that for years past no representa-
tive of the United States has been nominated
or confirmed to any foreign court where Russia
had any interests to subserve without the sanc-
tion of the cabinet of St. Petersburg, unless,
indeed, that cabinet indirectly nominated them
itself. This has been the case not only during
the last ten years, in which the zealous and
untiring advocate and eulogist of Russia for a
quarter of a century past has presided over the
Committee on Foreign Relations in the Senate,
but was so long before that, and mainly through
his exertions.
In the language of Mrs. M. Walker Cook, of
New Jersey, a sister to the late lion. Robert
J. Walker, I would say:
"It is surely known to all that tho murder of
Poland is the darkest page, save one, in tho history
of humanity, black with mutilation, cruelty, and
sacrilege, blotted with tears ajid drenched in blood.
Its supernatural darkness is rendered more ghastly
by the lightning Hashes stricken from noble and
brave souls as they drift through the wild tempests
and whirlwinds of agony.
. " Not satistied with the murder of thebody, a sys-
tematic ellort has been mado to kill tho collectivo
houl of the Polish nation, its nationality; not con-
tent with tho rum of the present, tho annihilation
of the future, it is deemed necessary to obliterate the
jutet; tor that past is so full oi. quickening glory that
the nation cannot die while it lives. This glory is a
bloody and dread specter which haunts all the ban-
quets of tho royal and imperial assassins. Its eyes
are closed, its hands are ciossed, its crimson shroud
wrapped stUlingly .it oemd it, and tho collin-lid pressed
by the weight of throe empires, Russia, Prussia, and
Austria, upon it; but an angel still rolls the stono
|rom tho scpulcher* audit lives and will ever live in
its sons."
To destroy this living spirit, to obliterate the
traces of its past existence, strange devices are
invented. Geography is written anew, history
falsified, and ethnology outraged. New acts
of cruelty are constantly perpetrated, and the
goddess of silence, propitiated by Plutus,
ignores them. The pen of the native historian
is arrested, the quivering chords torn from the
lyre of the poet; exile and death are not only
their penalty, but the certain doom of all who
publish or own their works. War is made on
sill national records and monuments, the
mother tongue has been banished from the lips
of the children, national libraries and public
col lections are carried into Russia, and col-
leges ami schools suppressed. Thousandsupon
thousands of unwilling families have been
transported to the Caucasus, or to the wilds
of Eastern Asia, multitudes of children torn
from the arms of their distracted mothers, "to
die like flies upon their long route." Con-
scriptions have been barbarously multiplied,
and interminable lines of wretched exiles
driven forever over that path of anguish beyond
which there is 110 hope, the true, living realiza-
tion of the frozen hell of Dante—Siberia.
Some curious facts may be stated in this
relatiou. The diamonds commemorating the
heroism of Ivordecki were torn from the cor-
onet of the Virgin of Czenstochowa, and in
1807 glittered on the brow of the queen ofPrus-
siii. The equestrian statue of Prince Joseph
Poniatowski, from the chisel of the great
Thorwaldsen, was mutilated and carried off to
the fortress of Modlin, where it is destined to
serve as St. George, patron saint of Russia.
The house of the early Polish song-bird, Koch-
anowski, lies in ruins; nor stone nor inscrip-
tion mark the spot where sounded the golden
lyre. The palace of Andre Zamoyski, full of
artistic and scientific treasures, in which stood
the piano of the sublime and national com-
poser, Chopin, very dear to his sister, was
ruthlessly burned to the ground. Zoliber, with
its classic shades and noble buildings, once
devoted to science and literature, is now known
as the citadel of Warsaw. In place of prayer,
science, and the vigorous rythm of Polish
poetry, are now heard the sharp cry of the
Russian sentinel, the rattling of chains; and
the casemates arc seen bristling with cannon,
decorated with Russia's double-headed eagle,
beaks and claws ever ready to tear hearts dar-
ing to dream of country or to sigh for liberty.
The Poles constructed upon the bill of
Bronislawa (upholder of glory) another hill
of immense size, in memory of Kosciusko,
composed in part of earth brought from the
various battle-fields on which that hero had
distinguished himself, trusting that such a
monument would be imperishable ; but, as if
in defiance of that liberty for which he suf-
fered, and of the two peoples in either hemi-
sphere—Poles and Americans—who honored
and loved him, it has been converted into the
center of a vast system of fortifications in-
tended to keep his country in subjection; and
his mound is the general target of foreign
musketry.
Copernicus, in spite of the magnanimous
denial of Humboldt, figures everywhere as a
Prussian. The circular opening which he had
made in his humble house, in order that the
solar rays might fall upon an immense gno-
mon, or dial, 011 the opposite wall, has been
closed and the gnomon effaced. His life and
tho analysis of his discoveries by his country-
man. Sniadezki, have been done into German,
and figures as the original work of Dr. Henri
Westphal. The tower which once served Co-
pernicus as an observatory, from which he
read the mystic glories of the house of God
and revealed the secrets of the starry universe
to man, has been changed by the Prussian Gov-
ernment into a prison, and the clanking of
chains has taken the place of the sublime med-
itations of the Polish astronomer.
It is useless to multiply examples, since, in
obedience to the commands of Catharine, "ab-
stractions have been made of all the illusions
of humanity." " Russification " is one of the
cruelest words ever coined by a despot. It
means death, exile, and the extinction of
nationality.
Washington and Kosciusko are double stars
in the heaven of humanity. Both wore brave,
self-saorifieing, and heroic. The first shines
calmly over our great and happy country ; the
other gleams sadly down upon Siberian plains,
upon the mutilated corpse of Poland, but still
warms the living soul of Polish nationality.
Both are forever united in the history of pro-
gress and liberty.
I may add that the cry of victims, male and
female, writhing under the infliction of the
rods, or the murderous plitt, a more cruel in-
strument than the knout, resounds where once
was heard the voice of Kosciusko and his com-
patriots.
England has a policy which, like that of
Rome, follows, protects, and shields her sub-
jects wherever they may be on earth. Look
how it was in regard to the Abyssinian war.
Have we any such arrangements? No. Our
seafaring men complain of the manner in which
they are treated in foreign countries as com-
pared with the men of other nationalities. Our
consuls are pinched down to almost nothing,
compelled to live in back streets and garrets
in European cities unless they have capital of
their own to fall back on. As a consequence,
they attain no standing in society compara-
tively, and when they wish to accomplish some
object are frequently compelled to call on the
British, French, or other foreign minister.
The representative of Great Britain at Hako-
dadi in Japan receives a salary of about eighty
thousand dollars per year, ours some two
thousand or twenty-five hundred dollars. Our
miserable policy in the countries of western
Europe can be understood when we reflpct that,
unlike England and other nations, we have no
arrangement whereby our citizens taken sick
or becoming otherwise unable to travel can
receive aid in hospitals. I will give a single
case, to illustrate:
In the month of June, 1869, a Mr. Mason,
a "New York publisher, died at Schlengen-
baden, in Prussia. He died very suddenly,
about twelve o'clock at night. In about thirty
minutes the police came to the room, and,
despite the prayers and entreaties of his heart-
brolten wife, they took his remains to a stable.
He had not died of any contagious disease.
But behold the charges, to say nothing of the
brutality. The police charges were nine hun-
dred Prussian dollars, (a Prussian thaler being
about seventy cents of our money;) the owner
of the stable charged two hundred and fifty
Prussian dollars for his remains lying therein
a few hours ; the landlord of the hotel charged
five hundred dollars for him dying in his house,
and three hundred dollars for damage to the
bed upon which he died; and the embalmer
of his body charged fifteen hundred dollars;
and some other such charges added as extras
made the whole sum wrung out of his widow
thirty-eight hundred Prussian dollars. About
the same time a subject of Great Britain died
at the same place, and all the charges they
could trump up or dare make were three hun-
dred and two Prussian dollars. Great Britain
has a foreign policy; we have none. These
facts have been reported to the State Depart-
ment, but 110 notice has been taken, and the
matter is passed over without a word.
How is it in regard to Spain ? Our seamen,
and others of our countrymen landing at
Havana, when they touch the wharf a " blue-
blooded '' Spanish official steps up and relieves
them of all their arms, even to a penknife.
When they go up into the city, for the most
trivial offense they are arrested and sentenced
to sweep the streets and do other menial work
with a ball and chain to their foot. If an
American passing through tho streets should
see his friend or his brother in the chain-gang
he dare not speak a word to him under penalty
of being placed by his side.
It is well known that for years the Spaniards
have been in the habit of firing shots across
the bows of our vessels and "bringing them
to," then boarding and examining the vessels
and papers. We have, craven-like, submitted.
Young Crittenden and his fifty young comrades,
all Americans, were shot down like dogs in the
plaza at Havana without any trial or judge
or jury, withont even a protest, or at, least an
effort, on the part of our consul there, Mr.
Roberts, to save them. And our Government
has never said a word about the matter since.
Inoffensive and newly-landed American citi-
zens are shot down in the streets of Havana
for simply wearing blue neck-ties. A British
lady, with her blue ribbon, a few days after
declines an escort from the captain general
and says, "I am a British subject; they dare
not touch me." She was right. American
citizens, native and adopted, official and non-
official, have been plundered and murdered
with impunity, or with only such prospect of
inadequate pecuniary redress to the living or
to the families of the dead as may be afforded
by a joint commission whenever that has been
established by slow negotiation, and not only
after its still slower award has been made, but
not until our State Department, ai'ier it has
