1622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,'
collections made by Professor Hayden in this
Department, which never cost Mr. Wilson one
cent. He never had any title to any part of it.
He is not entitled to a single dollar. It is a
mere effort to give to this man a bonus because
President Grant has seen fit to remove him
from office. If gentlemen want to censure the
President for that act they can do so by voting
to make this man a present of $10,000. Now,
I want to say in reply to what the gentleman
from California said this morning, that up to
the last session of Congress I had never seen
this man; I knew nothing about bim when
he came before the committee to tell us that
we could not possibly reduce his estimates from
$248,000 without embarrassing his bureau,
and when we discovered that he had saved out
of the appropriations for his bureau $479,000,
of which he rendered no account in the defi-
ciencies which were reported to the House.
Mr. SARGENT. It was not his place to
render such an account. It was the business
of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. KELSEY. It is the place of every single
officer of the Government to report to bis chief
the unexpended balances on hand. We had a
document before us pretending to give those
balances, and there was not a dollar of bal-
ance reported from this officer. He came be-
fore the committee and told us that we had
to appropriate $248,000 for that bureau or
we would embarrass its operations. When
the question was put to him if there was any
unexpended balance he said bethought, he had
some, but could not tell how much; he could
tell in five minutes if he were at his office. He
went to his office and came back to the com-
mittee, and said on examination he found that
he had money enough to run his office for the
next fiscal year without any appropriations.
Mr. MeCORMICK, of Missouri. That mani-
fested economy.
Mr. KELSEY. Of course he had not stolen
any of the money; but he had fixed it so that
it could be stolen and taken out of the Treas-
ury when it ought not to be.
Mr. SARGENT. Not onedollarwas taken
from the Treasury.
Mr. KELSEY. He put it so that it could
be drawn.
Mr. SARGENT. Only on regular vouchers.
Mr. KELSEY. In answer to a letter from
the chairman of the committee inquiring as to
the amount of money he had from unex-
pended balances, he reported it at $479,000.
I make 1 his statement to correct what the gen-
tleman from California said this morning. I
stated these facts last session in a speech that
i made upon this floor, and I was assailed with
great vehemence by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] I .did not hear his
remarks, or I should have replied to them at
the time ; but I saw them in the Globe. He
seemed to think that this man was the whole
Land Office, that the Government would have
to stop its operations in the public lands
when Joseph S. Wilson ceased to control that
bureau ; that nobody else could take his place;
and perhaps it would be well for gentlemen to
inquire before they make this donation whether
this Government can possibly stand if this
gentleman should happen to die! [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, having called the atten-
tion of the House to these facts, and shown
that this is purely an attempt to make a dona-
tion of $10,000 to this officer, who has retired
from the Government, I leave it for the House
to determine whether it will do it. I have
entered ray protest against it.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I came into the
House some months ago and heard the gen-
tleman from New York who has just taken his
seat making an elaborate speech, in which he
attacked very severely the Commissioner of
the General Land Office. I then stated, what
I believed to be the truth, that the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office had been a
faithful officer, and that he knew more of cer-
tain questions, and had given the Government
more of information of a certain character,
than any other officer, and that it would be by
no means a wise thing for the Government to
dispense with the services of those men who
had been for. many years studying a class of
questions very rarely brought to the atten-
tion of other men. I did not think it would
be wise to dismiss this officer then. He had
cherished with the zeal of an enthusiast the
traditions of the Government under such men
as Hamilton, Jefferson, the Adamses, and, at
a later period, of Webster, Clay, Benton, and
other leaders of the Government. Such offi-
cers are too rare among us; and under other
forms of government they are never retired
from office so long as they are capable of ser-
vice. It was the recollection of this fact that
led me to speak so earnestly at that time in
his defense.
Now, I desire to say in regard to this propo-
sition that I do not think it a very extravagant
or extraordinary appropriation to give to the
ex-Commissioner of the Land Office if he be
the creator of the museum which is now estab-
lished in the Department and which repre-
sents so perfectly the mineral products of this
country.
Mr. WILKINSON. I would inquire of the
gentleman if Mr. Wilson started this museum,
and whether it was not started by Mr. Ed-
munds?
Mr. BANKS. I said if he was its creator;
of course if it belongs to anybody else I am
willing that that person should be included in
the appropriation. I do not object to that.
But I do thiuk that when an officer of the Gov-
ernment devotes all his leisure time, in office
and out of office hours, to the creation of such
an exposition of the wealth of the country,
when after forty years in' the service of the
Government he retires with scarcely sufficient
means for his support, itis not an extraordin-
ary or an extravagant act for u3 to make a
small appropriation to pay him for this par-
ticular and valuable service.
And I say, in further reply to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Kelsey,] that Mr. Wil-
son was an officer of the Government who
gave to the Government the information upon
which it defended its title in one hundred and
sixty or one hundred and seventy suits of im-
mense importance and value, under the laws
of Congress allowing claimants under Spanish,
French, and British titles to institute suits
against the United States to obtain recognition
and confirmation of their titles under the Gov-
ernments which preceded ours on this conti-
nent.- There were suits among these cases
which involved millions of acres of valuable
land, others for hundreds of thousands of acres,
and others of lesser extent and value, number-
ing, as I have said, one hundred and sixty or
one hundred seventy in all. In each and all
of these important cases Mr. Wilson prepared
the cases in detail, giving the historical facts,
laws, and decisions upon which the title of the
United States rested.
Mr. KELSEY. Was that any more than
his official duty?
Mr. BANKS. It was, I think, something
more than his official duty to prepare the law
briefs for the Government in those cases. All
that the Government could ask of him was to
give them such records and titles as might be
found in his office; and I believe it may be said
further, so complete were his researches and so
clear his statements that the Government was
defeated in not more than four of the cases in
which it sought to defend its title. He enabled
the law officers of the Government, among
others, to maintain its rights against the claims
of a grandson of John Law, the celebrated
originator of the Mississippi scheme. But he
did very much more than that; he prepared
the cases for the Government; and even if that
was in the line of his duty, it is much more,
very much more, than many other officers have
done in similar positions. Reports of the
Land Commissioner are invaluable repositories
of information upon the subject of the pub-
lic lands and all kindred topics. Indeed, it
has been said that he has crowded too much
information into them and given attention to
topics which belonged to other Departments.
Mr. Wilson has been rarely equaled in indus-
try in the discharge of his official duties. In a
period of more than forty years' service he has
not been absentfrom his office, in the aggregate,
more than ten or twelve days for purposes
of recreation.- Even in sickness he has in his
chamber performed his official labors. They
have averaged during his whole official career
from fourteen to sixteen hours a day, I am
told. And in these days, when we hear it said
elsewhere that there are persons in the service
of the Government who scarcely visit their
offices once a month, and even worse than
that, such industry is no slight merit, and we
cannot do a great wrong if we give it our
approval. I do not censure the Executive for
removing Mr. Wilson; that was undoubtedly
his right. But if after forty years' service,
during which he has done great good, we
can find an opportunity to compensate him
for special and very important services not
within the legitimate line of his duty, I think
we should do it; and I would be willing to
recognize in the same manner similar services
on the part of any other officer.
In regard to the remarks of the gentleman
from New Yorkupon thesubjectof unexpended
balances, it is only necessary to say that he
refers to a period when unexpended balances
remained in every Department and bureau of
the Government. It was the result of unre-
stricted appropriations made for the support of
the Government during the war. He implies
by his remarks that it was an error if not a
crime in Mr. Wilson to have asked other appro-
priations while these unexpended balances
remained, whereas it should have been stated
tohiscredit. Mr. Wilson could have expended
all of this money which had been placed in liis
hands for this purpuse by public laws; but he
administered his department with the greatest
economy, denying himself a carriage, which
nearly all the. other officers employed, and
saving to the Government all in his power in
itsaunual expenditures. Instead of using these
balances which remained over, as others might
have done, he came each year, in accordance
with the ideas inherited from the earlier prac-
tices of the Government, to ask of Congress ihe
amount which was necessary tor the yearly
expenditure of his office. There is not a shadow
of wrong in this practice; on the contrary, it
should be stated to his honor and strengthen
the appeal that is now made upon other grounds
for compensation of other services. I hope
such services, which are not too common in
our days, will be recognized by according to
Mr. Wilson the small appropriation which the
committee has recommended to compensate
him for the creation of the museum attached
to the General Land Office.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I have nothing
to say about the late Commissioner of the
General Land Office, except so far as this
transaction is concerned. 1 hold in my hand
a report of the Secretary of the Interior, from
which 1 learn that the collection of this ctib-
iuet commenced under Hon. J. M. Edmunds,
a former Commissioner of the General Land
Office, who, on the 10th of February, 1862,
issued hisfirstcirculars to land officers through-
out the country ; and by reason of his efforts
in that direction an immense deal wa3 done
toward collecting this cabinet. The first action
of Mr. Wilson, so far as I can discover, was in
18G8, when he issued a similar circular to all
the land officers throughout the country, and
by means of that effort on his part, of course
this cabinet was increased.
This report seta forth all the expense which
the Government has been toon this account,
all that this very cabinet has cost; that is, some-
thing over $4,000. The Government has paid
every dollar of the expense of clerk hire, of
