fr96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
tiOJV&fid interspersed with narrow, sloping valleys,
the whole covered with adensegrowthofunderbrush,
^ines, and timber. It is well watered by small mount-
ain Streams. The predominant rock is a limestone,
generally porous, but often occurring of such a qual-
ity aa to form a good building-stone in that climate,
and in localities convenient for working."
But General McClellan's report is not the
only evidence of the wisdom and patriotism
of President Grant's effort to acquire San
Domingo furnished by Democratic Adminis-
trations while statesmen of sagacity were at
the head of that party. • It appears that Yuca-
tanwas not sufficient to satisfy the ambitious
desires of Mr. Polk and his administration. In
February, 1845, he sent Mr. John Hogan as
"the special agent and commissioner of the
United States to the island of San Domingo or
Hayti." The duties enjoined on him were
"particularly to inquire into and report upon
the present condition, capacity, and resources
of the newrepublic of Dominica." Mr. Hogan
having performed his duties made a much more
elaborate and intelligent report than General
McClellan submitted to President Pierce, nine
years later. Let me quote his description of
the island and its probable future relation to
the international affairs of the world. In open-
ing his report he said:
" The island known under the several names of
Hispaniola, San Domingo, and Ilayti is, as is well
known, in extent among the largest, and in fertility
of soil, character, and quantity of its productions,
one of the most important of the islands of the West
Indies. The central position which it occupies in
that archipelago, separated from Cuba by a channel
of only forty miles, intermediate between Jamaica
on the west and Porto Rico on the east, its vicinity
to the commercial ports of the United States, the
provinces of Honduras and Yucatan, and what has
been long known as the Spanish main of South
America, confer upon it a political importance
second only to its commercial. In the handt of a
powerful and enterprising nation its influence would
be^ felt in all the ramifications of human concerns.
" This island is again peculiar from the number and
capacity of its harbors. The entire coast is studded
with deep and valuable ports, and intersected with
rivers penetrating far into the interior, which render
all its resources, natural and industrial, available in
augmenting the power and extending the commerce
of the nation which might either acquire the power
ol sovereignty over it or become connected with it
in the relations of mutual independence. A glance
at the map will exhibit at once to your eye theinest-
imable value of this island, and its commanding
position in a military and commercial point of view.
Independently of its own internal resources, mineral
and agricultural, its position renders this magnifi-
cent island one of the most admirable positions
which the world can exhibit for a commercial em-
porium. Its vast and securo bays would afford shel-
ter for the congregated navies of the world. Its
situation renders it accessible to the most important
marts of this continent."
If, aa Mr. Hogan predicts, the influence of
San Domingo is to be felt in all the ramifica-
tions of human concerns, had it not better be
under the inspiration of American republic-
anism than as the colony of any of the des-
potic or reactionary Governments of Europe?
ri hat she may put forth her influence wisely and
for the good of mankind I would give her our
literature, laws, and institutions, and through
her common schools begin the work of making
our language that of the people of the entire
archipelago.
BuUet us hearfurtherfrom President Polk's
commissioner, Mr. Hogan, as to the importance
ot the geographical position and the grandeur
and variety of her material resources. Kecur-
ring to the subject, and speaking first of the
whole island, he says:
"The island, which has ®f late years resumed in
the hands or the blacks its original name of Haiti,
or Hay ti, was usually known a^ San Domingo by the
-bullish and irench, and as ilispaniolaby the Span-
iards. It hes about southeast of the island of Cuba-,
lrom which it is separated by a channel of about
iortymiles in width; eastwardly from Jamaica,
which is at the distanceof onehundred miles; west-
wardiy from Porto Rico, distant thirty miles. It is
directly soufh from the city of New York, which is
about liiteen hundred miles removed; from Charles-
ton and Savannah, about nine hundred miles;
witbm a few days' anil of Nicaragua, Yucatan, and
Honduras, and equally convenient to Trinidad and
the northern shores of the South American conti-
nent. This commanding position, in both a political
and commercial pointof view, is materially strength-
..... .....   .3 interior for a depth of eight
leagues, with a proportionate width, and is capable
of holding all the iiavies of the world. The char-
acter of the shores of this bay and the noble timber
which covers the adjacent country furnish inex-
haustible means for repairing or even building
ships of every dimension. This island extends, in
its greatest length, nearly, from east to west, a dis-
tance of about three hundred miles, and from north
to south its greatest breadth is about one hundred
and fitty miles, with a superficial area of thirty thou-
sand square miles. Its Indian name, Hayti, mean-
ing mountainous, indicates the most striking feature
in its physical conformation,-the most elevated points
rising to the height of about six thousand feet above
the surrounding ocean. The hilly region is, how-
ever, intersected With numerous valleys, where the
fertile character ot the soil and a genial climate
produce an exuberance of the most valuable and
diversified vegetation. In other parts of the island
extensive natural meadows or savannahs appear,
which furnish an abundant provision for large quan-
tities of cattle and horses. San Domingo is, in gen-
eral, well watered by numerous rivers, which pen-
etrate into the interior and add to the productive
capacities of a soil of unsurpassed fertility. The
irregular character of the surface and the greater
or less distance from the ocean occasion consider-
able diversities of climate, varying from the oppress-
ive tropical heat, which, combined with a humid
atmosphere, renders some parts peculiarly obnox-
ious to the vomito or yellow fever, to the elevated
mountain ridges, where the coid is sometimes found
to be unpleasant to those habituated to the more
enervating, influences of the tropica. The excessive
heat, which would otherwise be insupportable, of
the sea-board is, however, delightfully tempered by
the sea breeze, which regularly, at ten o'clock a, m.,
lends its refreshing influences to the weary and
exhausted sufferers.
" Undersuch propttiouscircumstances, asmay read-
ily be supposed, the vegetable products of the island
are as abundant as they are diversified in character.
Almost all the productions of the tropical and tem-
perate zones find a genial soil and climate in some
part of its various regions. The sugar-cane, cotton,
tobacco, rice, and cocoa are grown in great abun-
dance; while the plantain, vanilla, potato, and other
minor articles are indigenous to thesoil. The mount-
ains are covered with valuable timber, among which
are especially to be noticed the mahogany, satin-
wood, li've-oak, and other useful descriptions of
tree.
*' Nor are the mineral riches of this island less im-
portant. It is well known that from the period of
its discovery by the Spaniards large quantities of
gold have been extracted from the soil, chiefly, how-
ever, by washing irom the -hills. It is known that
there also exists tho mostcopious suppliesof copper,
coal, rock-salt, iron ore, niter, and other valuable
minerals. These, however, owing to the distracted
state of the country, have been imperfectly developed.
"This magnificent island, upon which nature has
lavished her choicest treasures with a profuse hand,
has, however, been the victim of all the misery which
man can inflict upon his brother man. It was occu-
pied by the divided authority of France and Spain,
the former possessing the western portion and the
latter the eastern part of the island, while the line
of demarkation between them was irregular, extend-
ing in a northerly and southwardly course across it.
The part belonging to Spain extended over rather a
greater extent of superfices than that which apper-
tained to France.
"About the year 1789 the island had perhaps at-
tained its highest condition of prosperity, and its ex-
ports wero then deemed more abundant and more
valuable than those of Cuba. At that period broke
out those devastating intestine commotions which
spread horror and misery over this unfortunate
region, marked by traits of ferocity and a depth of
human suffering rarely equaled and never surpassed.
The black population of the French moiety of the
island roso in insurrection against their musters; a
servile war raged with all its terrors. Armies, the
pride and boast of France, were annihilated by the
combined influences of war and climate; the negroes
established their ascendency, and the independency
of the llaytian republic was finally recognized by
the French monarch in 1825, in consideration of a
large pecuniary indemnity, payable to the former
proprietors of thesoil.
"It is, however, toberemarked, whatcawnotindeed
bo readily understood and has not been satisfactorily
explained, so far as my information extends, that
although the political authority of the blacks had
been extended as early as 1821 over the Spanish por-
tion of the island, so that it was wholly subjugated
to their sway, yet this recognition of independence
by France is in termsj restricted to the French part
of the island,
"This extension of the black authority continued
without intermission until the opening of the year
1844, when the inhabitants of the Spanish portion of
the island raised the standard of revolt, threw off the
ignominious yoke which bad been imposed by the
authorities of Hayti, and declared their independ-
ence. The republic of Dominica was then consti-
tuted. Since that period the war between the two
parties has been continued, but the new community
has thus far successfully maintained its independ-
ence, has organized a regular form of government,
established a written fundamental constitution based
upon republican principles, and holds oat the best
founded prospects of triumphing in the contest, even
to the extent of extending its authority throughout
the entire island.
" Such was the origin, and in brief such the'present
position of the new republic, to which 1 have had
the honor of being commissioned.
"The territories of tho republic are thoso which
formerly belonged to Spain, and constitute about a
moiety of the island, whether we estimate the ex-
tent of country, the chaiacter of the soil, and gener-
ally the sources of wealth. The population consists
of about two hundred and thirty thousand, of whom
forty thousand are blacks, and over one hundred
thousand are whites."
Such, Mr. Speaker, is San Domingo, the
true Queen of the Antilles, and such is the sad
story of her people. Her natural wealth is
boundless, and infinite in its variety. It is also
exhaustless, for its sources are perennial ; yet
her impoverished and decimated people live
in dread uncertainty, which, like the shadow
of impending death, precludes exertion for
the future. In view of her resources and her
many bays and harbors, she should be the
center of a world-wide and busy commerce;
but her bays and harbors are rarely shadowed
by a sail, and a single steamer, the Tybe, vis-
iting her ports but once a month, suffices for
the greater part of her trade and communica-
tion with the great commercial Republic whose
immediate neighbor she is. From the depths
of their despair the people of the republic
of Dominica implore us to remove the dread
shadow under which they live, expose her
wealth to view, and cause it to be applied to
the uses of maukind. Moved by their appeal,
and instructed by the action of all his really
great predecessors, the President proposes to
the country to bless them and the world by
granting their prayer; and for this he is assailed
by the puny and short sighted leaders of the
Democratic party. Against their assaults I
will not pause to defend him. He has vindi-
cated to_ the world and history the singleness
and rectitude of his purposes by the selection
of Benjamin F. Wade, Andrew D. White, and
Samuel G. Howe, as commissioners to make
the inquiries ordered by Congress. Truer men
than these he could not have named, nor men
more free from the suspicion of liability to
corrupt or sinister influences; and President
Grant may well express a willingness to abide
the result of their invesigations, confident that
it will justify all that he has done, and result
in adding the tropical wealth of San Domingo
to the mighty resources of the United States,
and in the revival and expansion of our lan-
guishing commerce.
During the delivery of the above speech,
Mr. Kelley's hour having expired, by unan-
imous consent his time was extended.
san domingo.
Mr. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
call the attention of this House and the coun-
try_ to a few facts, historical and otherwise,
which it would, in my judgment, be well to
consider in connection with the proposition to
annex the Dominican republic. The fact3
relate mainly to the geographical position of
San Domingo, the climate thereof, the effect
of the climate on the white citizen and soldier,
the experience of Spain, England, and France
in their attempts to hold the island, and the
character of the people inhabiting it.
GEOGRAPHICAL POSITION.
'"The island of San Domingo Hes between Cuba
on the northwest, Porto Rico on the southeast, and
Jamaica on the southwest."—Dr. J. Brown.
"It lies about southeast of the island of Cuba,
from which it is separated by a channel ot about
forty miles in width; eastwardly from Jamaica,
which is at the distance of one hundred miles;
westwardiy from Porto Eico, distant thirly mile-,
it is directly south from the city of .Now York
which is about lifteen hundred miles removed; from
Charleston and Savannah about mno hunched
miles; within a few days' sail of Nicaragua, Yuca-
tan, and Honduras, and equally convenient to Trin-
idad and the northern shores ol the South American
«ontment. —John Jiagan to Air. Jjuchanan.
CLIMATK.
" The climate of San Domingo is. of course, that of
the torrid zone, but the heat is modified not only by
the verystrong influence impressed upon its temper-
ature by the surrounding ocean, but by a thousand
local peculiarities of mountain and plain, latitude,
and degree of exposureto thesun'srays. All attend-
ant circumstances being the same, the heat is never
so great ason the same meridian upon the continent
of America. The mean heat throughout the year
might be assumed at eightj^-flve degrees ot' Fahren-
heit within those situations least subjected to cool-
ing itifiuencofc, l*ut upon the highest devotions of
