1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
the mountains of La Hotte it is said that the negroes
from Atnca could not at first endure the severity of
tho old. However the thermometrical indications
of temperature may be, the heat i? j-endered endur-
able and pieasant by the temperatmg influence of
the fcea breeze. This usualsy begins to ipake itself
felt at a bout nine o'clock in the morning, and it goes
on gradually augmenting in strength until three
o'clock ni the afternoon, when it oiten blows with
great force, bringing with it a freshness and moisture
from the ocean, winch most powerfully counteracts
theparehing.cnervatinginfluenceof a glowing, vert-
ical sun. All persons now throw open their heated
apartments and give themselves to the luxurious
indulgence of pitting or reclining in a current of this
delightful wind, which continues to blow, though
with less violence, until sunset, when there is a
period of sultry, oppressive calmness, to be suc-
ceeded within an hour by a wind that blowsdry and
cool from the land, and U felt with more or less
luice through tho nigbl, till another calm takes
plaee, to continue through the morning. This is the
common course of things, though from time to time
this agreeable vicissitude is replaced by ocean winds
less conducive to the comfort of tho inhabitants.
Occasionally, Irom November to April, tho north-
west trade-winds sweep so fiercely along the shores
of the island as to break up this regularity in the
succession of land and sea breezes.
" Now there occurs waat is called the norther, a
wind th.it much resembles in its sensations and
efiects the dry land wind of India, or tramontane at
2faple«. During its continuance everything is dry,
parched, and dusty, and everybody ill at ease and
filled with citarrhs, cramps, and rheumatism. In
every pl.ice there is the same unvarying picture of
bleak, dreary desolation. The sky, instead of the
usual .-ofmoss and delicacy of its tints, has a hard,
cold aspect of wintryness. Tho air is filled to suffo-
cation with clouds of fine dust, in which the sun's
rays are refracted into a thousand brilliant hues, that
glitter for a moment ana pass slowly away to the
westward. Every house is closely shut, and the
inmates crowd themselves into every corner that
aSords shelter from the pervading influence of this
pernicious wind." * " x * *
" The seasons are divided into the rainy and dry.
The rains begin s'om i time in April and continue to
fall in occasional showers till October, when they
begin to decline, and in December the dry season has
fairlv commenced."—Dr. Brown.
"The iriegularcharacter of the surface, and the
greater or le s distance from the ocean, occasion
consider:! bie diversities of climate, varying from the
oppic-sive tropical heat, which, combined with a
humid atirospnere, renders some parts peculiarly
obnoxious to the vounto or yellow fever, to the ele-
vated mountain lid^es, where the cold is sometimes
found to be unpleasant to those habituated to the
more enervating influences of the tropics. The ex-
cessive heat, which would otherwise be insupport-
able, of the sea-board is, however, delightfully tem-
pered by the sea breeze, which ree-ularly, at ten
o'clock a. m., lends its refreshing influences to the
weary and exhausted sufferers.'"—JoknHogan.
TORNADOES AND EARTHQUAKES.
When Don Diego Columbus reached the
island, about the year 1500, he found that—
'* The city of San Domingo had just been nearly de-
molished by one of tno>e violent and destructive
tornadoes that occasionally sweep so fearfully over
regions within the tropics."—Dr. J. Broxcn'a His-
tory of San Domingo.
Jjobadilla, secretary of State of the Domin-
ican republic, in a letter dated November
19, 1U5, uses the following language in refer-
ence to the population of Hayti:
""We have historical and positive data to show
that they cannot assemble an army of thirty-five
^thousand men, more particularly since the year
1842, during which they buffered considerable dimin-
ution of population fiom those who were killed by
the earthquake of May in that year."
Rev. Thomas DePortas, Catholic bishopof
the diocese of San Domingo, in enumerating
the churches in that part of the island known
as the Dominican republic, says:
**In the extreme end of the town, near the fort
of St. Giles, exists a temple that was provisionally
erected after the great earthquake."
" Without the walls of this city is the villa of San
Carlos de Tenenffe, with a provisional hermitage
and its curate. The temple having been injured by
the effectof the earthquake of 1842, is now ina state
of repair." x "■ .* JL ...
"The villa of the Conception de la V ega, with a
good temple, but ill-treated by the earthquake, and
a quarter of a league from thence is the famous
mountain called La Vega, on the feurarait of which
is seen a temple where the hole made by Admiral
Columbus for the planting of tae sainted cross is still
seen. Tuis temple has been destroyed by^the earth-
quake, but the pai iahioncrs have immediately con-
structed a provisional one in its place, which uiay
last many years. . ,
"Tiie city of Santiago was entirely o verthrown,
and, with the same disaster, its temples."
Dr. Brown tells us that—
"During the prevalence of the latter (the rainy
season) is the time when earthquakes commonly
happen, though hardly a season passes over ^tn-
out tho occurrence of one or more shocks. Xsone nns
been so peculiarly disastrous in its effects as that
which happened on the 3d of June, 1770, and which
nearly annihilated the towns of Port au Prince and
Aax Cayas. An intense heatis said to have preceded
it; a rustling noise, as of subterraneous currents of
air, continued to be heard at intervals, while shock
followed shock during a period of fifteen days. The
earth gaped in horrid fissures, and amid the terrible
convulsion the greater part of the town of Port au
Prince was ingulfed in the sea."
effect of the climate ox tub white laborer.
John Hogan says, his report, made in Octo-
ber, 1845, was "prepared under all the disad-
vantages of a severe and enervating in disposi-
tion.' * About the year 1040 French laborers
•were brought to San Domingo, but Dr. Brown
tells us that—
" It soon became apparent that the white laborer
could not long endure exposure under the burning
heat of the climate and the severe toil of clearing
up the rank vegetation of a primitive soil."
fate op the acadiaxs.
After the conquest of Nova Scotia by the
English, the French inhabitants were driven
from their homes for refusing to take up arms
against their countrymen. Count d'Estaing,
governor general of San Domingo, anxious to
increase the population of the island, offered
them lands and subsistence until they were
able to obtain it from the soil. What followed
is told by the historian :
"Theinvitation was accepted by many and six hun-
dred of them arrived at Cape Fran^ais. They were
first assigned lands and cabins in the districts of Dou-
don and St. Rose, which border the plains of Cape
Fractals; but these situations proved fatally pesti-
lential to them and they died in masses. It wasthen
thought that the less luxuriant soil of the Mole St.
Nicholas would prove less prejudicial to their con-
stitutions, and they were removed thither. But
herealso their hard destiny pursued them."
After intense suffering, and the death of two
thirds of the entire number, some two hun-
dred of these people were fortunate enough to
escape from the destructive influence of the
climate and settled in Louisiana.
fateofthb german emigrants.
About 1770, the French Government, desir-
ing to increase the population of San Domin-
go, induced a large number of Germans to
emigrate to the island. They were furnished
by the Government with rations, clothes, and
utensils of agriculture. On their arrival, we
read that—
44 Corv£es of public slaves were hurried to furnish
habitation for the new emigrants, and the best en-
gineers of thecolony directed their labors, in order
to render the town commodious, and the lands con-
venient and productive to the new population; but
notone seventh of their number survived the dis-
eases of the following season to enjoy the rewards
of their own industry, or the generosity of their
patrons, the French. They becamc gardeners and
fishermen; but such was the fatal influence of the
climate over them, that in six years after their ar-
rival within the colony but two hundred and fifty
remained of their number. More than two thou-
sand had fallen victims to disease and misery."
I also quote an extract from the testimony
of John Somers Smith before the Senate com-
mittee, (See Howard's Hatch—San Domingo
report, 1870, pages 163 to 1G5:)
44 By Mr. Howard : , „ _ . 0
" Question. Has he, [General CazneauJ in ban
Domingo, the reputation of being a rogue m busi-
ness matters ? ,
"Answer. There were some unfortunate schemes
that they got up. There was what they called the
San Domingo Cotton Company, and they got a num-
ber of poor creaturcs in Now York to go down, under
specious pamphlets, setting forth the delightful place
it was. A number of poor people came there, and
went out a number of miles from San Domingo city,
on the river, and they simply went there and died.
Very few ever returned. Our then commercial agent,
in his report,states thatthe fewthat remained crept
into San Domingo city, and were glad to get home.
That San Domingo Cotton Company was a terrible
failure, and a great many lives were lost by it.
"By Mr. Schtjrz: . , _
Question. How many lives were lost I
4< Answer. I cannot tell you; one or two hundred
went down. , ,
"Question. "What was tho disease of which they
died?
"Answer. The fever.
" By Mr. Vickers i , , „
"Question. At what time does the fever commence
there? , . , ,,
"Answer. The fever j? always in the country.
# * * * <$*■***
" By Mr. Vickers; , „ . _ _
" Question. Youspoke of the fever in San Domingo
as existing through the year ?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
4< Question. What is thecharacter of the fever* and
enn a white man labor in the open air ?
"Answer. The fever is of an intermittent charac-
ter; I donotthink white labor can survive to culti-
vate the land; free labor by whites will not answer
in San Domingo,"
The climate of Sau Domingo has not only
caused sickness and death to white men wh.o
have gone there to engage in peaceful pur-
suits, either on the sea board or inland, but
the white soldiers who from time to time have
been ordered thither to subdue the turbulent
population of the island have suffered still
more terribly from its pestilential influences.
France and Spain could defeat with compara-
tive ease the barefooted battalions of Tous-
saint and Dessalines, but they fell before the
murderous vapors of the island like autumn
leaves. I read from the History of San Do-
mingo that u fourteen battalions (French] of
the line had fallen victims to the climate.,J
We are told again that—
"The new reinforcements from Europe were now
further augmented m numbers by the arrival of eight-
een hundred soldiers from Martinique. The (French)
commissioners now had a sufficient army to have
crushed the insurrection in one campaign. Tho
troops perished in inaction, scattered among a mul-
titude of little posts, under pretense of greater facil-
ity in procuring provisions for their support. Dar-
ing this time they were sinking under the pestilen-
tial influence of the climate, and within two little
months from their arrival half their number were
already dead."
The English in 1794 took possession of the
French part of the island. We read:
"The English were without an enemy to combat
in the fieid, but their armament was in the act of
being decimated by a more formidable foe than had
been found in the people whose territorv they had
invaded." * * * •• "The soldiers were
subjected to severe duty under a burning sun, and
exposed by nifrht to torrents of rain and dews, still
more noxious within the tropics. Fatal disease was
the consequence, which harried the troops to blood-
less graves by hundreds; and so sweeping was the
calamity that scarcely a sufficient number could be
found to mount guard and perform the necessary
round of duty in the camp. A reenforcementof four
regiments had been dispatched from the windward
islands to succeed those who had perished in the
malady, but disease had already commenced its rav-
ages upon them before they had reachcd their scene
of operations, and so fearful were these ravages that
upon their disembarkation at Port au Prince their
number hardly amounted to three hundred men. and
within tho short space of two months there had per-
ished of them forty officers and more than six hun-
dred men."
Again;
"General White had found it necessary to return
to Europe for tho establishment of his health." *
* * * "So great had been the ravages of
disease that the forces of the English had dwindled
to a mere handful." * * * * . *
"Toward the end of April, 170o, the English were
again reenforced by the arrival of three new regi-
ments; but disease seized upon these also, and be-
fore the end of August their numbers were reduced
from a force of more than nine hundred men to
scarce three hundred and fifty."
the french again.
"The yellow fever began its ravages among tho
French troops both at Cape Fran^ais and Poit au.
Prince, and from its first fearful onset its character
was so fatal as to threaten the whole army with anni-
hilation. The victims of the disease were expirin g
hourly, and it was found necessary that carts should
pass throughout the place at tho dead hour of mid-
night to receive the dead bodies which were letfc in
every street at the doors of the houses."
Again:
"If the troops marched to the country they found
no escape from the danger which pursued them.
Their camp was a hospital, and they died among the
orange groves and balmy fragrance which breathed
around them. Those who sought safety by embark-
ing on ship-board shared the same fate. Some ships
lost their entire crews four times in succession; and
forty-eight passengers arriving from Bordeaux all
died before they had time to land at Cape trancais.
Every soul aboard a Swedish vessel peiished, with
the single exception of the cabin-boy. Tb© trans-
portation of troops from point to point of the inland
was an unvarying seene of sorrow, for the splashing
sound of bodies thrown into the water was only inter-
rupted by the groans of thesick or dying. Whole
detachments of troops were precipitated to the tomb
aiino3t together. Four thousand men landing from
some transports almost all perished without the glory
of a single achievement in the field."
Again:
"The blacks were now triumphant everywhere;
and to estimatethesituation ofLeclerc it isrequisite
to know that of thirty-four thousand men who had
arrived in the island at different times since the war
be^an, twenty-four thousand were already dead,
