1624
THE CONGRESSIONAL (xLOBl.
February 24,
tion of $10,000, when we vote here blindly, on
the recommendations of that committee, appro-
priations of hundreds of thousands of dollars ?
This House puts every confidence in that com-
mittee, and in their recommendation after ex-
amination made so fully by them in all these
cases. This committee has examined this item
fully. They have examined it with great carp,
evidently, for there is feeling upon it; and
having examined it, they have seen fit, not by
a party vote—for on this important committee
of the House to provide appropriations for the
execution of the laws it is to be expected that
they leave out politics altogether—they have
seen fit, I say, outside of party, considerations,
for his faithful public services, to report this
grsduity to Mr. Wilson' for the faithful dis-
charge of the duties of his high office, and for
doing this additional service to the Govern-
ment which he was not bound to do. For
one, J am ready to support the committee in
this appropriation.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I rise for the
purpose of making a few remarks in support
of the appropriation reported by the commit-
tee in this bill, and a word of explanation in
reference to this valuable scientific museum,
and in reference to the late Commissioner of
the General Land Office.
Mr. KELSEY. Is there not another
museum containing all the things which this
one does, and infinitely more valuable, in the
Smithsonian Institution ?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. No, sir.
Mr. KELSEY. I say there is.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. No, sir.
Mr. KELSEY. I assert, on the authority
of the Smithsonian Institution, that there is a
museum in it containing all these specimens
and infinitely more valuable. * •
Mr. CLAKKE, of Kansas. The sum pro-
posed to be appropriated by this bill is a mere
pittance compared with the v^Jije' of this, rare
scientific collection. It combines numerous
specimens of minerals, natural curiosities,
soils, and every possible evidence of the re-
sources of all portions of this great country.
Whatever others have done—aud I would not
detract from what is due to anybody—the
ability and genius of Joseph S. Wilson con-
ceived and founded this museum, and I do
not hesitate to say here that not only this but
all his work in the General Land Office will
redound to his .credit as long as the Govern-
ment lasts.
I know it is fashionable to criticise and
denounce a man going out of office. Mr.
Wilson's ease is not an exception_ to this
common result. As a Representative of a
great constituency it has been my duty for
six years to be in constant official intercourse
with Mr. Wilson, and to observe the manner
of the administration of his office. I do not
know of any bureau in this Government where
the business has been so promptly performed,
and where the miserable subterfuges of the
red-tape system have been so sensibly dis-
regarded for the benefit of the public service
and of the people. The private citizen, whose
rights so many officials in this country hold in
so much contempt, was never turned away
from the Land Office for the want of an official
friend to plead his case. The late Commis-
sioner has been the friend of the people of the
frontier—of the poor settlers—to whom this
country owes so much for the development of
its wealth and the advance of its civilization.
The valuable collection now proposed to be
sold to the United States is worth millions to
the Government. It justly belongs to Mr.
Wilson. It is the product of his ability and
enterprise. Congress can afford to be just in
matters of this sort, and especially can it
afford to be just to a faithful officer who for
more than a quarter of a century has served
the people with distinguished ability and with
scrupulous fidelity to the public service. I
am earnestly opposed to striking out this item
from the bill.
Mr. DICKEY obtained the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask the
gentleman from.Kansas a question. Will Mr.
Wilson be permitted to retain this cabinet of
curiosities himself, as his own property, if
we refuse to make this appropriation, or, will
it belong to the Government?
. Mr. BEGENER. Who paid the postage for
the minerals sent there ?
Mr. AXTELL. I will answer that question.
Out of high regard for Mr. Wilson, and for all
that he has done for California, Californians
have sent by we specimens which, if they had
been crushed and the gold taken out, would
produce over $500. I brought thein ljere and
gave them to Mr. Wilson to put into that cab-
inet. They were for Mr. Wilson, and not for
the Government of the United States.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I can say the same
in reference to specimens sent from Montana.
Mr. DICKEY. Jf I have the floor I should
like t<5 occupy it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor, and he will
proceed.
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Speaker, I voted in the
Committee on Appropriations, and I would not
eay so but for the remarks of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] for this appropriation.
I did it without reference to the question
whether Mr. Wilson was a rich man or a poor
man, and without reference to any question as
to his reported deficiencies. So far as I had
any knowledge as a member of the committee,
he was an honest man. I believe, so far as
that committee has any information on the
subject, that that is their opinion. But I voted
for this appropriation for $10,000, under the
impression and with the understanding that
this very valuable collection of minerals had
been gathered by the personal efforts of Mr.
Wilson, devoting his own time and attention
to it. And I beliaved. they helonged to the
Government. He had used the instrumentality
of the Government in collecting it. He called
upon the surveyors of the various Government
offices connected with the land department in
the various Territories to assist in the work.
He had brought these officers to his aid by
correspondence. This collection was origin-
ated by his predecessor, Mr. Edmunds, as I
now understand.
Now, if this were exactly the state of facts
before the House, there can be no question
that Mr. Wilson would be entitled to a gratu-
ity of at least $10,000. But the value of this
collection is far beyond that. As I am in-
formed, it is invaluable. It has been made
under his auspices; but I find by a report now
read by my colleague on the committee that
the Government has paid some four or five
thousand dollars to various parties, to various
scientific men, for the arrangement and classi-
fying of this collection. Now, then, the ques-
tion for the House is this—Mr. Wilson out of
the question, his politics out of the question,
his long service out of the question, his poverty
out of the question, because his remuneration
has nothing to do with this—the question for
the House is this: did Mr. Wilson, after all,
render, when not called upon to do so in his
official capacity, $10,000 worth of services
to the Government of the United States in
collecting and arranging this cabinet of min-
erals? That is the question, divested of every
extraneous element.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I offer the following
amendment:
Insert after tlie word "Wilson," in line four hun-
dred and sixty-four, the following words: and
James M. Edmunds;" also, strike out 810,000
and insert the words "$5,000 each; so that it mil
To compensate Joseph S.Wilson and JanaesM.
Edmunds for thecollectiou of the valuable scientific
museum at the General Land 0Hice, $5,000 each.
This amendment, Mr. Speaker, has ior its
object to distribute equally this sum between
the men who did the work. i^Ir. Edmunds
issued the first circular in refefeuce to this
matter, and during four years expended his
time as fully as Mr. Wilson did in gathering
this collection. Mr. Wilson has followed in
the same path for the last four yeaFs. There-
fore, if any sum is to be given for this purpose,
I think it should be divided equally between
these gentlemen who, by their joint exertions,
have gathered this collection.
Mr. DAWES. Inever could understand, Mr.
Speaker, why my colleague upon the commit-
tee should complain of Mr. Wilson because
he did not expend each year all that was ap-
propriated for him. I know that in the invest-
igations of the committee this was a remark-
able instance, I do not know but I may say
it was about the only instance we found occur-
ring from year to year. We found that Mr.
Wilson had not found it necessary to expend
all that was appropriated for him, and that his
unexpended balances kept accumulating from
year to year in the Treasury. They were not
touched by him, but they stood to the account
of the General Land Office. He conld have
used them. He conld have multiplied clerks.
He could have amplified work under any name
or any excuse if he had pleased. But I never
heard that he neglected his office or failed to
do all that his office required of him. And
yet he was the only man whom I recollect of
whom it can be said tbat while in office he
accumulated $170,000 of unexpended bal-
ances, which he left unused. When we called
upon each bureau of the various Departments
to know whether they had had appropriated
to them more than they used, we arrived at
the astounding fact that Mr. Wilson was the
only head of a bureau in that position. And
this fact struck my colleague on the committee
as so wonderful a thing that he concluded that
there must be something wrong about it.  
Mr. KELSEY. Allow me to correct the
gentleman. The amount of money that he
had on hand was notshown in his report. The
statement came in in answer to a letter from
the ehairman of the committee himself, and it
was not $179,000, but ^479,000.
Mr. SARGENT. So much the more merit-
orious, that he saved that much money.
Mr. KELSEY. And yet he came before
the committee claiming that we could not cut
down the appropriation for his bureau without
embarrassing that bureau.
Mr. DAWES. I said that when we called
upon the several Departments to know whether
there were any unexpended balances we
learned from Mr. Wilson that §279,000 of the
appropriations had not been expended in his
bureau, and that struck my colleague on the
committee as something so wonderful that he
has never been able to get it out of his head
that there was something wrong.
Now, Mr. Speaker, a word about this appro-
priation. I desire to say, among all the men
connected with the Government of the'United
States in the administration of the Laud Office
of this country I never have found a man who
comprehended the magnitude and capacity of
our public domain like Joseph S. Wilson, or
a man who was able to impress upon the world
the almost illimitable wealth, both in the
bowels of the earth and upon its surface of that
domain, like Mr. Wilson. Sir, it arose from
the enthusiasm with which he entered upon
his duties. Twenty-five or thirty years ago he
entered the bureau as a boy, and grew up in
it until he became its chief. It is true that
this museum was begun when a man of the
name of Edmunds was the nominal head of
this bureau; but Mr. Wilson was the chief
clerk, and was the life and soul and spirit of
the bureau long before he became, I am almost
ready to say, even chief clerk of it, and it was
under his inspiration that the museum was
commenced. It was Mr. Wilson, as chief clerk,
who conceived this idea, and nursed and nour-
ished it until he became himself chief of the
bureau, aud made it capable of demonstrat-
ing to the world what it is, an exponent of the
magnitude and magnificence of the public
