798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
and seven thousand more were either sick in hospi-
tals or convalescent from disease."
"A momentary hope was excited by the arrival
'of a reenlorcernent of twenty thousand men from
FraDCe, and with this force Rochambeau took the
field; bat it was soon found that these legions also
had been freighted to that murderous climate only
to die." * * "* "By the end of the
year 1802 the last reinforcements to the French army
had wasted to an inconsiderable corps. It was no
longer that any of the veterans of Italy and ISgypt
remained to be sent to perish in San Domingo, and
each division which had been dispatched thither
from Havre and Cherbourg had been less capable
than its predecessors of enduring service under tho
pestilential skies of a country in which there had
perished nearly forty thousand men in a single year."
the people of the island.
The population of the Haytian portion of
tli© island is about six hundred thousand, all
negroes; the population of Dominisa about
one hundred and thirty-six thousand, of whom
(according to the New American Cyclopedia)
one tenth claim to be whites; the rest are
of African descent, or of mixed African and
European.
In reference to the character of the popula-
tion of San Domingo, we have the statement
of Mr. Harrison, a citizen of the United States,
residing, in 1815, at Porto Plata. He says:
"The unchaste, licentious manners of the Ilay-
tians were introduced into the east, (Dominica.)
Many of the people of the east, by contact, became
partly demoralized, and adopted the immoral mode
of life; that is, living in a state of concubinage,
that is generally practiced in the Haytian part,
where the peoplo may with propriety bo called a
nation of bastards, the greater part of tho children
born there being illegitimate. Morality in Dominica
is at a low ebb. There is all room for improvement.
The religion of the country is a corruption of the
Roman Catholic."
Bobadilla, who in 1845 was the Dominican
secretary of State, thus describes the Haytians.
I have no doubt the description would fit the
Dominicans perfectly, for the only real differ-
ence between the Dominican and the Haytian
lies in the fact that the one speaks bad Spanish
and the other bad French :
"TheHaytians are characteristically vain, proud,
little inclined to labor, fond of idleness, dissolute,
immoral, without manners, without religion, dis-
posed to thieving, to lying, to inebriety, and to all the
vices which constitute the degradation of a people,
and scarcely a single civil or political virtue can be
found among the in. Practiced in assassinating, pil-
laging. and devastating, this is their predominnnt
ambition, and they have never been able to establish
a solid government, having lost sight of the elements
which constitute a State under those laws of reason
and justice which are recognized by the law of na-
tions. Hence it is that instead of progressing they
have been constantly retrograding. They arc inim-
ical to foreigners; do not permit them to marry in
the country, to acquire real estate, nor do they grant
them any civil privileges, but on tho contrary they
look upon them with general contempt; and tho
whiteman carries with him wherever he goes, in his
color, a mark of reprobation among the Haytians."
Dr. Brown says:
"They intermix the legitimate ritual of the Cath-
olic faith with the mysterious adoration paid to their
national fetiches, and the African obi and the Cath-
olic priest both corno in for a share of their respect
and homage."
Mr. Speaker, there is not, I apprehend, any
essential difference between the Haytians anil
Dominicans. They were for many years united
under the same Government. They have both
the same disregard for peace, law, and order.
They have both been always ready to follow the
lead of petty chieftains in schemes of robbery
and revolution. They are both to-day divided
up into petty factions, headed by rival chiefs,
and eager for deeds of violence and bloodshed.
They ordain constitutions and establish gov-
ernments one day, and overturn thera on the
next. Saln&ve, Dominique,and Sagetaie strug-
gling with each other for the control of Hayti.
Baez and Cabral are waging a similar war-
fare against each other for the control of
Dominica. Baez is elected by the people to
the presidency, and before he gets fairly warm
in his seat Santana heads a revolutionary
movement and expels him. Cabral becomes
the president, and Baez organizes his forces,
bears down on the executive mansion, drives
out his rival, and amid a grand blow of trum-
pets and rattle of fire-arms assumes control of
the republic. Treat with Baez to-day, and to-
morrow Cabral may head a successful charge,
drive Baez from the island, and spurn your
treaty. Treat with both the rival chieftains,
and some new man may gather about him a
party who will be able to defy them and you.
Buy up man by man the whole population of
Dominica, and Salnave may come with his bat-
talions of ragged blacks from the valley of
the Artibonite and wage against you the same
slow, relentless war of extermination with
which the Haytians have successfully worsted
and driven from San Domingo the Spanish,
English, and French. You laugh at the idea
of being beaten by these semi-barbarians; so
did Spain ; so did England ; so did the veteran
soldiers of tha first Napoleon ; yet fifty thou-
sand of the latter perished in the effort to hold
the island.
These Haytians have never acknowledged
the independence of Dominica; they claim
the whole island, and they would take it in
spite of the world if there was within its borders
plunder enough to pay them for the trouble.
They are at all times ready for war, because
they have nothing to lose by defeat and possi-
bly much to gain by success, tf'ou may defeat
them in battle ; you may scatter their forces,
as the French have done time and again, but
you cannot thereby secure a permanent peace.
Their hatred for the white man is thoroughly
ground into their flesh and bone. It has been
handed down from sire to son for two hundred
years. You cannot win them over by kindness,
nor restrain them by force. They are fortified
against your attacks by the pestilential vapors
of their valleys, and they know full well that
if their arms are not strong enough to defeat
you they have only to scatter and the murder-
ous climate will in good time work your de-
struction. In such a war, with such a people,
there is everything to lose and nothing to gain.
We have enough on our hands, God knows,
without seeking to become the guardians of
these savages or entering into a war with them
for a territory which our people could not in-
habit if they would and would not inhabit if
they could. We have land in abundance con-
venient to the centers of trade, fertile fields
spread invitingly out under healthful skies,
where the comforts of life may be easily ob-
tained, and the civilizing influences of schools
and churches enjoyed to the fullest extent.
If our commerce needs the bay of Samana,
let it be leased; if it cannot be leased, let us
do without it. We should learn by the bitter
experience of others how great an expend-
iture of life and treasure will be required to
hold and govern the territory we seek. We
have neither the lives nor the money to spare;
and no advantage which could accrue to our
commerce by the possession of this island
would ever compensate for the precious lives
of the soldiers who will perish under the pes-
tilential skies of San Domingo so surely as we
carry out the scheme of annexation which
has been proposed; for if we annex we must
fortify, we must maintain order. To do this
we must send troops, spend money. If we
fail to hold the island we are dishonored. If
we succeed, we have the black vomit, yellow
fever, the earthquake and tornado, for our
reward.
Mr.'McCORMICK, of Missouri. I had not
intended, Mr. Speaker, to make any remarks
to-night; but I thought as I have been listen-
ing to the speech of the gentleman from Phil-
adelphia, [Mr. Kelley,] that I should say p.
few words on this subject of the annexation
of San Domingo. The remarks of the gen-
tleman were eloquent, but the conclusions at
which he arrived seemed to me not to be war-
ranted by the history which he gave us of that
island.
We are told, sir, that the island of San Do-
mingo is in the possession of republican Gov-
ernments; that there are now, and have been,
republican Governments in San Domingo; but
notwithstanding they have boeu one people,
notwithstanding they have an established form
of government of their own election, of their
own maintenance, yet he deplores the terrible
condition in which those people are now.
I do not think, Mr. Speaker, that the island
of San Domingo annexed to the United States
will ever be productive of good to this coun-
try. There is an edict gone forth from the
Creator of man, "In the sweat of thy face
shalt thou eat bread till thou return unto the
ground; for out of it wast thou taken ; for
dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou re-
turn and upon this great fundamental fact
rests the decision of this question. Man must
labor for subsistence upon the earth ; but the
laboring classes will not labor more than is
necessary for their maintenance; and when-
ever favored by climate, whenever favored by
the exuberance of the soil, so that it is not
necessary for them to labor for subsistence,
they will only exercise industry so far as it
may be needed to supply tlieir bodily wants.
In tropical countries mankind do not have the
same amount of wants that they do in north-
ern latitudes. They are not required to exert
themselves in order to clothe themselves in
these tropical countries as in colder climates.
They do -not have to labor to obtain fuel in
order to seenre warmth and comfort in these
tropical countries as in colder countries.
There is not that necessity for man to labor
to that extent in tropical countries which
exists in colder latitudes.
The tropical climate leads to indolence, and
that training for labor which industry gives
men in northern latitudes is not found to exist
in southern climates. These habits of indus-
try, acquired by northern men in their training
from youth upward, qualify them for a very
different form of government irom that of
southern latitudes. Southern people—and
when I speak of southern people I have refer-
ence to those who live in the tropics—are in-
variably an unstable people, not controlled by
law or system, because there is no necessity
there for training to habits of industry, and
that control so essential to good order and the
maintenance of good and strong Governments
in northern countries. This is one reason why
I think that the races of men inhabiting lite
tropics for a great number of years have de-
generated and become unfitted for our insti-
tutions and form of government.
I do not tbink, Mr. Speaker, as many gen-
tlemen do, that all tho peoples of the earth
are fitted for the same form of go\ eminent.
I believe it is as necessary to have diffeient
forms of government as there are different
wants in different latitudes. We know, sir. in
northern latitudes the wants of men are differ-
ent ; and their wants being different, the pur-
suits to supply these wants must be essentially
different; and these pursuits and these wantrf
lay the foundation for forms of government
which must differ in one country from those of
another. I do not think the people inhabiting
tropical countries are well qualified for repub-
lican government. We may take the history
of mankind and trace it back to the beginning,
and we will find that the nations inhabiting the
tropics are a class of men who must be gov-
erned differently from the form of government
best suited to the people living in northern
latitudes. We may say that we belong to a
race of men who will change all this. I do
not think so, sir. I think the climate of that
country will soon affect us, and instead of our
elevating those degenerate races in the tropics,
they will rather drag us down to their level.
And there is another idea I wish to advance.
I do not think, sir, that within the tropics any
country, however fertile, however capable of
producing abundantly, can ever be successfully
cultivated without some, system of slavery,
some system of forced labor. So far as I am
informed, there is not an instance of a tropical
eonntry which has ever produced largely for
exportation that, has not had some system of
compulsory labor, some system of slavery,
