1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1025
domain of this country. I more that all de-
bate be closed upon this paragraph.
Mr. BANKS. I offer the following amend-
ment; which I hope will be adopted:
Add to the paragraph the following proviso:
Provided. That any interest which ho may have
in that collection shall be made over to the Govern-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that amendment will
be adopted; but I hope the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Strickland] will withdraw his
amendment.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I cannot do it.
Mr. DAWES. Well, I insist on the motion
to close debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Banks ; and it was
agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Strick-
land's amendment; and being taken, the
amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Kel-
sey's motion, to strike out the entire para-
Mr. KELSEY called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 77, nays 98, not voting
65; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Ambler. Ames, Am ell, Barry, Bea-
man, Bennett, Benton, Betfanne, Buffinton, Kureh -
ard, Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Amasa
Cobb, Corker, Cowles, Darrall, Degener, Ela, Ferriss,
Fisher, GiJfillan, Harris, Holman. Holmes, Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Knapp, Lawrence, Long,
May o ard, McCarthy, McCrary, SlcGrew, MeKee,
McKenzie. Mercur, J esse H. Moore, William Moore,
Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill, Newsham, Packard,
Packen Halbert E. Paine, Palmer, Peek, Perce,
Piatt, Porter, Rainey, Reeves. Roots, Sanford, Sco-
field, Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stoughton, Strader, Strickland, Strong, Tanner,
Taylor, Townsend, Tyner, Van Horn, William B.
Washburn. Welker, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard,
Williams, Witeher, and Wolf—'77.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer,Armstrong, Asper,
Atwood, Axtell, Banks, Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Bird,
Blair, Boles, Booker. George M. Brooks, Buckley,
Burdett, Benjamin 1?. Butler. Roderick R. Bugler,
Calkin, Sidney Clarke, Clinton I#. Cobb, Coburn,
Conger, Conner. Cox, Crebs, Dawes, Joseph Dixon,
Donley, Dox, Duke, Dyer, Eldridge, Ferry, Fink-
elnburg, Fox, Garfield, Getz, Gibson, Griswold,
Haight, Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton. Hamill. Ham-
ilton, Hawley, Hay, Heflin, Hoar, Hooper, Hotch-
kiss, Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr,
Ketcham, Laflin, Lewis,Loughridge, Marshall, May-
bam, McCormick, McNeely, Morey, Morgan, Negley,
Niblack, O'Neill, Orth, Peters, Phelps. Poland, hot-
ter, Prosser, Rice, Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Schu-
maker, Shanks, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith,
William J. Smith, Stiles, Swann, Sypher, Tillman,
Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells,
Bugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
and Wood—98.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ayer, Bailey,
Banmm, Benjamin, Bingham, Bowen, Boyd, James
Brooks,Buck, Burr, Cake, Cleveland, Cook. Cullom,
Dickey, Dickinson, Nathan F. Dixon, Dockery,
Duval, Farnsworth, Fitch. Hawkins, Hays, Hill,
Hoge, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones. Kellogg,
Knott. Lash, Logan, Lynch, Manning, Milnes, Eli-
akim H. Moore. Daniel J. Mortell, Morrissey, Mun-
gea, Myers, William W. Paine, Pomeroy, Price,
Randall, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sher-
rod, Shober. Slocum, Stevenson. Stokes, Stone,
Sweeney, Taffe, Twichell, Upson, Van Wyck, Wal-
lace, Ward-Cadwalader C. Washburn, Whiteley,
Whitmore, Winans, Woodward, and Young—65.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I have the con-
sent of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] to ask unanimous consent of the
House for a session this evening for debate
only.
Mr. KELSEY. Oh, no j I object.
The SPEAKER. Ifc requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. DAWES. There was an understanding
that the House would sit for the consideration
of this bill till six o'clock, and I would nofcask
for an evening session for the consideration of
this bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
To pay Vinnie Ream tho amount due on the con-
tract for making the marble statue of Abraham
Lincoln, $5,000.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend the para-
graph just read so that it will read as follows :
To pay Vinnie Ream for making the marble
statue of Abraham Lincoln, $10,000; which, in addi-
fj3lomi'clSforKoA!adyPaid,iBha11 be in
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a point of order
on that amendment.
. The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. KELSEY. My point of order is that
the clause in the bill proposes to make an
appropriation of $5,000, in pursuance of a con-
tract with Vinnie Beam, and that this amend-
ment proposes to violate that contract, to vio-
late the law.
Mr. BANKS. This amendment is in pur-
suance of law.
The SPEAKER. It would be quite within
the competency of the House to reduce the
amount reported in this bill, and it must also
be in the power of the House to increase it.
The Chair cannot sustain the point of order.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, it is not often
that I present to the Honse propositions of
this character. But I submit the amendment
in the belief that it is no more than is justly
due to the artist employed by the Government
to make the statue of Mr. Lincoln. It will
be remembered by many gentlemen now here
that when the original appropriation for this
purpose was made it was with great donbt on
the part of many whether such a work eould
be produced by the artist seleeted as would
justify the choice we made, and the appropri-
ation was restricted somewhat on that account.
But the unanimous approval of the gentlemen
who represented the two Houses of Congress
at the unveiling of the statue, and of many
other officers who assisted in the ceremonies
of that occasion, I think is sufficient to justify
me in assuming that the statue is approved by
the Government. It is not merely the recep-
tion of the statue by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, who was designated by law as the officer
who was to make the formal official decision
whether or not it was to be received, but it
was the voluntary and enthusiastic approval
of the work by those who were selected to
represent the opinions of the two Houses of
Congress and of other departments of the Gov-
ernment. The sum of $5,000 was appropri-
ated in the first instance, and paid to the artist.
The committee now proposes to appropriate
and pay to Miss Ream $5,000 more, as the
balance due under the contract. I propose
by the amendment I have offered to give her
an additional $5,000 more, so that if my
amendment be adopted the entire amount she
will receive for this work will be $15,000.
Mr. KELSEY. Will the gentleman answer
a question?
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. KELSEY. Was there not a contract
made with Miss Vinnie Beam to make this
statue for $10,000?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. KELSEY. And is not the additional
$5,000 included in the gentleman's amend-
ment a gratuity to her? I do not complain of
the House making her a present of $5,000,
after having made a present of $10,000 to a
much less deserving person.
Mr. BANKS. As I have already said, the
original appropriation was restricted to an
amount below what has been heretofore paid
for such works, upon the ground that the
artist had achieved no great fame. And many
were in doubt whether she could execute the
work to the satisfaction of the Government.
Mr. LA WHENCE. Will $5,000 pay the
expense she has been put to in going to Rome
and returning?
Mr. BANKS. It will do no more than de-
fray the actual necessary expenses incurred in
the execution of the work. It is satisfactory to
the Government. I have the authority of one
of the very first of American artists, Mr. Bier-
stadt, for saying that it is an excellent work,
creditable to the artist and to the Government,
and, considering the previous career of the
artist, a most remarkable success. And I say
again that the additional $5,000 which, is pro-
posed by my amendment will no more than
pay the actual expenses of the artist in the
execution of this trust. I am assured by gen-
tlemen all around me who know the facts bet-
ter than I do that the artist will make no money
from this work even if she receives this addi-
tional sum, making the appropriation in full
for the work $15,000. Therefore I hope that,
in consideration of the successful execution
of this work, and of the fact that mnch larger
sums have been paid hitherto for works no
better, if so good as this, that this young artist
Who represents, if I may say so, the children
of the country who have high aspirations,
who has been so successful in satisfying the
expectations of the country, may, in consider-
ation of these facts, if for no other reason,
receive from the Honse a generous vote for
the additional sum I have proposed.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I shall vote very cheer-
fully for this proposition. I am not a judge of
the merita of this work; but the example of
this young girl is worth more to American
women than $15,000. I advocated on this
floor the passage of the original appropriation
to carry out the contract with this young lady
for executing this work. I desired that the
effort should be made by her; and now that
I see such a war of the press upon this child
of America, when I see the envy that it has
excited in the breasts of others who might
better follow her example than to be making
insane efforts, as they are doing, to overturn
society, I want to have the American Congress
reward her for this work in the field of in-
dustry as well as in the field of art. She has
taken her proper position; she is entitled to
our encouragement; she is entitled to far more
than we have given her or than is asked here.
I hope that thi&has not been asked by her, but
that the proposition has arisen from a sense
of justice to her.
Mr. BANKS. I have proposed it of my
own. volition.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I am glad of it. I wish
the sum was larger. I hope the House will
give it without a division.
Mr-. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
last word, for th,e purpose of saying that I had
prepared an amendment similar in terms to
this one, and was trying to catch the eye of the
Speaker in order to obtain an opportunity to
offer it, when the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] interposed and took from
me that honor; for such I consider it. I have
sought the floor now simply to say that though
I am not an artist nor a judge of art, though I
am not a sculptor nor a judge of sculpture, yet
I knew Abraham Lincoln, the subject of this
work; and in my j udgment a more faithful and
exact reproduction in marble of that great
man is impossible. And I trust we shall deal
with this artist, so successful has she been in
her work, in no niggardly and ungenerous
spirit, but adopt this amendment without a
division.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment of my colleague [Mr.
Banks] by adding to it the following:
To pay Horatio Stone for the execution under con-
tract with the I4brary Committee of Congress of tho
Hancock and Hamilton statues, now in the Halls of
Congress, an increased compensation for said work,
in proportion to the foregoing.
And I desire to give my reasons for offering
that amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is that amendment in
order?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman raiso
a point of order upon it?
Mr. MAYNARD. I do.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How is it
out of order?
Mr. MAYNARD. I make the point of order
that it is not justified by existing law and is
not germane to the clause under considera-
tion.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair snstains the
point of order. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kelsey] in front of the Chair
