1626
. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
raised the point of order that the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] was out of order in propos-
ing to increase the appropriation for Yinnie
Beam. The Ch'air overruled that point of
order for this reason: when an appropriation
is under consideration by Congress, which
appropriation is in fulfillment of a contract,
Congress, in itself a court of last resort, takes
into account all the equities of the case; and
if, in the judgment of Congress, the contract
has not been fairly fulfilled, it may decrease
the appropriation. And in like manner, if
Congress, considering the equities ofthe case,
deems that the person has a hard bargain under
the contract, it can in its discretion increase the
amqunt of the appropriation. If the case of
the artist Horatio Stone was included in this
bill, and it was proposed to pay him a certain
amount on a contract made with him, the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Bdtlbr] jrould be admissible, and
perfectly in order, so far as ihat is concerned.
But that case is not in this bill. His amend-
ment also violates one of the fundamental prin-
ciples of our parliamentary law, in proposing
to incumber one private claim by adding to it
another private claim. The Chair therefore
sustains the point of order against the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Buti.er.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend by adding $500, for the purpose of de-
bate. Mr. Speaker, seven cities contended for
the honor of being the birthplace of Homer.
Three gentlemen of the House of Represent-
atives have vied with each other in competi-
tion for the honor of proposing an amend-
ment to give $10,000 to a young lady for
making a statue of Mr. Lincoln more than the
price she asked when she began the work.
Now, I have not a single word to say about
the young lady's statue. I think the head-is
an admirable reproduction of the plaster-cast
of Mr. Lincoln. I do not think it could be
better done after that plaster-cast. That is
my idea. I was not present at the unveiling
of the statue, although I read the speeches
on that occasion. I know thjit it is hard to
believe, but I did read those speeches as they
were reported.
Mr. BANKS. Yon say, you read them as
they were reported. [Laughter.J
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Iaeceptthe
amendment. My friend's manner and voice
were not in them ; and they lost, therefore, of
course, much of their vivacity and convincing
effect. [Laughter.] I might have been con-
vinced if I had heard them. The orators of
the occasion told us all about the work. They
said it looked like Mr. Lincoln. So it did. So
did the plaster-cast before it was copied into
marble. They said it was made by a child of
the West. I do not know this young lady's
birthplace ; but I take it for granted she is, as
they have said, a child of the West. I agree
to it; I have their word for it. I agree to a
great deal said about her looking over the
prairies and over the lakes, and all that sort
of thing which was said. I agree to all the
"spread eagle," all the "Fourth of July,"
all the "American brag and boast" of that
hilarious occasion. I agree to it all; but still
I am not willing to pay for that part-statue
more than was agreed. [Laughter.]
Mr. PETERS. You liked it as far as you
went. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHUMAlCER. You know how it is
yourself. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We have
no right to give the people's money without
some equivalent. When it was proposed to
the House awhile ago to give a faithful public
servant remuneration for extra labor it was
bitterly opposed, and when I moved an amend-
ment to give a soldier of the war compensa-
tion for his statue, I was met by a point of
order. I hope we will not give this extracom-
pensation when we have refused it to others.
I have a high appreciation of woman's rights
and privileges; but ! think the House should
deal with this young lady in this matter of
making a statue precisely as they do with men.
We have given her all she asked when she con-
tracted to make this statue. It may be that
she had a hard bargain of it; if she were atany
loss, let her come here and tell how much and
what it is and we may make it good.
Mr. BANKS. You would have her coming
here begging for it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
want any begging about it. I wish to ask
attention to the facts whether she has not made
more than many of her sisters in the Republic
during the same time? There are hundreds
of thousands, as deserving but no more, as
talented but no more, of her sisters who have
not made as much as she has by this statue.
Beside, she had the honor of the indorsement
of Congress, which will give her so much more
credit and feme in her profession; and she had
the profit of studying her art in Italy. I know
it is an ungracious task to say these things in
this House to prevent public money from being
paid to a young lady. I know that bright eyes,
blooming cheeks, and red lips go a great ways
here. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I do not feel, Mr. Speaker,
that it is necessary for me, in reference to the
young lady for whom an appropriation is pend-
ing here, to say publicly that I am a friend of
hers, that I have watched with great interest
her whole life since she commenced her pro-
fession of sculpture in a room in the old
Capitol, some four or five years ago, leaving
a clerkship in the Post Office Department to
develop what I am glad to confess to be her
wonderful genius.
I have been here through all stages of her
fortune. I have participated in the enthusiasm
with whieh the House voted $10,000 to her to
try this experiment, relying upon her own
faith in her genius and her inspiration, and
confident ourselves that she would accom
plish what she undertook. I saw the bitter
opposition whieh she encountered at the other
end of the Capitol, and I had a faith that she
would rise above it all. I have been here in
this House, sir, when the whole tide was against
her, and when there were not half a dozen men
in this House who dared to stand up and de-
fend her. And when she was ignominiously
driven bya vote of this House out of her room
in this Capitol I stood by her then. I have
seen her come back with her great work, and
put it in its proper place in the Capitol and
leave it there for the judgment of mankind.
And as one of her friends, one interested in
her future, and having faith in her future, I
desire that she should repose upon the judg-
ment of the public for her reward.
I do not desire, as one of her friends, that it
should be imputed to her .that she did this
work for the money. She was under a higher
and nobler inspiration, that which prompted
us to take her word and to say " We will give
you $10,000 and the opportunity to show to
mankiud that you can produce a statue of the
greatest man of the age." She has done her
work, and I am free to confess, sir, and glad
to confess, that she h;.s more than fulfilled all
my hopes and expectations respecting her.
She is encountering to-day the most bitter and
unjustifiable criticisms that have ever been
encountered by genius at any time in any place.
Let her work, but let it not be said that she
has been strengthened or spurred on by any
action of ours here. Let us simply fulfill our
contract with her as we made it, and as she
made it with us, and bid her God-speed in her
great work for the future.
But let it not be said, sir, that we have at-
tempted by money to stop this unfriendly crit-
icism. No, sir; we who are friends leave the
judgment of mankind upon her future to rest
upou the merit of her work. Upon that ulti-
mately she will have to rest if she succeeds.
It will not be because we are enabled here to
give her extra compensation. That is noth-
ing to her compared with the favorable judg-
ment of art critics in this country, and of the
public itself, whose favorable verdict is of more
value than that of any professional critics.
I say, then, let us pay her this, according
to our contract. She asks for nothing more.
Let us say to the public, "There is the work ;
we have fulfilled our contract, and she has
fulfilled hers; and we leave the rest to the
public without fear or apprehension as to the
result." I hope the amendment will not be
adopted.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Bctler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the amendment, • ,
Mr. BANKS. I desire to add a single word
to what has been said. I would very willingly
accede to the suggestion made by the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations if I thought it was just. But this lady
has given five years to this work. Her situa-
tion has been such that she had to take her
family with her. She could not go, like other
artists, to Rome alone and struggle there alone.
She had to take her friends and family with
her; not to assist her, but to protect her honor
against the unjust suspicions and aspersions
of the world. She comes home with charges
which she cannot more than meet even by
the increased appropriation which I have sug-
gested. I wish to read a sentence, published
in the Chronicle of this city of the 10th of Feb-
ruary, having subscribed to it the name of
Rev. Dr. Sunderland. He says :
"She has no money. Her family depend on her
mainly for support. I have recently seen them in
deep affliction. That youth which most young ladies
are able to give to leisure and indulgences she gives
to weariness and sorrow."
And I am told by members of the House,
who know by personal visits to her studio, that
no one can be more devoted to her profession
or to labor; that she needs this increased
appropriation for her support and to pay the
charges of the work which she has performed
by the direction of the Government. I hope
the appropriation will be made. I present
to the House in full the letter of Rev. Dr.
Sunderland, to which I have referred, as a
complete justification of this proposition which
is now submitted to the generous consideration
of the gentlemen of the House:
To the Editor of tke Chronicle :
It is seldom that I seek to meddle with the affairs
of others. A case now arises in which I propose to
depart from this rale. I was long an unbeliever m
Miss Ream's ability to produce any statue of Mr.
Lincoln worthy of him and of the nation. Though
living in Washington all the time, and kindly invited
to visit her studio and inspect the work, particularly
in its last stages, I never went. "When it was finally
exposed to the public, and I saw glowing accounts
Of it in the papers, my incredulity did not give way.
Chancing to visit the Capitol with some friends
from abroad, they expressed adesire to see the statue.
More from courtesy to them than from any confidence
in the meritsof the work, I led them t>theroom. The
surroundings did not seem to me to be favorable to
the exhibition; but from what I saw tlxen I w.is con-
strained to admit the triumph. My conversion
was sudden, though late. Since then I have been
confirmed. If my judgment is worth auytbing, I
say it is the finest semblance of Mr. Lincoln that is
or will be.
What has it cost the artist? Years of care and
toil. A fragile girt, at great expense, crossing the
ocean twice, living with her parents in distantltaly,
wasting her means and herself to transmit to pos
terity the very form and features of the martyred
President.
What has Congress given her? Ten thousand
dollars. A princely sum. say many. She is but a
little thing, sbeoughtto haveno more! So we meas-
suregeniusby the bulk! Isaygive her$10,000 more.
I say it without the hope of favor, fee,or reward;
and give her another order for the grand old Admiral
who rode through the demon fires at Mobile and
New Orleans.
She has no money. Her family depend on her
mainly for support. I have recently seen them in
deep affliction. That youth which most young ladies
are able to give to leisure and indulgences she gives
to weariness and sorrow.
I do not, however, put it on this ground. The
voice of sympathy is potent and it speaks for all.
But I have a stronger paint than any mere feeling
