1870.]
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hi
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Southern Pacific Railroad—Mr. Julian,
Ho. op Reps.
knowledge we possess as widely as possible.
No higher or nobler duty can devolve upon us
than to elevate the mental, moral, and intel-
lectual natures of those who are placed by
Providence under the care of our Government.
SOutftern Pacific Railroad.
SPEECH OF HON. G. W. JULIAN,
of indiana,
ix the House of Repkesextatives,
February 21, -1871,
On the bill (s. No. 687) to incorporate the Texas
Pacific railroad and to aid in the construction of
its road, and for other purposes.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, the action of
this House on the South Pacific railway bill
is quite remarkable, and fitly exemplifies the
spirit and policy of what may properly be
called the railway power of the United States.
For some time past the opinion seems to have
been gaining ground, both in Congress and
out, that our land-grant policy has been very
decidedly checked, if not finally overthrown.
The indications of this have been thought
palpable enough. The huge pile of Senate
bills on the Speaker's table has been allowed
to slumber, and the House has manifested a
sort of instinctive dread of the motion to take
them up on account of the immense quantities
of land which they propose to hand over to
monopolies.
This body, at the last session, unanimously
passed a resolution condemning all further
grants of land in aid of railroads, and the Re-
publican party, recognizing the popular hostility
to these grants, paraded this resolution in a
campaign document last year as evidence of its
soundness on the question of friendliness to our
pioneer settlers. This House also, again and
again, has declared that if further grants are to
be made, the lands granted should be sold only
to actual settlers, in quantities not greater than
one quarter section to a single purchaser, and
for such reasonable price as to bring them
within the reach of those who actually need
them for homes, thus accepting the obvious
principle that the building of the road and the
settlement and tillage of the land along its
border are mutual helps to each other.
The President in his last annual message
favors this policy, and gives us his opinion
against the expediency or necessity of further
grants of lands for railroad purposes, and in
favor of reserving the whole of our remaining
public domain for actual Settlers under the
preemption and homestead laws. To these
tokens of a healthy reaction in favor of the
rights of the people, and against the further
squandering of their great domain, may be
added numerous resolves and instructions of
State Legislatures, and of the people of all par-
ties in their conventions within the past year.
But these signs of the times .Mr. Speaker, have
not been unmistakable. The railway power
has had no dream of surrender, and has been
more tireless and sleepless than ever before
in the prosecution of its purposes. This was
fully made manifest a week or two ago, on the
motion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wheeler] to refer this South Pacific bill to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, with
leave to report at any time. This motion
was overwhelmingly carried; thus showinghow
completely the railway interest in the House
had been organized, and how perfectly it held
this body in its power. No such favor had
been accorded to any proposition during this
session affecting the public lands.
Under the leave thus given the bill is re-
ported back in an amended form, but without
any restrictions whatever guarding the rights
of settlers. Some thirteen million acres of the
41st Cong. 3d Sess.-—No. 13.
public domain are handed over by it to one
great corporation, in utter disregard of the
policy so earnestly urged by the President, in
contempt of the people's wishes as expressed
in such manifold forms, and, as I have shown,
in mockery of the record of this House made
at the last session without division, and made
repeatedly for years past, in favor of guarding
these grants in the interest of the landless
poor. What is the result? The chairman of
the Pacific Railroad Committee, in reporting
his amended bill, moves the previous question,
thus cutting off all debate, and all amend-
ments save as permitted by himself. Know-
ing that a South Pacific road ought to be built,
under a properly guarded bill, knowing how
popular is the idea of its necessity, and hold-
ing the power to compel members to vote
against the bill, or else to vote for it with all
its imperfections, he demands a vote at once.
Yv^hat does he care for the rights of settlers ?
What did he care a year ago, when the North-
ern Pacific bill was carried in the same way,
surrendering to one corporation fifty-eight mil-
lion acres of the people's patrimony? What
did he care if this South Pacific bill allowed
the corporation, along a portion of its line, to
go any distance from the road, on one side of
it, in grasping the public domain, because there
was a deficiency on the other?
The chairman of the committee represented
the spirit and tactics of the peculiar institution
known as the railway, and was the chosen man
to do its work; and I award him the credit of
doing it faithfully and courageously, I asked
him to allow me to offer an amendment, wish-
ing to make the bill conform to the policy I
have indicated. He refused me the privilege.
I asked him to allow the amendment to be
read, so that the House might know what I
proposed. This also he declined. I then asked
him to allow me only three minutes of his hour
to debate the proposition, but this also was
denied, while awarding the Boor to sundry
others, whom he probably regarded as less
obnoxious to his purposes. I still did not
despair.
The relations existing between the distin-
guished chairman and myself are most friendly.
1 could not believe his obligations to this com-
pany would compel him to cast me off entirely.
He knew that I had. been giving some atten-
tion to our land policy for twenty-odd years
past. He knew that for ten years I have been
an active member of a committee of this House
considerably older than that on the Pacific
Railroad, and having concurrent jurisdiction
with it on the land question. I hoped, there-
fore, he would not refuse all my petitions, and
I begged of him now only the privilege of
asking him a single question. But this, too,
was denied. The distinguished chairman of
the committee coud not spare the time; and
vet he promptly awarded the floor to the gen-
ueman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to ask three
questions, each preceded by a preface, and
so plainly foreshadowing the ready answers
which were given as to excite the laughter
of the House, while not one of them touched
the vital defects of the bill. The previous
question was seconded, and the perfectly dis-
ciplined forces in support of the bill passed it
by—yeas 135, nays 70.
Mr. Speaker, in thus referring to these sug-
gestive and pregnant facts, I beg not to be
misunderstood. As I have already said, this
South Pacific road should be built. From the
first I have looked upon the enterprise with
favor, and have earnestly hoped that a bill pro-
viding for it might be so well considered and
so carefully framed as to command the sup-
port of those who regard the settlement and
improvement of the public lands as not less
important than commercial facilities. Nor do
1 cherish any hostility to railroads generally.
Both by speech and by vote have I borne my
testimony to the contrary, during my service in
this body.
It has been well said that in this Country
railways create the towns which they connect,
and carry civilization, and all the appliances
of civilizc-i life with them. Undoubtedly they
develop the country; but the development
theory may be carried too far and too fast. It
is one thing to establish great lines of inter-
communication, foster great commerciat en-
terprises, amass great wealth in the hands of
the few, and show the world the spectacle of ft
magnificent Government founded on the aris-
tocracy of wealth. It is quite another thing,
while looking to the healthy development of
our commerce and the activity of capital, to so
shape the administration of affairs as to pre-
serve in their full vigor the principles of dem-
ocratic government and the republican virtue
of the people.
A thoughtful article in the last Westminster
Review, on the future of the railway in the
United States, asserts that we "are rapidly
entering a new feudal age, in which industry
pays its tribute to commerce, as in former
times it did to the sword. The despotism of
this feudalism is as certain as was the other,
though the means for enforcing it are more
subtle and complex, partaking in this respect
of the change in the application of force which
has marked the advance of industry itself. In-
dustry now does not depend upon mere mus-
cular energy, but upon steam, nor does despot-
ism depend upon the sword for maintaining
its rule, but upon legislation, upon financial
methods, though in both cases the chief hold
upon the people is founded upon the possession
of the roads." The writer proceeds to illustrate
his meaning by referring to the power of the
old feudal barons over the road3 passing
through their territory, in virtue of which they
levied such tribute as they saw fit upon those
who passed over them ; and he mentions three
of the States of our Union which are as com-
pletely under the control of their railways, in
their political, financial, and commercial inter-
ests, as ever the people in feudal times weire
controlled by the baron in his castle.
Referring to one of the modern methods
adopted by railway corporations for increasing
the power of capital over industry, commonly
known as " watering their stock," he com-
pares it to the kindred policy of the feudal
barons in debasing the coinage which they
forced upon their unwilling subjects. He
declares, what no one will dispute, that the
railways of the United States, as against the
public, invariably act in harmony; and he
adds that "when it is remembered that this
combination represents an aggregate of capital
estimated at S'2,000,000,000; that it employs
hundreds of thousands of persons who are
dependent upon it for support; that it is spread
like a net-work over the entire country ; that
the industry of millions is dependent upon
it; that its managers are active, devoted, and
skillful men, who, being peculiarly subject to
the commercial spirit which values only success
obtained by any means, are peculiarly tempted
to be unscrupulous concerning the methods
they may employ to gain their ends, it becomes
a serious question what shall be the result.
Is there room in a Democratic country for
such a combined monopoly? To the student
of social problems there is no question more
important than this: shall the world's progress
toward the amplest conditions for the freest
individual development in civilized society be
checked ami balked by obstacles of its own
creation? Shall the latter half of the nine-
teenth century behold such a desperate strug-
gle for the destruction of commercial feudal-
ism ill the United States as Europe witnessed *
during the closing years of the eighteenth, in
overthrowing the feudalism established^ by
the sword?" Sir, I commend these questions
