1871,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
801
federacy and against the Republic. The con-
federacy had four years of nationality. Great
interests and powerful passions grew up in the
meanwhile. Their currency, their bonds, their
obligation"! to maimed soldiery, orphanage,
widowhood, their military history and per-
sonal Same, and their vast claims for damages,
were all antagomstical to the corresponding
interests of the United States. Had these
leaders come immediately back to Congress
and assumed control of the confederate States
the question would have been whether their
debts or ours should be paid, whether their
soldiers or ours should have pensions, whether
their currency or ours should pay debts,
whether their generals or ours should be hon-
ored, whether the colored people should be
citizens or slaves. The result would have
been a division of these interests and a com-
promise of principle. The future historian
would have been puzzled to know which were
the victors in the long struggle. To secure the
Kepublic against such a result this restriction
was adopted.
What reasons are assigned forits abrogation?
I have listened to most of the debate, and
hunted through all the rhetoric of the Globe
for an answer. Only two reasons are given in
all this eloquent talk. First, it irritates the
rebel leaders; and second, Congress is ped-
dling out this relief by the small. A word as
to the first reason. Admitting that it is a cruel
thing to irritate these great offenders, I ask
for the evidence that they are irritated. They
have not so informed Congress; they have
asked for no relief; or if any of them have,
the prayer has been promptly granted. If
they are irritated let them inform us, and not
leave it for their friends here to get at it by a
process of reasoning. I think their friends
here are more united in their behalf than they
are for themselves. At all events, we have
no evidence beyond the assertion of members
that the rebel chiefs are irritated. It will be
time enough to soothe them when that fact is
authoritatively made known.
But to the second reason, the charge of
peddling. From time to time Congress has
removed the restriction as to certain persons.
This is discrimination, a wise discrimina-
tion, I think. But the advocates of universal
amnesty call it "peddling;" and having given
it a belittling name, continualiy repeat it as
an argument. When a Governor pardons an
offender for exceptional reasons nobody calls
it peddling out clemency, and nobody scolds
because he does not pardon everybody at once.
We have already in this way removed the re-
striction from several thousand persons. Not
a single person who has asked it has been
denied. These two reasons are too insignifi-
cant for serious consideration ; and yet it is all
the argument given us.
Mr. Speaker, I was one with you and others
still left in Congress who helped to erect this
barrier against the domination of confederate
interests in the southern States and at this cap-
itol. I am not yet prepared to tear it down.
France laid the foundation of another revo-
lution when she recalled her Bourbon rulers.
I am not yet prepared to follow this unwise
example. Gentleman talk of conciliation, for-
giveness, magnanimity, clemency! Sir, we
have exhausted all these sentiments in our
treatment of the country's enemies. _ Weak-
ness, folly, cowardice, self-destruction, aro
more fitting words for the action proposed. ^
Mr. MAYHAM. I now yield for ten mm
utes to my colleague, [Mr. Cox.]
ltEVENCfi REFORM.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I would not have
come here this morning but for an import-
ant matter which 1 think ought to be under-
stood by the country, if not by this House. It
is well known that the results of our last fall
elections were rather in the directiou^of what
is called revenue reform. But that reform has
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—jSo. 51.
not taken place. The House and the country
should understand the reason why that reform
has not taken place, even in the slightest
degree. It is from no lack of inclination on
this side of the House, if not on the part of
many gentlemen on the other side. I have
been in my scat every Monday since this ses-
sion endeavoring to offer resolutions for the
purpose of mitigating the present system of
taxation in the interest of the people, and
especially upon such articles as salt, coal, lum-
ber, and leather, and others in which the
masses are most interested, but I have found
our legislation invariably choked with selfish-
ness.
Nearly all the bills, except those offered
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] from the Committee on Appropria-
tions, which are absolutely indispensable to
the carrying on of the Government ; nearly
all the legislation we have effected this session,
has been in the nature of selfishness. I do
not merely refer to land grants or subsidies
voted or to be voted. Each of these interests
is in the interest of a class who look to their
own selfish ends. They are not in the interest
of the people. Every tidbit of legislation this
session has in some way or the other been for
the aggrandizement of a few men at the ex-
pense of the people. I wish to say this much,
in order that I may have printed as part of my
remarks a resolution in reference to free coal,
which I desire to offer the very first opportun-
ity, and which is as follows:
Resolved, That in view of the pressing necessity
of cheap coal for the poor at this inclement season,
and its increased cost by reason of the recent strikes,
House bill No. 2211, to abolish the duty on coal,
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means last
session, be taken from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of theTJnion, with a view to its passage
a t this time.
I have endeavored at every opportunity to
present that; but Monday after Monday we
have the air line bill or some other selfish
thing which blocks the way of liberal legis-
lation. Why, sir, every one knows, who knows
anything about the coal business, the neces-
sity of cheapening it not only for Massachu-
setts, not only for calorie, not only for ma-
chinery, not only for capital, but for the poorer
classes of people in our cities. For, Mr.
Speaker, it is a simple truth that more people
die from lack of coal than from starvation. I
beg to read an extract on that point:
" X am unable to understand why coal was not
placed on the free list. It should be done at once.
With the exception of a few interested parties it
may be said the universal sentiment of the country
demands the abolition of the tax on coal. 1 shall
therefore say but little in favor of free coal. As a
material for manufacturing it is almost universally
used. Hence to the extent that its price is enhanced,
every consumer of manufactured articles is, made
more or less to feel the tax. Sir, it is a question of
humanity as well as of political economy. An able
writer in a late number of the Atlantic Magazine
says that more bitter suffering and more coroners
inquests aro duo to dear coal than to dear food m
the large cities of the Bast. Tho destitution of the
very poor takes the form of cold rather than of hun-
ger. In that section of the country the climate is
eoldest, wood is scarcest, and the population densest;
hence that portion of the country is the one where a
coal duty bears tho heaviest."
I would say in a general way, in connection
with this subject, that the financial policy of
Mr. Boutwell does not look exactly to the
amelioration of the class of our people who
suffer from the taxation under this and other
sections. It aims merely at a rapid extin-
guishment of the public debt, but by perpetu-
ating the burdens of taxation, which, _ in my
judgment, is inexpedient and impolitic. I
think there ought to be some great and gener-
ous reform. The faith and credit of the Gov-
ernment depend more upon the development
of the resources of the country by their relief
from this inordinate taxation than upon any
other cause. And I am only sorry that our
honorable Secretary of the Treasury has been
made the subject of such just criticism as that
which I shall read from the North American
Review, contained in an article written, I
believe, by the grandson of one of the Presi-
dents of the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Matham]
yield further to his colleague, [Mr. Cos?]
Mr. MAYEtAM. I do, for a few moments.
Mr. COX,. That article in the North Amer-
ican Review very justly criticises the present
policy of the Treasury in the following lan-
guage:
He had only a single object of enthusiastic ambi-
tion. but this was to redeem the national debt. To
do this from day to day, to collect more and more
millions from the people, no matter by whatdevices;
to accumulate the surplus in the Treasury; to buy
with it, month by month, more and more of the Gov-
ernment's own debts, and thus to see the huge mass
of indebtedness slowly dwindle and diminish in his
hands—this was a positive, tangible, self-evident
proof of success, which appealed directly to the low-
est order of intelligence, and struck with the great-
est possible force tho mind of tho voting public. To
this idea Mr. Boutwell sacrificed currency reform,
revenue reform, and every hope of relief from tax-
ation, and to this idea he subordinated even his own
ncxl ambition, that of lowering the rate of interest
on the debt. Beyond this he abnegated ideas. IIo
did nothing, said nothing, heard nothing, except
when necessity compelled,"
I think, Mr. Speaker, could we but reform
the general ideas of this Administration, and
especially of the head of the Treasury Depart-
ment, in this regard, there would be some
opportunity for the revenue reformers in t.hisi
House. 1 hope, sir, that before this session is
over those bills which have already been re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means
by a majority vote in this House may be taken
up here, and that some amelioration may be
given at least upon the articles I have named,
so that we may have cheaper food, cheaper
shelter, cheaper clothing, cheaper caloric, and
that various other articles connected with the
pursuits of industry may be made cheaper
m the interest of the people. One thing the
country may be assured of: never will revenue
reform go backward. Never! Never!
I have merely desired to say what I have not
had the opportunity to say on Monday, either
by speech or resolution, that this Congress, in
obedience to public opinion, ought not to ad-
journ until it does make some reform in this
matter, which concerns the iuterest of the whole
people most intimately. I thank the House and
ray colleague [Mr. Mayham] for their courtesy.
MESSAGE IR0M TUB SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Stmi'sox, one of its clerks, returning to
the House of Representatives, in compliance
with its request, the bill (S. No. 5GD) to pro-
vide for the disposition of useless military res-
ervations.
i'lSDEltAL INMRl'EREN'CE IN ELECTIQXS.
Mr. MAYHAM. In this House, Mr. Speaker,
on yesterday, the gentleman from California
[Mr. Sargent] offered a resolution of inquiry,
addressed to the President of the United States,
asking him whether the Governor of California
had, since July, 1868, made requisition upon
him for military aid to preserve order on the
day of election. My colleague from the city of
New York [Mr. Brooks] proposed to embrace
in the scope of that resolution the State of
New York, and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Randall] suggested that the State
of Pennsylvania also should be included. To
these suggestions the gentleman from Cali-
fornia yielded. But I was sorry to hear, sir,
a gentleman on the other side of the House,
the gentleman front Iowa, [Mr. Allison,]
object to the consideration of that resolution.
I have had, sir, in my desk a resolution, which
I prepared soon after the organization of the
Legislature of the State of New York, propos-
ing inquiries of the President with reference
to the elections in the State of New York sim-
ilar to those proposed by the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargext] with reference to
that State. I desire at some future time in
this House, when it is proper, to obtain a rec-
