802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
ognition from the Speaker and the consent of
the House to introduce that resolution. And
in order that it may be understood I send it to
the Clerk's desk and ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas it is alleged by the Governor of the State
of New York, in his recent annual message to the
Legislature of that State, that "the Federal Gov-
ernment lias assumed to interfere by its officers and
armed forces with the elections of that State," and
ior that purpose, " by the President's orders, troops
were brought from distant posts and quartered in
the city of New York, and ships of war anchored in
its harbor;" "that about two thousand deputy Uni-
ted States marshals were appointed in the city of
Xow York, who were, each of thorn, armed with what
is known as Navy revolvers worn in belts hearing
the designation of the Federal armories," that the
men so "armed by tho United States Government,
and paid out of its Treasury, were stationed, thus
armed, at the election polls " at.the last genera! elec-
tion for Governor and State officers m that St-'to;
and whereas the Governor of the State of New York
has also, in said message, entered his solemn protnst
against such Federal interference, and hi« therein
characterized said acts as "'outragesTherefore,
Jleiotor.dy That the President of the United States
he, owl he is herehy, respectfully requested to com-
municate to this House, if not inconsistent with the
public interest—
1. Whether, by his orders, at tho time of the recent
general election in Xcw York or imuiedia.tely prior
thereto, United States troops were brought, from dis-
tant posts and quarlcred in the cityot New York,
and United States ships of war were anchored in its
harbor, and it so, for what purpose.
2. The number of said troops, and the number and
names of such ships of war.
3. From wliat military posts and what naval sta-
tions such troops ami ships were brought.
•1. Tho expense to the United States ot transferring
such troops and ships of war to and from New York
city.
5. The number of United States deputy marshals
appointed in the city ot' New York on account of
said eleciion, and tho expense to the Government
of equipping and paying tho same.
6. Upon whose request, and under what provision
of the Constitution or laws ol the United States, such
military, naval, and constabulary forco was placed
in andaboutsaiil city, and what instructions, if any,
were issued to them by the Federal Government.
Mr. MAYHAM. Mr. Speaker, within the
lust twelve or fourteen years there has been
organized in this country and under this Gov-
ernment a party which emblazoned upon its
banners the words "free speech, free press,
free ballot, freedom, and Frfimoiit!'' Under
the ideas which these mottoes represented that
parly organized and went before the people.
Never in the history of any nation or of any
paity have names ami mottoes been selected
so well calculated to fascinate the public mind
and captivate the popular judgment. With the
exception of the last of these mottoes, which
related to an individual, that party conlinued
to emblazon upon its banners those euphonious
mottoes. The consequence was that the Amer-
ican people responded to the sentiments of
those mottoes and rallied round the banner of
that party with an alacrity unprecedented in
the organization of any party. Before that
parly had existed three years it was the pre-
dominant party in the Fedeial Government, as
well as in almost every State within the Union.
The reason ot that success, Mr. Speaker, was
that there is a charm in the name of freedom,
there is a charm in a free press, there is
a charm in a free ballot, which captivates
the American mind and the American voter.
Under the influence of this captivation, the
people believing, as they had a right to believe,
that these mottoes really meant what they said,
this party was elevated to power.
Sir, I will not undertake to repeat the
numerous instances in which the people have
been deceived by these protestations ot' love
of liberty, love of freedom, love of free ballot,
and love ior a free press. I will not under-
take to recount, the numerous instances in
which individuals—lovai men, loving the insti-
tutions of their country, and ready to do and
die for those institutions—have, for the exer-
cise of freedom of'speeeh, because they dared
to ulter freely their own convictions of the
right upon political questions, been incarcer-
ated in the bastiles of America. I will not
undertake to instance the numerous cases in
the northern and loyal States where, within
four years after this party waa elevated to
power, the free press was desecrated, the right
of the editor to utter his sentiments was denied,
and the man who dared to stand up and exer-
cise the freedom of the press, so bountifully
promised by this party at its organization, had
his office closed, his press seized, and not un-
frequently he himself was incarcerated within
the walls of a prison.
These instances have become a part of the
history of our country. As they will be read
in the future, they will invoke the impartial
judgment of the people of this country." They
are not now the subject of controversy. But
there is one of these promises, so ostenta-
tiously made and so confidently relied upon
by the people, which is being violated daily
in almost every State of this Federal Union ;
I allude to the interference with the freedom
of elections. And that I may not be charged
with misrepresenting, that, I may not be
charged with overdrawing the picture, 1 pro-
pose to offer as evidence of the truth of what I
assert an extract from the recent message of
the Governor of the State of New Yoik, which
I send to the Clerk's desk that it may be'read.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Sincothe adjournment of the Legislature the
Federal Government lias assumed to interfere di-
rcetly^by its oflicers and armed forces, with elec-
tions in this State. The pretext was fear that the
right of suffrage would, in some way, be denied to
the class of persons upon whom it, had been con-
ferred by the fifteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution ot the United States. It was a mere pre-
text; for our State Legislature, at its last session,
promptly altered our election laws to conform with
that amendment, so soon as it was declared adopted.
Moreover, this class of voters had exercised their
new right freely and without the least molestation
at our State election which took place in May last.
"Congress, nevertheless, enacted a law for the
ostensible purpose of supervising the election of
Congressmen only: and the President was author-
ized to employ tho Army and Navv to enforce certain
of its provisions. Under color of this act the Pres-
ident and other United States officials claimed the
right to supervise the entire election, not only for
Kepresentativoa in Congress, hut for State and local
officers. In the city of New York special prepara-
tions were made to entorce this claim. A large
numberof United States deputy marshals and super-
visors were appointed, many of whom were men
of well-known disreputable character, and some
of whom had been convicted criminals; aclassof
dangerous men never belorc chosen by any ruling
authority in any community as conservators of tho
peaeo. They wore instructed, under advice of the
Attorney General of the United States, to submit to
no interference from any quarter under State or
municipal authority. Orders were issued which au-
thorized them, in thediseretion of each one of them,
to arrest at the polls citizens claiming the right to
vote, as well as the inspectors, who were charged by
law with the custody of tho ballot-boxes. These
arrests wero to be effected without process of law,
issued upon formal complaints. The peaceful con-
duct of the election and the good order of the city
were thus made to depend on the discretion of these
hastily-selected, inexperienced, and undisciplined
men,someof them habituated to felonious violations
of law, and all of them unused to tho exercise ol
delicate and important trusts of power; all having
been appointed in one political interest and having
acommon partisan purpose to subserve. The police
and civil authorities of tho city and State, whose
duty it is to preserve order, were ignored, under
instructions from Washington, as completely as if
the people of the State were in rebellion against tho
Government of the United States. It was a bold
attempt on the part of the Federal Government to
assumo absolute control of the State and local elec-
tions, in order to accomplish partisan ends; and
officials, both judicial and executive, seemed determ -
ined to prosecute it without any regard to the rights
either of the local officers or of the people.
"Tholaw of Congress under which he was acting
required the Federal judge to appointone half of the
whole number of supervisors Irom each political
party; yet he deliberately refused to appoint a..;,
of the political organization which ho well knew
: represented the great majority of voters in the city.
Every popular light was ostentatiously denied, as
if too purposo was to irritate and exeito the peo-
ple and to provoke tumult, which might result in
breaking up the election and depriving the city of
its vote.
"The Prcsidentwell know that the people intended
no lorciblc resistance to the Jaw. TUcir determi na-
tion was to meet it, simply and exclusively, by the
force of public opinion. Itmust have been apparent
to every mind that the interest of tho gre.it majority
in the city was to have a quiet and orderly election.
Itcould be the interest only of the minority to pro-
mote an outbreak. The President knew also that
even if disorder of any (Jcgreo shonl4 ensuo tho ,
wh'de civil and police power t>f the State, sustained ,
By its national guard—a toilH'arj' wganizatioii of |
our own citizens, composed of men of all classes and
all political parties and maintained by the State to
do service as occasion may demand for the State or
the United States, and which has never yet failed in
its duty to either—was both read*- and able to pie-
serve order and to protect all officers of the law in
the execution of judicial process and the discharge
of official duty.
"Notwithstanding all this, bv the President's
orders, United States troops wore brought from dis-
tant posts and quartered in the city ot New York,
and ships of war woro anchored in its haibor. It
was'ccrtainly not unreasonable to expect that the
first drop of citizen blood shed in the city of New
York by Federal troops in time of peaco might lead
to terrible results, involving great loss of life and
incalculable destruction of property. Therefore as
Chief Magistrate of this State, chained with the dutv
of enforcing its laws and preserving order within its
boundaries. I used every exertion and made every
preparation and provision in my power to preserve
order and protect the people in their rights, their
lives and property. At tho Inst moment, that is to
soy. the afternoon before the election, the ofl'iecrs
ot the United States, fortunately and wisely, aban-
doned the extreme giound they had taken, and
entered into a stipulation with the local authorities
of Now York city, in my presence, which resulted in
preventing any armed intcrfeience by troops, either
of the United Statcsorof the State.
"Nevertheless, it is well known that about two
thousand deputy United States marshals were ap-
pointed in the city of New York, who were, each one
of them, armed with what is known ns a Xnv ic-
volvcr, worn in belts bearing the designation of the
Federal armories. Tliev did not, it is true, form any
poi ion of the regular force of tho Aruiv or iiavy;
they were undisciplined and without a military com-
mando". Uut they wero men armed by the United
Stales Government and paid out ot its Treasurj, and
were stationed, thus aimed, at tho election noils,
having been taught they were the supeiiors of the
lawfully-appointed peace officers of the State, upon
whom the preservation of older in a laigc citv
depends.
" It was due to the patient forbearance of the peo-
ple. and to the earnest endeavors and great coolness
and discretion of the peace oflicers of the citv, that
order was preserved.
"I deem it my solemn duty to protest now formally
against these outrages, which, it is given out, will he
renewed at future oie6ti<>n.-..with preparations look-
ing to a greater degree of intimida.tion and coercion."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will tho gen-
tleman allow me to ask him two or tluee ques-
tions?
Mr. MAYHAM. Certainly, sit'.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The first que*
tion that I would ask is this; if during tho elec-
tion any United States forces, if there wem
any sent there by orders of the Government,
interfered with the elective franchise of any
individual?
_ Mr. MAYHAM. The answer to that ques-
tion, sir, appears to me to be obvious, iit,d I
am somewhat surprised that a gentleman of
the experience ot my friend should propound
such a question. Sir, if there are two" prin-
ciples in Government that are antagonistic to
each other it is the exercise of a free ballot
under compulsion or dictation from the bay-
onet. They are incompatible in theory, they
are practitally incompatible. The bayonet,
takes its order from the highest military
authority, and the subordinate in executing
that, mandate is a machine without volition
and without exercise of judgment except the
judgment of the commander. The ballot
emanates from the people and is the expres-
sion of the free will of the people, and when-
ever military power menaces the exerti.,e of
that free will that free will cannot be exercised,
and hence the object of the ballot is entirely
thwarted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. Speaker.
I with to ask another question, and it, is, it'
there were not repeated threats made it,' the
public prints of the city of New York, and by
individuals there, that if there was an attempt
made to carry out (he laws of the United States
there would be bloodshed and violence?
_ Mr. MAYHAM. I cannot answer that ques-
tion, because I atn not appiised of any such
threats. I read the ptess of New Yoik dili-
gently snd carefully. I brlieve I feel as mnch
interested as any citizen of New Yoik in tlm
well being of the city and Slate of New York,
and 1 am riot advised as to any threats uttered
by the press or by individuals ot that city as to
a violation of the election law or any provision
of it.
